This was fascinating! Especially about the banana disease, GMO and the ripening process- thanks for the video I definitely learnt something!
i donthe chicolate & banana thing on the regular—but i microwave JUST until the chocolate’s melted. there are better ways to achieve the goal, but i’m ooso lazy.
Well, if we're going find this kind of GMO Cavendish marketable, why not revisit the Gros Michele?
11:56 no, I think that other video was in reverse lol
There is no such thing as non-GMO anywhere on Earth. It's just a sales gimmick.
chocolate in banana is a classic snack by a campfire not as interesting when you have access to modern technology, but it was much appreciated when camping
15:29 Clicking those three links and acting like they are broken forever is a bit obnoxious. Every single one of those links is backed up on Internet Archive and you can view the page just fine.
8:14 Ann Reardon's 6. 7.
Year late bur here's my comment.  Back in the 70s when juicing was the big rave, manufacturers and dieticiens warned agaibst eating banana peels.  Stating they had poison for tarantula saturated into them.   Held to this info ever since but have begun to wonder if it is true.
I personally don't eat bananas until they start getting brown, because that's when they start to get sweet and yummy. Otherwise they're starchy and unpleasant in my personal opinion.
I’m curious - I thought you were meant to wear bright clothes to reflect the sun? Doesn’t dark clothing absorb heat?
I thought wrapping the bananas killed fruit flies
We are monkeys after all
"even monkeys peel bananas" 😂😂 dave is top
13:58 My brother just did this experiment with bananas, wrapping the stems with wet paper towels. There was not a spot on any banana until day 5. It does works.
Bananas are actually a herb!
Talk about WILD! I did not know that wild bananas have those huge seeds and that it is not edible! This is especially knowing that the cultivated banana has seeds yes... but the size of a freckle and you'd hardly know that they are there!!
Ann, love your videos - they are both amusing and so informative. (And Dave absolutely cracks me up)!
The beads covered with banana actually reacted more than the plain ones. 🫣
I'm pro GMO
Soooo, is there a YouTube channel that debunks you???
These sprays are not good for an even layer of sunscreen plus you never reach the declared upf. Lots of waste too, gas and aluminium.
6:36 they got that idea from their 🫏hole, that’s where
Bananen om ze te stoppen van rijpen hangt af van hoe ze worden gekoeld... Bananen worden in koeschepen "bananenboten" verscheept en dan in koelhuizen opgeslagen. Bananen worden groen geplukt en worden daarna steeds geler en dan bruiner... door op een bepaalde temperatuur te koelen rijpen ze het langzaamst.  Als de bananen rijpen onderweg op zee dan worden ze overboord gegooid (And now im at the point you explain it 😂)
The aloe vera thumbnail is so obviously photoshopped lol
25:35 This is why GMOs are so important to keeping the world's growing population adequately fed. People who are anti-GMO and anti-pesticide simply do not understand how much of our food supply would be wiped out if we didn't take these measures. I'm all for rigorous testing to make sure the final result is safe for human consumption and that there is minimal environmental impact, but people who just want to ban GMOs and pesticides outright are showing their ignorance on the topic. They're also showing their privilege, because the way things always work in times of food shortage is that wealthy countries/people always get priority. The Irish potato famine only really happened because the majority of the crops were taken for export and sale, leaving the locals to starve. If we ban GMOs and pesticides, it won't be the yuppie crunchy moms and organic food nuts who suffer, it'll be the poor people of developing nations who already face food shortages.
I buy organic unsprayed bananas so that I can make banana saccharum from the peels. The saccharum is a super concentrated banana flavour; apparently it's used for cocktail making but I use it for flavouring icing, buttercream, fairycakes etc.  Also add it to banana cakes if i'm running short on actual bananas to mash.
I can only watch ten minutes at a time due to banana overload.
I would be okay with GMO bananas in this case. I don't think it's an issue for me because it's using genes from another banana species.
Dangerous AND dumb... Dumbgerous!
Best thing to do with a banana is let it go really brown, cut it up and freeze it then blend it with a tiny bit of liquid and berries makes a lovely ice cream dont need sugar because the over ripe banana is pure sugar no starch so you get that nice texture and sweetness but also berry flavours, i like to use blackberries.
23:40 is that a bird in the background? so cute!
GMO Is not always bad especially when it comes to plants. It's a lot more harmful to buy GMO animal products because they make the animals suffer
I love how loaded someone so sweet and polite is able to make the words "silly" and "dumb"  You're right. It's very dumb to put your audiences health at risk for views. Glad you're out here correcting them
The „hack“ with the banana and chocolate is something people do in my country with their kids when they have a campfire. Usually we put the banana and chocolate in tin foil and place it beneath the fire.
Fantastic channel
I've never tried it, but freezing bananas?
monkeys DON'T peel bananas though they also don't naturally pursue them
Hi Ann! The one where they cooked the banana is called a banana boat! Typically, in girl guides and scouts, we make them on the campfire by putting the chocolate and stuff in it, then wrapping it in foil. Btw I love your channel! You do such a great job debunking these channels and informing us. ❤
13:00 that's a camping trick from yonder. ❤
Interesting, i knew that we are likely to see the wipeout of bananas as we know it in our lifetime but i didn't know exactly why
I wonder if they will bring back the gros michel to wider circulation with the same gene editing.
Fun fact! The reason why the plants rotted like that from being planted in a banana is because of the hormone being released, it's the same aging hormone as every single other plant, what really works for any plant whose roots are too small is literally just rooting hormone. For any plant
11:53 I needed to read this today 🥺
Sometimes i can get different types of bananas in some stores but they are mostly pretty expensive compared to the regular ones which are always available  That’s probably one reason why they don’t sell that much which leads to the people who harvest the bananas getting a low income and not being able to sell more bananas
coming back to this years later, now a Balatro player internally cheering when you talked about the gros michel and cavendish bananas 😂 I knew I remembered you talking about the cavendish and I figured you probably mentioned the gros michel as well, and now I have finally confirmed it
Oooh this was so long ago but I just have to say that the chocolate inside the banana you should put in foil and then grill it over fire outdoors, it's SO GOOD! I used to do this when I was camping as a kid. And also if Dave doesn't enjoy cooked banana he should really try fried banana with vanilla ice cream and change his mind forever :)
The only way that I have found to stop bananas ageing, is eating them. As for the Banana disease, if it comes down to a genetically modified banana only being available, then you really have no choice in the matter. You either eat them because you like bananas, or you don't even though you like them, but you will only be hurting you with a long term craving if you don't give them a try. One day, nearly all food, as we know it,  will have to be genetically modified anyway. World temperature will kill a lot of food that we know of, off as it will either be too cold or too hot.
Where can I buy bananas that have not been exposed to Ethylene?
Omg that wild banana with seeds looked so gross!!!
Banana Peel Chutney 🍌 is genuinely delicious, especially with cold cuts and cheese & is a great way of reducing food waste
If you have bananas that are going too mature for regular consumption, cut em in rolls and freeze them in freezer-friendly plastic bags. You can use them for banana bread or other banana cakes in the future and they stay good for many many days!
As a chemical engineer, GMO's are everywhere and people don't even realise it. A lot of naturally occurring organisms cannot provide for the needs of the world we live in today. Genetic modification forms a part of our evolution as a species.
If people have issues eating genetically manipulated bananas the they cant eat any store bananas xD the ones we have every day are already genetically modified.
Cavendish bananas are already genetically modified, literally modified to a point where they can't produce functional seeds anymore. Which is, the issue in the first place, no genetical diversity.
Dave not tasting the bananas... He's gonna go hungry..
I love how Anne reads the fake videos for filth with so much respect and lightness, it's truly an art
That's what the roots look like if you are propagating a plant in water. They get long and lanky, searching for soil.
The roots in the first banana video are one hundred percent from the plant having been left in a glass of water. Water grown roots and soil grown roots are very different in appearance.
While I don't have Trypophobia, that sudden picture of wild banana, with that sound effect, startled me. Looked like full of bugs or something. On another note, it's pretty sad many of us will likely never taste what a real ripe banana is like. When we buy bananas I only ever eat them when they start to turn brown, and have even made pancakes out of truly brown ones. I don't understand people who throw them out. Sounds simply to either not buy that much at once or to use it up in cooking.  The most difficult part of your fun and interesting videos are always the hacks. Even if they work, the rapid, chaotic pace, in your face style on top of inane methods is painful.
So if you combine the bag banana and fridge banana, would that be the best solution?
the banana stuffed with chocolate is a thing. when i was a kid on camping trips we'd take a banana, slice a section, stuff with chocolate and marshmallows, wrap in foil and cook over the fire. my grandpa said its called a banana boat but no idea how many people actually do this.
There MUST be some surviving Gros Michel for that guy to protect genetically instead: the Gros Michel is bigger and way tastier than the Cavendish.
It's interesting to note that when nature does it, it's naturaal selection, but when it's done in a lab, it's dangerous gmo
Hi Ann! Do those UV ray beads go back to transparent when away from uv?
I'll say this: Panama Disease hasn't spread _as_ severely as some in the naughties predicted. By some of those predictions, the Cavendish would have bit the bullet already.  Personally, I don't see GMOs as _inherently_ bad, the biggest problem with them is the consequences corporate fuckery can have. If it saves an essential crop, it's worth it. The stakes and practicalities should keep most or all of the applicable corporate fuckery in check (and one common problem isn't applicable anyway because the Cavendish is seedless), the gene shouldn't have any adverse effects I wouldn't think, and worrying about the Cavendish's purity is laughable.
I thought there was a cat crying outside my door so I got up and checked after pausing the video... It stopped so I hit play and I heard it again.. Took a few pauses for me to realize it was coming from the video. 😂
Dave is a treasure for pitting up with this malarkey
the trouble with GMOs is not that they are bad for your health or something--unless something crazy is done to the food, they're perfectly good to eat. The problem is that when companies make GMO crops, they can /patent/ that DNA...and companies like monsanto have historically taken advantage of this fact, creating plants that will not go to seed so that farmers have to keep buying the same seeds year after year. Plus, if nearby crops interbreed with patented GMO crops, that is now basically a copyright violation. So, although GMOs are a neutral or even a very positive innovation on their face, they have been instrumentalized as a way for corporations to extract more profit and more dependency from farmers. In Haiti, during a period of famine, farmers even burned GMO seeds in protest of this practice.
Bananas, peanut butter, and honey. My favorite foods
I'm just curious about the texture of the banana "pulled pork" mostly because I'm not a fan of pork flavour or texture. I also love the texture of crucnhy+goop
23:10 any ornithologists here? what’s that bird calling?
The plant in the middle wouldn't  have gown, no matter what. You have to have a node included, which you did not. roots grow out of the node. With that being said, I doubt it would work anyway.
"Even monkeys peel bananas." That's some real wisdom right there.
Modification of seeds has been as old as when humans started to settle down and become farmers, take the good crops, re-plant them, refine them, take cutting of plants and put them onto other plants, selective pollination of plants manually to get different results, technically nothing wrong with it per say, just depends WHAT has been modified and HOW it actually results in how it affects our bodies, obviously if a plant has been modified to be more acidic, you might get more hiccups or something as a result.
so usefull
12:39 that’s just a banana boat and it’s a thing but usually grilled or over a campfire wrapped in foil. Also you usually put marshmallows and graham crackers and stuff on top too
Im just here for the dad jokes
Storing fruit next to apples does make them ripen faster! You don't need to put them in a bag or even a bowl covered in plastic wrap if you just put them next to each other the apple helps ripen the other fruit. I often ripen my peaches this way
“Even monkeys peal bananas.” lol.
All you need for the banana trick is a video editing program which allows you to insert clips in reverse.... so basically any video editing software.
Miracle mold growth.
My long term plan to play videogames with the curtains closed in order to avoid melanoma has been working well so far
I can't helo but feel these hacks are just using fruits for what they're actually for. I don't think it's ever been mentioned in Science, but i think _one of_ the reasons trees grow fruit is to fertilize themselves. Tree grows fruit, fruit is not eaten and falls, fruit rots, processing lifeforms add nutrition to the soil, the tree has now fertilized itself.
For me, personally, GMOs are less about the fact that the plant has been modified, and more about the politics surrounding those seeds and what they can do given the chance for cross pollination and acting as an invasive species.
gmo crops are a marvel of technology, and nobody will ever convince me otherwise.
One of the most played game among kids in my youth was something called the cordless phone. I don't know if westerners have an equivalent, but in Romania and Hungary it's common. Someone says a sentence to someone, and that person has to say to the next and so on and so forth and the last person finally hears a completely different sentence. Kinda how misinformation spreads🤔
When you get banana flavoured sweets that just don't taste like you know a banana should, surprisingly, the "artificial" flavour is now an exinct banana species.
for broken links, try the wayback machine. it's an archive of "the internet". doesn't keep everything (pics for example) but it helps sometimes
2:17 Mad respect for using the same type of plant! Monstera
Why do people think that ripe banana eg. brown spots on, is rotten. Even totally brown skin can have jummy banana inside. Just open it and look. Btw. the brown liquidy spots on over-ripe bananas are totally edible. It's just bananas own enzymes breaking down the startch into glucose. So eat it, tastes sugary and is not harmfull at all. On the other hand if you see mold, be very careful and know your molds. Not all of them are harmful; we eat blue cheese and other cheeses with mold on and in them.
26:00 you make an amazing point, the concept of genetically modified food is kind of nonsensical, most of the food we eat has been selectively bred, a lot of the stigma behind GMO foods are considered unhealthy in similar ways as to why essential nutritional groups such as fats and relatively harmless flavor enhancers like MSG have become stigmatized. We are always trying to become more healthy especially when we have more fear over what is unhealthy over what the mean benefit of a food is, if we feared what is changed we can’t enjoy what we have now. The objective argument of GMO good products are in a sense is as follows: is it better to eat a fruit that is full of hard seeds and has very little nutritional value, or is it better to eat a healthy and fibrous easily available food that feeds people around the world. It is comparable to fearing a fan because it can hurt your fingers, even if it can help you cool off your body on a hot day.
The one where the apple is supposed to make the banana ripen faster, ive heard that befire but with citrus instead.
We’ve been genetically modifying food for tens of thousands of years via selective breeding. I don’t like the idea of genetically modifying crops to be resistant to herbicides in order to use more herbicides (looking at you, Monsanto), but in general the technology has the potential to be game changing. So i am pro-GMOs, and will definitely be happy buying GMO bananas.
We’ve been genetically modifying food for tens of thousands of years via selective breeding. I don’t like the idea of genetically modifying crops to be resistant to herbicides in order to use more herbicides (looking at you, Monsanto), but in general the technology has the potential to be game changing. So i am pro-GMOs, and will definitely be happy buying GMO bananas.
In a video from Copenhagen zoo they told that monkeys do eat banana peels, but only from organic bananas.
The hard seeds banana really triggered my trypophobia
all food are genetically modified, none of these fruits look the same especially bananas, also everyone loves blue rasberry (not even real) but i think it makes no sense cause like most of the people that complain about this drink alcohol so in my eyes be quiet lol
Idk if anyone else noticed this but around 23:36 it's like there's a swinging door in the audio and I keep thinking it's like a cat or something and feeling compelled to pause the video but I think it's just background noise. It really bothered me especially because I'm sensitive to that kind of thing and it's night time and I get scared of mysterious noises at night.
Hey, I got it! The pepper inside the banana in the soil. You're going to grow a banana pepper! :D
The stems rotting faster to aid in the fruit falling off the plants is a very interesting mechanism. How it evolved that way is very likely a fascinating field of study, not that I can think of any practical applications for that knowledge, but it's still quite interesting nonetheless.
I like bananas and i still eat them when they go brown, but my family at the second they got spots want to throw them >:v
Please, we've been cross-breeding plants for ever. We wouldn't have the strawberries we eat if we wanted them unmodified.
GMO is fine by me. It dont effect you what-so-ever. So it is good to hear there is a backup if the desease spreads!
Yeah, like I said, putting your bananas in the. Refrigerator is the best way to keep them good, leaving them outside in the warmth. Is just gonna get them nasty real fast? So I keep mine in the fridge when I used to eat them. I should say. And I try to tell my mom this but she won't listen to me and I just I hate it. I cannot stand bananas that have not been in the. Refrigerator cold and with a little bit of a, you know. A harder texture to them. I don't like them. Real soft, like baby food. You might as well just eat baby food, bananas, if you're gonna eat them like that. That's gross.
When I used to eat bananas I no longer eat them because it's not great for people with diabetes. I cured my diabetes because I got rid of all the over sugary things out of my diet and maybe somebody will say oh, that's nonsense. Bananas are fine for diabetics. But I just don't eat them anymore. But when I did eat them? I put them in the refrigerator. That keeps them good longer plus buy them on the greener side. Don't buy them Yellow. Buy them on the greener side. Put them in the fridge they last longer plus there, if more firm I don't like my bananas to be mush, it's like ew. I might as well just eat baby food. I like them to be a little bit more aldente. As you could say.
Your family must have eaten SO MUCH banana bread in the week or two following this video…
I think for the who GMO  debata and how people are HEAVILY against them, or not just depends. I don’t think you realize how many plants have gmos and animales to. Cause I think the way y’all think is it’s putting chemicals in them witch it is but it’s chemicals form other plants cause everything is made up of chemicals, things that are “natural” have chemicals in them. Just chemicals based in nature and not in a lab. As someone who was apart of FFA had a guy in my group who did a thing on GMO’s and how there very benifical for people’s jobs and the economy as a whole. Though the GMO’s debat actually goes way deeper than this one YouTube comment can go as it dives into to what’s “natural” chemicals and “non natural” chemicals as well as what would happen if we didn’t do GMO’s even though this can help with pests not being an issue and spraying our fruits and veggies with pesticides as we could be able to make them lethal to bugs and not humans, it also goes into the economy and agriculture if they were to become invasive what would happen to the species of agriculture that are not invasive and would we just loose them. I honestly say do your own research cause it very interesting to read about and how deep it goes!!
I used to think differently about GMOs until I started studying about plant science! I love your videos so much! Super informative and teaches me how to design a good experiment! ❤
IDK if there are any proven health benefits of eating non-gmo.
Do not ever describe a banana peel as "packaging" ever again
Another thing thing u can use to help protect u from the sun is use UPF (Ultraviolet Protection Factor) clothes which is clothes that have protection from the sun.
Εξάγουμε πολιτισμό
ANN IS MY FAVE YOUTUBER
I know I'm late to the game with this video, but I had to comment because of what you said about the sun. I am a sunscreen fanatic. People look at me weird all the time in the USA because if there is sun out I will put it on. I also put it on all 5 of my kids, and will offer it to others if they look at me. My kids used to complain because they thought it was uncool to use sunscreen, but my go-to comeback is "Skin cancer isn't cool". :) I can't make people use sunscreen, but I can spread the awareness that burn increase your chances!
Just commenting for the algorithm 💛
Gotta try red bananas.  And plantains are awesome, but require prep work.
06:22, Yeah, this is disinformation too...using black is the worse you can do. White or yellow at the most. Do you wish you could deflect bullets or just take their impact? I won't bother explaining the physics in a banana video, but yeah.
22:54 have you got a kitten
I love me an ugly brown soggy banana. Best for banana bread.
"Even monkies peel bananas." Dying 😂
I think that the reason some people believe the hairdryer banana thing is because freezing a banana makes it turn black so they think that heat makes it yellow again
quite frankly i think most of the gmo conversations are dumb, a lot of the foods we have today wouldn’t be edible without genetically modification. like bananas or tomatoes.
I see what you did there with the sunscreen - Banana Boat sunscreen for your banana hacks 😊
Ann, it stands out to me watching your videos that you're particularly considerate in regards to food and people struggling financially. I really appreciate that you can talk about how cooking something a certain way or with a certain item might not make it the tastiest, but would render something edible that might be worthless for some but good money for others. I think that's very kind and generous of you as a content creator
Humans have been modifying their foods for generations, , sprouts, cauliflower, kale and cabbage are all the same plant. As for how red grapefruit was made...
I am so tired of people saying GMO's are bad for you. Well ok if they are then don't eat Broccoli, Peas, Cauliflower, Strawberries, or even the bananas from any era. You see every single one of these have been Genetically Modified by Humans. Oh and dogs...don't have a dog. They are genetically modified as well, and cats...horses, pigs, cows...you see we have been genetically modifying things for literally centuries. It is what is known as "Artificial Selection" (Meaning Nature or Natural forces didn't create this but Humans did through their "choice" or "Selection" of which plants or animals would be allowed to breed with which others)   When one sees a trait in the plant or animal that they want to "replicate" in another with a different "trait" they also desire they selectively breed them together. I.E. A sweet tasting strawberry that is small, and a tart tasting strawberry that is much bigger. They decide they want the sweet taste of the little one but the bigger size of the tart one. Well you would need to make sure that the bigger plant is only pollinated by the sweet tasting little one and keep doing that until you achieve a plant that produces large fruit with a sweet taste. Ta Da this is a Genetically Modified Organism.   There is honestly *nothing* that we eat that has genes to modify that isn't or hasn't been Genetically Modified. The stigma comes from when scientist do it quickly and efficiently in the lab; instead of taking years of the painstakingly slow process of plucking the pollen from the stamen of one plant and depositing it onto the pistol of the other, or through decades of breeding animals. This is just the "Artificially Selected" GMO's we haven't even talked about the "Naturally Selected" GMO's that is everything else.   You see *EVERYTHING* that has genes are even now being Genetically Modified because of Evolution (The process by which all life is diversified) this is because Evolution is by it's very definition the Modification of Genetics through slight mutations during the replication process. So it doesn't matter if a Scientist modifies bananas in a lab in Australia, or a monk from a monastery in 18th century Austria planting and observing sweet peas, or a Rancher in Texas breeds a more beefier cow, or Nature through some freak storm or a harsh winter creates a more hardier strain of wheat. *ALL* life is Genetically Modified because that is the process through which genes express themselves.  Stop with the GMO label, it is a bull$#!+ buzzword that literally applies to everything living on Earth; ergo *NOTHING* in your grocer is "Non-GMO" save minerals, chemicals, and water.
There's a suncream brand called "Banana Boat" i wonder if that were they concocted that story from
More info: The reason why wild foods are largely inedible is because unlike most crops which have been artificially selected over thousands of years, wild plants would be wasting energy on having large, easily digestible fruits. The more you know!
The people who dislike GMO don't know anything, bananas have already been bred to be sterile and thus won't hurt biodiversity (as they need us humans to reproduce) the banana plantations where bananas are grown for export already aren't biodiverse at all. And Panama disease is an invasive pathogen that is not only hurting Cavendish bananas also local varieties. So GMOs have the ability to help save biodiversity for bananas not harm it
I feel like a lot of people who are anti-GMO don’t realize and probably eat bananas and don’t realize how much we changed about them genetically to be able to eat them…
Idk why but some of these "hacks" make me so angry 😂
Here's the thing about GMOs. Almost everything is genetically modified thanks to selective breeding. There's no reason to be anti GMO since basically everything is GMO. I'm perfectly fine with my food being modified to help it survive.
Honestly i think you are giving people far too much credit by saying the misconceptions are coming from research when in all likelihood it probably came from people just bein like 'okay bananas, what bullshit can i make up about them' and fake new spread like wildfire
Honestly, I think that the connotation between GMO's are undeserved. Strawberries have almost tripled in size from their wild counterparts, and yet people don't have any problem with those!
That freaky banana with the big seeds scared me.
isnt all food genetically modified.. evolution and farming has been at it for millennia
About the chocolate banana one, when i was a scout we would take bananas, cut a long slit in them and then add thin pieces of chocolate, then we wrapped them in tin foil and put them in the edges of a bonfire, after a little while we had what i personally considered a delicacy!
Gross Michelle bananas, now grow Michelle.
I have a friend who used to live in Hawaii. Bananas  don't last there unless they are refrigerated,. although they do turn black they are perfectly fine inside.
I have always wondered how "they" know that one bad sunburn in childhood doubles the risk on melanoma in adulthood? What kind of study was done?
“Even monkey pills bananas”😂
Whoever is behind 5-minutes craft is scamming a living
We've had GMO foods now for 20 odd years, and it hasn't changed anything, butter up my bananas, baby.
Just had a thought, can you use UV protection sun cream to stop plastics from yellowing?🤔 I thought darker coloured garments would soak up heat while light from the sun would bounce off more lighter coloured garments (white) I thought eating banana peels would be dangerous because the amount of potassium content they have, a lot more than the banana pulp itself. Blow-drying a blackened banana skin back to yellow, my theory for this illusion, is that the video that shows it is playing in reverse, so the original video showed a yellow banana being blow dried black .
Why no bagged bananas without an apple?
Ive been so badly burned ftom the sun twice now im worried 😂😅
1:20 “‘time lapse’ or stop motion for a few days” is the cleanest, funniest shade I’ve heard in eons😂
I know this is an older video but I'm very passionate about GMOs. Genetic modification isn't some scary thing like people who don't know better make it out to be! The scariest thing about GMOs are the companies who sell GMO seeds that are infertile, meaning the plants grown from those seeds will not produce viable seeds or seeds at all- making the farmers dependent on them (some companies have been known to lock these farmers into contracts to only grow from their seeds, too). A great example of how food has been genetically modified can be shown from visuals in this video! The wild bananas have been genetically modified via selective breeding by our ancestors through selective breeding! Any new varieties of plants/breeds of animals that have been bred selectively for different traits (including dogs- prime examples of selective breeding) are, in fact, genetically modified organisms (GMOs)! When done right- not making the plants infertile, MORE susceptible to disease/pests, locking people into contracts, or, in the case of animals, decreasing their quality of life- GMOs are GOOD things, or at least neutral things. Cattle being bred to have healthier udders and produce more milk in a way that doesn't decrease their QOL? A good thing as less cows are needed to produce the same amount of milk- saving space, feed, and their natural impact on the environment. A way to modify banana varieties to be more resistant to a devastating disease? A good thing as there can be more varieties grown at larger scales- giving us all more flavors to enjoy, the locals most importantly as well as having more genetic diversity in bananas in any given area- increasing their chances of surviving other diseases or new strains! Chickens who lay higher quality and quantity of eggs in a way that does not decrease their QOL? A good thing for the same reasons as cattle. Want potatoes with edible berries? Theoretically possible with selective breeding to stop them from containing solanine- the reason why they're poisonous- opening them up to be a potential viable food source. Ok long rant over but GMOs aren't some scary, nebulous thing that's making food somehow bad for you to eat. The only problem with them right now are the companies with bad practices that harm the farmers they sell to (which is a valid reason to not like GMOs, don't get me wrong)
25:50 i hope they bring back the 1950s banana this way too & start breeding new varieties and letting them breed naturally too  & Without monocultures
Banana peels have a lot of oil in them, banana oil. I know because you can shine your boots with them. Rubbing an oil on your face and then going out in the sun will not protect you... it will probably do the opposite.
The banana plantation/processing video is from the Philippines and is mostly intended for the export market.  The majority of locally sold ones from the markets aren't pretty and full of small little black spots or have some bruises but are perfectly good inside. The flawless ones are either exported or sold in hotels, restaurants, convenience stores and supermarkets at a premium price.  About Cavendish being endangered by Panama disease, we have here a dozen or so varieties of bananas and plantains (mostly for cooking) and we don't really rely on cavendish bananas for everyday consumption as it is too expensive for most Filipinos.
Wait, I feel like the zombie banana reversal video was just edited to go backwards, no? Because heat will make bananas go brown.
GMOs are awesome, and Europe's aversion is completely misplaced I believe.
“Even monkeys peel bananas” he’s got a point there 😂
Almost all of our food has been genetically modified. Corn has been modified to store more water and be drought resistant, brussel sprouts are sweeter than they used to be to make them more palatable. Just a few examples, but our food has been modified to grow faster, stronger, yummier, etc. Its almost impossible to avoid at this point.
you guys dont have a dedicated banana fridge?
Awww  2:38  those poor plants
Here's my take on GMOs: I don't think combining genes from two breeds of the same species is a huge problem. It's the same species; you could probably achieve the same effect with old-fashioned breeding. My issue is the stuff I've read about DNA from *insects* being put into *plants*, or, as someone else mentioned, Monsanto making Round-Up Ready crops whose seeds farmers can't save and that cross-pollinate with other farmers' crops (due to Monsanto being able to sue for "patent reasons"). Mixing two types of natural banana is no big deal, but the rest of it? That's another story.   Thanks for the awesome video and information! :)
I didn't think much about GMOs, but then I saw GMO advocates condescending to the laymen with the absurd line, "Selective breeding is a type of genetic modification, therefore you're ignorant if you don't want us directly playing with the DNA of your food!"  Plus since it turns out the GMO companies deliberately produce infertile seeds to keep farmers reliant on the GMO companies, it seems like pro-GMO is effectively the morally bankrupt position. Especially as GMO advocates will accuse their critics of not caring about feeding the hungry. That's openly immoral. Doing something bad, pretending you're not by conflating it with something good or neutral, and claiming the moral high ground over the people who are opposed to you doing something bad; that's a pretty pure form of evil.
I genuinely loved that banana in the sun test - it really showcased how well sunblock works, and that it's also not 100% effective.
You can use the gas to help ripen green tomatoes (alternatively picking the whole tomato plant and hanging it upside down is a method). Also here in Scotland the chocolate in banana was originally in tin (aluminium (aluminum)) foil and on a bonfire, decades before the deep fried mars bar was even conceived! It's bananas!
People being weird about GMO's is mainly just from the same camp as antivaxers etc. They don't even know what they all eat that are also technically GMO's but because they've been around since forever, they don't care. It's the same people that'll be scared of hearing dihydrogen monoxide whilst drinking a glass of fucking water x'D Can GMO's be used in a bad way, yea absolutely. The same way someone can drink too much water and it can kill you. But if it's used correctly, it can literally save lives. All those people scared of desiger babies whilst ignoring what good it can actually do like spotting certain diseases. Stop whining about what your right wing preacher said this time and actually face the facts. You can't escape GMO and you don't have to. Just rightfully demonstrate against the bad usage of it.
I’d be interested to see the leaf in banana in water with a better cutting (one with a nice node) but I have a feeling it would still just rot.
Is 100 billion bananas a lot? Divide by world population of around 8 billion and it's only, like, 12 bananas per person. I definitely eat more than 1 banana a month, so there must be an awful lot of people who don't eat them at all.
Dave is the best. A scientist and a curmudgeon = power couple.
People who are against GMO are basically never people who actually understand it.  For me, I may be worried about a particular modification. But to fear or hate GMO as a whole is backwards, outdated and dangerous thinking.
I'd love to see an update on the progress of the cavendish bananas and the GMO solution.  I don't have a problem EATING GMO foods at ALL. I believe the food is just as safe, if not SAFER, than eating non-GMO foods (depending on the purpose of the GMO--it's just as safe or safer, not less safe, for EATING).  My concern is the parallel between humans being OVER-prescribed antibiotics and, for example, creating a GMO banana. TOO much protection in humans led to NATURALLY modified, STRONGER bacteria. Our solution was to stop giving antibiotics for everything. I worry about this happening to the diseases killing off crops. Will GMOs cause a disease affecting the non-GMO version to "get more sophisticated and nasty and harder to treat" in the GMO version?  I don't know. I'm not a scientist. Me drawing this parallel could be ENTIRELY misplaced. I'd love to hear why I'm right, wrong, or a little of both.
The best bananas are ones where the skin has gone super thin but the banana itself is still firm. I don't know how to get them to that state consistently, and I don't know if that's my fault or the bananas' - maybe it's just different cultivars?
I would rather eat the GMO banana then not have them at all.
just freeze them
"Perhaps move out of the sun(?)" Oh, no no. That would make sense.
The thing with GMO is that is not longer mixing orange with cidrus to make lemos, it's more like mixing rice with bacterial DNA to make it have more vitamin A and be more yellow (golden rice example) and somethinmes it can not mix up well but they are supposed to make research and test to see that it doesn't randomly mutates into something harmful like going back to do bacterial natural toxines, for that years of research are safer but production and money wise waiting is not good. so the debate is that some want to plant and distribute their GMO crop right away and others say it doesn't have enough research to make sure it doesn't make something waky
"It's just for entertainment purposes!"  Spreading dangerous lies is not justified for this.
brown bananas are not stale but ripe.  if the banana is yellow it is unripe.
I love Dave so MUCH! Just the Purest Human being 😂
We dont have any food to get picky about it being gmo or not. To begin with, all the current breeds of fruits and vegetables were slectively corssbreeded by people over centuries to be "more" edible. Gmo is just the version that doesnt require generations of wasted time. People who get fussy about gmo need to check their privilege. Theres no such thing as "wild" fruits and vegetables
Thank you for keeping it real
How YouTube doesn’t care about any misinformation other than that about covid—or what they consider to be misinformation. What a funny company.
Wow. Great video! So much helpful information. Also, I had no idea there were bananas with seeds
I reckon it’s a failed meme about banana boat sun screen products.
Just looking at that wild banana made me sick.
Love your show. Molecular biologist here. Etilen gas has a known effect of ripening fruts and is prodused within the whole frut. The gas is vaporous, so it will vapor withing the cells and room.
Poor dave
If I can keep eating Bananas, dna can be changed in plants with pollen so how is that any different?
We need more varieties of banana. The big mike bananas need a comeback.
Wrapping the bananas is like internet Chinese whispers, what was said at the beginning is so different than the end! It's a little funny honestly
I have a yellow banana bag which I keep in the fridge, stays fresh for a couple of weeks
All plant foods are GMO. We've been modifying crops since humans first started farming.
My mom had a scare with a form of melanoma a few years ago, I wanna say she was 49 or 50. Thankfully the docs were able to remove the area of skin before anything spread and testing proved it was benign but still it was scary stuff. You gotta protect your skin folks
I really loathe the anti-GMO sentiment. All of our food is genetically modified.  Your only real options are these:  Eat food that was genetically modified over millennia or centuries through selective breeding and hybridization by people who didn't _really_ understand what they were doing, and are rendered safe simply by many generations of people not suffering or dying because of the ones that were successful.  Eat food that was genetically modified over months or years by laboratories that know _exactly_ what they're doing and why, that are rendered safe by (hopefully) rigorous scientific testing.  That's it. There is no other food, unless you want to subsist only on hunted game and foraged wild plants.  If you _truly_ don't want to eat food that's been genetically tampered with by humans in one way or the other, then an ear of corn would look like a blade of grass with an extra-large seed inside... 'cause that's what corn was before we modified it.  Actually, as we got better and better, and more conscious of _what_ we were doing, with the old method of hybridizing and selectively breeding our food plants and animals, we've created some truly unfortunate results, such as most modern tomatoes being very pretty and almost tasteless, and devoid of a lot of the micronutrients you can find in heirloom varieties. Now, with direct genetic editing, we're starting to put _back_ the flavor and nutrition that we took away by faffing about without as much direct understanding.  I don't understand why people are against GMOs. I can only assume, based on most of the erroneous trends and tropes from the 20th century, that at some point lobbyists and politicians on the take were involved... just like the SAD, the war on fat rather than carbs that's created the pandemics of obesity and diabetes, the war on salt, the war on aspartame, the war on drugs... America likes wars. All the wars.
That's bananas!
Meh... erasable ink on the banana... seems too high-effort for one of these content farms. ;) BUT, you replicated it rather well, so there we go then. lol   I thought I was being smart guessing it was just reversed footage. You know, take a perfectly fine banana, apply excess heat and it browns quickly, and then just run the footage back. But I guess even applied heat would take longer than just a few seconds.
I didn't know that a single sunburn is so dangerous
Ann, you should be a college professor.  You always explain things in ways that anyone can understand.  As a fellow scientist, however; I have to really say that I appreciate your attention to details, the level and depth of your research and of  course your poor husband who always willingly eats your debunked crafts!  LOL!  As for GMO, I have no problem with them because sometimes these favorable mutations happen naturally in nature anyway.  So what if we intervene and introduce these mutations ourselves?  The banana industry is in peril due to this disease and I fully support efforts to mitigate it.
Actually on the island of Crete in the Aegean Sea, there are bananas growing, half the size of those from the tropics.
I might be a lunatic, but I actually don't like banans, when they are not at least 1/4 brown. The peel, not the banana inside.
Samba bananas are super delicious
Food has always been genetic modified.  Our foods we eat today didn't look the same in the Medieval times.
Someone tell Matpat he didn´t have to destroy his back....
Why did you put sun cream it is sun screen
Can’t wait for my cookbook to arrive in mail! Ordered today!!!:)
I used to live by a truck driver that told how when he was bringing ing a truck load of bananas that they were all green and the company that owned them had him take them to some place that gassed them to ripen them...Which I never knew whether it was true or not... but it appears he was spot on.    I hadn't heard of most of these hacks... was always told if you wanted to make them last longer to put them in a bag with kitty litter in it to absorb as much ethelyne glycol as possible from them.
Dave's just fantastic! - Eat this! OK, munch munch munch... BTW What am I actually eating? Banana peel? You know that even monkeys know to throw that away?
banana-boat, na na na nah
Am I the only person who actually prefers their bananas when they’ve gone brown, sweet and squishy??😝
Hi Ann!  I've been living in Cambodia for 9 years and this has baffled me, why is the world so set on Cavendish regardless its risks of getting wiped out? In Cambodia we've got several different species of bananas. KH: Check Pong Moan (EN: Chicken egg banana) [lat. Musa Aromatica, later debunked to be Lady Finger Banana] is the sweetest one, then there is a species that isn't as sweet and fragrant as Check Pong Moan, but good for eating as is or cooked into deserts etc. The species with largest hands looks really nice on a buddhist altar (often completely green), but I've never seen those consumed nor yellowing. Some BBQ joints serve raw, sliced banana to be eaten with the meat (the raw banana slices have really firm flesh that is fused to the peel and tastes extremely bitter.)  I'd love to send you any footage you need for a banana 2024 revamp. :D Couldn't find any contact so let's hope you read comments on 3-year old videos. <3  Love your videos! Kindly, Arttu (Pitou)
how about in a plastic bag in the fridge... 🤔
ffs, gmo have existed since humankind domesticated crops like corn, wheat and others. the only difference is that now we can aim to what propierty we want to achieve with the gene exchange. obviously that´s no reason to exterminate native plantation since in there lies the natural variability we want to preserve in the species
The banana is not my favorite fruit. In fact I hate bananas. I had to force myself to eat them because I always thought that I was low in potassium. I used to get a lot of leg and the doctor always said to eat bananas. But I never really liked them and I tried them all kinds of ways even Frozen and I just can't stand them. Just smelling them makes me nauseous
We did chocolate banana as a kid in the 80s, wrap it in foil and throw it on the grill or in the camp fire. I did some googling and find plenty of recepies with variations in swedish, I can understand if it never really caught on in australia.
So GMO of one banana to another kind of banana is probably just fast-tracking nature.  It's a very different thing from splicing in a fish gene to a plant.   In nature and throughout farming history, we have crossed various types of grains, fruits, veggies, flowers to get different varieties.  This is artificially done, but not what I traditionally think of as GMO.
For the algorithm
I friggin LOVE plantains. Tostones, roasted sweet plantain, as well as mufungo, and crunchy plantain chips. Yum! As for sweet bananas, I love them in desserts. My favorite is Bananas Foster, though a REALLY CLOSE second place is Banoffee Pie. Jesus God, that is a tasty dessert. I never get it here. You're the only video on this kind of thing that was truthful that I have seen.
Do a video on the 5-minute hacks that DO work please
the roots on the plant look like the stringy parts of the banana or some string.
I want to eat mutant fruit
Donkey Kong approves.
Why would anyone think you can de-ripen a piece of fruit? I don't get why people make all of these nonsense videos are made?
Let’s cook it up and give it to Dave to try😂
Sorted Food actually had a gadget video with some little pads that are supposed to absorb ethylene gas to slow fruit from going bad, which did nothing for them at all. In fact, it looked like their control bowl without a pad was better off at the end.
Ρεζίλι γίναμε στο εξωτερικό
give that banana scientist a raise
Loved this vid, but “cooked bananas are no good” - whaaa? Slice a firm, barely ripe, just out of green banana lengthwise into 4-5 slices. Fry them in butter until they brown nicely, getting barely darkish brown at the edges. Somehow that develops the sugars until they are like candy, which is why they were my favorite dessert as a kid. They can even develop little caramelly bits if you get them just right, yum.
Hey Ann! This is Ananya from India. There is a saying in Bengali that banana is an incredible plant, one of which we use everything, from stems to leaves, the roots that are used for toothaches, and of course the fruit. So there is no part of Banana that us Indians and Bengalis throw away. The leaves are used as serving dishes, ine that's very eco friendly and can be used as a substitute for plates. We also use the leaves to cook dishes, like the famous "Bhekti or Ilish macher Paturi". The stems and the flowers are used in many dishes. The stems are called "thor" in bengali and the flowers are called "mocha". As for the fruit, we cook it and make incredible dishes when raw and of course eat it as it is, when ripe and sweet. As of the Banana peel Bengalis actually have a banana peel recipe! We mash the skins of raw or green bananas into a pasta and cook it with spices into a dish that we eat with rice. It's known as "kacha kola khoshar bata" in Bengali. If you search it up on Youtube you would find plenty of Bengali recipes for the dish.
GMO is only bad when it’s used to make plants tolerate fungicides or pesticides that can have downstream effects on consumers. In instances like this where the problem is a fungus and the solution is to make the plant resistant to the fungus itself I can’t see much of a downside.
Using banana peel as sunscreen is a great idea! It'll have you looking as fresh and healthy as a month-old banana 🍌
gros michels still exist, so couldn't they make those resistant to panama disease too?
I was today years old when this cooking channel taught me how erasable pens work, and blew my mind
You have to love the attitude, it probably is not good to eat, it may have pesticides, but let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try lol!!
I’m going to call banana peels “banana packaging” from now on.
I truly thought she was going to just lay the banana peel across her face and I thought well I guess that would block the sun. 🤣
That image of the banana with the large seeds needs a trigger warning 😂😂😂
Zombie banana is cool 10:52
I wonder if they could GMO gros michel bananas to be resistant to disease too.       Cos I’ve heard that artificial banana flavouring is based off of those bananas not the cavendish. And I think trying the old flavour would be really cool
I have a tomato plant in my yard that produces a lot, but the tomatoes usually have a hard time of getting completely red by themselves. So I always put tomatoes in a brown paper bag with a ripe banana, it’s turns the tomatoes from green to red everytime ❤😊
In Kindergarden one girl said butter is a perfect sun protection... afterwards I smelled like rancid butter and got badly sunburned... I still think the butter made it even worse. 😅
Has Dave ever said no? 😁
The roots stuck onto the aloe look similar to the roots of my echeveria gem succulents
Banana plants are literally clones of eachother, you cant plant them.  Therefore there isnt a banana you can buy from the store that isnt a GMO
On the GMO issue, I am not opposed as long as the genetic origins are revealed for every change, so if the GMO bananas are identified as being modified with genes from another species of banana, I am ok. I think Roundup has a lot to answer for in terms of people being anti-GMO. Also I am leery because I have multiple food allergies. I need to know what is in the food I eat. For example, supposedly highly refined soybean oil is safe for me (I am allergic to soy), but the hives I get the day after tell a very different story.
The reason the banana thing was bad for plants is because most plants actually don't like lots of water being constantly on their roots. They get a disease called root rot. Plants usually prefer moist soil, not drenched. It can also happen if they're in a pot that doesn't drain so they're in a swamp, but since a banana has a lot of water in it, putting a plant directly into it is bad for it.
3:38 lol you can clearly see where they attached the roots, they are not even trying to hide the knot
GMOs are generally a great tool and this is a great example of how we can use them. The real issue at play here is that modern agriculture is highly dependent on monocultures and a few optimized breeds of both plants and animals and this makes it extremely vulnerable to both disease and environmental change. Agriculture needs to become more diverse and start incorporating modern knowledge about ecosystems in order to become more sustainable. At the same time this fungi demonstrates the importance of leaving land wild and uncultivated, we were only able to find a solution by borrowing the genetic diversity of wild nature but what if next time the piece of jungle with the resistent plant has been cut down?  GMOs like anything else are a tool and are not inherently bad or good, at their worst they can prop up unsustainable agriculture but at their best they can be part of a sustainable future and combat famine and climate change itself.
I'm not surprised that hominids like bananas worldwide.
10:41 in Brazil they cook banana peels
Is there anything that we eat that isn't GMO???
You are so sweet to even try to reason the bananna peel hack and entertain the idea that they could get ideas from scientific papers 😂😊
They will probably figure out how to suppress seed production in bananas to keep flesh edible. Possibly irradiated like mandarin oranges are done commercially.
This episode is…. bananas 😎
I often cut bananas open and put chocolate or brown sugar and nuts in then cook them on an open fire and its quite good
why don't they put the panama resistant gene into the big mike banana?
My husband and I used farm bananas in South Africa. We had Cavendish mostly, but because of the Panama problem, which was not in our area, but was in an area fairly close by, we started planting a variety called Williams, which was resistant to Panama.  These we purchased from the University in Pietermaritzburg, where they were propergated by cell culture. The only drawback was that the plants were very tall and it was difficult to harvest the bunches, which weigh an average of 25kilos, including the stem. I wonder if the variety you were talking about  is a Williams, or a newer variety. In South Africa, at that time, if Panama was found on your plantation, it was the law that your plantation had to be replanted with another crop, which went a long way towards containing the problem.  Sadly, though, a lot of farmers did go bankrupt.  It is very expensive to replant an entire plantation.
Do we still have bananas 🍌
I know I'm two years late, but this is my opinion on GMOs: insulin is a GMO, the cure for Hep C is a GMO, and the bacteria that eat oil spills are a GMO. I could make a list that has thousands upon thousands of items that people don't realize are GMOs. GMOs are not deadly and don't affect our health at all. It is basically just taking an organism and changing one tiny part of one tin protein. It has nothing to do with anything that can harm you. People are ridiculous sometimes.
Putting a banana in the fridge makes the banana go brown FASTER?! Woah. And thank you. I don’t eat a lot of bananas, obviously, so I’ll know what to do now if I do bring a banana home.  But being facetious. I really didn’t note that and I’m really going to keep it in mind. ❤ thank you❤ Wrote too early. At end of the video you added the tip about the skins color and ripeness and such, with the differences between appearances and edibility. Thanks for clarifying!!!!
And now the Reardon family's going to eat banana bread for a month
Love your especially deep Deep dive here, following the links back to, an avocado?   Speaking of citrus, while it doesn’t change anything, I am reminded of another obscure reference, from a period where the science (the name of the gas) wasn’t so important:  “Suds In Your Eye” (series, 6 books) by Mary Lasswell, in I believe the first book, from 1943, in San Diego where the story takes place.  Here, three old women move in together to deal with noxious family and homelessness in the face of inflated war housing prices.  One character, Mrs. Rasmussen, is a great cook and is forever finding ways to stretch a war-penny, and in one bit of advice she says to put wax at the stem end of a grapefruit, then store them in a cool, dry place, not touching each other and they’ll “keep forever”.  No doubt, the ethylene here serves the same purpose as with the avocados, to signal time to separate from the tree, but hey!  Also, I don’t think your Aussie example of genetically modified bananas to get past Panama disease is a bad example of GMO, it parallels grafting English walnuts onto black walnut root stock here in Ca as English walnut trees can’t grow in our soil.  GMO nasties are Cargill and Monsanto genetically modifying plants grown in monoculture not so they can produce more food or deal with warmer weather but instead to stand up to Cargill and Monsanto pesticides used on those fields;  then the farmer is also contractually bound to buy ONLY C or M seed stock as well.
I thought the banana top being wrapped up was because that’s how they packaged it in stores so that’s how we should store it at home too
I find it funny how most of the people who are anti-GMO are the ones walking around with dog breeds that wouldn't naturally occur
Thank you, amazing vid
14:18
The reason we had the Gros Michel, was that it was the first banana to be hybridized to a degree of getting rid of the seeds. AND every plant was raised from a cutting, so they were all CLONES of that original. Later, when the first mold/blight destroyed them, the world scrambled and managed to hybridize the Cavendish to diminish the seeds (because it had them, too... AND eventually we rebuilt an economy on them, even though we gave up the flavor of the Gros Michel... AND exactly like the Gros Michel, the Cavendish bananas of today are clones, raised from cuttings of the original plants developed in a small operation...       AND I was concerned that we'd just move to the next variety that would be resistant or immune to this blight/mold EXACTLY as we had last time... It's somewhat refreshing to see that a positive (at least for the moment) result seems to be happening with a modification to the Cavendish, and a new strain of Cavendish might at least prop up the bananas...       I wonder how much that's going to cost the producers, and who's going to suffer between stock-holders in the industrial farms, the employees who are almost never treated well, and the consumers who very rightly throw fits over the outrageous costs of food versus their own income that never seems to rise with the so-called "inflation" so constantly blamed with the price gouging that carries on worldwide with every suspiciously artificial crisis whether it's related or not...        As to my own reservations on GMO's... I don't trust the likes of Monsanto, 3M, Dupont or any of the monopoly-driven industrialists who are big enough and with deep enough pockets to do anything with all the patent rights they can procure for every new GMO strain they can develop...        Yeah, okay, in the old days, crops were modified by selective breeding and planting practices. It was fine for farmers to just keep a reserve of seeds from their fields on hand, instead of selling out ALL their inventory at harvest time. Certain fruits, vegetables, and grains (especially) were stocked and held for the following year, and through winters and into early spring, those seeds were specifically sought out, treated as needs be, dried and then sewn during the appropriate part of planting season... Seedmills were even an invention to help advance the ease of doing exactly that, well into the 20th century...         Now, Monsanto's pretty notorious about it, but all the seed giants that have hybrids and new strains have specifically targeted farmers from the "old school" who work HARD to maintain their own stocks and reserves for every planting season. From suing them outright for "theft of intellectual property" because nobody can stop the bees or winds from cross pollenating one field with material from another, and the industrialists absolutely can NOT leave subsistance or any other kind of "competitor" alone... ALL THE WAY to actually outright attacking, threatening, and committing VIOLENCE on these people to stop them from using the seedmills.        OH YEAH, GMO's in this one instance are helping preserve a LOT of jobs on industrial farms where employees are thankful to be overworked, underpaid, treated like garbage, and threatened with their already meager wages to be docked for taking too many breaks so they sh*t in the g** d*** fields. HOOORAAAY!      Don't tell me you wondered how E. Coli (which is found in OUR OWN intestines naturally) keeps contaminating lettuce and other leafy greens...        BUT historically, they've been marketed as "the great future of pest resistant crops for everybody" by the Corporates, while the ACTUAL results are farmers being driven entirely out of business and off their land over something they OUTRIGHT REFUSED to buy or participate in... Why??? So the stockholders can get even MORE that they don't deserve... A family farm operated by pure sweat and old-school methods simply isn't ALLOWED to be viable... It doesn't profit the giants and their stockholders through New York, so they gotta go... AND GMO's WILL PUSH THAT WAY.         Eat up! Enjoy! When that piece of asparagus costs your soul, don't bitch at me...   ;o)
I've always wondered what 'wild bananas' are like, thankyou.
I really thought the zombie banana thing was that it was played backwards and the heat made the yellow banana black bc I know that happens when you put it in the oven
"you can eat it but whether you would want to eat it is another thing, let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try" 😂😂😂😂 Ann on literally every video 😂
Yes use sunscreen, yes cover up but please... Do. Not. Wear. Black. When it's 40°C outside. I can guarantee you will faint, my eyes have seen a lot of that. 🥲
I'm not against GMO itself, more against the combination of soil treatments that leave the land barren to all plants except a certain GMO ones and then copyrighting those seeds effectively making that land useless to everyone except the copyright holders. I find that combination very dangerous. GMO to combat food shortage - yes, GMO to create a possible food monopoly and control - no.
There's so many different types of bananas that people need to taste. The problem is getting them out of their comfort zone.
I always learn something here, thank you for all the research and work you do!! <3 from Seattle :)
do you have a parrot?
If anyone has old brown bananas, I highly highly recommend making a batch of banana bread😋 it’s one of my favorite desserts, and you won’t be wasting bananas!
Making a food better for humans, is a good thing.
That banana with chocolate inside is better if you wrap it in foil and cook it in the embers of a fire.
I Just found this, you must research about bananas from the canary island, i am from spain and is the variety that we mostly consume and is resistant to the Panama desease. It's also better, smaller, swetter and more yellow 🫶
question.. why dark in colour is dark absorbs heat etc. but light colours (white) reflect light and heat  ( 6:23 )
GMO scaremongering is utterly preposterous, and i assume the people who dont like gmos don't understand the insane human engineering that went into maize, even before europeans came to call
A teacher of mine once said a few parents asked her if crushing cookies made them healthier. She, thinking that was hilarious, said "oh absolutely"  A few months later, some parents throw a birthday party for one of the kids in the classroom with cookies and sure enough, they've all been dutifully crushed. The teacher never had the heart to explain to them
i love ann
Used to love those chocolate banannas but never in a bowl in a microwave used to take then camping and we would cut them open slot in chocolate wrap then in tinfoil then chuck them in a fire rested in some embers, really nice and warm camoing pudding or breakfast
Most of the fruits and veggies we eat are gmo. People need to do more research and understand that gmo does not equal bad.
What scientific tests (unassociated with big pharma)  proved without a doubt that a sunburn during childhood doubles the chance of skin cancer?!  I am 74 years old.  During my childhood I spent most of my time outside when not in school. And, for several years lived in high altitudes. Having spent 4 years in the Navy during Vietnam I spent much time in harsh sun. I have never used sun screen even once in my life, never!!  I do not nor have I ever gotten skin cancer.  Neither have my siblings or friends who also spent their childhoods outside without sunscreen.   Most of my friends are farmers and have spent more than 50 years in the hot sun working their fields without sunscreen.  Guess what, no skin cancer.  Are you a spokes representative for big pharma?!  STOP WITH YOUR WRONG INFORMATION.  You need to be reported!
I don't like saying changing the color of a banana makes it a diseased moster, especially with the pandemic.
Literally every food is genetically modified. Heck, your dogs and cats are genetically modified. A part of genetic modification is selective breeding for desirable traits. The bananas that we consume, the Cavendish, are drastically different from other wild bananas. The seeds are almost entirely gone, the peel is softer, and most of them are basically clones of one another. This is from taking the ancestor of these bananas, seeing what we liked, and inbreeding them till we got what we wanted. All delicious without any hard seeds to crack your teeth against. Basically maximizeing what you can eat, and minimizing what you can’t, aka turning it into a crop through genetic modification. Comparing a banana that hasn’t been turned into a crop with a crop banana is like looking at entirely different plants, like all crops and dogs. Selective breeding takes years and years, gmos are basically the same process but sped up in a lab with modern tech.  GMOs aren’t going to kill you, they aren’t going to twist your dna like your dog isn’t going to. What will harm you and your local ecosystems are the literal chemical poisons we call pesticides. Which are actually twisting the biology of local wildlife. And actually endangering our entire planet. But we don’t want to talk about that. Just how people don’t like that their tomato’s are larger than 5 years ago, and it didn’t take decades.
GMO feeds the world. It is not bad, in fact nearly everything marked non-GMO was modified many generations ago and are now excepted as the standard to not modify. Heritage plants and seeds will produce a crop that looks nothing like the non-GMO cash crops of today’s farmers. It was done to make plants disease  resistant so that the farmer uses less chemicals in productions. That brings us to whether we want GMO or heavily laced chemical  non-GMO crops. GMO wins hands down.
Honestly, if you want to propagate a plant from a leaf(which is possible!), just stick it in a glass of water in light.  It works well with pothos, which is what I’m assuming is the plant shown there, but it works with a lot of other plants.
the chocolate in the banana hack is an actual thing! When my girl scout troupe would go camping, we would peel part of the banana, put chocolate and marshmallows (and sprinkles and whatever else you want) in the banana, put the peel back on and wrap it up in foil. Then you stick it in the fire for a few minutes and pull it out. It's a great alternative for when you don't want to eat smores for the third day in a row!
16:42 before all of that was my great grandma, she told my grandma, who told my mum, who told me, to wrap newspaper around the top of the bananas we brought because that would make them last longer 😂😂
OMG!!! "do we trust her....its been a long year"  HAHAHAHA I SPIT my coffee out Dave!! rofl
10:42 😂🤣
3:14 😢
2:52 poor plant
❤❤❤❤
We grow Bananas in Australia
ROFL!  "Let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try."
I think that the GMO conversation is often one that lacks subtlety. Technically all forms of agriculture engage in genetically modifying plants. Historically, the process was done in a field, rather than a lab, by those choosing which plants to continue to propagate. What the gentleman has done with the bananas can be considered a positive thing. When seeds are modified to a point where they are changed in size, texture and no longer have flavor or the same level of nutritional value but look lovely, that is a serious problem. Truthfully, I believe the concept of GMOs should be handled on a case by case basis. Intention and affect on those that eat these foods should absolutely matter. There are so very many negative things that have been done with and to our food that GMOs are boogeymen now. There is good reason behind that reputation. But context is hugely important as well.
the leaf was from a banana plant btw
I wonder if they could apply that modification to the Gros Michel and bring them back.
We dehydrate any fruit that starts to spoil or might even look it. My husband and kid love dehydrated bananas and strawberries.
Lmao... it seems like putting banana on as sunscreen made the beads even darker as though they n were potentiating the uv. Thats wild.
Idk, my parents made milkshakes from "zombie bananas." You just need blender, milk and a bit of sugar. If you also happen to have strawberries, even from a freezer will do, you won't taste the overripe banana.  Personally I prefer the barely ripe ones tho, almost completly yellow, but still a bit green.
Actually the banana peel can be really delicious. There are lots of vegan recipes using it, we can basically eat the fruits and vegetables in their wholeness (of course there are exceptions). There is pumpkin seeds snacks, potatoes fried peels... I like using jabuticaba (don't know how they're called in English) and grapes in their wholeness for jams... So it doesn't need to be hard times, just a matter of knowing how to prepare them :D (absolutely not the way the "hack" showed ofc)
18:55 I will say that having apples out always helps other fruit in the fruit bowl at home ripen faster.
Can you show us some real hacks you've discovered supported by science
In order to get new foods before genetic manipulation was available food plants were exposed to ionizing radiation. This produced thousands of genetic mutations in the plant, those that were suitable for cultivation were preserved and cultivated along with thousands of unknown genetic alterations of unpredictable consequences. So a human manipulation of one gene is bad but we've been eating random radiation induced mutations of unknown quality and quality for for years without even realizing it. But hey frankenfood bad.
I didn't realise Dale's group had plants in the field already. That's great news!
I can't believe how many times I have linked people onto this video.  People still want to believe in all of their "banana hacks" over science!  Thank you for correcting the record on this and the GMO debate.
I like eating bananas when they are still a little green.  When they get really ripe I’ve started to make banana bread with them so I don’t waste a banana.
The chocolate banana thing was a BBQ treat when I was a child in Sweden (may still be popular today, I have no idea), except we just made a simple slit, stuffed it with smarties, wrapped it up in tin foil, and threw it on the grill. Especially good with vanilla ice cream, but not necessary. Today I live with a woman with a hatred for warm fruit. Woe is me.
Clicking a link now, in an article that is several years old, and showing it leads to a 404 does a great disservice to the article. Instead, you should use something like the wayback machine to see if those old urls existed in addition to just clicking the link. This is because sites migrate and links change, and some things get removed or moved to completely different link structures. Unless it is a doi, don't expect a link from 10 years ago to still work fine.  The first link is to a paper, better referenced by its DOI: 10.1016/S0925-5214(03)00103-0 This did not discuss ethylene, and instead was focused on polyphenol oxidase and phenylalanine ammonia lyase in banana peel. But it did have references which discussed ethylene.  The second is a link to NSW department of education and training on the completely different topic of enzymatic browning of apples.  The third provides perhaps the best way to keep bananas fresh (indirectly). It describes how the production of ethylene degrades chlorophyll and results in the fruit ripening, and that bananas are harvest immature, and they are treated with ethylene shortly before being shipped to stores to induce ripening. So if instead we bought immature bananas and treated them with ethylene ourselves, that would help with keeping them "fresh".
here's the reason why i typically don't *hate* anti gmo talk: Monsanto. this company is evil. straight up evil. they copyright their seeds, then they plant crops in a way that they are almost certain to spread in the wind. THEN they are about to seize any farmland that happened to grow some of those copyrighted seeds! horrendous what they are doing to privately owned and/or sustainable farming practices.
I am definitely in favor of GMOs in this usage. Especially if the modified plant is not gate-kept for profit of one company or country but access is freely given to the people of the world. After all, it’s to avert the mass death of a plant that we all want to keep alive do we can benefit from its food. I’m also in favor of GMOs developed to promote crop diversity and biodiversity, potentially protect native plants, increase nutrition of existing foodstuffs, cultivate food in places where we couldn’t before to combat hunger and improve local community resilience, etc. I go get a bit sad when GMO crops are used as a tool for one for-profit company to monopolize a market or keep their customers locked-in to repurchasing only from them, prevent farmers from propagating their plants, etc.
This is why it's so important that we're all learning proper information from reputable sources about GMOs. People talk about genetically-modified food as if it's necessarily bad for us and the environment, but that couldn't be further from the truth. Many foods are modified to make them more resistant to fungus and pests, meaning the crops need fewer pesticides and anti-fungal chemicals, and less back-breaking work for the farmers. Some can also be made to thrive with less water, so that's good. Others can be grown in poorer-quality soil or different environments, and with larger crop yields, hopefully meaning less deforestation. A type of rice has been modified to have vitamin A, meaning a lot less deficiency in communities that previously may not have had access to vitamin A-rich foods. GMOs have so much potential if there is proper regulation and oversight.
3:35 idk if anyone pointed out but the aloe “roots” on the 5MC video look a hell of a lot like threads or something, more than roots at least. Maybe thats what they are.
A monstera deliciousa (along with most aroids) can't grow roots from their leaves. In order to grow roots, they need a node/aerial root.
As a Californian, I love how serious Australians are about sunscreen and sun protection, there's such a culture of tanning and being out in the sun here but as someone who can't tan and has been hiding behind the highest SPF I can find, it's always frustrating seemingly being the only one in a group trying to avoid the sun
little-known fact they shipped the banana while it is still green so by the time it reaches the store it's at that perfect color that's why you see so many green banana on the shelf
I think the banana beads actually end up darker than the control group, which has some interesting implications about just how bad this advice is
My goodness, this is good. Educational and entertaining. ❤
lady youre a food scientist. you KNOW gmo food is a moral neutral.   gmo is just a tool. it can be used for good, and it can be used for bad.
My mom makes banana bread when we have super ripe bananas. Sometimes banana bread muffins.
My neighbours keep about 3 or 4 bananas in a cool box/esky. They put 2 ice packs on the bottom and then lay a teatowel over them. Then, put the bananas on top and change the ice packs each day. This has worked so well for me....
the monstera leaf one could not work because there is no 'eye' out of which a root could grow. but then again just.. grow it in water? so much easier
When bananas in our house start going soft, they either become cake, or I peel and freeze them for smoothies. Actually all fruit I will freeze for smoothies if it's not going to be eaten before going too soft
I don’t know why people don’t like GMO food. My father had us all eat non-GMO foods, but he never gave a good explanation as to why. It’s the same thing as eating things that are labeled “natural.” I think my father once said it causes cancer, but I’m not too sure that’s even true cuz I hear no one talk about such thing
Also, to anyone reading this now, if you ever have over-ripe bananas you can put them in the freezer and when you have enough you can make banana bread, smoothies, or other stuff like that. They are Really good for it.
When I was a child in the 1950s, it was the custom to always peel the banana, and then to cut off the top and the bottom of the banana inside. This was because it was believed that insects laid their eggs in both ends of the peel, especially fruit flies. Interestingly enough, I recently saw a newer article which discussed that going on today!
At 16:55, Ann showed that Lifehacker article and that it directed readers to go to the wilgubeast site for more info, but she didn’t read the full sentence. It actually says, “…wilgubeast links a number of papers on the topic AT THE LINK BELOW…” She clicked the three links within the secure, but ignored the link plainly shown below the article. I found this Lifehacker article and the link Ann ignored. That link works and it’s in English.   I’m not saying I care one way or the other about wrapping bananas stems, I’m saying it bothered me that such a thorough investigator as Ann would have overlooked that link.
obviously the purpose was to make a banana pepper 😆
We put up bananas in the refrigerator... The outsides will still turn brown, the insides are fine, but the reason we put it in the refrigerator is to keep those pesky fruit flies away.
Not sure if it was mentioned yet, but regarding the banana disease, this is the reason why banana flavoring doesn't really taste like bananas. It was based on the kind of banana that was pretty much wiped out (on an export level at least) and the new (well current) type tastes different.   I always wondered why they never made flavoring based on the current type. Or maybe they did and it was just not a thing where I lived.
Can you IMAGINE if panama disease wipes out the untouched cavendish banana population and all that’s left is the GMO breed? I wonder how many anti-GMO people would suddenly decide to make an exception if that occurred.
Even monkeys peel bananas 😂😂
Awesome video!
My house is pretty cold in the winter and bananas take forever to ripen. Maybe store them in a cold spot to preserve them a bit longer?
Your fridge is just 3 degrees? Why? My fridge is 6 degrees, which saves tons of energy (good for the climate and saves money; as you need 5% more energy per one degree less temperature). 6 degree is cold enough to keep your food fresh for over a week and if you plan to keep food way longer than that, you need to freeze it anyway as then even a fridge at 2 degrees wouldn't do the trick then. Note that the temperature you set, 6 degree in my case, is only the average temperature, so it will be lower at the bottom (around 4-5) and higher at the top (around 6-8) and even more in the door area (8-10, which keeps butter spreadable and drinks drinkable directly from the fridge).
Cooked banana is not bad at all when done right. Peel the banana, cut it in half lengthwise. Heat up a pan, melt some butter in it and add some sliced almonds. When the almonds start to get some color, put in the banana halves, let them fry a bit in the butter, then cover everything with honey and make sure the honey gets heated up. Serve while still warm, combines very well with chocolate ice cream 😋
This is why I don’t have a YouTube channel, my husband doesn’t love me enough to eat bar b qued banana peel!🥹
banamba
You could put barbecue sauce on shreds of paper and it would taste alright.
Someone call simplynailogical
Even monkeys peel bananas! LOL!
Ann you’re wrong for showing us that disgusting ass, black, seedy, banana! You just destroyed my life! Lol GROSS !!  🤮🤢🥴
Actually in my home we sometime make some spicy sauce like stuff using peels of unripe green bananas. Not due to scarcity of food. Just a rare tasty add on dish with lunch.
Shout-out to Dave not only for trying all of this sketchy food but also for making sure the videos have accurate captions, as someone who struggles with audio processing I really appreciate it
and apples yes tried and tested many times it helps ripen any vegetables that are near it
i still wonder what part of banana contain seeds... or they are all sterile?
20:26 The point of the experiment is to see if covering the stem affects ripening, but the setup of the test already assumes it doesn't. This means the results will be identical regardless of whether the stem affects it or not, completely invalidating the experiment
id like to mention dark materials will absorb the uv. instead wear light collored and flowy outfits. like yellow white pink ect. this will help keep you cool and because the light colors will bounce off the uv
I mean… older bananas make great banana bread so…
There’s a lot of misinformation about gmos, it would be a good topic for a video
"I know some of you are angrily typing in the comments already, don't let me interrupt you."  Gotta love that Mom Sass right there.
The bananas I buy from Trader Joe’s are wrapped on the tops. Thanks for your research and your excellent husband’s dedication to taste testing 🎉
My 2 grocery stores wrap the banana stems... or they came wrapped... I always assumed, to keep moisture in; sort of like when you place cut flowers in a moistened paper towel when taking over to a neighbor, etc.
The banana we are eating is actually Genetically modified and many other food stuff - corn, rice, wheat, etc. I once own a banana plantation and it is really difficult to maintain. But the ones I appreciate is that I employed people (thus people have work and income), that it also fed them and some animals in their farm (they make banana chips from rejected bananas), and feed the rest of the world. I actually left that business because it is very costly for me, especially being hit by Panama Disease. If people keep pushing back innovations on food production, then we are heading for some food shortage. GMO will give us better and enough food for everyone.
Love bananas.  I just buy the amount we are going to eat and eat them.  No stressing about storage at all!  A few years ago I heard a radio programme about the Cavendish banana problem and the presenter was given the chance of tasting some other varieties.  He found some examples he thought were better than Cavendish!  With regards to GM, I am not bothered at all.  We have jiggled with genes of fruit and vegetables for millennia by selective breeding.
I mean most foods are genetically modified just for us to be able to safely consume them
Waiting for the "legal" high banana peel hack
The GMO’s I worry about are the ones that have virus and bacteria genes spliced into them. Banana genes spliced into bananas? It’s just selective breeding with less steps.
My parents made me the chocolate banana when i was a kid! I still do it bc im used to it but i agree it's not very convenients because it gets rly hot. I still think it can be fun to make sometimes
Banana skins make perfect sun covers for starfish 😆 🤣
My husband's family does the banana🍌with chocolate🍫in the microwave trick but instead they just cut it open, put chocolate/marshmallows/sprinkles/whatever you would like in it, wrap it in tinfoil and then put it on the fire.  I didn't care for it but they love it🤷‍♀
Banana skins DO block UV rays... you just have to leave them on xD
People who are against genetically-modified food are ignorant and stupid, plain and simple. There's no getting around it with arguments of "personal preference," because it's the exact same situation as vaccines; it doesn't matter what a person _feels_ when they are objectively wrong. Genetically-modified crops are, by design, superior to unmodified ones in literally every possible way. They produce higher yield, use less space, take less resources, taste better, _and_ are more nutritious. Because you need less space, you need less trucks and tractors, which means less fuel consumption, and less pesticides, all of which is good for the environment. Because you produce higher yield using less resources, it's more efficient for farmers, and more food is available overall, meaning farmers benefit _and_ starvation is reduced. Without the benefits of genetically-modified crops, modern human society could not exist the way it does. There is absolutely _zero_ justification for being against it.
If you look at the "root" on the far left at 3:34 you can see it's string. You can easily see the texture of the string. They just faked the roots and stuffed them in a banana.
I feel like I only have an issue with GMOs if they truly aren't necessary. Saving an entire species seems pretty necessary to me.
Do you have a bird? What is that beep type sound in the background when you're talking about the results of banana tests?? I paused my video 4 times trying to figure out what was outside my window! Lol
Let's be honest, non-GMO protesting is such a first world problem! Just the gargantuan amount of people on the planet, don't even know what GMO means, for them it's a food source regardless of how scientists have modded it over the years. Their job is to keep the supply up by innovating new ways to protect large food sources, genetic modification the way they perform it is to maximize risk aversion so that most people don't go hungry. GMO has helped conserve agriculture and countless farmer economies, on a large scale, it benefits the populous greatly.
I love your videos!
I Think gmo foods are alright, sometimes we just dont have Any other option and that if also fine, and lots and lots of foods have been “bred” to look specific today and didn’t look at all like it would have done 100 of years ago. So there are both ups and downs to gmo - some fruits and vegetables would have tasted and looked completely different with perhaps less flesh like the early watermelon.
I think we have been modifying plants far longer than people think, maybe not in the same way but we have been doing it by splicing.  Here in the UK we splice apple trees, cherry trees and a few others.  Now I know it is not the same, it is more like a few steps further on.  As science advances so does our food production methods.
I don’t even like bananas, but I like Ann talking about food science more than enough to make up for it.
The apple trick is supposed to be for GREEN bananas, to make them ripen.  Those bananas were ALREADY RIPE so you actually were overripening and beginning the rot process.  How about testing with green bananas.  Love your videos!
GMO is fine as long as it is done properly and studied carefully
I'm thinking of that Christian that put a banana in his hand and said "look, it fits so well in the hand, it's so easy to peel, this is a good evidence for a god", and I'm like "yeaaaah .... a human made that banana."
A year later I’m coming back to say I have the DNA of a cavendish banana that I extracted during a lab so don’t worry guys if they start going extinct I have the DNA just incase 👍
Omg so the plant that is put in the banana is a monstera deliciosa. I really appreciate that you used the exact same species in your time lapse! The first time I saw the *fake* time lapse, I knew it wasn’t real because the mostera leaf only has a stem, without any node attached. As a house plant aficionado, I know that it is completely impossible for the stem to grow roots, since it doesn’t contain the proper undifferentiated cells that can grow roots. Anyways, good debunking without including the botany details!
13:44 To be honest, I made that too already... many years ago. In my youth we were in the forest and it was some kind of camp. Then we took Bananas, opened them like in the video and put pieces of chocolate in it. And then we put it somewhere near the fire we had. It was a fantastic dessert, no joke. It felt like a survival outdoor dessert. 😀 And later I repeated that dessert with my oven - it works very well. (When you like cooked Bananas of course. I really like them.) But to me that's not a "life hack" or anything, it was just a fantastic, easy and "adventurous" dessert for us kids in the camp. 🙂 P.S. It only works well with SWISS Chocolate... 😛
Not so fun fact: the old Banna we lost was the bases for banana flavouring and that's lost forever now🥲
I have no problems at all with eating GMO vegetables and fruit.  Genetic modification is at the cutting edge of the green revolution on which we all depend.
Putting bananas in the fridge is strange to me. Whenever I take them to work, if I put them in the fridge, they become black on the outside, but also the actual banana gets much softer as well. So, I've always kept them out of the fridge because, in my experience, they've ripened more slowly. Is anyone else just absolutely confused by what she said about this??
Use the wayback machine - I looked up those urls and it has archived copies
The heebie jeevies about GMO products is much ado about nothing. LIke you mentioned, the natural banana isn't palatable to us, so what did humans do? We genetically modified it. We didn't go in and change the genetics, but a farmer found a mutant plant that had little to no seeds and cultivated it. Same thing happened to apples and corn. Nothing we eat today has escaped the touch of humans messing with genetics. The idea that suddenly things are worse because we can now precisely edit the specific genes we want is lunacy.
I work at a Walmart and the bananas come to us with plastic wrapped around the top. I don't think these big suppliers would do that without reason.
i kind of wonder if we've been genetically modified? when i was a kid every time i turned around i would hiccup. all the kids would hiccup. brothers sisters neighbors kids. but today i noticed that i don't hiccup like i did as a child nor do i notice my kids and grandkids hiccuping like we used to do in the 1960s and 70s.
I have no problem with GMOs if that means that the food itself wouldn't exist without modification.
I think people's aversions to GMOs is very similar to the topic that was covered previously about people being averse to "chemicals" in food, even if that chemical is just the scientific name for baking soda. Nearly everything we eat has GMOs in some way. Crackers, cookies, cereals, condiments, etc, so many have GMOs somewhere in their processing. Even things like bread and pasta. And more often than not it's things like this where fruits have been genetically modified to have a longer shelf life or something has been modified in another way to make things better or more convenient for us. Personally I have nothing against GMOs in general - I eat oreos, a scientifically bigger apple isn't going to hurt me any more than an oreo is. But in this case not only does it safe a favored fruit, it saves the livelihood of so many people. When it's framed like that, the US's aversion to GMOs feels trivial, frivolous, and privileged. We so often take for granted that our grocery stores will just have the things we need and want, with little thought as to how they get there. If genetically modifying bananas keeps them in stores for everyone and keeps their farmers employed and fed, I say bring on the science.
It is not a "banana fridge" at 13°C that's called a cave, at least in temperate climate :P
As an American, I was happy every time you said bah-nah-nah (much more charming)
My concern about GMO is that I have a lot of allergies and I've heard that sometimes fish genes are added to tomatoes so that would mean not only the tomato is no longer vegetarian, but it can trigger a reaction in someone with a seafood allergy and it would be impossible to go shopping and pick produce if you don't know what extra genes are added to it from elsewhere.  I do think an answer to plant diseases is making countries grow more local heritage varieties of bananas rather than impose a monoculture of cavendish ones around the world as monocultures make the plant more vulnerable to disease and has a wider impact (even can become extinct).  That way, even if a disease does take hold in one variety, several countries will have other varieties of the fruit to fall back on.  In Pakistan, bananas are really small like the size of milky way bars so I presume they are a different variety and perhaps cos they ripen so quickly they might not be suitable for the international market but at least it should be preserved as a heritage variety rather than multinationals using globalisation to impose the cavendish on food retailers over there.
Thank you for this video!  😀💐
You *can’t* do the experiment like that! Because the ethylene gas from the control banana that doesn’t have it’s end covered is going to affect *all* the other bananas and therefore they’re all going to get ripened because if those two bananas. 😠
Aren't all food plants genetically modified? The only issue I've heard related to GMO is when they put brother and sister plants in a field instead of diverse genetic "cousin" plants which causes some kind of issue but I have no problem with cross breeding plants. That's why we eat bananas from the tropics instead of being forced to rely on our local produce
I personally love a green banana. Not super early green, just yellow green banana. They’re not super sweet like bananas can get, firm yet soft at the center, & the peel doesn’t have a ton of strings dangling yet.  Of course I work in a grocery store where all I hear is people getting butt hurt about bananas being too green. I tell people all the time I eat green bananas, and they think I’m torturing myself or something. I just like the flavor of the fruit better that way. Sorry not sorry🤷🏼‍♀️
ok i know it's irrelevant but oh my god the bananas with LARGE seeds freaked me out so much i can't look at the screen 😨
Absolutely no problem whatsoever with GM foods - we do that anyway when we selectively breed and graft new organisms. Direct gene editing is just more controlled and targeted. I think there are precautions to take, to mitigate against unforeseen consequences (like the plant spreading *too* well and choking out native flora). Treat it like a pharmaceutical development stages:       Step 1: Discovery and Development.     Step 2: Preclinical Research.     Step 3: Clinical Research.     Step 4: FDA Drug Review.     Step 5: FDA Post-Market Drug Safety Monitoring. In any case, we need a system and regulation which avoids monoculture plantations - We need to build far greater resilience into our food staples. The fact that Cavendish has grown so ubiquitous is already a systemic failure.
I'm eating a banana right now 💞
Just put bananas in the fridge... That's the only place they belong in.
I've heard quite a few banana hacks that involve gardening, and I don't think any of them work. I do remember hearing one I wanted to try but just never did because I figured it would just end up as mould; but supposedly if you soak banana peels in water they will give off potassium which is a useful fertilizer.
I freeze my "Zombie Bananas" in the peel until I'm ready to use them. They're perfect for banana bread, muffins, cake or any other great cooked banana confections, where the darker color isn't a problem. And yes the banana peel will turn black, the fruit can become darker looking bruised and will be of an weird consistency however it's perfectly safe for baking needs . This "hack" is great if you have zombie bananas but not enough for the recipe, or it's too hot to bake, no time ect.
a few things, one being that bananas are already genetically modified to not have seeds in em. the majority of the vegetables we eat today are genetically modified over centuries to breed out bad traits and keep good ones. a lot of people have this image of some shady scientist in a lab coat idk, doing freakish things to food when in reality genetically modifying the food we grow and eat has been done for centuries. i mean how else do people think we can eat stuff like almonds or potatoes without them poisoning us? come on!! i really hate the scaremongering and ignorance around stuff like "chemicals" and "gmos", it is so unhelpful and ignorant of the way things actually work.  about that extinct banana species, artificial banana flavoring in candies and stuff is based on that long extinct banana which i think is interesting, like that flavor is based on a long dead fruit, a flavor ghost!  whenever i have leftover bananas that are too ripe or black i peel them and put them in zip top freezer bags to save for banana bread or cake, etc. the most intense sweet banana flavor is when they're that ripe so they're absolutely perfect for banana bread!!
I used to work in a supermarket. At one stage I worked on produce. Bananas was one job no one liked to do... Except me for some reason. They came in boxes wrapped in plastic. When we unwrapped them they would be soaking wet from the humidity of the bananas inside a plastic bag. The smell was like bananas on steroids. The water from the bananas would make your hands feel very strange. When we put the bananas on display they would be green. Within a few hours they would change to yellow. Generally keeping them sealed up in the box was the best way to keep them in a better condition. However they didn't sell very well from a sealed box in the warehouse. One thing we were not allowed to do was to put them in the chiller. As it turned the skin brown. While this video shows that it is still edible the general rule of thumb on produce was that if you wouldn't eat it people won't buy it. There were daily checks for quality that we had to complete. Anything with bruises or skin going wrinkly was removed from sale. Bananas did make up a decent amount of our waste. However the waste was sent for anaerobic digestion. The gas was used to power one  of the companies depots fleet of delivery trucks.  Great video Ann I have been watching your channel for a couple of years now. Keep up the great work!  Actually I almost forgot about the exotic spiders. We had a few huntsman spiders as well as a couple of tarantulas. Sadly they got put in the freezer. As this was in the UK and they were essentially illegal aliens.
i also tried this hack where you put the aloe vera into the banana but it also didn t work as yours thanks debunking that banana hack
I wonder, would you please consider doing an episode on what would be great vegan recipes for meat for the taste and then separately for the protein (some are already obvious and stated on YouTube but they're not wholistic episodes) and iron but objectively (as in not in opposition with veganism or vegetarianism)? I know such recipes will be very much in demand and helpful to many people who'd be watching them now and in the future and can finally prove animal abusers wrong when they claim nothing we eat can be like the flesh of animals.
Bananas also changed in the late 80s early 90s due to the disease. The previous bananas were so delicious. The Cavendish is pretty bland in comparison.
"Banana fridge" is a great business idea. Especially in Germany (which was called BRD, Bananen Republik Deutschland, until 1989).   But it's actually not so weird to have one, though they're sold as "wine fridge" to the middle class.
Never microwaved a banana, but we actually used to do that chocolate one a lot back when I was a kid. Cut along the length, push chocolate inside, wrap the banana in tinfoil, and toss it over the fire when you're out in the woods. And of course remember fire safety and to be careful when taking it off, because it'll be hot. Unwrap the foil, peel the banana, and enjoy some roasted chocolate banana. That and stick bread were like top tier snacks on field trips back in school.
Seeing how supermarkets don't have a very large section of non gmo products its safe to say that most people don't care about gmo free products. which is good because the gmo free community is toxic and irrational.
weve been GMOIng foods since we started civilization except now we can do it even better with our technology but alot of people are just scared of science because they dont understand it, and instead of seeking out to undertand it they rely on the media whose known for their outlandish headlines, let alone some journalists will just get the story wrong outright.
People act like our current food isn't GMO. If we were out here eating 0 B. C. Veggies and animals, we'd have entirely different tastes and pallettes. This is shown even in your 200 year old recipe series. There have and will be extinct veggies. Farmers scurry and try to plant what they can in the soil they have, even if certain things won't grow. None of it's new. People just like to polarize things by adding terms for whatever reason.
Once they begin to brown a little my mom freezes them and makes banana bread with them, and it’s sooooo good even though the bananas were pretty browned 😋
The Cavendish bananas we eat are sterile. They have no seeds. That is why they are all genetically identical and therefore very susceptible to being wiped out quickly by a fungus or virus.
I know a better solution. When your bananas are overly ripe, peel them, chop them and freeze overnight. Then thaw for 10 minutes, put in a blender with a splash of plantbased milk and voila, you’ve got ice cream. You can add for example strawberries or cacao for flavour.
26:29 that disappointed pout says a lot more than anyone could conjure up the words to say
To be fair,  if you don't want to eat GMO then you'll have to give up all veggies.    LOL.   They are all modified from their original version.
I know this video’s a year old so I probably won’t get a reply, but around 24:25 to 25:16 does anyone hear that sort of whining sound periodically in the background? Sounds like an animal or maybe a squeaky chair or something. I’m guessing it’s some kind of bird perhaps, heck if I know. Doesn't bother me really, just curious I'd anyone else heard it or knows what that is.
Here's a hack for you! Open bananas by pinching from the BOTTOM (like how orangutans open them) and you don't need a utensil.
I can't believe people throw out brown bananas. In my house, they get stockpiled in the freezer and then made into a bunch of banana bread and muffins.
that was probably the best sun screen advertisement ive ever seen. i dont know why they havent ever just shown that in an add. lol
just to answer that one question PLEASE SUPPORT GMO FOOD ITS MADE BY SCIENTISTS WITH THE BEST INTEREST OF HUMANITY AND NATURE IN MIND
They should put the gene into the Big Mike, the original popular banana that the cavendish replaced. The Big Mike was far superior but was also attacked by fungal disease. The cavendish was considered a junk banana used to feed livestock when the Big Mike was around.
The bananas in the bag were already ripe. The hypothesis that you were supposed to test there was did they go from green to yellow faster in the bag with the apple, not from yellow to brown….
I used to be anti-GMO, at some point I realised almost every (or every) fruit or vegetable we eat was heavily modified for consumption at some point.
i think there is no reason to stop people from GM bananas to make them not go extinct.
Talks about misinformation Spreads the misinformation about the Gros Michel banana being extinct, it still exists and you can still buy them.
Well, technically speaking banana is already a GMO since it was modified so much through selective "breeding" of the plant So saying there is a GMO o a banana is saying there is a new phone they are both man made and unlike banana (which is food) no one needs a new phone every year I'm talking to you iphone users
23:10 So much banana bread
This is the saddest time-lapse I have ever seen
I don’t mind when they say GM , as long as it tastes good. Thanks for the video 😁
Even monkeys peal bananas 😂😂🤣🤣🤣
I do a lot of pet sitting and you would not believe how many people wrap the stems! I always want to send them this video to stop the plastic waste but it's not exactly my place to do so haha. Thanks to this video I put bananas in the fridge all the time because I prefer a fairly "green" banana and they don't stay that way for long.
Can someone explain why putting my bananas next to other food makes it taste like bananas?
Funny to see VPN scam on a channel exposing scams.
I am very much for GMOs. I love biology and it is fascinating how we can use something like that to save species and people.
Progress in feeding people is I think-good-that worried about a GMO product fully research b4 deciding-great on saving the only edible 🍌
The chocolate banana was one of the favourite deserts in the youth group I participated in. You can just throw them in the ambers of the camping fire, the peal gets burned but the inside is filled with molten chocolate :D
I love how she just makes her husband eat all the food so she doesn’t have to 😭💖
Lol , " even monkeys peel bananas ! "  🤣
I think that it's great that you are debunking the  myths that are being spread over the internet. Some of them I  had thought to do until I saw you debunking them(Scrumpdiddlyisious for one). I'm really glad that I found you. I also liked your 200 year old recipes and the ancient scroll ones from 600 years ago.  I now live in Alabama, but in the early 90's lived outside Sydney for two years.  Listening to you has been a sweet reminder of my time there. 🥰🥰 Keep doing what you do!
I like 🍌 bananas but I can't stand the smell of them.
the plant already had roots before the banana. so it did not need to be put in a banana
Anti-GMO is totally bullshit and incredibly classist and anti-poor.
27:24 things like seeds that cant regrow or whatever its called or things like denaturing and or messing up the health benefits of food that is what i think
25:50 danng
21:47 shrek bananas also wow look at that skin like tape on it
Fascinating vid, always learn a lot from U!❤️
Huh? Wrapping the top of bananas? Just don't buy a boatload of them in the first place and you'll be fine! Oh, and don't place them right next to apples. Apples really are the devil where ethylene is concerned. P.S. About the Gros Michel. Do you know these artificial banana flavoured sweets? Like chocolate coated jelly bananas and the like? They taste not quite like the bananas we know. Their taste was meant to be like the Gros Michel. So, if you ever fancy one of those, get one of these jelly bananas and imagine it's the real thing. :-) What I'd like to be able to buy are bananas from the Canary Islands. But as far as I know, they don't export any, as they only have enough for their own needs. (I suspect that some of the very small organic bananas that I've had might have been from the Canary Islands. Maybe they exported those as an exception?)
We should all just start eating blue Java bananas. I heard a rumor they have a vanilla taste
Here in Brazil we make Banana Chips
The "wrapping banana stems" hack always seemed dubious to me! It just goes to show that the quote, "A lie can travel halfway around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes" is pretty apt. That was a quote by Mark Twain, right? Or was it Thomas Jefferson? Alexander Pope? Perhaps it was Kurt Cobain? Or maybe it was none of them...
That time laps was Depresssing
all of our food has been genetically modified. w have been genetically modifying food since before written history, the only thing thats change is that we can do it faster and more accurately.
Interesting I might cook up some banana peel.
In your nordvpn sponsor you mispronounced "/", it's pronounced "slash" not "backslash". A backslash looks like this "\".
Fun info about cavendish bananas: they are triploid (have 3 sets of chromosomes) which makes them unable to reproduce sexually. As a result, all of the cavendish bananas are clones of each other (have the same gene). This lack of genetic diversity was probably why they were so un-resistant to a certain environmental threat (fungi). However, if they can reproduce sexually then they would apparently have the seeds and you can't eat them anymore. So it seems like GMO is the only solution :).
Oh! I know some of this about bananas! The Cavendish bananas that we eat are basically like mules. They're hybrids that are infertile and can only reproduce as genetic copies! There are multiple kinds of wild banana and the ones with massive seeds and little flesh actually have a good taste and are cross bred with something that has small seeds and lots of flesh but taste horrible to produce something good with nearly no seeds because it's not capable of reproduction!
We used to do that chocolate banana thing at girl guide camp. But we’d wrap the bananas in tin foil and pit them on the bbq instead of in the microwave. Was tasty when it stopped burning.
The one video I shouldn’t have watched while eating
So before we get any further I would like to guess that he took a fully yellow banana, um "dried" it on  hot... and played the footage in reverse...  The only reason I guess that is because I think you actually have a recipe right on this channel that shows you baking bananas and they turn black when you bake them from the heat
The sassiness and the shade when Dave speaks it's so fking great
Anyone else hear a kitten?
14:00 that thing with the chocolate is basically just a banana boat, we made them when camping growing up! Chocolate and marshmallows inside a banana, wrapped in foil and rested on coals for a while. Microwaving it sounds awful, though
"Bananas are the world's favorite fruit!"  Me who has bananas as my least favorite fruit:  :/
“Cooked banana isn’t really that good” Everyone who’s eaten bananas foster: 👁 👄 👁
With the banana peel “pulled pork”, you have to get as much of the white part off as you can, and then sauté it and do a little bit of spatula chopping before you add just a little barbecue sauce. It allows the peel to caramelise and it ends up as a much better dish that way than whatever technique the video used.
I think the zombie banana might just have been reversed, because bananas turn black when exposed to direct heat iirc
I was born with skin much more resistant to UV rays, but even then I still have to use sunscreen on my face. My mom doesn't like sunscreen much, but alovera helps burns, but I don't think they help stop them.
Wonder how easy it's going to be to convince my housemates that keeping ripe bananas in the fridge actually preserves the insides. I'm allergic to bananas so it might just look like sabotage. 😹
I had multiple bad sunburns as a child because I lived on the bay during the summer and we had a boat.  So I spent a lot of time on the reflective water.  Back then, when I was young, we did not use sunscreen the way we do today. We didn’t know how important it was.  And as an adult I had melanoma once already and just recently I have some new growth that needs to be checked.  Skip the banana peel and go to the store and get some sunscreen.  Lol
In Portugal we have bananas similar to Cavendish, but smaller in size and slightly different in flavour, that date from around XVI century, I always prefer that ones to the more abundant everywhere. They just taste better.
rubbing banana skins won't only not work as sunscreen... they can also enhance phytophotodermatitis (especially if they're unripe or acidic)
skin cancer runs in my family. its important to be careful of how much time you spend in the sun anyway but sunscreen can save your life.
Why would you make vegetarian pulled pork out of banana skins when jackfruit works so well? Am I missing something?
In relation to that extinct banana variety that was replaced by the cavendish:   If you've ever wondered why a piece of what is ostensibly supposed to be banana-flavored candy doesn't taste quite like a banana that's because it's trying to approximate the taste of the cavendish's predecessor, not the cavendish itself.
GMO saves lives and livelyhoods
1'40" Aloe plants grow fast anyway and spread like the plague, so there's no point in this one at all
I don't care about whether my food is GMO or not as long as it tastes good and doesn't harm my health.
The chili in the banana in the soil watermelon isn't a hack, it's one of their 'eye catching' transitions. Smh, they need to make better content.
Thanks for helping me understand the spread of misinformation!!!
came for the tiktok busting stayed for the Dave
You hang bananas to stop them bruising.
I am absolutely in favor of genetic modification. Especially in a case like this where it has the potential to save a breed of banana.
14:00 Banana boats! We used to make these camping all the time. You spoon out about half the banana and add choco chips and marshmallows, then wrap in tinfoil and wrap in hot coals. It was a favourite camping snack.
I love gmos
I'd personally find a spliced gene that makes the plant more resistant to a fungus much less worrying than the widespread use of a hypothetical new fungacide, even assuming that GMOs are as dangerous as their detractors claim.
GMOs get simplified a lot as an issue. They are an ecological and farmer's rights issue. Unfortunately, the patent abuse by big corporations and the risk of a GMO strain becoming invasive, as with corn, tend to get overshadowed by fearmongering or those determined to debunk the fearmongering. GMOs aren't inherently bad, but the "ooh, eating GMOs sounds scary" argument is basically used because trying to explain patent abuse or the problems with yellow corn tends to make people's eyes glaze over.
Put bananas in plastic bag, then in the fridge. Most effective. 👌
I think it's great that people choose to starve for the better of mankind while the rest live and eat GMO foods and the fact all food has been modified for thousands of year now was great for those that want to live.
When you get a better grasp of what GMOs and GEs are your not really scared of what they are but what people can use them for, this applies to most sciences, making a disease resistant crop is amazing but not when it’s also made to be infertile so you are dependent on one supplier.
Bananas have been genetically modified for centuries. That's why the one everyone eats isn't tiny and full of seeds. People need to calm down about genetically modified foods. That's how we have the food we eat today.
Too bad I'm allergic to bananas...
My supermarket saran wrap's the tops of the banana's.
People afraid of GMO are IGNORANT people.
We all know 5 minute craps is a huge joke.
Whatever did bananas do to 5 minute crafts??
pro tip: Keeping your bananas in the fridge enables a colder smoothie :D
Just eat the freakin bananas, stop storing or wasting them smh
Why would GMOs be bad? I'm a novice to the topic.
People who are against GMO's are stupid and/or ignorant. GMO hate is all based on stupid propaganda.
"even monkeys peel bananas"  don't know why but I laugh so hard at this part 😆😆😆
our "zombie bananas" go into banana bread usually
All food that we eat is GMOs, period.  Even the  cavendish banana that we know and love originally was a lot smaller, not as yellow, and had the large hard seeds that you talked about with other bananas until we used selective breeding to slowly change them into the bananas we know today.  It would likely take a long time, but it's possible to do something similar with the other banana that is resistant to the disease, who knows.
That other banana is my sleep paralysis demon. Omg.
U taught me a lot about bananaz
Tight weave and dark in color is so hot though
13:43 I give to disagree on that. But maybe you don't eat that in America?  I'm German and cutting open a banana, putting in Nutella, chocolate or honey and then baking it is a well known dessert. Didn't know you could do it in the microwave, instead of the oven or BBQ, so thanks for that hack 😘
It’s still banana, not another species.
At camp we used to cut open a banana, stuff chocolate chips and mini marshmallows in it, wrap it in tin foil, and roast it over the camp fire. It always slightly caramelized and I enjoyed it. I don’t think it would be good in the microwave…
I thought maybe the banana one was reversed and as you heated it, it turned brown.
Personally GMO has been something that I have steered clear of in the past. But as I've gotten closer to the farming industry I've realized that it is basically selective breeding, evolution and splicing (But controlled by humans and done quicker than nature). The word genetic is something that scares people (understandably so, but mostly because misinformation), but if you do the proper research and listening, you understand that this has been going on for generations and generations, and it's the reason we can have nutritious foods that don't get completely wiped out over the years.
everything is a gmo. we wouldn't have fruits and veggies as we know them without genetic modification
Good News, beloved human :) Jesus (Yeshua Messiah) loves you. God created us for a relationship with Him. (Genesis 1:26) But, we sinned and sin every day and because of that, we deserve punishment. (Romans 3:23; Romans 6:23) God hates sin (doing what He said is wrong and we know is wrong). He’s Holy and righteous, but we aren’t. We miss the mark daily. Sin separates us from God. Thankfully, God made a way for us to know Him by sending His only Son, Jesus, to save the world by paying the fine for our sin by dying on a cross (Romans 6:23) and rising from the grave by the power of the Holy Spirit. (John 3:16; Romans 5:8-9) We broke God’s law, Jesus paid the fine (like a ransom for all the evil you and I have ever done or will do). That fine is death. And once we believe in Jesus Christ and accept Him as our Savior, accept His free gift of eternal salvation, we receive eternal life.(Romans 10:9-10) that still and small voice saying that you are valued and loved is GOD. HE paid a high price for you beloved person. So repent today, please! Which means turn from sinning (to sin means doing what you know is wrong and what GOD says is wrong according to the Bible) and turn to Jesus. Put your trust in Jesus today and have faith. I pray that your faith will not fail in Yeshua Messiah's Mighty and Hallowed Name. Amen.  "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. (John 3:16) https://bible.com/bible/1/ihn.3.16.NIV  "Jesus answered, "I am the way and the truth and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me." (John 14:6 NIV) https://john.bible/john-14-6   “In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. In him was life, and that life was the light of all mankind. The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it. He came to that which was his own, but his own did not receive him. Yet to all who did receive him, to those who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God— The Word became flesh and made his dwelling among us. We have seen his glory, the glory of the one and only Son, who came from the Father, full of grace and truth.” ‭‭(John‬ ‭1:1, 4-5, 11-12, 14‬ ‭NIV‬‬) https://john.bible/john-1-14  Jesus did claim to be God more than once, and this is sometimes overlooked if one doesn’t understand the Jewish context, as Jesus Christ was Hebrew, an Israeli Jew. An example: Old Testament (before CHRIST walked among us) “Moses said to God, “Suppose I go to the Israelites and say to them, ‘The God of your fathers has sent me to you,’ and they ask me, ‘What is his name?’ Then what shall I tell them?” God said to Moses, “I Am who I Am. This is what you are to say to the Israelites: ‘I AM has sent me to you.’ ”” ‭‭(Exodus‬ ‭3:13-14‬ ‭NIV‬‬) https://exodus.bible/exodus-3-14  New Testament (while and after CHRIST walked among us) ““Very truly I tell you,” Jesus answered, “before Abraham was born, I Am!”” ‭‭(John‬ ‭8:58‬ ‭NIV‬‬) https://john.bible/john-8-58  https://john.Bible/john
I'm fine with GMO. when it first came out i was worried about cross breeding with wild species. and generally unknown consequences. it's not been a problem. it's bizarre some will pick a non GMO produce covered in pesticides, instead of a GMO that might have a natural resistance.
GMO iz good!
Actually. The bananasl beads darkened in color QUICKER than the Control. So it's not only NOT WORKING. It's also seemingly helping the UV to be stronger....
ahoy!
If anything it looks like the banana sun rub actually made things worst. Though you didn’t say if you also let the banana peel in the sun for 5 minutes.  The best way to keep banana from going brown is to eat them. :)
I’d love to see a video about gmo foods from you! I want this very selfishly so I can send it to people I argue with all the time who think they’re the end of the world. People sent to have this mad science notion of it when really it’s just sped up selective breeding. And what’s so frustrating to me is that so many people who want to eat organic are also anti gmo, genetically modifying crops is what makes them resistant to pests and fungi, meaning they  don’t need all the chemicals to keep them safe.
Ok
Life hack from me :) : If you have bad bananas just turn them into banana bread ( I mean like brown bananas not moldy ones that have been sitting out for like 40 days).
Volume too low
Anne, I think I am too late to comment on this, but I just wanted to point out a few things about the future of bananas. There has been so much lot of panic-inducing misinformation circulating around, and I really want to convey this to you. There are actually many non-Cavendish cultivars of banana that are actually edible - in fact many of them are tastier than the Cavendish cultivar, like many varieties of red bananas, my favourites. The reason why Cavendish is mass produced and exported is not necessarily because it tastes better than others, but because it is more resistant to bruises and therefore is cheaper to transport. So even if Cavendish goes extinct, we WILL still have many cultivars that can be eaten. We will need to make some adjustments in order change to a different cultivar of bananas, but it is not the end of the world for bananas. In fact, if you are in one of the countries where bananas are locally grown and eaten (like Sri Lanka, where I spent most of my formative years), Cavendish is often everyone's least favourite variety of bananas.
Aloe doesn't grow that fast lol
I'm truly baffled by the chile pepper in banana thing. Why not show the (fake) end result? Isn't that the whole point of these videos, the payoff? And what could possibly be the goal, even in tortured 5-Minute Crafts logic? Is it just an elaborate joke about 'banana peppers'?
As someone whose family owns orange farms, i can say that anti gmo people are whacks with no common sense.
GMO's are nothing to be scared of. Genetic modification of PLANTS (not living animals) can add increased nutrition to established crops (Such as rice and wheat) and in the case here, prevent an entire domesticated species of plants from being wiped out. We also have genetically modified cultivars of fruits and vegetables to be frost resistant, drought resistant, and have natural deterrents for insects.   People think GMO's make the crops bigger but that's a load of whooey; we have, for thousands of years, been selectively breeding for big, plus we do pump quite a bit of fertilizer into conventional crops (Which is a whole 'nother issue!)
how about you put a banana in a bag and suck the  air out
Everyone take a moment to appreciate Dave for being the Guinea pig. I need a man who will also try all my weird cooking experiments.
About the chocolate stuck into a banana in the microwave: In Switzerland it's a fairly common campfire desert to make a cut into the peel (on the inner side of the bend), push in some pieces of chocolate. Then either put as is on a grill grate or wrap in aluminium foil and put them right on top of the embers if you don't have a grill grate.  Then just leave it for a couple of minutes and eat it with a spoon. I think if done well it's very tasty (I do like the flavour of cooked, ripe bananas) and it's a practical desert for a hike, since it's easy to bring bananas and chocolate with you. But I see little to no reason to do it at home in a microwave. If you're at home there are so many other options for deserts.
I don’t care. Food is food and food is good
The people worried about GMOs don't understand how agriculture works. Unless you eat exclusively wild game and wild fruits and vegetables, nothing on your plate hasn't been genetically modified. This is just a faster, more modern, method than selective breeding.
@how to cook that, aren't all lemons technically gmo?
All  The bunches of bananas in the supermarkets where I shop in the US are wrapped in plastic in plastic at the stems.   Don't know whether it's coincidence or not but if I buy loose bananas and don't wrap them in plastic wrap they ripen faster And go bad faster
honestly - i'm ok with gmos that have been rigorously tested and can help save crops, extend shelf life and create more healthy food crops. many of the foods we already eat have gmos in them in some capacity.
"Banana peel!? You mean the packaging for the banana!?"
Ohhh bless your heart, I really appreciate and am impressed by your research and the work and thought you put into your work....but honestly?? Dave tasting all random s*** with a smile is like the cherry on top of a very delicious cupcake. I'm so here for the poor man's reactions 🤣🤣🤣🤣
HAPPY BANANAS 🍌:  This is the one trick that keeps bananas living longer, tasting better,  without much bruising either.  Turn the bunch upsidedown like a rainbow and putting the cut from the tree parts in a bowl of water (that won't tip over ) and leave them like a house plant. Just cut the one off you want ( it will be tough!) When you want one. They still get sweet like the banana bread flavor sweet but not all the ugly bruising. I started with a yellow bunch and my last banana lasted to day ten, minimal bruising on the peel and just a small bruise on the inside. Wish I could post pictures to show that it does work. I think the bananas are happier. They are drinking the whole time. 😊
The random giant octopus clip made me jump...🤣
Many cultures in India have been using and continue to use banana peels to make dishes. It's not bad for your health :)
Well the fungus killing the bananas is just the same cycle again and a drawback to commercial farming. It happened before with another fungus killing off what was being eaten in the 60s and earlier. So they swapped to the banana being eaten today and then a new fungus has come to repeat the process. All caused by commercial farming and big box stores trying to maximize profit at every turn. So they grow one type of plant and the stores do not want to waste space on different types.   Greed has literally caused this crisis and has done so with other fruits, veggies, etc. Sadly this won't change because capitalism isn't about what is good for the world but just money at any cost.  Edit: As for people afraid of genetics? We literally have been doing this for thousands of years with simple plant breeding. This is just a faster way to do it and they are relics of the past. They should not be given a soap box to spread their fear. And the cavendish didn't start off with no seeds either. We just breed it that way and could do so again.
Every time I feel for poor Dave!
I liked the video purely for Dave's positive attitude and willingness to participate :)
So banana tea made from the peel is actually quite good. You basically just wash the peel and then boil it in some water. The seeping takes a bit longer than normal tea, but it tastes very bananaey.
I feel so bad for Dave. Not the worst thing he's eaten though.
Considering bananas are the OG genetically modified fruit, they are all just clones because they are grown from cuttings, I'm all for doing whatever is needed to keep this delicious fruit growing. I'm just wondering why they don't modify the gros michel? They still grow is certain parts of the world and from my understanding are what banana candy flavor is based on. Isoamyl acetate is the chemical compound used for that and is in higher concentration in gros michel than in cavendish.
Banana sliced down the middle stuffed with chocolate, wrapped in aluminum foil and thrown in a bonfire/campfire for a few minutes, is something we used to do a lot when camping. It’s very good.
Ann: Next we need some banana recipes. Me: *not paying attention to my screen* Ann: They take banana peel. Me: *realizes she said recipe* They take W H A T????
When I buy bananas, I am impatient at how long it takes them to turn black. The only time I consume bananas is in the form of homemade banana bread.
That banana chocolate thing is something I do at camp a lot, it's an easy dessert to make in a campfire we call them banana boats and cut open a part of the banana, put in marshmallows and chocolate wrap it in tin foil and chuck it in the fire until done it's a lot of fun even now that i'm a bit older
i had a bad sunburn in 2006 when i as 11 so far im doing fine but there are some skin spots i have to look out for
I just saw this video .... i think 5 minute crafts got a bit confused. In India many people eat the banana flowers fried in different ways and it look really similar to this. Maybe they say that and thaugt it was chopped peel .
I've never seen a wild banana before, and I really dislike that. It feels like. Illegal to see.
I don't think GMO plants are the problem persay, greed is the problem. GMO plants change who has ownership of the seed, and farmers end up at the whim of the company who owns the intellectual property on a GMO plant. That's a lot of power with a lot of implications.
I think that while GMOs can represent a mixed bag (largely due to unscrupulous characters in the corporate world), I think they're weighted more heavily on the good side.  They can bring varieties of crops that are naturally pest resistant, so we can use less toxic chemicals in the growing process, larger yields from smaller fields, the potential for addressing hunger is huge.
Bananas are actually radioactive (because of the the High potassium it has, some of it is radioactive potassium-40)
If your bananas go soft, cook with them… problem solved
Gross Michael (Big Mike) are apparently the king of bananas. I hope genetic modification can bring Big Mikes back. 🍌
I had no idea rosemary grew into a small tree, I always only saw tiny bushes of it. I've probably seen the trees and never knew what they were.
gimme banana or gimme deth
Hello from the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the states.  I just wanted to tell you how much I love your channel!  5 months ago I had my leg amputated and your channel has helped me get through this!  Love you guys!
gmos that are from the same type of plant aren't the issue.  When we have allergies gmos from an animal to a plant or one type of plant to another could be dangerous.
Banana fruit is very high in sugar, so osmotic pressure would make it quite hard for a plant stuck in it to extract enough water to grow.
I honestly don’t care if it’s genetically modified if it saves the bananas lol
The recipe you tried with the chocolate peices in the cooked banana is actually one of my family's favorite summer desserts, but we cook ours differently.  We peel back the peel on a triangle piece on top of the banana but don't take it completely off, then we cut a piece out of the banana like they do, and we fill the hole in the banana with chocolate chips and marshmallows, sometimes the nephews and nieces do cut up candy bars with nuts or caramel or even cookies.  Then we replace the peice of banana back on top the chocolate, place the peel back on top the banana, wrap the entire banana in foil and grill it on the barbeque for a few minutes.  On our grill, it only takes about 2 minutes per side, but as each grill is different, it might be different on someone elses.  You want the banana warm, but not cooked so much that it becomes liquid mush like the recipe in the video.  you can eat it by itself like that or add ice cream on top depending on your mood.  Anyway, I enjoy watching your videos, I binged on them all last night!
the effort you go to is fantastic but that is mentioned a lot. i also want to compliment your presentation, especially around 19:45 where that teal background and yellow bananas just pops in the most aesthetically appealing way. just gorgeous colour choices on your background for this, ahhhhHHHH.
@howtocookthat I'm not anti genetically modified food as its done in this instance with the bananas. It is ehen they are made resistant to a poison that kills everything it touches except the modified plant, that we then eat and causes cancer in us. I am against the terminator technology used in the seeds that prevent farmers from harvesting the seeds from their crops to replant the next year, forcing them to buy from these tech giants for the rest of their existence, enslaving them essentially. GMOs is an insanely big topic and its sad, horrid and the reason why so ma y of us are sick, why governments are owned by big pharma and big agri, and why shit like whats happened in this pandemic was able to happen in the first place. Those who have been fighting these monsters KNOWS EXACTLY what I'm talking about and how its all connected.   As always, thanks for the incredibly informative awesome content! 👌
THIS is the kind of food journalism I love
In a bag in the fridge?
Thank you for pointing out that the GMO conversation completely changes when you’re talking about saving people’s livelihoods. We eat GMO foods all the time without thinking much about it, so if there’s really anyone out there who’s like “yeah, this fruit should be wiped out, other people’s jobs be damned, because I don’t like the term ‘GMO’ since I don’t understand it!” then you need to check yourself lol
When you actually think of it, pretty much everything we eat is GMO in one form or another.  Humanity has spent the last ten thousand years selectively breeding food crops and animals to be more suitable to our needs or wants.  It's just that up until very recently we've had to do it through old fashioned and imprecise unnatural selection.  My problem with GMOs is not the genetic modifications themselves, with the right precautions (which we already know) we can make sure they're safe, but with capitalism.  Unfortunately, under the current economic system ownership of the rights, patents and other intellectual properties surrounding GMOs will devolve down to a monopoly or oligopoly of private businesses who only care about extracting their pound of flesh as quickly as possible even if it dooms much of the world to permanent food poverty.
I need to know...how do you like your bananas? My mom also liked the ones that start having brown splotches , and would still eat ones that had lots of brown splotches. So this is how I like them! I thought this was normal until I met my bf and stayed with his family, and they only like the super firm just yellow starchy bananas!  I ate one that had brown splotches and they all thought it was slighty gross haha, I need to know whats more common :P
The banana made the beads darkest.. must attract the sun?!
The best hack for if your bananas are very ripe (not black mind you)? Just make banana bread! Extremely tasty and saves you wasting food!
Dave is such a trooper.
GMO might be bad, no good reaserch proves that, but if the other option is people STARVE, I think it might be worth the risk
Poor Dave....lol
Love ur show
I have no problem with GMO-foods. Most of the modification is done to increase crop yields or make them last longer, or just make them prettier. It’s not like we’re growing bioluminescent carrots with dart-frog-skin or anything stupid like that (and even if that is being grown, you’re still not going to find it in the supermarket)
The melting the chocolate with the banana is a take off of a camping dessert with while bananas split open and chocolate put inside wrapped in foil and put under coals
My plants have roots like the ones in the video, it takes longer than two weeks for them to grow and they are very fragile
When I was a kid we often went camping in the woods. And we did those split bananas with chocolate in them, wrapped in aluminum foil and let it bake in the embers at the edge of the camp fire.
One bad sunburn?? I'm like guaranteed to get skin cancer at that rate...
We've been genetically modify food for thousands of years. We've just found an easier way to do it. People need to get over the fear mongering or we gonna start having mass starvation.
Some animals eat bananas with the peel on. Moose and elephants do.
I got your point darling, but this video tells me you had no experience with most tropical vining plants. If you did you'd know that cutting a single leaf on its petiole will never result in a chance of a root grow. I belive this cutting was monstera var. deliciosa or borsigniana, and as most plants in the Aracea genus they have to be cut on the stem, best with at least a piece of an aerial root. If you are trying to debunk myth etc (which I think is super cute and important in our times) and you are capable of very scientific approach (as with destaining hacks) try to dig a bit deeper, because this is an example of very anti-scientific actions as this trial was faulty by design. Keep up debunking trash theories somebody recorded with poor idea just to make somebody sit in awe that "they've been wrong their whole lives"! Wish you all the best <3
I heard about the plastic wrap- banana trick several years ago from an older lady here where i am from :  *Norway!*  And i can promise u she must have heard about it IRL 😂very old but she felt very smart. Poor thing
so the leaf in a banana in water is kinda stupid, but if you just get rid of the banana, that specific plant can easily grow new roots. besides, the root they showed in their video was an aerial root, those literaly dont even need water, they are just anchors to the plant. it is however important that you do cut the leaf beneath a node, so you have to have a piece of branch still attached to the leaf stem, otherwise it will just wither like it did in your video.
Regarding the gardening hacks bananas are a great sourcs of potassium for your plants but they also need other types pf nutrients. Potassium helps your plant flower (for example if your tomato isnt flowering but has a lot of leaves add some banana peels) but with only potassium the plant will suffocate and wont grow anything so greenery no flowers no fruit.
Humans have been modifying crops since the beginnibg.
20:33 i love her  she is an icon
20:33 i love her  she is an icon
20:33 i love her  she is an icon
The reason that banana candy doesn't taste like the banana you eat is that that flavour was based on the Gros Michel banana and not the Cavandish. I wish we still had the Gros Michel as I like that flavour but I don't like the flavour of the Cavandish
Honestly never understood where genetically modified plants got their bad reputation from (at least food wise). Like, the dna of things you eat don't affect your own dna (which some people seem to believe, idk), and GMO plants just don't do that either. The biggest issue I see is that with making those plants more resistant, faster growing etc etc you could heavily influence the biodiversity of the area they grow in. Which can be a huge issue, but it's a different issue than the "is it save to eat" question. Personally I'm all for GMO crops as they help stabilize food supply and also can help cutting down on the use of pesticides. And idk about you, but I rather have GMO plants with way less pesticides sprayed on them than "pure" (aka selectively bred) plants which require the use of a lot of those pesticides to actually be profitable to grow.
Dave said even monkeys peel bananas
Dave you are a trooper. And a hero cheers my friend
The chocolate stuffed bananas is something i used to do as a kid, but we wraped it in tinfoil and put it the fire.  Nomnomnom
Using our technology to create a GMO of a food to protect it from disease and protect our food supply doesn't seem that bad in my opinion. I am opposed to GMO when it is used to do things like increase yields, make larger or more attractive products, and basically anything that is done to make a crop more profitable. Money and greed can cause companies to overlook health concerns if they can see a clear raise in profits. Even worse I fear that health risks may not be studied at all when creating a GMO. So even though the use of GMOs are a scary topic for our future I don't personally oppose making it a GMO if it is being used to save our crop from extinction. I mean how could I go the rest of my life without Banana bread. Lol
Ann you're so smart! Tell the people the truths!
Greetings from Greece! ♡  Love your videos, keep educating us about food science
Back after a year. In my opinion, GMOs are usually fine. If you genetically modify a banana to become resistant to a fungus that would wipe out the crop entirely and reduce jobs and a common everyday food that most people eat then yeah, it's great. But GMOs like in GloFish (a genetically modified fish) where a gene makes them glow under blacklight can also have adverse effects. Many glofish bettas are virtually blind because of their light, green eyes which aren't able to capture 3D objects and light as well. Being blind certainly isn't better than seeing...  So, it depends. If it's created to help then we should wholeheartedly believe in using GMOs, but if they're created for looks like in glofish which causes issues then we should avoid them. Thoughts?
I love bananas with chocolate but I peel them and heat than chopped in the microwave.... For me it's funny listening there is only one type of banana , of the top of my head I can list at least 4 types we have in Brazil, all good and delicious
Bring on Panama resistant Cavendish bananas :)   Weirdly, this video has made me want to make Banana cake .   Last but not least,  if you want to learn a bit more about GMOs, this video is awesome   https://youtu.be/sH4bi60alZU
I love your uploads, Thank you
I’ve just watched this, and I cannot understand what’s wrong with GMO, if it benefits people in whatever way, that’s all that matters!
"wiped out gross michelle, we don't get it anymore"  me eating a gros michelle banana: 😮
GMO to the rescue, yey science!  Maybe they can bring back the Gros Michael as well?
Idk how I was never recommended your channel. Actually your the only food channel I watch. I love this debunking videos. I'm going to order your cook book soon, I absolutely love to cook and bake I'm just not that good with detail. Taste, absolutely.
4:39 . . . so . . . what happens if you've had several really bad burns?
What about putting the bananas near a fan to blow away the gas?
GMO fruit are of the devil; the banana is the natural devil fruit. GMO banana is devil squared. This will make more atheist children
At 24:30, you can hear birds 🐦🐥
Fun fact: artificial banana is imitating the flavor of the original banana (the one that died off in the 60s).
In the USA, even some supermarkets wrap banana stems in plastic wrap!
Ann: "Just one bad sunburn"  Me *a ginger*: " haha, oh no"
The banana test actually looked like they turned faster and darker meaning it would actually amplify the uv rays affect.
To keep bananas fresh for long time... peel and cut them, put them in airtight container and keep them in freeze. Whenever needed just thaw and use.. i have tried it at home
Never heard of hanging bananas to ripen them, just to prevent bruising.
Hey, we actually made banana boats at summer camp when I was a kid! Peel a strip off the peel, scoop some out, fill it with mini marshmallows and chocolate chips, cover it back up with the peel, wrap in tin foil, then toss it in the campfire!  Can confirm though, it will straight up burn your mouth.
Poor banana 😆
Thank you for the sun screen info! So important
Anyone that's had a hand at breeding plants and animals to give the best results in their offspring is GMO. Corn, watermellon, avocado, bananas, beef, chickens, farmed turkeys. All of these things we walk into the store to buy and eat over hundreds of years have been selectivly bred to make them taste and look better. It's all GMO. We take the best genetics from two plants and breed them, whether by hand or in a lab. So if you don't want GMO, stop eating. That's the only way to get away from it. With so many people on this earth (over population imo), we'll need the modified foods to stop a famine.
Growing up and hearing the Chiquita banana song telling me to never put bananas in the refrigerator......I feel lied to..😆
The disease-resistant banana is a good thing but I feel it's more of treating the sympoms instead of the cause - which is huge monocultures of same plant, with no genetic diversity. They are very susceptible to pests and diseases and obviously poor from the ecological point of view, too.
audio is too quiet
The discussion of GMO is often thought of in an extremist context near subcontiously. All crops we grow today are genetically modified to some degree. Humans have done it with wheat, corn, all the meats...only difference is more "natural" genetically modified organisms take decades to entire life times to fully see completed while modern genetically modified organisns can be tested in a matter of a few seasons. In 10 years one could a completely new GMO, grown, sampled, and evaluated. No GMO should reach the consumer if it is unsafe to consume. If that is truly a fear someone has it should be with the regulations surrounding GMOs in the individual's country and how those regulations are being enforced.
Does anyone else hear a kitten meowing around 24:20 or am I hallucinating?
If I've learned anything about nature there is an antidote for everything. It's really the monoculture that is causing this fungus to be such an issue there is a solution in biodiversity you have to know the right combination to counteract the effects.  Our rubber supply in South America was essentially wiped out Asia has control of the rubber market now. That's threatened by a fungus as well. Certain flight paths are blocked because it spreads this fungus. The monoculture depletes the soil. It causes an imbalance to the floraculture as all call it...  The soil has to have certain other plants to counteract the fungus. They are out there. Even a dandelion has it's purpose I love dandelions they are weeds to me.
24:29 I know what I want for Christmas now. Banana fridge!
This is a year old but I wanted to say that I have no problem with eating GMO bananas, and it's encouraging to see so many of the comments in support of it.
EAT ALL THE BANANAS BEFORE THEY ARE GONE!!!!!!
One "natural" sunscreen that does work is the white powder that comes off of Aspen trees, however, it's only an estimated SPF of 5 (you should at least have 30+), so it's more of a fun fact than anything else, unless you're in some sort of survival situation.
well, it's not MY favourite fruit 😐
Bananas are just begging to be made into banana bread when they off, not be thrown in the trash!
I think the GMO bananas are fine as long as there are no bad side effects
As a future plant scientist and breeder, GMOs have their ups and downs. On the positive end as stated in the video they help preserve the current farming practices when it comes to pest resistance and also adaptation to the changing environment. Especially in Cavendish bananas, the plant cannot produce viable seeds which are able to breed, so all bananas are clonaly propagated, meaning that basically all bananas are identical genetically and therefore are susceptible to the same parasites. GMOs would help in protecting the bananas we all know and love, especially since the market is so resistant in trying new foods. On the negative end, GMOs could have a negative impact on the environment, which is why it is mainly banned in most of EU countries. Certain genetic changes may affect the indigenous wild type of that plant altering the natural environment.
There is some kind of animal noise, almost like a kitten or some kind of bird, in the background around 24min that was really tripping me out cause I heard it so clearly I could've sworn there was an animal outside my office window lol I kept pausing the video to try and hear it and was getting so confused as to why it would only make a noise when the video was playing 🤣
My parents are from south of India, and when they were younger they used raw banana peels to make side dishes to be eaten with rice. I have tasted them and they don't taste as bad! But I have never had ripe banana peels though!
…
My friend came up with a banana peel cake and I was super skeptical but it rules. You should get Dave to make some
I've had barbecue banana skins before, when cooked right they can be really good.
Dave is such a gem 💎
blackened bananas are completely normal in fact blackened bananas outnumber yellow bananas. its just that yellows are the only type sold in europe. in banana growing countries you get greenish yellowish black spooted types.
Banana + chocolate in the microwave was my childhood go to dessert 😍
I love how easy you make stuff for me to understand. You are so smart and I love watching your share your knowledge w us. & I love how you test all ways! You are the best Anne!
GMOs save lives and can't affect your own genome. Horizontal gene transfer doesn't happen when you eat modified food! Every fruit or vegetable you eat is genetically modified! They've just been bred to produce different results. There is no fundamental difference between the genetic changes that occur as a result of lab work and breeding varietals... one just saves us a lot of time and we can select the traits we want without as much trial and error.
In the caribbean we got lots of banana varietals. Gros Michel is very popular still. Many ppl keep banana or plantain trees in the back yard
I haven't seen bananas in US stores with long black "tails." I wonder why.
Wait what- hanging bananas keeps them yellow longer?? Where did that even come from-. My parents and grandparents always used to say they hang the banas to make them ripen faster- In fact I've heard a lot of other ppl say tht as well
Cooked banana with chocolate is really common in sweden. But we cut a slit, put chocolate in and then cover it in tin foil and put it in an outdoor firepit or on a coal grill when there’s no fire left. It’s good 😍
eternal banana
We live in an area where avos and bananas are grown
We always buy avos and bananas together and use the bananas to ripen the avos
Dave: “Even monkeys peel bananas”…”do people actually eat this??!? LOL
as far as I can tell, fear of GMO food, like fear of gluten is ninety five percent superstition and only applicable to a tiny percent of the population.   More people by far have a problem with nuts than have a problem with gluten, and I have not seen any scientific evidence of any actual problem with GMO.
I remember the storys of placing unripened fruit in a brown paper bag with a banana to help it ripen so  i guess the new story is the opposite
I've never been against GMO foods mostly because I see it as humans helping evolution in a "healthy" direction.
I wish I lived in a place closer to where bananas are grown, I feel bad buying them since I know how much fuel was used shipping them to our region.
Last video left us with drowning kid facts and this one talking bout melanoma,, pls I'm just here to cope
GMO will kill us anyway, so GMO is not the answer. Would be interesting to know if Panama disease came from a lab anyway. Then their answer is GMO. YAY they had a solution. Imagine that it's poison food.
Banana are berries and not fruits.
Hey algorithm, I like this video
"even monkeys peel Bananas"
That man ate banana peel for us. Bless him!
Old video I know, but people who are anti GMO shouldn't really eat bananas at all because Cavendish bananas and their almost extinct predecessors exist entirety because of genetic modification and inbreeding. The reason it's so easy for an entire plantation to get infected after one plant is infected is because bananas are so inbred their all almost genetically the same, so the infection spreads like wildfire. This is true of a lot of fruits and vegetables but none to the extent of bananas. The entire reason the Gros Michel banana almost went extinct and still hasn't recovered is because of how genetically similar they are. You'd think after the world's supply of Gros Michel bananas almost went extinct we'd learn to allow some genetic variety in our bananas, but no, we are simple minded and only care about taste and fruit yield so as long as we're getting the best taste and the most fruit, we'd risk losing the entire species. That said, the Gros Michel does still grow in some third world countries but unless you're willing to blow $60 to $100 dollars for a small bunch or "hand" then you probably won't have the luxury of tasting them, aside from when you eat anything with artificial banana flavoring because that taste is modeled after the Gros Michel not the Cavendish.
She literally became a banana expert just for this video
Love the video! Id like to add something about the banana peel "meat" tho, it is actually pretty common for vegans! Like ann said, it doesn't directly substitute animal meat because it doesn't have much protein, but it is actually delicious in a sandwich or any other meal as a matter of fact! But an useful tip is to put it in water with some lemon juice for a few minutes before cooking to get rid of any bitter taste it may have. Its also incredibly common to eat whole bananas in meals in Brazil! Like, with rice, beans, vegetables, salads, farofa, many people throw in a banana as well! There are even meals whose main ingredient is banana, like a banana moqueca 😋
But what about drying the peel on a frying pan and then smoking it in your pipe for a legal high? That one is real, right?
I have nothing to say to this topic.. I'm just writing a comment so you have "points" because you said in one video that videos even with dislikes and negative comments are ranked higher than videos without any comment or any likes/dislikes.. so I like your videos and therefore I write a comment. and from now on I don't hit dislike on any video which I dislike..  I just will ignore them. :)
Supposedly if you put bananas along with your other fruit in a  "fruit bowl" the banana makes the other fruit go bad quicker. I always put my bananas in a cool cupboard. Apples in the fridge (but I usually use them to cook, mash and freeze in icecube trays to put a few cubes in my 45-50g of porridge oats along with almond or soya milk, some blackberry's *around 8  (frozen if not in season) once cooked add a small chopped up banana with a couple of spoons of natural zero fat, no sugar greek style yogurt. With a genorous sprinkle of cinnamon to sweeten. Yummy and a great way to start your day. There's plenty natural sugars in the fruit  so no need to add sugar. Blessings from Scotland. 🙏🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿🌹
For those days when you bring your banana but not your suncream and REALLY just need to sit on that bench reading in the sun.
Me: (about to skip Anne's ad plug in) Me: (remembers she needs the views for the revenue) Me: (stays and watches the ad)
the one with chocolate shoved in reminded of something we do camping, we call them banana boats! you peel back one section of the peel, leaving it attached at the bottom, and scoop out about half with a spoon (have a pre-dessert snack) then put chocolate and mini marshmallows, replace the peel, wrap in foil and cook on the hot coals of a campfire until its all gooey and melty! delicious and messy 😂
In Phillipines, we had many variety of banana here. So it's a bliss
Dave, as soon as Ann started to make the BBQ banana peel I said, 'even monkeys peel bananas!'
Dave has a strong stomach i must say🤣I would never!
I feel like we shouldnt need a gmo-solution to a mono-culture mass-farming issue. We need biodiversity, otherwise these issues are going to keep reappearing. Every time gmo-solutions were created they have been nothing more but a hot fix for a much larger, much more complex problem.
The GMO nonsense is propagated by the same people who love to ramble on about "natural" foods and "superfoods".
Man... In my country we got whole bunch of different breed of bananas... There are small one, sweet one, the one where you need to cook it while young... All kind of bananas that even i dont know the name of... So bless my country have these blessing
I will say that the chocolate in the banana is something my mum tried when we were kids, apparently when she was in girl guides they did did it by wrapping the chocolate stuffed banana in foil and putting it in the camp fire, but like, it was the 60s in a fairly low socioeconomic area, so you know
Banana are not a fruit it's a berrie
The wild bananas freaked me out 😳😳
0:55 that aloe is clearly photoshop
I'm not against genetically modified foods when its done in the interest of preserving a species, reducing the strain on soils, extending shelf-life of a product, and addressing global food shortages. in fact I think of it like this: we modify our bodies all the time with chemicals (from the complex vaccine to the simple caffeinated beverage) for health and safety and increased viability, so the logical reasoning is there. what's important is that GMOs are strictly regulated to safeguard against shady practices and unethical experimentation
A thing I find terrifying, is with the UV beads - the ones with the banana had a stronger color *than the control.* Of course, it could be just because the video is messing with the actual picture, but I still find it scary, that people could actually try this hack and get horrible sunburns.
l
Damn dave knows his hair 😎😎
the wild bananas are nice :)
"Oh saucy baby" 😏 Cracked me up
Are people so lazy they cannot just let a banana ripen for a couple of days? This is so comical.
I’m 100% sure I’d rather risk getting skin cancer and melanoma than rub a banana peel all over my face in public.
I wouldn’t mind GMO bananas.  Being in a farming family, I have seen how using GMO’s in crops can stop famines and keep farming families from losing their source of income.  GMO’s do no harm you.
Not gonna lie….. I might try to the banana barbecue. It is frugal and low waste. This is a good use for them if it’s good and you don’t have compost facilities available to you.   Other than that, I just found your channel today and I absolutely love your content!
So weird. Most bananas in DK come with the top wrapped in the store.
Every time I read "banana" in the comments, I now read it in Ann's accept instead of my own American accent and I'm not sure how I feel about that
Gosh those wild bananas do not look at all appetizing! In fact, something about all those large black seeds looking like bug eyes really grossing me out 😅
Could you send the source for that sunburn and melanoma comment you made? I’m fascinated.
Oh no, GMOs, how terrible, it's almost like most of our plant based food has been carefully bred to be palatable at all. The only thing wrong with genetically modified food is Monsanto, because they're a villain company straight out of a comic book. GMOs make food flood resistant, disease resistant, _edible,_ (seriously, have you seen what watermelons and corn used to look like before we bred them for hundreds of generations? Disgusting) and just in general able to be grown in the increasingly hostile climates we have to work with.
Ok but the banana skin noodle sandwich bbq sauce thing does look delicious 👀
I don't know if that counts as Trypophobia... but that wild banana image triggered something in me that I didn't have before. That looks VERY gross and made me feel very uncomfrotable XD Those videos are amazing tho! Can't stop watching them :D Also I feel like you worked really hard on getting all the information, which is something very nice and refreshing to see on youtube.
Pretty much everything we currently eat is a GMO. Wheat, corn, and rice all have naturally occurring plants, but we don't grow those and haven't for centuries. The naturally occurring variation don't produce nearly as many grains or kernels. Our ancestors modified them to make them more profitable to grow and to feed more people.  I'm willing to admit that harsh pesticides and excessive antibiotics can affect our food, but for the most part GMO'S do gene splicing. It is simply a more advanced approach to what our forefathers did when they switched from hunter gatherers to agrarian societies.
As a natural redhead with pale skin who grew up in the 80's I had more than one bad sunburn each summer growing up. I tell people that I acactually have 3 shade of skin, summer white, winter white, and lobster red. I go get checked regularly for melanoma because of those sunburns.
Great now I want to make naner bread. Wonders if that actually happened after this video? The Cavendish Banana is already modified but over years and years, it too used to have those big seeds. So imagine if it saves industry and the banana itself might as well. It's not like they are taking fish fluorescence and sticking in an orange or trying to bring back the dino's. This at least has a purpose.
Cavendish bananas would not exist if it weren't for genetic modification, people need to be less worried about the very natural process of making a fruit/vegetable/melon, what have you, more edible (or edible at all in the case of bananas and watermelon) and more worried about the amount of chemical preservatives and addictive substances (sugar, salt, and fat) in the food.  The mass-production scheme of the fatally wealthy is also a way to spread life threatening conditions (diabetes due to high sugar, hypertension due to high salt and obesity due to high fat) to low income communities by bottlenecking our food supply. Healthy food is expensive, unhealthy food is cheap. It's a real problem that not enough people acknowledge.
The plant hacks are cloning and techniques, the bananas and watermelon are high in sugar so good for quick starting roots and seeds. The problems were... The chilli: It needed to be opened, the seeds needed to be exposed to air and sunlight so they could dry and sprout. The aloe: You left it in to long, it needed to be transplanted into soil after a day. The leafy plant: It might not have even been able to get roots from that stem, not all stems can root, I didn't recognize the plant so I can't really verify if that was one or not. But if it was; you needed to change the water as soon as it started to get slimy instead of letting it sit in moldy water and banana mush, and like the aloe, needed to transplant way earlier. Regards from an amateur gardener! :)
"... You can see the banana is starting to rot and we've got this gross mould forming in the water-"  Was waiting for it to cut to a shot of Dave being handed the glass
All brown bananas in our house get frozen and eventually made into banana bread, pie or shakes!
Cavendish Bananas and seedless grapes/watermelons and virtually every other commercially produced plant or animal are GMOs. Selective breeding is modifying traits of that species. How is it any different if it's done in a lab, under a microscope? I agree that some circumstances involving them can be immoral, like seeds being given for free to an impoverished area by a company knowing the plants grown from them wont yield more viable seeds in order to keep farmers from just planting holdbacks and make them buy more seeds.(its a thing that happens look it up) but GMOs arent the big boogeyman people seem to want them to be. Most modifications made to gmo crops are to help them resist diseases while maintaining an expected quality, something more difficult to do when only using selective and cross breeding.
Personally i think that the GMO argument is useless on a food such as the Banana... not exactly nature's original design :/
I'm gonna be so mad if somebody ever serve me shredded banana peels
people who are against genetically modified food need to do more research. a fare amount of the food we eat has been genetically modified for millennia. before early humans started growing corn an average ear of it would be about the size of an adults pinky finger nail. early humans were smart and understood how to manipulate nature to benefit themselves and their children.
something else about the banana species that was wiped out in the 60's, i'm pretty sure that it was that species that artificial banana flavouring was based off of.
I just learned there are different bananas. I'm not ready to die
This is why GM isn't always bad. GM can be highly beneficial in some cases. It's not all black and white.
if bannas can be saved just by genetically modifying them then why are people angry? it is litterly the most popular fruit and if they go extinct like the gros michelle then bannas will be gone for good then.
I love your videos, Ann! Concerning GMO, I am vaguely distrustful. I don't object to bananas being altered to save whole food economies, or wheat, or other plants being developed, but I worry about any unforeseen results. Humans are great at innovating, not so great at modeling consequences beyond the set goal.
I recently learned, to slow down the aging of bananas, you need to separate the bunch from one another.
We had a tree of lady finger bananas, and to get them to ripen well we had to pick them while they were green and put them in a bowl with some already yellow bananas. You could see the green bananas slowly turn yellow based on what banana was closest to the yellow ones! It was really cool!
What if you put it in sealed plastic? Like without any air in it. Like when you buy meat bulk, divide it, and reseal it?   Also all food edible to humans is modified. We have used selective breeding in the food industry for as long as we have known about plants. This is a good thing, just because a bunch of people got their panties in a bunch over the idea that we can now speed up the process of selective breeding our foods by utilizing science so spread a bunch of misinformation is horrible ND to me right up there with the misinformation about the mmr and polio vaccines...
I didn't know putting chocolate chips into a banana and heating it was a "hack," that's just called campfire food! Wrap in foil and place on the coals of a campfire. Great with marshmallows, too :)
It's interesting that the wrapping thing is bs.. Most supermarkets where I live wrap the tops
Here is an idea instead of preserving it put it in the fride it browns very fast not like minets or hours but a few days idk why this works so well
GMOs? There is literally no food on the planet that isn't genetically modified in this day and age. You literally don't have a choice. The edible plants and animals that exist today have had their genetics modified in some way in the past.
My mom actually used to make banana boats like the one that the lady was stuffing chocolate into! basically, if a banana is at the point where it's not super fresh but it's not rotten, she would make a little boat out of foil, put the banana in it, slice it open, and put yummy stuff inside, such as chocolate chips, peanut butter, marshmallows, etc. Then we would pop it in the oven (NOT the microwave) for a few minutes, not sure the temp. When it comes out, it's like a warm banana treat. i think it's a hold over from days when my grandma would make food go as far as possible without any waste.
The problem with GMOs aside from what we don't know... the legal issue - someone owns a patent to a PLANT basically. Plants usually spread naturally and neighboring farmers can't control if seeds get carried over by wind/birds/... and get planted on their fields. That company that owns the patent can now sue the neighboring farmer, potentially put him out of business or force him to buy the plant, because maybe it's an invasive species and doesn't let the normal plants survive.  Then the things we don't know... we don't know how this would affect our health, the health of wildlife and the health of the planet. It's like a drug, I'm sure the dealer will give you a free sample just so you can no longer go without it and are forced to buy it next... So I would look a gift horse in the mouth whenever we see something coming from a lab without years and years of research and experience with the tech behind it.
Guys! The shoving chocolate into bananas is actually awesome! Slice them in the middle, shove blocks of ypur favourite chocolate and put them in the oven (standard, not micro). Wait a bit, once they start turning black, remove them. It's delicious.
see, me personally i dont see a problem with the genetically altered bananas bc it isnt making it something else, its still a banana, its just “vaccinated” so its much less likely to get a deadly disease (i couldnt think of any other way to describe it besides relating it to being vaccinated lmao)
I have a 100% legit life hack that never fails.   If you eat a banana it will never go bad.
I loved my erasable pen, especially to use in my planner in case I needed to make changes. That is, until I left my planner in the hot car and it all disappeared. 😰
1:50 Me, out loud, home alone: DON'T CUT TOWARDS YOUR FINGER! WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
The banana beads did worse than the unprotected beads 🤣
The sound is much lower than some of your other videos
Normally I'm not ok with GMO, however in the case of the Cavendish Banana I see no alternative for us. We love bananas worldwide,  and at the rate of spread well be out of plantations worldwide within 20years. So if we don't accept GMO then we loose our bananas for a second time.
Humanity has been 'modifying ' any and all plants for millenia. GMOs are perfectly safe, more drought and disease tolerant. Jfc I wish ppl would read the actual science! Not the new age BS.
Back when i was on a SUPER restrivtive diet as a little kid, my dad would make the banana and chocolate one when we went camping as a desert for me. I will never forget, and it was so special
I'm obsessed with the delicate, tragic, haunting music that plays as the bananas and plants die in vain, can't believe I'm tearing up over bananas with unfulfilled purpose
GMO and cancer seems closely related, I’m not eating GMO foods
This video is so quiet for some reason
We don't throw away the zombie banana we make banana bread
I'm kinda confused about the hanging banana. If you ever went to many outside street foods probably around Asia, you can see a lot of people selling bananas with it hanging. There is no other reason for why they do that other than saving storage.
Oh darn! I didn't expect to hear Greek in your video!  For everyone here that wants to know, the melted chocolate inside the banana was from a Greek woman.
The wild banana is still edible if you put it in the blender and blend up all the tough seeds.
Black bananas in my house equals BANANA BREAD!!!!!
Banana gene into banana…. No issue.   Fish gene into banana? Issue
I think GMOs are amazing when used right. Sadly, that's not always the case
Half as Interesting has a really good video explaining the Banana problem.
Eating geneticly altered bananas is going to pass banana genes into you and after a decade of eating those bananas, your babies are gonna be yellow and blacken as they grow older. This is obviosly a joke, but before reading this far did you believe it for a fraction of a second?
This 5 minute craft videos are so stupid. Thank you for debunking these.  With the GMO banana it seems fair to use it. As it would kill an industry and workers lively hoods.
A shot every time Ann says Banana
Most grown foods we eat are GMO....people freak out too easily.
As someone who has studied horticulture it is better to have modified, grafted, or selectively produced plants rather than letting the plants die put and ruin ecosystems, farms, and others.
I don't know why people are so reluctant to eat banana that has black spots on it because that's I think is the best time to eat the banana and I don't wanna be wasteful. But again I live in the tropics and here we have different kinds of banana and most are not as "spotless" as Cavendish peel, so maybe it's just me being used to the look of spotty banana.
27:52 All wild bananas are like that, including the ancestors of the Gros-Michel and the Cavendish.
Scientist: "Here's how avocados fall from trees" Clickbaiters: "MAKE BANANAS IMMORTAL WITH THIS ONE SIMPLE TRICK!"
Everything we eat is genetically modified. Get over it or starve.
Poor Dave 🙃 but he’s always funny 😆
THe choclate banana microwave was like something i had in a guadeloupe in a shack in the middle of shallow water. they had i think banana and chcolate syrup inside of it or somthing and it was cooked. i cant remeber
Bananas were like one of the first genetically altered and cloned fruit ever all bananas are the same breed because they're generally cloned there was no banana like the banana we eat today  where pick harvested  replanted and bread to be the bananas we have today and from there reusing the same banana source this is why the banana fungus is so deadly we only eat one banana scientifically genetically altering it it's just technically how do you sing it as they did at the very beginning just a lot faster not like they're taking a fish and putting it into the banana like other genetically modified organisms one gene from one thing that is totally different into another Gene that we want them perfect that is true gmo....  In layman's terms it's like how we have are many breeds of dogs and we make new dog species as well
If anything, the beads with the banana on have gone a stronger colour than the control beads!
I always recommend that people who are worried about GMO check out Skeptoid's articles/episodes on them. There are lots of footnotes and sources about it there, and a lot of debunking of false rumours and misconceptions about them (something interesting for any fan of Ann's debunking videos!).
I don't think anyone should eat banana peels. Bananas are sprayed with strong pesticide because of banana spiders. It might not be safe to eat.
Positive algorithm engagement comment!
Seeing the mictoeqved banana with chocolate brings me back to summer camp where one day for a camp fire activity we made "apple bombs" and "banana boats" banana boats were basically sliced up banana stuffed with chocolate wrapped in tinfoil and tossed in the fure pit. Apple bombs were apples eith the core removed stuffed with chocolate and marshmallow and wrapped in tinfoil and tossed in the fire.
The banana we eat was bred to have no seeds, watermelons also had a lot less flesh to eat, then with a few other plants we eat they were also bred.   So a banana being resistant to a fungi id still eat it. I love bananas and I love banana bread.
Why do bananas blacken?  Because you can blacken them prematurely with cold so I assume it's something crystallizing or polymerizing, not due to decay or other kinds of chemical reaction.
27:15 and this is why genetic modification of important crops is not inherently a bad thing.  Patenting them, selling them for exorbitant prices, yes that is wrong.  But genetic modification is our key to feeding the world as populations continue to explode.
The roots on the aloe plant look like roots that form when a plant cutting is just in water!
People that dislike GMOs are (imho) that way because of the mistrust that has been growing in general society against the lies an unethical behaviors by the scientists and governments in general in recent decades.  People are not believing that these are safe because of the lies that have been put forth regarding so many things that were held up as "safe." The benefits of things like GMOs, medications, chemicals and vaccines are far outweighed by all the lies that have been pushed on the general population of the world.  At some point, people stopped believing the boy that cried, "Wolf!" when the people found out that he was lying over and over again.  It does not help when corporations do things like pack bagged lettuce with gases to extend the shelf life in the store.  Then, when the customer opens the salad, it goes bad practically over night like the Pie Maker from "Pushing Daisies" touched it all again.  Planned obsolescence  for products like electronics, appliances, and clothing also adds to the mistrust that has been building. Now, the news media is breeding mistrust of our neighbors.  This is just a time bomb ticking in society. One cannot have this much mistrust without eventual horrible kickback.  There is so much repressed anger that is being fanned.  These fake videos are merely a symptom that the powers that be would rather push fake to make money and not worry about how this affects society and the kids of tomorrow.
The banana with the chocolate melted in the microwave... Back when I was at Girl Scout Camp, we made this as a campfire desert.  We peeled back one section of the banana and cut a strip out.  Then, we inserted mini marshmellows and chocolate into the banana.  We reclosed the peel and wrapped the banana in foil.  Then, we baked it in the campfire.  (I do not recall how long).  It was melted gooey and very yummy.  I have never seen this done in a microwave though.
Our bananas at home get brown very quickly BUT my dad always makes bananabread with those bananas :D
I mean if the genetic mutation only affects the fact that they’re immune to the fungus then I don’t see a big issue with it
Chocolate banana is so gooood, especially when done in an oven (wrapped in aluminium foil) and with some ice cream on the side. My mom sometimes makes them when our bananas are going brown and we have left over chocolate.   Edit: Dunno how it’s a hack though, I thought it was a common thing😭😭
The beads with the banana almost look like they got darker than the control so it almost looks like it intensified the sun which is crazy
GMO pretty good for the most part
Can we get a genetically modified gros michel?!?!? I heard that the banana flavor in candy is based on the gros michel, which is why it taste so weird. Anyway, the fact that the entire world had to eat a new banana is just wild to me.
Interesting. Thank you for sharing about the bananas and about skin care and diseases.  If your reading this I hope you have a great day and know. “For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16‬ ‭NIV
If you’re looking for a vegan barbecue replacement I would definitely recommend jackfruit over banana peels any day
Put some marshmallow in the banana and chocolate and you have abnana bboats, a real camp dessert you cook on the coals in aluminum foil.
My favorite stage at which to eat bananas is just at the end of the green stage: still firm and slightly tart.
Bananas can't control itself it is how it's made
The next gadget: banana mini fridge
I like how you explain how they fake the “life hacks”.
5 minutes craft is for the most part a waste of time and clickbait
GMOs are fine.
Genetic modification is the only way we survive long term as a species.
Every food we eat from plant based diets to meat rich diets has been genetically modified by us or earlier humans at some point... Because that way it's more beneficial for us...
Shesh gmo bananas?
hey! the chocolate in the banana is super tasty! But I recommend you put it in aluminum foil that you wrap around the entire banana and then put it in the oven (check out recipe online) or better yet over a fire :D YUMMY!
I think there are degrees of genetic modification. Putting a banana gene into another banana seems fine to me. I just worry about putting bug genes in rabbits and that sort of thing. I think there are dangers to randomly combining genes and producing and releasing something into the world when there's not nearly a long enough testing period to make sure nothing dangerous has been created...
I'll bet the 'Load up on products, the sun causes canceh!' folks feel pretty silly now (the ones paying attention, anyway). PS the benzene cancer in the sunscreen family is the jabs family is the 20% asbestos in the 'baby powder' and knew about it (hence the immense DOJ criminal fraud settlement- that went to the State, not the victims) family. Nature never lies, and Pubchem is your friend- btw, ditch the 'fabric softener' pthalates, they cause chronic bronchitis (and prenatal exposure, ano-genital malformations on male infants). You're welcome. (PPS get some 🌞, vitamin d deficiency is real and ubiquitous and the lack is not concomitant with continued life and health. Winter is coming.)
I was so looking forward to the chocolate Banana till they put it in the microwave :( Nooo! Chocolate banana is a campfire food! You wrap it in foil and throw it in the fire, then take it out when the banana has caramalised and the chocolate melted... it's delicious . If you see my comment, please try that again. There`s nothing quite like sitting around a fire with friends and eating chocolate banana.  You don't have to film it, I just want you to know. :)
GMO's aren't inherently bad. They can definitely be misused, but they can also do a lot of good. So long as we keep strict rules on how and when to use them, it should be fine.
The chocolate in the banana is what I did in girl guides we also put in marshmallows and wrapped them in foil and put them in the campfire it was delicious
I like my bananas a little old.
10:50 forward slash* And yes I am very fun at parties
I'm not sure if anyone else noticed, but the root from the aloe plant looked like string.
We put cling wrap on bananas  just because theres fruit flies in my place which make fruits spoil so much faster than it should be
The poor rosemary was just having a good time enjoying life
Oh, gosh, of course i watched this while eating a banana! 🤢
Here's a weird fun fact I learned not long ago about bananas! When bananas rot, they secrete a chemical that slowly kills other plants and rots fruits around them. So basically,bananas commit murder-suicide as they die/rot
I will eat modified bananas long before I eat plastic bananas so "plastic food printing" needs to stop.
I paused this video 20 times until I noticed the bird noises are in the video, not in my bedroom smh
Bananas are already GMO, most plants have been since farming was invented.
If we can keep bananas.... all for GMOs.
That wasn't an aloe Vera plant, and that leaf was from the wrong plant as well. It's important in your debunking to use the same plants in the video as you have no idea why these tricks work, or don't work. Aloe vera tolerates moister environments than other succulents, unlike the succulent you used. The tropical plant used in the video had root nubs, meaning the plant would have been capable of growing new roots. The plant you used does as well, but you cut it in the wrong place. This is a legitimate method of getting new roots to grow from a clipping.
I tried to tell my mother to stop covering our bananas with plastic wrap and told her why but she just won't listen, like she always does.
The clips at the beginning of FMC videos are just for looks, they never do anything   Which is stupid but whatever
Okay, to my eyes those "roots" at 3:35 look like white string. You can see the one on the left has been twisted or braided. Likewise, the loose end a few seconds later is frayed string.
Awesome content!
so much banana bread. Also with the GMO thing, literally EVERYTHING we eat in this modern day have been genetically modified. Selective breeding IS genetical modification and that's how we have the banana we consume. Downside to creating seedless variants is that well, the seeds they produce aren't viable for reproduction. So new banana trees are just cuttings from a parent plant, which is why a disease or parasite can wipe out the whole crop, because it's the same plant there's no genetic diversity to withstand the disease. That's  how we lost the 50's banana, that and because it was so tasty. We actually have the ghost of this banana in banana flavored candy, in case you ever wondered why it tasted so different from modern bananas. GMOs are very good and keep the food we eat on shelves.
13:45 reminds me of banana boats but usually you would put chocolate and marshmallows in it and then wrap the banana in tinfoil and put it in the edge of a fire I guess you could technically make it in the microwave but you dont get the experience
the one with the chocolate and the microwave is based off of a camp food i think, called banana boats. basically you cut a slit in the banana (you can just make 1 cut not what the person did) put in chocolate and marshmallows, wrap it in tin foil, and put in the hot ashes of a fire for a few minutes! It's actually pretty nice, I made them when I was young.
Huh, I thought there wasn’t much of a way to preserve bananas because O thought they create melanin rapidly. I learned something new today 🤓
I think i’ll just eat the bananas without any hack-flair (‘:
This Ann's daily engagement boosting comment from me
Why Banana flavour doesn't taste like Bananas now... is because the flavour is the pre 1960 banana...  I hate both... so no loss if we lose the 'na'na XD
The chocolate banana thing is called a banana boat and you make them while camping by putting it in foil and then the campfire. They're amazing. Favorite camping dessert.
I think someone saw that grocery stores have the tops wrapped together and assumed that was for freshness...it's done to keep the bunches together and prevent them from accidentally getting ripped at the stem.  I just put my son's half eaten banana into a vacuum sealed zipper bag and then popped it into the fridge. It didn't go brown and was still yummy the next day. I'm going to try peeling and vacuum sealing my excess bananas for the fridge to see if that works.
Engaging in great content!
idk why but the picture of the banana with all the seeds in it really freaked me out
The shivers I got from the idea of wiping sticky, yucky banana on my skin...
banana crimes
This is a great video, thanks for clearing up these misconceptions! But all I could think of through this whole video was James Acaster going: "He thinks he's too good for a free banana" lol
I’m all for GMOs. People are uneducated and don’t understand that the things they typically worry about regarding GMO foods are completely false. PRO GMO!
Anyone else look at those using bananas to grow plants videos and just think 'yeah no, I don't want that room/area getting infested with fruit flies thanks'
“Even monkeys peel bananas”  Wow.. that was SUCH a good point I was actually a bit blown away by it hahaha
So you’re telling me… that 5MC has stooped SO LOW now.. that they’re telling people to stick a pepper inside a banana, then stick the banana inside half a hollowed watermelon filled with dirt… FOR NOTHING?!?!?!   I SERIOUSLY WONDER if one day someone there was just like “I wonder just how far we can make people go with our videos.. let’s make the most random one with things that have nothing to do with each other, not give them an outcome or reason for doing it and see just how many views we’ll get!!”
I am for Gm foods. Why because there is one man who found a grain of wheat that is strong mixed it with other foods that are strong also. He has gone on to save over billion people. And he won a Nobel prize his name is Norman Borlaug.
Ann Reardon, do you have a cat or bird?
“a chili inside a banana in a watermelon full of soil” omg what a sentence.
Aren't like all crops genetically modified? I mean we made the crops that we know today ourselves they didn't used to look like that from what I've heard.
the banana with the chocolate chips looked like a variation on campfire banana boats, but those are not cooked in direct heat, they're wrapped in foil and put in the hot ashes to melt the chocolate and marshmallow. the one with the ink i thought was a reverse video and that the increased heat was going to make the banana more blackened.
If Ann writes a book on debunking I’ll read the heck out of it
I'm surprised the whole banana flavoring story didn't come up.
She should totally collab with Dr. Mike
Ok. Now I’m fuming angry 😤😡 with 5 min craft 😤😡 It’s the banana sunscreen hack. Of course it doesn’t work. But they literally tell people to skip the sunscreen, put banana-goo on their skin instead and then sit in the sun. Sunscreen prevents cancer and sun burns. Bananas won’t do that. So in practice, people might expose themselves to both sun burns and cancer. These “hacks” aren’t so innocent anymore!  Thankfully, there’s channels like this to debunk all of the hack channels shenanigans! 😅🙂
I just have this mental picture of Ann defending her experiment bananas from her hungry family.
Fun fact: bananas are naturally radioactive! 🍌
So everyone doesn’t have a separate banana fridge? Lol
Thanks for making this video! I've heard so much about all these hacks, including the peel-eating ones, but I always was suspicious.  Also you did an awesome job with all the educational content 👍🏻😊
That banana peel recipe was really popular in my country a couple of years ago when we had food scarcity, but with plantain peels instead of banana.
I put my bananas in the fridge. In the bottom shelf. They will turn brown on the outside but last longer on the inside than when I leave them on the countertop 🍌🍌
Imagine walking outside one day just to look to the side, witnessing some random person rubbing a banana peel on their face.
Cooking white chocolate in bananas is so good....
Actually, the chocolate in the banana is a common childhood snack here in Sweden. You can also do it in the oven. Also on the grill, just wrap them in foil and chuck them on a fire and so on.
I’ve never had banana peels but they were actually one of my dog’s favorite treats along white chile ancho (a type of dried chili) seeds  The lil guy had a funky sense of taste I guess haha (he’d get more excited about chili seeds than most treats haha)
Came here from a Twitter reply on a thread about bananas and I'm so glad I didn't skip on the link, so comprehensive and concise at the same time
l have a hack make banana bread from old bananas! also this  video was really nice to whatch
BBQ banana peel might not be bad just as a topping on like a burger
anti-GMO people are like antvaxxers, just dumb
or orrrr hear me out guys ...      *EAT THE DAMN BANANAS BEFORE THEY GO BROWN*
Your husband is a gem 💎
i make those banana and chocolate things when my family and I are out camping or are having a bonfire
That blueberry cake looked so yummy, and that yoghurt save looked so my too.
7:00 oh I would’ve figured it’s because there’s a sunscreen company called banana boat
I have just found you and think your video's are great. All I know about bananas is, they peel easier from the end opposite of the stem and they are my favourite fruit.
2:43 oh no my brother is dying
You go through a lot for us！I can imagine how stinky that was. Thank you so much！
Idc about organic or gmo or anything at all lol as long as it's edible and I like it, I'll eat it.
personally i think gmo plants aren't bad in fact i think they have helped the world a lot like whet, corn, melon, ect but i start to disagree with animals.
Ann, thank you for your videos! Shining some light in the internet 🤍 my only thing about the GMO situation is who holds the patent on it? If it’s some big corporation who is going to profit off of it, while those same communities who lost their crops are now just indebted to a corporation that doesn’t really have an interest in that community… well then 🤷🏻‍♀️
I've done a similar version of the banana peal "pulled meat", but using plantains instead. It's quite tasty actually but you need to simmer the peal strips it in liquid to soften them. I also cut them very thin instead of using a fork for better results. If you want to add BBQ sauce add it at the end after most of the cooking liquid has evaporated.
0:58 dude that second picture is so photoshopped it makes me laugh.
In terms of GMIlO I think people need to rotate the food supply. Panama disease is God's way of telling people enough is enough. It's like gardening at home. You can't keep planting the sane thing over and over you must rotate your crops. And people must stop being lazy and dependent. This is how Capitalism kills people. You can't base nutrition off money making. Humans are not gmo testing sites.
I was laughing at the folly of thinking that ethylene spews out of the stems (and her funny visualization of it), but then I had to eat humble banana pie about her ethylene ripening facts. I didn’t know that the ripening is triggered before the banana hit the shelves. Thanks Ann!
Ye it works my parents do that and the bananas ripe faster. So if you have green bananas, put a fresh fruit with the green bananas
You could just tape banana peels  all over your body and then your skin is protected from the sun! Brilliant hack 🙄
It looked photoshoped on the thumbnail of the garden video anyone else see that
3:36 Those kinda look like strings dipped in banana smoothie or something
Dave looks like an older Roman Atwood
,,
banana peel is probably really good at blocking uv if you make a shirt out of it....
"2020 has been bad times, soooo..." 🤷🏼‍♂️🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣♥️
Internet archive for dead links. Doesn't work if the page wasn't archived while it was still live, but I manage to get most dead links to work with it.  Also, Dave is a total legend for trying all these terrible hacks on camera for us
“I couldn’t find much on why they’d think banana peels protects your skin”  me- *banana boat* 👁👄👁
Dave is so brave.  He deserves some kind of award for being the official taster.
I think we should eat gmo banana because it is source of income  of many people . When I too don't want to eat food I eat Banana it's a good replace
14:08 I dunno what type of bananas you guys have in Australia, but here in Brazil i've been eating cooked bananas since i was a toddler and they are great and smell fine (usually cooked in the oven, but i've heated them fast on a microwave to have with ice cream, or honey, a couple of times and it's fine)
GMOs are great
You can actually see the banana one had more color than the control..my friends mother died before she was born…she survived (obviously) and it was from melanoma..
I'm sorry but is anyone else hearing a bird or a puppy just out of nowhere? It starts around the 24 minute mark.
Banana as we commonly know it today is alr a type that has been genetically modified to have smaller seeds /no seed and made to be more sweeter so....
Ann: I whould not recommend anyone trying this.   Also Ann: *Gives it to Dave*
"The bananas has gone bad!"
Those zombie bananas and other sort of videos keeps pooping up on my timeline, I just blocked them all.
You’re videos should be the one that’s going viral. They are a lifesaver.... 🖤🖤🖤.  Sharing right away.
When my bananas get dark and mushy, its perfect for banana bread or banana bread chocolate chip cookies!
13:45 oh it’s a banana boat! It’s a treat my family makes over the fire while camping, but we usually put strawberries and marshmallows in there too then cover it in tinfoil then let it cook over a fire then eat it. I think it’s yummy, but it’s not for everyone
I'm fine with GMOs- it's basically just a shortcut for selective breeding which we've done since agriculture became a thing. As long as you're not trying to make any killer tomatoes, I'm cool with it.
I don't really care as long as there is food I am happy😀😀
Genetic modification can be a great tool to help threatened crops, but flip side is just because you can add fish DNA to strawberrys doesn't mean you should. I support genetic modification in situations like bananas and Panama disease; were the modification I liken to a vaccine against a specific disease. A similar GM has been used to save papaya from ringspot virus. I am more concerned with GMOs produced by companies like Monsanto that insure sterile seeds are produced by plants so farmers can't collect seeds or their products produce a toxin that affects both beneficial insects as well as undesirable.
U have kittens? A dog? Or a parrot?
Nooooo I don't want banana bread to disappear
I’m indifferent toward gmos. We’ve been selectively breeding animals and plants to some degree since man learned how to domestic animals and farm. It’s things like the banana trees that make me feel grateful that science has come so far! This will save the lives of rural communities!
How are the monkeys going to eat?! Oh no!
Let’s cook it up and give it to Dave to try 😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
Those dislikes are from the employess of 5 minutes crafts
4:17 Hyram and Cassandra ae gonna be MAD!!! LMFAO🤣😭
i can smell this video 🤢
If you look at the alivera plant there's brown on the roots then attached on to it there are more roots
You can freeze them. And they stay good for months, but you have to eat them before they thaw
In horticulture, potassium nitrate is used to restrict foliage growth and encourage more root growth, the potassium in bananas is radioactive but no available to the plant until it's broken down, and it such a low level
No idea why people don't want their fruit ripe?...
I like my bananas green. Not super green, but sort of like, pale grass.
To be honest my favourite part of this was listening to an Aussie saying banaaaana 400 times 😂
So weird that we try to keep our bananas perfectly yellow when yellow bananas technically are still unripe…or at least not really sweet enough to eat in my opinion. When bananas have black bruises they will taste much sweeter cause of like science and stuff lol
Only problem I have with genetic mofified crops is that they are often rendered infertile, thus forcing farmer to bought every yeas new crop seed, not being able to reseed from the old ones. It's less a problem for things like fruit tree, but defintely one for cereals. Also, when they hybrid with real weird things. Tree with tree? okay. But trying to reuse a gene from a snail that can digest infested plant, to give them protection against a disease? That's seem dangerous. And likely to go bad, since you know, not the same type of organism at all.
That chocolate banana one is way better when you wrap it in foil and cook on a grill.
I am panamanian and i had no idea there was a panama disease
It's depressing but not surprising YouTube rewards this kind of content farm. YouTube would rather remove dangerous opinions than dangerous hacks.
I made the mistake of baking bananas to ripen them. Dont do it. Hot banana does NOT smell good.
Everything is gmo bananas now are super gmo like bruh did u ever saw what bananas oryginally looked like ? lol
We used to make banana dream boats at camp. You cut a banana like the microwave chocolate hack add chocolate and marshmallows, wrap in foil and place in the campfire coals to heat them up
You should try some of the banana recipes from the old Chiquita banana ads
Funfact: chocolate bananas are actually a common treat in both Germany and Switzerland (I don’t know where else, but I just have experience from these two countries because I live there). We don’t put it in the microwave tho, that would probably be disgusting. We wrap the bananas in tinfoil and either put them in the oven or (even better) chuck them either on the grill or in the hot ash. It’s very tasty…if you don’t microwave it -.-
what happens if you put the bananas in a plastic bag and then on the fridge? yellow firm bananas?
As someone who is always thinking about what I'm eating because of a sensitive system, IBS-D, and other conditions that improve or get worse by what I eat - I don't really care about GMO. A lot of food says "Non-GMO!" but if modifying something allows us to feed people, and it isn't making the food give everyone fatal diseases, why not? We are intelligent life forms with a curiosity and we need to use that to improve earth, not harm it. Modify a plant to not destroy natural resources but it doesn't give me cancer? Heck yea. Not have an entire type of food go extinct and allow people to thrive? Sure! Modifying things doesn't have to mean it is bad. Science is amazing and if things can be modified for the positive I say we should go for it, we want this world to last for all of those that come after us - make it better, not worse.
I used to make those microwaved chocolate bananas all the time as a kid 😅 Thinking about it now it was kind of a weird smell and texture
People seem not to understand why GMOs are ever considered a problem. It's not the tomatos with fish genes are fish or whatever, because they just aren't. The problem is that  the insecticides that were killing the non GMO crops -- shocker of all shockers -- are pretty toxic. Otherwise the problem is the monopolistic behavior that Monsanto engages in and the many other ways that they cause real damage to people's livelihoods, etc.
We need better education on GMO.
BEN BEEEEEEEEN BEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
Whenever i see a 5 minutes crafts video (or any content farm for that matter) i doubt its reliability from the very start now 😂
Aren't all fruit and vegetables as we know them now essentially GMO? Is there really a difference between selective cross breeding and lab cultivated changes?
in india kerala people eat green  banana and make curry
Ann, please do a video debunking people's fear of GMO! I want people to know about corn, Lenape potatoes and golden rice.
14:00 That's a very common camp snack, only people usually put them on the grill/camp fire and not in the microwave.
if y'all want a vegetarian/vegan burger you can make the patty using potatoes or cottage cheese. trust me, being an indian it's delicious. you can easily find the recipe on internet.
Monocropping scares me far more than GMOs
She protecc, She atacc, But most importantly, She got 5 minute crafts on its bacc
How to keep your banana fresh: -Don't, just make banana bread when they are browned. (The peel colors, not the banana, it's still good.)      Boom done. I blew your mind.
As a kid i remember learning about oxidation how it can cause rust on cars make food go bad   Now theres social media why does your fruit go bad???  Me ummm... oxidation ????  Internet : its THE GAS INSIDE BANANAS!!!!   LMAOOO
When she mentions the melanoma me just being a child thinking about all those times I was a tomato.....
Yes banana is the Best fruit
Did you know that we have banana DNA that a fun fact my classes teacher me strange stuff lol
As someone who has a degree in biotechnology people need to stop spreading misinformation about genetically modified foods aka GMOs. Most of the food we consume is a gmo and it doesn't mean they are weird or something, they're just altering a trait to the level of desirability eg. Tomatoes in most countries are gmos because the parent or original plant tend to have bad shelf life and the skin is fragile so they are modified to give them a higher shelf live and thicker skin which makes it easier to transport. There are gmo livestock's like cattle which is altered to be disease resistant or provide more milk. They're altering this for easier production which in chain provides more employment and  less food short I could go on about this but the point is gmo foods shouldn't carry a stigma
I honestly don't care about GMOs at all. If you can make my food for cheaper (while still retaining the flavor and texture), go ahead.
What my thoughts are on a GMO? Well it's pretty simple. I eat food that was "made" (altered? created?) by bombarding it with tons of radiation (and so do you. It's known as "Organic" food). So why would I care if someone selectively inserted a gene that makes that food better without all the trial and error?
Take a shot every time Ann says banana 🙂
Here in Germany they even sell bananas with wrapped tops 🤦‍♀️
Love the Austin Powers refrence
Zombie? That’s peak ripeness
Natural bananas on the inside are hard to look at
Maybe they through banana boat sunscreen was made from bananas....
I didnt expect to have a panic attack over a banana today but that picture of the wild bananas KILLED My Trypophobia- next time a bit of a warning please?
Now I want to know what happens when you put bananas in a sealed bag and in the fridge (with and without the apple).
Legends say that, to this day, the purpose of the chili pepper inside the banana placed into a watermelon filled with soil is still unknown.
27:55  This  banana is  pure  nightmare fuel.
Dave, I'm in love with your wife. (please don't tell MY wife)
Oh why would you want to keep it yellow? In our family we don't eat them and let them get brown forcing my mom or someone else to make banana bread!
I have a keyring i made with those beads like 6 years ago, they dont work as well anymore haha
The banana peel recipe had been used by the poorest people in Venezuela for some years since the economic collapse. I never tried before I left. People was trying to substitute meat and the sad is that people really liked this recipe because some of them got very good cooking this and they said it was like eating real meat, but the lack of protein is the big problem here. People was just creating the illusion of eating some protein, but it was nothing but vegetable, which is not bat at all, but it was not protein.
I love your videos! But the audio is always so quiet! I have to put my tv on 35 (this particular video I had to put it up to 40), when it’s usually on 12 😩 and then ads nearly bust the speakers lol
If people are hungry/starving,...they don't care if the food is GMO, gluten-free, vegan, etc....as long as it is edible
I don’t see any problem with GMO; save the bananas!
GMO has its place definitely!! Like this, thank god for it I reckon
Ooh saucy lol
if you don't want them to go brown just eat them
I just don't understand people's problems about GeMos! Please watch the Video about genetically modified plants by kurzgesagt: in a nutshell
Oooo saucy baby
the easiest way to preserve food is a vacuum seeler, teprature (can variate with varios foods) or if you like a crunch to ur fruits and veggies freeze drying
Using the internet archive would allow you to see information on old sites!  Hope you see this comment, so you can use it for future research! Loved the video.
She is a straight up scientist 👌🏽
10 fun facts about bananas:  1. the reason banana flavoured candies taste completely unlike bananas is because they are designed with an artificial flavour that is supposed to taste like the Gros Michel bananas (26:05), as they were the main type of bananas when the flavour was created. That just shows how different banana varieties are 2. Cavendish bananas were actually bred specifically because most other bananas have seeds and don't taste the same. 3. related to the previous fact, monkeys actually don't eat bananas (in the wild, however they will eat one if it is fed to them). The reason they don't eat bananas and the reason this is related to the previous fact is because of the seeds 4. The most popular fruit in the US is apparently a banana, and the top fruit in Canada (where I'm from) is a blueberry (according to a quick google search). 5. Cucumbers are a fruit, not a vegetable, meaning both of the main characters on Veggietales (Bob the tomato and Larry the cucumber) are actually fruit. so it should be called Fruitytales or plant-tales. 6. Fact #5 is not a banana fact 8. bananas are not my favourite fruit, that goes to pomegranates 9. I skipped fact #7 10. I ran out of banana facts
the only cooking channel i love
I don’t mind GMOs but I don’t like GMOs the allow our food to be sprayed with roundup.
Omg that seeded wild bananas S H O O K ME Like a wierd spotty slug ughr
I only heard of the ethylene gas ripening bananas fairly recently so idk much about it but ai have heard bananas don't know how to stop ripening and will affect other bananas near it in a "banana suicide"
I’m not trypophobic but I saw that wild banana and was like ah. I get it
Bananas arnt my favorite but banana smoothie is nice
I never knew there was so much about bananas. Wow! Thanks for teaching us.
I love watching your videos! It is always engaging and insightful. Everytime I learn something new! I really appreciate all the effort you put into researching the content to ensure we get the facts. Thank you so much for you quality content and I hope a lot more people start to appreciate this channel. ♡
I was just sunburned really badly yesterday ;____;
I love how intelligent she is. ♡
Are banana boats not a thing in Australia?
Are the "roots" not just the stringy part of bananas
Dave it's  the definition  of true love  how many years of try  all kind of things and he still there
I want more 😭😭😨😨 i keep rewatching 😥😢
27:27 i was under the impression bananas were massively genetically modified anyway??
Hhhmmmmmm mumkeee
No the worlds favorite fruit is a tomato.
Does anyone else hear a high pitched cat meow over and over about 2-5 seconds apart. I think it started around 24:15 . Please say this isn’t just me!
24:28 wait! Yall dont own banana fridge? What a loss
Lol Love that comment "even monkey's peel their bananas" and its so true lol
MY MOM ALWAYS SAID WITH AVOCADOS TO MAKE THEM MORE RIPE PUT THEM IN THE DARK AND BANANAS TO KEEP THEM FRESHER DON'T LET THEM SIT LONG AND JUST EAT THEM BEFORE THEY GO BROWN LOL YEP THATS MY MOM FOR YA
Just an fyi about the sunscreen she uses, it would actually be better to use reef safe sunscreen if you're planing on going in the water, or you can use a sun shirt which can still allow you to tan, if you do plan on using non reef safe sun screen please wait for it to soak into you skin before entering the water. If you like going snorkeling and love ocean life please take what I've said into consideration
Beyyyynnn
"Even monkeys peel bananas"  That's so TRUE
I feel sorry for dave He has to taste horrible foods Poor dave) :
Living in the country with lots of banana plantation. You cant stop banana from turning brown. But you can make banana cake
Do you think you could test the tiktok hack where bananas and other fruits acquire a rubbery texture
Omg the desesperation in the bananas timelapse really moved me
BEEEEEYYYYYYYYIIIIIIIINNNNNN
The vegan use of banana peel can actually be pretty tasty, depending on the dish you're making. I'm personally a fan of strogonoff. But it's way better to do so if you know the right seasonings, ways to cook it beforehand, and so on. In summary, a nice thing for vegans who like kitchen experiments, not so much a hack... Also, cooked bananas are kinda of a cultural thing, I suppose: here in Brazil you'll find a lot of hot dishes that use it. But to each county their own: I'll NEVER understand why people eat their avocados with salt instead of sugar, while my friends from the US think sweet avocados are the weirdest 🤷‍♀️ In any case, your videos are always fun and informative, and this is no exception.
Plantains?
Ok I know this is an older video but:  the banana and chocolate is something I used to do as a kid... but only on a barbecue while camping. The textures a lil weird but it basically tastes of banana and chocolate. The draw was having a sweet desert that you could also barbeque, and didn't need much packing or any cleaning when you were in the wilderness. It was sweet and kinda fun but not something I'd ever feel the need to replicate outside of those circumstances lmao
being virulently anti-GMO is dumb, literally every crop we grow today is genetically modified. modern day corn, for example, looks nothing like the plant it was originally cultivated from. people either just really don't understand genetic modification or they're uneducated food puritans who don't care about people in developing countries
New fear unlocked bananas on your skin
13:42 OH NO SHE'S GREEEEEEEK, STOP EMBARRASSING US ALL
The only issue I see with GMO is that some of the companies have super shifty policies and practices that screw over the farmers that work for them. Other than that? GMO is no worse than selectively breeding animals to make breeds imo, and some animal breeds are down right animal abuse bc the animal suffers its entire life.
More debunking videos please
10:01 *ooo saucey baby ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)*
I've never had a problem with GMO's. "Genetically modified" is one of those terms that a lot of people get scared of, but it really just means foods that have been cross-bred and genetically spliced with other foods to make them produce more, give them resistance to diseases and pests, etc. and it's not harmful.
“One bad sun burn as a child can double the risk of getting melanoma as an adult”  *Me having a flash back to 13 years ago at a pool with my friend for 4 hours, and had a horrible sunburn for a week, with a few blisters, and lots of peeling skin*  I,,, uh,,,
Five minute crafts?more like five bad crafts 😆
The banana peel coated beads actually looked like they got darker than the control group on my screen, almost like it has a UV intensifying effect. : /  Dave: "Even monkeys peel bananas." lol  Edit: and people will only be anti-genetically modified food until they cant have bananas (or insert another food that replacing would cause inconvenience) anymore. People are more philosophically against GM foods than they are realistically.  Edit edit: and the Gros Michel being changed over for Cavendish is why banana flavored things dont taste like banana. They modelled that flavor from the Gros Michel before the blight.
Fascinating. As to GMO's... without genetic modification, we wouldn't have corn (maize), or easy-to-process wheat. So for me, all we're doing is giving evolution a hand. There is always the problem of unintended consequences, as we've learned when introducing flora or fauna to a new environment to control something else...
When he said “oooo saucy baby” this tigger me to remember Austin power
Why are people so upset about GMO? GMO helps society with a lot of things, a very long time ago there were corn stalks that had corn half the size of corn today, because of genetic engineering they solved that problem
The venomous line semiannually exercise because chive chiefly recognise till a unbecoming cat. elite, elfin schedule
my food tech teacher once told me that bananas are herbs         I have trust issues now
Idk why I’m watching this I’m allergic to bananas
If the grand Michelle is considered the better sort of banana, because of better peel for handling it and taste, why not bring this sort back with GMO?
Hello, Ann! I hope you and your family are well! I have kind of a random question. What’s the shade of holographic nail Polish you’re wearing in the video? I absolutely love it!!! ❤️❤️❤️ Thanks, in advance!!! 😊
0:55  they failed misurably to photoshop that plant in the banana
I'm fine with genetically modified bananas. As long as the taste the same if not extremely similar I'll eat them.
Isn't all fruit, vegetables and animals been genetically modified in one way or another, only difference is now we are using more science and computers
the leaf they stuck into the banana is the funniest one because the actual easy way to propagate monstera like that is to just.... put it in water! no banana required! granted you would want a cutting that actually has root nodes on it so the roots have somewhere to grow out of, but propagating plants like monstera and philodendron and pothos in water is a very common propagation method. i guess that doesn't seem very 'life hack'-y, though, huh....
Honestly, all of her videos are educational, entertaining and fun to watch. Thank you Ann for blessing us with a new video every week :)
I like bananas but I prefer oranges and watermelons!!!!
Hello :) I think GMO's can be done in a natural way. Some of the ways companies like Monsanto incorporate GMO's in their crops makes me shudder and seems harmful.
We do a thing in my house where we buy very green bananas, it helps us keep our bananas ripe.
The dislikes are from the 5 minute crafts company. I-
I thought those pens worked with graphite suspended in liquid that's why they rub out
What do you do with all the food that is left over in debunking videos??
Is cooked banana not very common in the US? Like fried banana and stuff like that? Sometimes when we barbecue, we do the chocolate in banana thing, then wrap them in foil and put them on the grill.
I cant even eat perfectly yellow bananas, I like em in the early zombie stages lol
Thank you Ann for answering that question of what happens to the banana, chili pepper and watermelon. I have been wondering about that "hack" for over a year since I came across it. Being a culinary graduate I could never understand what they could possibly get out of that combination!!! I thought maybe it was some gardening hack that I wasn't aware of. What a waste...😠 I am so glad you decided to do this video. And yes, Dave 2020 was a hard year. 🤣🤣🤣
I I had infinite access to bananas, 5,000 bananas will be eaten in 12 hours.
Ann, Would love to see a clip video of your husband's tasting parts, lol, some of the worst and the best.
Thanks for helping us debunk Ann you awsome
If it looks like a banana, tastes like a banana then who cares if it's modified. So many fruits and veggies have been modified to look appealing or taste better. I for one will not care so long as there are no health risks. If Bananas become extinct then I will never be happy again as it is my go to fruit and snack.
I think the beeds which were coated with banana look more colorful than the beeds without anything, could it be that bananas make it even worse to get a sunburn
If you have brown bananas you can freeze them, throw them in the blender. and boom vegan ice really
My favourite thing about seeing a fellow Aussie on Youtube is the instantaneous anger when faced with false sun safety information. I know you've done more than a few debunking videos (and I intend to watch them all because this was great fun to watch) but I had no idea there was so much misinformation about bananas out there
I love how educational this chanel is
I'm one of those weirdos who prefers my bananas slightly under ripe.  I buy them as green as possible so they will last longer, but I find that can be misleading.  I've had bananas that still had a lot of green on them actually turn out to be ripe to over ripe.  I'm not fond of the flavour of ripe bananas, and cannot stand over ripe bananas.  Genetic modification has been in use since we started farming.  "Breeding" is a form of genetic modification, because you are selecting for, or trying to get rid of, particular genes.  I think genetic modification is necessary for some things (the Panama disease is a perfect example of it being necessary).  Of course, genetic modification can be abused.   There is far too much misinformation about GMOs, and more education is needed about them.
Keep strong. Dont forget that despite the evil in this world, God is full of justice, mercy and love.   Justice said we broke His perfect law - causing the world's previous perfection to be destroyed - and therefore we deserve Hell (like a punishment in any legal system but this is eternal as His perfect law is eternal too). Don't think you fit in that category? Ever done one of these?: lying, stealing - regardless of how small the object EVER, hating others - which is murder in God's perfect law, lusting (plus God sees our entire thought life). Justice says "the soul that sins shall die". BUT, mercy said "I dont want to give them what they deserve. I don't want them to be cut off from Me. I love them despite all they have done/will do against Me. I want to give My children another chance. I want them to come home and live in My love again".   And love said "Jesus, God's Son, came down as a Man, our representative, suffering every temptation, pain and struggle we have ever faced, yet without sin. He took all our sins (past/present/ even future) to the cross and then crucified EVERY ONE on our behalf. Justice was paid on the cross so that we can be free from Hell's punishment, experience Gods mercy of forgiveness of sin and live in His love. If we turn from the sins we have committed and repent (turn away from our sin and pursue the opposite direction of love through Christ) He will, overtime, recreate us back into that previously perfect image through The Holy Spirit which Jesus sends to all who accept Him as their personal Lord and Savior of their life.  He is in Heaven right now preparing a place for us so that He can take His faithful, believing children home with Him when He returns. He will ressurrect us from death when He returns, giving mercy to those who accept His love, instruction and teachings in their life, and give justice to those who refuse it.  He doesn't want ANY of us to go to Hell and die for continuing in evil and rejecting His way to life, thats why He died FOR us. He wants us to be His and begin to follow His life of love and service through Him (not ourselves as it's impossible without depending on His power and instruction). So long as we keep our hearts near to Christ through His strength, strive to obey His will of perfect love revealed in the Bible, and ask Him to help us in the midst of (very certain) pitfalls and struggles, we will, in time, win the victory over sin, pain and DEATH through Christ. Even if you are willing to be made willing, pray for Jesus to come in and He will.   NOTE: You are NEVER too sinful or messed up that God cannot turn your life around through Jesus. EVER.  X if you have any questions let me know!
many of the fruits and vegetables we eat today were genetically before GMO was a thing.
I wonder if Cristine from Simplynailogical will see this video? I could see her doing the ink trick for Ben lol
Smearing a banana on yourself in the summer? Please don't. Flies and wasps will attack your face because your face is going to smell like food.
I don't care about GMO foods; as long as they're safe and benefit us, what's the problem?
I think people who would be against a banana plant being combined with another plant are a little bit crazy. Bananas as we know them are ALREADY man made. What difference does it make?
I read a few years ago that the banana plants are so susceptible to disease is because most of the plants are "clones". So they don't use seed and the plants can't breed and develop a stronger, more immune plant Been a while since I read that so correct me if |I'm wrong. I think about that every time I see bananas :(
Do people not like bananas when green  I like them better green.
Out of curiosity, why did you say you want to wear dark colors for being out in the sun? I thought that WHITE (or light colors) *reflected* sun rays vs BLACK (or dark colors) which *absorb* heat and rays? Or is dark colors a better protectant for UV rays?
the bananas with the seeds give me nightmares
There is nothing wrong with GMO food. Its just making food better to grow, eat, reproduce, etc. There is some GMO that seems unethical, at least to me, like the turkeys that have breasts so large they cant reproduce by themselves anymore but they are turkeys bred and grown specifically for human consumption, not wild turkeys.
Just to dive in here, a bit late I know. My problem with GMO crops is more a lack of trust in the ethics and motivations of the food industry rather than a rejection of genetically modifying plants. It is obvious that if companies could make a food/plant that sells well, needs to be bought regularly, lasts well in ships and shops but not well in the home and has high profit margins they would do it regardless of whether that food has any nutritional value, without testing the long term effects of the changes and without any care for the environment. I try to grow some food at home in the UK because what is available in the store, especially tomatoes for example, doesn't taste anything like the actual home grown fruit. AFAIK tomatoes are now grown for their uniform size, and uniform growing times, resistance to disease and pest, cost of fertiliser and water plus the  ability to resist bruising or spoiling, and ability to be picked green and ripened later with gas. The only things they are not developed for is their taste and nutritional content. Globally we need our food to be good for us to eat. In this case of Anne's, where GMO is  saving a food species from a globally eradicating disease? I have no problem with it.
So a actual way of make it last longer is put it in somewhere in the shadow and with wind
it wasnt just the roots that changed....by the time they went to re plant it in dirt it was a whole diff plant look at the diff in the top from start to finish
Doesn't the peel have some nutritional benefits though? Like, when blended into smoothies? I remember back when my mom and I had a Costco membership we saw a guy making spinach, banana and lime smoothies and he was just washing the fruit, cutting off the woody bits but blending them all in a Ninja or some similar food processor that promotes a smoother smoothie. Maybe that's where someone thought it would be a good medium for a noodle or pulled meat substitute at the very least?
As a vegetarian, the banana peel pulled pork is just so viscerally upsetting. That isn’t food. There are a million better ways to do this. Why. WHY
Out of curiosity, I wonder why would they say black clothing in the sun? I was always told to wear white or light colors when you have to be in the sun. Darker colors obsorb light while lighter colors reflect it.
I’m autistic and bananas are my biggest food aversion but I like Ann’s videos so much I still watched it!
Don't eat banana peels, some part of the pesticides get absorbed and you'll never be able to scrub them off.
Fun fact i don’t like bananas
So whaf happens when you put a banana in a plastic bag into the fridge? Would it have yellow skin and normal insides, or brown skin and rotten insides?
haha omg i love Dave! 😂
I really don't understand why people have such a huge problem with GMOs, but I have a degree in ecological engineering so I'm biased ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
There is a way to grow a new plant from the leaf of a parent plant but you just need water
What's a capsicum?
Also Jeffery Epstein didn't kill himself
Maybe they thought the first one is how you grow banana peppers.
Just sitting here, watching this, enjoying my sweet, home-grown bananas on toast. Once you've had bananas that have properly ripened on the plant, you'll never want to go back to those tasteless, floury things that pass for bananas at the supermarket.
The silliest thing about wrapping the stalks on bananas is that bananas tend to rot from the middle. If you grow bananas and leave them on the plant, the stalk end is the last bit to ripen.
I don't want to eat that genetically modified banana! I might become resistant to fungus!
Fun fact, cavendish bananas are especially susceptible to Fusarium infection because they’re clones! In a plantation, they (theoretically, because mutation could still occur and you wouldn’t know unless you sequenced the DNA), all have the same DNA. In non-clonal mono cultures, there’s genetic diversity and so that can help to where some plants may be resistant to a particular disease or have a naturally better immune system. So since one cavendish banana is susceptible to Fusarium, they ALL are because they have the same DNA and therefore the same immune system.  Also, fun fact, (I took a cell culture and genetic engineering course in undergrad) a lot of people don’t know this, but “traditional breeding” for crops often includes taking a plant and exposing it to mutagens to, of course, force mutations to potentially get a new kind/slightly different crop. Often times, traditional breeding can seem “more scary” to people than GM, especially since you truly don’t know what will happen when you force a plant to mutate. With GE, we know exactly what DNA we’re using, and there are ways to figure out if the DNA has gone into the correct spot. There are also ways using GE to make it to where plants are sterile, making the chance of those genes getting out into native populations basically zero (I say “basically” because nothing is 100% in biology, there’s so much we don’t know, so there’s almost certainly an exception to a rule, just statistically speaking).  However, both traditional breeding and GM have been found to be perfectly safe and GM can actually produce plants that are better for the environment as we can insert genes (like the research Anne talked about) that boost a plant’s immune system, and so we can use less pesticides. Additionally, GM regulation is a lot more intensive than is necessary. There’s a very very high cost, both in time and money, in producing a single GMO (or event, as they’re called). This is largely due to the fear surrounding GM, and while it’s good to be safe, GM has a much greater potential for helping people and reducing the use of pesticides if it was better understood and accepted.
Here in Mexico the conflict with GMOs is they're planted and pedaled by huge corporations like Monsanto and threaten to wipe out both local economy and commerce and our native species of corn, for example, of which we have red, purple, blue, yellow, white... "Alimentary sovereignty" is what is being threatened. Also the genetic diversity protects species from threats like panama disease, which if they were all of the exact same variety, like the cavendish, a single plague can wipe them all out.
how to keep banana fresh... me: just freeze everything o.o
This sounds more like cross breeding bananas, which has been done for probably hundreds of years with many fruits and vegetables.  I think of GMO as putting the gene of a fish into a banana. What she describing, even if technically GMO, wouldn’t concern me at all, assuming the wild banana the gene is for is edible.
for some reason i had thought that the candy-flavored, near-extinct banana variety was the cavendish one, but evidently i had that backwards lol (looked it up to confirm).  i wonder if, in addition to inserting the fungus-resistant gene into cavendish bananas, people are also going to start looking into breeding other banana varieties to have smaller seeds or even making seedless versions of other banana varieties.
i don't understand the uv rays part, can someone please explain. i understand the banana part, but why do we have to cover ourselves from sun. Are those rays that much harmful?
Ann : do you trust me? Ann’s microwave: with every cell on my body
Heres a mango hack: put bananas near mangos to make the mangos ripen faster!
People who are opposed too GMOs are the same kind of people who believe retarded 5min craft videos.
Evolution is naturally a genetic modification, just takes a bloody long time.
I have no issue with eating or the production of GMO food, that's probably because I've read up on the subject extensively and think the term 'Frankenfood' is a dangerous and misleading term. What is better, a food genetically modified to be disease resistant, a food that has to be covered in chemicals to prevent it being destroyed by insects, bugs or disease or not having that particular food at all because it has been destroyed by disease.   Thanks for another interesting, informative and thought provoking video.
Eh, i'm stupid already, I don't worry about GMO's
Lets all Respect Dave
Ok but the thing that surprised me the most is that the hanging bananas randomly grew holes in them super fast
A thing that I'd like to mention, even if I'm months late to the party, is that there is no current scientifically shown drawbacks to GMOs in food, at least, in terms of nutrition, health, etc. There are a handful of problems that may possibly occur, and most of them have nothing to do with the GMOs themselves. There are potential biodiversity issues and similar problems, but GMOs solve those as much as, if not more than, they cause them, but the real issues with GMOs is that laws haven't kept up with the times, and, worse, have actively supported predatory practices and other negative behaviors from GMO-based companies. Monsanto, for example, is the absolute scum of the earth and has used their ownership of genetically modified crops to litigiously attack (in other words, sue for no good reason) countless farmers who are just trying to get by. They've abused GMOs to make it seem acceptable to use poisons that may be causing considerable ecosystem damage. They've done all sorts of other things that they shouldn't be allowed to do, but because there's no law against any of it or because they've paid people off and used their power as a massive company, they just... Keep doing it. Nobody stops them. And the farmers who they target may be anything from poor to reasonably well-off, but they never go after someone who could actually fight back against a gigantic corporation's level of lawyers. They have, on multiple occasions in the past, essentially destroyed someone's life because they thought that maybe possibly this guy could have been the one who found some corn seeds in a ditch and took them. They then decimate the guy with law suits, drive everyone away from his shop because everybody thinks he's a thief or something, and then spontaneously vanish with no further comment other than "guess we got the wrong guy" before the suit completes, leaving a completely innocent man out thousands upon thousands of dollars not even counting the losses of business from the reputation damage. The problem with GMOs isn't GMOs. It's corporations. Just like... Well, a whole lot of other stuff.
If you think about it, all our foods are GMOs because "natural" varieties are not edible. Their main purpose is to produce seeds and reproduce. Humans cross-pollinated, ie gmo, certain crops to get what we have today. Now if you're saying gmo as I'm adding animal dna to plants than yeah that's a no from me. Adding plant dna to plant dna doesn't really make it unnatural because it can happen out in the wild "naturally."
The people who dislike this kind of video are a special type of stupid. They live in lala land no logic no good conversation. I guarantee in a line-up I could pick them out easily!!! The same kina people who get annoyed when someone tells them unicorns aren't real.  Ann is an absolute goddess no question also no surprise she has an Irish surname👏 Yes im enamoured with her  🤣🤣🤣 Keep up the good work Ann you ate shopping is all a really important service all jokes aside  If you have under-ripe fruit or veg that you want to ripen put a banana in close proximity And it will quicken the ripening  of said fruit because of the gas. Banana boats exist because they have to be unlike other fruit transported with just banana  Other fruit are transported with each other.
my my my.   I was dreaming that in the shop they asked me to pay for the banana with a whole apple in it, but i pick it up from my mom, not from the store :D
the chocolate in the banana is actually a recipe in France called "péché mignon" (delicious weakness) or "banane au choc'. i would put black chocolate and leave the banana for half an hour in the oven. not sure i want to try it in the oven though... I thinks it s very tasty, the melted banana mixing with the melted chocolate is really good.
soo, we are eating the ethalin???
Growing up, I saw that raw fruits were put in sacks with rice to ripen them up faster. As a child, I had not doubt that it worked. But now, I think it was more because of a stable and regulated environment that it seemed to work. What are your thoughts regarding this?
"Even monkeys peel bananas"
a lot of people get plantains and bananas confused
My parents swear bananas taste different from when they were kids.(early to late 60s)
The greek girl presenting the chocolate banana was basically drooling over it with what she said
we used to do the banana and chocolate thing when we we`re kids, but we had it in foil and grilled it on a fire
Even monkeys 🐒🐵 peel bananas 🤣🤣🤣
This time on “Ann accidentally makes a Temponaut timelapse video”
27:55 OH OH OH, TRYPOPHOBIC SCREAMING
The chocolate one should be done on the bbq. I do this as dessert. Lil rum, lil chocolate, wrapped in aluminium foil and put them in the hot coals. And when they are a little softer and the chocolate has melted take them out and eat them with some whipped cream😍
The sunblock one really makes me mad. It's one thing to spread disinformation. But to the point of endangering people's lives, this has gone too far. Imagine someone contracting skin cancer because of this and their channel is getting sued.
I've never heard of wrapping banana stems to keep them from ripening, however, I have heard (since I was a kid) that some grocers/produce markets wrap the stems because the peel and stems contain latex and they didn't want to risk allergies/contact-dermatitis.
Everything is dying... It's so sad...🥺
Humans have been genetically modifying plants basically since the beginning of time! It’s called crossbreeding the only difference is that recent technology has made the process easier and it doesn’t take decades anymore!The hesitation to eat gmo fruits and vegetables comes from a lack of understanding of the science behind it and the sensationalism of “health” buzz words like non-gmo or organic!!!
I don't have a seperate naner fridge... But wine fridges or cellars would be a great place to store bananas, sounds like!
If GMO helps save a whole fruit a whole population of work a whole food shortage I say go for it
I doubt the leaf in the banana would have grown roots but the leaf you put in the banana didn’t seem to have a node so it couldn’t grow leaves even in best conditions
This channel fills the hole in my heart left behind by The MythBusters
I need to recommend how to cook that to my friend
20:30 * angrily typing my cmts *
Genetically modifying crops could help save the world if done properly. Yes, if you buff up a plant too much, it could spread into the wild and destroy entire ecosystems. But there are several well-explored methods to prevent that. Yes, unknown biochemical cross-reactions could make the crop toxic for consumption. That's why you have to test it carefully before permitting its cultivation (just as you have to test any food and drug). I think the main reason for people rejecting genetic modification is missing knowledge on the topic. We have to embrace this possibility instead of alienating it. The latter will leave it to the Chinese and they are not known for taking the environment into consideration.
We used to make the banana choclate things on the last day of Girl Scout camp. Take a banana, cut a chunk out, add coco marshmallows and s’mores chocolate, wrap in foil, bake like  potato over the fire then boom hot banana boat!
Haha in many parts of the world people eat every part of the banana tree, EVERY part....., a banana peel is not a big deal. But you should try banan flower, it much better.
Hahah that's funny you didn't know about chocolate bananas. Here in Iceland we LOOOOOVE them and the kids are crazy for it! :D but we wrap them in aluminum foil and bake in the oven or on the grill :) Delicious 🖤
@18:16 "even over to greece"... what is that supposed to mean?
I love these debunking videos. Poor Dave and his taste test, but I always look forward to it 😘
up next: time to debunk nordvpn claims
I love how every time something may taste really bad , "Dave will try it!". We NEVER see Dave anywhere when you're making caramel or chou pastry.
Don’t throw away good food instead put 50000 to 1 parts of barbecue sauce all over it
Plot twist five minute crafts is from another dimension
looks like the banana peel made the uv absorption worse!
I love to put chocolate in bananas and grill them when I am skiing in the mountains 😋
I'm from Greece,  i love your videos!❤🧡💛💚💙💜🇬🇷🇬🇷
My mother passed away from melanoma back in 2010. She was 49. She just had a couple bad sunburns in her life but with a pale redhead that is all it takes. Thanks for bringing awareness to this cancer, people don't take it seriously.
right when that chocolate was being shoved in that banana i got an ad for lindt chocolate lol
when its "zombie" stage the best thing is make banana milk juice
Did anyone else notice how photoshopped that "After" Aloe was in the thumbnail?!
they almost had the banana in the microwave thing right lol. when I was a kid we would cut the banana open, put chocolate and marshmallows in it, wrap it in tin foil and stick it in a bon fire for a minute or two :)
Do you have a cat? I heard something in the background of the video and it sounds like a distant kitten meow
Most people who are anti-GMO are not uneducated Dillard's afraid of the "frankenfoods". Most of is have legitimate reasons that have little to do with the genetic altering of our food (though in some cases, for example foods that produce their own pesticides, have already proved to be dangerous to bees and people)...  For example, my major problem with GMOs is that most GMO foods have patents on them owned by large corporations (*cough* MONSANTO). If you are a farmer and refuse to use their GMO seeds, but the farms around you use it, your plants will likely cross pollinate. Your crops test as GMO and then YOU get sued by Monsanto because you did not pay them royalties to grow "their" crop!
In my opinion, GMOs are a very fascinating and powerful innovation by humanity in order to produce more food in less space; sweetcorn, bananas, carrots, and even watermelon have been selectively bred over centuries to look and taste the way they do. However, I think recent trends towards "anti-GMO" sentiment are misconstruing GMOs, which are plants we've had for centuries, with more recent industrial practices. Here stateside, we have a massive problem, as large farming/seed corporations have patented seeds/seed types, which grow fast, large, and so on. Where I am, it's mostly corn that is like this, and if it cross pollinates smaller, heirloom varieties, it out-competes/hybridizes and pretty much dominates until the heirlooms are all gone. And since the seeds are patented, or something like that, owned by the company, they grow in certain ways to inhibit regrowth, and even if you do, the corn is their property. Like, there's a MASSIVE issue with large, industrial farming, it's practices, and how it makes a monolithic crop out of a once diverse species, and makes it harder to farm varieties of corn. GMOs aren't terrible, it's how many are used in many places that are bad, Monsanto, for example, has a seed charity, but the seeds themselves require repurchase and don't regrow properly if at all, so it keeps the farmers they give the seeds to in poverty. This practice has made farming a complex issue, as there's not a lot of biodiversity in the different crops modified in this way, so there's no guarantee that these crops will be protected if a blight or drought wipes them out. I may not be too knowledgeable on this, but I do know for certain that certain types of corn are protected/proprietary of certain companies, and can harm the farming practices of heirloom/biodiverse varieties. A GMO that ensures a banana can withstand a blight that can wipe out entire fields is a massively beneficial GMO, a GMO that makes growing biodiverse crops impossible is a terrible one.
You're so good at researching. Could you do a video on how to research information? I know that's so random, but you're so good at it.
I’m all for genetic modification! Not with animal food products, but for plants why the heck not?? It’s better to genetically modify it than surround it with all kinds of fungicide
9:06    If i didn't know that was banana and barbeque sauce, i would've thought that was a thick noodle pasta
777 LIKES- Also,         5 M I N U T E S  C R A F T  I S  O N  C R A C K
my mom makes cake with the zombie bananas, it's delicious!
What's natural is for humans to go extinct.  We need GMOs and other solutions to not totally destroy the planet.
Wait why would you want the banana to be purely yellow? It's alot sweeter if you let it wait a bit.
Thanks I often wondered about several of these videos. It's nice to know the truth.
That's why i don't trust tiktok or 5 minute craft
raw banana peel fry is a delicacy i have been eating since child.
“Then give it to Dave to try”, he deserves a gold star award for being the best taste tester, and you too, Ann. This debunking series is entertaining but also informative and important
Great video! I love what you do here, thank you! I'm subscribing! 🙋 Pam
That wild banana made me so uncomfortable for some reason😖
So I just watched the banana as sunscreen. And I'm fairly certain every ginger just shit themselves
Hahaha "even monkeys peel banans" 10:31
The GMO banana makes me think about the gmo golden rice that had vitamin K in it. Lack of vitamin K is a huge contributing factor in childhood blindness around the world (particularly in poor countries) and golden rice could solve it. But because it's a gmo, bureaucrats put a stop to it. To the expense of millions of children. =(
The same thing thats happening with the panama disease happened with the papaya ringspot virus and they almost got wiped out until a GMO version came out that was resistant to it
12:15 The video below the Zombie one is in Greek.  Also, i'm Pro-GMO.
Hey Ann! I think banana pill pulled pork showed on 5 minutes craft was inspired an actual existing recipe. In fact I follow Chef Jana on YouTube and she has quite many recipes using banana peels in.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYPXkrWy7iY  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-A7jGDbAXKY
We did that to bananas - wrapped angel tape around they top of the stem and yes, it did keep bananas green much longer than without anything
It really just depends on what your genetically modifying it with. In this case I wouldn't be worried about it at all but splicing food with literal poison...yeah probably idk bad?! LOL Especially chemicals that have been proven to cause cancer as they have tons of lawsuits over constantly. Yeah these people splicing poison into food " In 1964, Monsanto chemists invented AstroTurf (initially ChemGrass). In the 1960s and 1970s, Monsanto was a producer of Agent Orange for United States Armed Forces operations in Vietnam, and settled out of court in a lawsuit brought by veterans in 1984." and this " In 1985, Monsanto purchased G.D. Searle, the chemical company that held the patent to aspartame, the active ingredient in NutraSweet. Monsanto was apparently untroubled by aspartame’s clouded past, including the report of a 1980 FDA Board of Inquiry, comprised of three independent scientists, which confirmed that it “might induce brain tumors.” We have all seen the plethora of articles talking about how that crap is literally a toxin causing all kinds of nasty side effects...and they're still aloud to manufacture food products why?
I'm taking a pretend dump at work to watch this.
ofc use science, GMO is blessing, not curse
If science saves the banana I am ok with that.
Why is 5 minute crafts even allowed to exist as a channel?
her: *afraid that we are angrily typing about ethaline gas coming from the control bananas me: *angrily typing about how she accidentally split the hanging bananas
Meanwhile, here I am purposefully letting my bananas over ripen so I can make killer banana bread. :P
Oh Panamá, every time they mention you if for something bad.
for the microwaving the banana with chocolate...i know that it there's a similar indian snack thing where they boil a certain type of banana - not the usual ones which i think are called cavendish. i'm not too sure what the banana is called, but i know my mom used to slit the bananas through the middle about halfway and put some coconut and sugar in it, and then boil it until the bananas are cooked but not wet and disgusting (im not too sure how long that is haha). it tasted very good though!
As I pause the video to get some homemade banana bread, I couldn't help but wonder, would I ever go back to Australia?
I don’t know but am i the only one who sees phelps twins in dave’s face😅
Lot of people saying GMO plants are Okay, GMO meat is something, etc.  I made a simple guide below, Hope it is helpful: GMO foods: Yes.  Chemicals: No.
THE SEEDY BANANA IS SO SCARY #PROGMOFORTHAT
Why not put the banana in a plastic bag and refrigerate. So it will not loose moisture or get exposed to humility inside the fridge.
We usually turn "zombie bananas" into banana muffins just because it's easy to make and it'll last longer
After listing all the reasons not to eat cooked banana skin, "let's cook it up for Dave to try"! 😂
URLs use frontslashes, not backslashes.  / <— frontslash or slash, \ <— backslash
With the number of sunburns I've had in my life, and with my job being one where I drive all the time, and with how rarely I've used sunscreen (I'm getting better at if), I'm absolutely shocked that I've not developed skin cancer.
I love GMOs.  I'm a geneticist by degree (not by profession) and I think that GMOs are wonderful.  Especially when they can save things like the banana as we know it.  I understand the desire to eat "organic" "non GMO" foods, but what exactly IS non GMO?  When people think GMO they think of some frankenfood.  Something like injecting growth hormone into cattle to make them fatter and more desirable.  Injecting chickens with growth hormone or putting it into their food so that they grow unnaturally.  But when it comes to plants, often times it can be done just by cross breeding the plants.  And we do this naturally all of the time.  People wouldnt even recognize watermelon as we know it back hundreds of years ago.  Or strawberries as we know them today.  Even "organic non GMO" foods as we know them today have undergone some genetic modification.  Cross breeding to make a more desirable looking or desirable tasting crop.  I think GMO is perfectly fine and safe in plants and often times necessary to ward off pests or disease or fungus.  They keep us eating good food.  They keep the supply chain of our food in tact.  And they keep the farmers farming.  All good things!
I think the question is does bananas grow in Australia? of course!! Does the farmers from Panama depend economically from selling bananas to the world? yes! All this started when all these lands where brutally exploited by the Spaniards during colonial times. (remember the banana republic term?) so all these communities over the years had not other choice than keep selling bananas to survive. And that is the challenge for countries like Panama and many other countries in southamerica and central america... I'm not saying that Panama should stop drastically selling bananas to the world, but it is very crucial to start developing other sources of income for the communities over time. And also, protecting our lands! our planet, reducing the amount of pesticides and chemicals. My parents are small rice farmers from Peru, and the use of these chemicals had increased over the time tremendously reducing the fertility of the soil and increasing the risk of more unknown plagues never seen before to appear.  What about starting to transform our agriculture into organic agriculture, progressively, but doing it right! healing the soil, stop growing huge amounts of plantations of the same fruit or tree, is not right, please guys do your research about this. It is important to motivate all these communities to diversify their labor, work with our environment, see what else is out there for us to sustainable produce. There is plenty!! in my tiny little town in Peru, all the bananas we consume come from 1 hour away. There are so many opportunities right now for us to learn and to progress and that's on us :) All around the world, we need to progressively take action... there are so many farmers right now all over the world trying to do the right thing! let's consume organic.. let's support local farmers, I bet in Australia you guys are growing amazing bananas!  I guess is time for a change... love to all, I just wanted to give my opinion...
brown means they better more swetter cuz cuz they get more mature and thats about sugar ( brown peel dosnt mean bad banana just more sweet dont mistake it with smasht banana black peel) and for fksk eat zombie bananas they not bad at all
4:58 those fingernails are making me heave  p.s shes been digging around in mud so its all good xD
But the cavendish banana is already genetically modified (or at least very much selectively bred) so might as well modify it some more. Why not.
Is it just me or has the sound on this video gone extremely low? It's working fine on other videos :/
Hey Dave, don't diss cooked banana! If you cook it right, it tastes REALLY good!
Am I the only one who buys banana's just to wait until they've turned brown? Its the only way i like them xD
Love the videos but for god sakes fix your audio disparity between videos and scenes...  +
we eat the white part of the banana and get rid of the outer skin actually lol (on a specific type of banana actually, not all banana) .. so seeing a hack doing the opposite is just ... lol
I don't understand the anti-GMO sentiment at all, honestly? Like, it's just what humans have been doing in both agriculture and animal husbandry since the things were invented but on a quicker scale, with a much wider variety of possibilities to explore. Like, for example, making bananas that are resistant to disease. As long as all food goes through the proper length and rigermole of safety testing before it's introduced to the market, there should be absolutely no issue. Like, nobody is suggesting we all edit a gene in our bananas and then start eating the first one grown before checking that the edited gene won't make the banana poison. But like, if you're taking a gene from one plant you know is not dangerous and tacking it onto another plant that's not dangerous, where does anyone think danger might come from? What's the difference between that and trying to cross-breed the two different types of bananas until you get a plant with the gene combination you were looking for?  That said-- I do think the legal problems of GMO are their own ball game, but corporations getting patents on plant genes and suing the shit out of local farmers who can't exactly just pack up and move when Monsato plants start cross-pollinating with theirs because Moisanto moved in next door... that's going to happen whether those genes were made unique through the old fashioned "selective breeding" or from more modern modifications, really, because corporations are greedy bastards. The problem is the legal system-- same with any issues of safety, the law is what's there to enforce that-- not genetic modification itself.
What I don’t understand about the anti GMO campaign is that most food we eat are only available do to genetic tampering and selective breeding of said plants. Prime examples being bok choy, broccoli, and Brussels sprouts. They all come from the same singular plant that our ancestors then selectively bred for specific qualities (i.e. Brussels sprouts are targeted for their enlarged flourettes, bok choy for the leafiness). By taking a gene from one variety and mixing it with a known variet of food it kind just feels like a short cut to selective breeding. Idk just my opinion
Honestly though who eats bananas yellow? They should be spotty, like a leopard.   Anyway,  in live with your channel and thanks for all those nice, informative and entertaining videos!
We love you, Dave ❤️
*Ben would like to know you location* (If you know you know)
Brong those genetically modified (I would call it “enhanced”) fruits and vegetables anytime! Genetic is just code, just instructions! If you can give a plant an instruction on how to survive a disease then it’s just logic common sense that it’s a good thing! It’s like gettin a vaccine giving your body the instructions on how to fight an epidemic disease that might happen to be all over the world..............
2 different times I had inadvertently left a bunch of banana in the plastic grocery bag. Both times the skins stayed yellow and never browned. And in both cases, the inside was gross and overripe. So weird that the plastic bag prevents banana from browning.
I'm very pro GMO because it is a great tool to fight world hunger and I am 100% anti hunger.
Bless her, she is doing the lords work here.
The fact that monkeys have the right mind to peel the banana peel before eating the banana while we humans are trying to make a burger out of banana peels makes want to give up on humanity entirely.
I don’t know if anyone has mentioned it, but what nail Polish are you wearing? That holo flame would make Simplynailogical drool 😂😜
I can almost see Ann wanting to say that these "hacks" are actual bullshit
This is how I spend my 4am nights thank you Ann x
I came for dumb internet hacks and I'm leaving with a great deal of academic knowledge about bananas
I love that Ann goes the extra mile and discusses issues outside of basic food science.
Knowing the science, I have no issue with GMOs.
Most of the time im pro gmos
Making vegan options for meat is not about the protein content its mostly about eating something that resembles meat flavours when vegans miss the taste of meat and when you were making it the strips should be thinner and the spices should be more and then sauted in the pan and barbecue sauce at the end
That banana is NOT genetically modified, it's a normal botanical process that has been used for centuries and centuries when there was no chemical ways to conrol parasites. Mixing 2 species of the same plant is a perfectly normal procedure and is very different from modifying a gene in a lab with bioengeneering.
I love watching your videos because I'm always learning something from them!
Oh yeah just rub oily banana peels on your face. Wont smell at all.
Mrs. Reardon! You are one of my favorite YouTubers. One of my “go-to” channels for amazing, relaxing and beyond well put together content. Today is a rainy day, despite how warm it is, so it’s a perfect day for Mrs. Ann Reardon. Her voice is so calming and she not only makes good food, but shows us the science behind why certain foods work. Sñra Reardon, te queremos mucho. Haces que el sol y también el día empiecen a brillar como tu sonrisa. Espero que todo en tu vida siga yéndote muy bien. Ojalá que la vida te bendiga. Espero que tú y tu familia sigan bien. Vamos a apoyarte pa’ que puedas seguir haciendo los vídeos que nos ayudan tantísimo. No puedes imaginarte cuanto te agradecemos mucho.
You explain things so well, you could be a really good teacher
Banana peel can actually be very delicious if you cook it right
the so-called zombie banana is the best state of a banana to eat, it's sweetest and have no weird aftertaste, as long as the meat is still white...
I doubt this will be read but makes me wonder about that apple. We always stored apples next to potatoes during the winters. Supposedly the potatoes don't sprout if near apples. Maybe thats why the banana looked better then the rest of them. Makes me super curious now. Maybe you could debunk my grandfathers winter crafts. :)
0:59  the one on the right is just clip art!  Im an artist and it looks pasted on
Franken-crafts
Ann’s my favorite scientist
This website is NOT deaf people friendly ... there are others.
Bananas don't get too old! They just become banana bread!
We have other varieties of edible banana. They taste similar to the old timey banana that got wiped out by disease, stronger banana flavor than the cavendish variety, which I feel is bland. The only thing is that some of these are a different size, shape and color to the long, thin, yellow cavendish. We have niño bananas which you've probably seen as miniature bananas, and we have a variety where I live that are big and fat and red in colour. We have an unsavory common name for these bananas where I'm from, because of the way they look 😂 "rompe cu**" 😂😂😂
oh no, what do you mean one bad sunburn?😂 just one layer of skin peeling as a teen / red dots from the sun as a toddler or does it have to be worse?
About the chocolate in banana thing, it was one of my favourite snacks as a kid. Used a bit less chocolate, wrapped it in tinfoil and shoved it in the oven or onto a grill for some time (I don't know the exact time or temperature as I never made them myself :( )
When my bananas go zombie, i make banana bread. We are no gmo.
You can cook banana at southeast asia. Fried banana, boiled banana and more
Bengal Bananas have only 4-5 seeds in the middle of them and taste exactly like cavendish bananas.
GMO's, in  the hands of the right people, are completey safe and really, more usefull than non-gmo plants.
Comment on 14:00 : When I was out camping with my friends some three years ago, we took bananas, cut them open, put some chocolate, but not as much as in this video, then WRAPPED THEM INTO THOSE BACKING FOLIAS, or whatever, and cooked then directly in the embers. After very short amount of time, a couple of minutes, I think, I don't remember clearly, we took them out, unwrapped them and ate them with spoons. They were pretty good, not gonna lie. I sure miss those times when we all went camping together
Ann: Eww that banana peel sandwich sounds gross! Also Ann: Imma make my husband try it
this was a great video!! although those pictures of the wild bananas and their seeds made my skin crawl for some reason. good lord i never want to see that again
The banana and chocolate thing is something my mom used to make for me as a kid! ;W;
I don’t really care if my food is genetically modified as long as it’s not going to hurt me
To use GMO because we first created an unhealthy monoculture is just beyond... why not FINALLY use this as a jumping off point to create different strains of bananas? Like we do with almost all other fruits. Apples have diseases and they have not caused them to monoculture and GMO the shit out apples, but instead create new strains, new variants. In the end we now have a ton of great, interesting tasting apples. Why not go that route for bananas?   GMO is STILL a potentially risky business for food. There are still questions as to the results of long term exposure to GMO foods. While GMO looks like we totally and completely understand it, there are side effects we don't yet fully understand. Like trigger one gene, totally isolated can have side effects on others. Like there is some kind of meta-layer connecting genes. Maybe "life" is not just Legos and we should not hasten to treat it like it is, feeding millions with GMO food.
I live in East Africa, we have absolutely dozens of amazing types of bananas - ones you pick green and cook like potatoes, all different sizes and colours for ripe fresh eating, and every single one of them is infinitely better than the cavendish.  I hated bananas growing up in Canada, but living here I love them, they have real flavour and different lovely textures.  (No seeds!).  So far as I know, most are not exported, they are all eaten locally, and none are nearly as susceptible to the disease you mention as the cavendish.  I would suggest that agricultural breeders look at not monocropping so much, and finding better tasting bananas in the first place to replace the blah cavendish. But I guess most of them don't ship as well or don't ripen as well under artificial conditions, who knows.  Anyway, I am glad as anything to eat tasty bananas of great varieties that have never been shipped halfway round the world and gassed, thanks!
Just peel and freeze the banana. Sliced, halved or whole. You can make frozen bananas with chocolate with them. Or mix them with milk to make a milkshake or icecream.
The banana covered looked darker and I'm worried it would actually burn your skin worse than just your own skin.  I'm glad you debunked the apple theory. I had heard that years ago not to keep apples and bananas in a fruit bowl together so I had a separate banana hanger all these years and kept them separate.
I always put my bananas in the fridge right away when I get back from the store. I am one of the few people that doesn't like bananas that much so I only buy them once a year (not joking) and I like my banana unripe when it's still greenish/yellow. But I have noticed that when I put them in the fridge even when the skin is darkend the banana self is still very firm just how I like it.  I actually bought bananas 26th of march I still have 2 bananas left and the skin is just a little brown but the banana is very firm just like day one. Yesterday I made banana pancakes (with one banana) and I had trouble mashing the banana with a fork 'cause it was still very firm. So yeah if you want firm banana put them in the fridge!
A good banana hack is banana pudding with a twist which is human bones but substitute the nilla wafers for bones or teeth like for more cannibal/human recipes.
Great stuff!  Very educational!
Anti-GMOers are either shills for "local farmers", or morons about on par with the chemtrailers. Humans have genetically modified plants for millennia now, and the basic process does not change just because our tools change.
Also I have little opinion on GMO and think people are being ridiculous. Not very much of the fruit and vegetables you buy at the shops isn’t genetically altered in some way- cross breeding species counts as GMO but the average foaming at the mouth anti-science person generally doesn’t care to actually acknowledge that.
I’m super excited about the hybrid bananas.  If they are capable of sexual reproduction, unlike the cavendish variety, it’s entirely possible that we should get some genetic diversity back in the crops.
That leaf that was supposed to grow in the banana in the glass of water looked like plastic
One thing that actually does work to keep bananas for longer (we did an experiment at home and bought 2 bunches and did it  to one and it actually did lasted longer than the other) is actually to separate each banana and cut the part that was United to the others shorter (but not remove it completely, just shorten it) and leave it like that. And I live in a hot country that produces bananas (so that entire part of the about the process to get the bananas does not apply here. I can even see the banana plantations when I take the road to go to another city)  Also, I have a great banana muffin recipe that requires "softer" (aka really mature) bananas, so they never go to waste 😉
We used to make banana boats when we had bonfires as kids. You cut the banana open, and fill it with chocolate chips and mini marshmallows. Then you wrap it in tinfoil and set it in the edge of the fire for 10 to 15 minutes. Pull it out, open it and scoop it out!
everything is genetically modified. like, technically just breeding things selectively is genetically modifying it. it's stupid to be against something harmless
So cool
One issue with separating the bananas as a *control* is that bananas _only ripen at the same rate *when kept in close proximity to one another*_, so you’d actually need what would likely be an unfeasibly large number of bananas to calculate average ripening rate, instead.  Most stores won’t let you buy say, 500 bananas (for non-scientists, I assure you that’s a *small* number for such a study, which I’m sure Ann knows) as a normal consumer, so you’d be out of luck pretty much.
My mom used to always make banana bread so if there were 3 bananas left not being eaten, we’d just leave them. Sometimes we just wouldn’t eat the last 3 bananas with the intent of getting banana bread.  Unfortunately, my parents started trying to eat healthier, so no more banana bread for me. 😢
The Panama disease issue is why we shouldn't import fruit from overseas willy-nilly to satisfy corporate dictates. I seem to remember when a cyclone battered our banana plantations there were calls to import bananas from places like the Philippines. The big conglomerates that control those overseas suppliers would love that. They don't care if that endangers our producers.
Dave tries it Dave: wow that’s ACTUALLY not gross goop. Dave gets told that’s it’s banana skin Dave is like ‘oh my days I’m going to D I E’
I'm fine with gmo foods it helps make food taste and look better,  it makes it bigger, and it helps us keep crops that we would otherwise not have anymore
Bananas cooked with chocolate in them has always been a thing in France since I was a kid. Usually you do this in a fire or a bbq with foil around them. If it's in the kitchen, you're better off just puting them in a pan without the peel.
We used to make the banana and chocolate thing while camping and called them banana boats. They are super good. We would open the banana up like they showed, and add chocolate and marshmallows, wrap it in foil, and toast it over the open fire for a few minutes.   I highly recommend them.
Maybe light in colour? Not dark?  White reflects the sun while black sips. Isn't it?  P.S. Thanks for your videos 💚
A few thoughts on bananas:  I am not sure I'd be personally fond of cooking them, but try to fry them in halves in a little oil (or even without, if you have a very good non-stick), maybe sprinkle some nuts on top, maybe add sugar while frying (although for me they are plenty sweet once fried). - It might not look like much, but even just the sugar inside the banana will cause it to caramelize in places and the whole thing is delicious and super sweet. Does not take long whatsoever.  I am always mildly confused when people look at a browned banana and say it has gone bad. I mean, it can happen, but usually you cannot actually determine this from the condition of the peel. And to me bananas don't even taste like much until they are ripe enough to be at least a little spotted. In pure yellow they are just so... bland?  Lastly, about keeping them fresh longer (or just keeping the outer colour nice): Recently I picked up one of our bananas which had a large sticker on the peel for some reason. The banana was fairly brown (and delicious inside) but when i peeled off the sticker the peel underneath was deeply yellow and firm and thick with moisture, just as it had been a week before. Made me wonder about the exact why's of how this stopped the browning process. Was lack of oxidation? - Either way, the peel had zero bearing on the inside of the banana. The part beneath the young-looking peel looked and tasted precisely like the parts beneath the browned and thinned peel. Purely cosmetic, huh?
Lolis where I’m from in Colombia we eat our bananas as “zombi banana” stage not yellowish green stage
Also I think this may have been one of the best/informative videos you have done, I really liked it.
The only reason why I have been against GMO was because I was taught that they dont regenerate, meaning if you buy GMO plants their seeds will not grow into anything or that GMO seeds will grow into plants that will grow once but their seeds are essentially sterile. My understanding is that this was a way to keep people from growing their own food and making them more dependent on companies that supply crops. This is what I was taught, I dont know for sure that this is true. I bought bell peppers from the grocery store that may have been GMOs, i tried growing the seeds and they did sprout but I was never able to get them fully mature to bare vegetables.
Well I'm gonna die. I got sunburned once a summer growing up
Bananas are berries
I hate bananas
I’m allergic to bananas so I don’t have an opinion on them going away
The problem with GMOs isn’t the GMO itself, it is what corporates do with the GMOs. I’ve already heard stories about companies using GMOs to at least try to sabotage small communities so that the community will be dependent on that company in the future. GMOs could be a life saving science but businesses don’t care about saving lives, they care about making money. Capitalism ruins things again.
13:53 Oh that reminds me of the banana boats we would do in Girl Scouts! Open a banana, add chocolate and marshmallows, wrap in aluminum, put on fire. It was so good.
GMO all the way :)
I'm from Greece and I suddenly I started hearing greek😂
I feel so bad for poor Dave. At least he's honest and hysterical.
We always cut up the banana, put chocolate in and put it on the grill. I love it! I suppose microwaving it would produce something similar though I think the grill is probably better.
13:53 the greek got me 😣
13:55 greek blog video
the main thing with the banana in the watermelon rind with the chili is probably just a sort of transitional clip, tey put a lot of those in and i'm pretty sure it's meant to be clearly satire??? honestly i'm not sure because the entirety of hack-based videos like that are just so fake lol
So, i just want to say, Banana's react like how we react. One reason we get older and our skin gets...floppy and everything is because of oxidazation and the fact our skin retains less and less of what it used to be when we are younger. Same kinda goes for the banana's. Their skin oxidize with the air and it turns it browner and browner from what i learned in basic science class
I literally am freaking out because I am 13 years old I have had a really really really bad sunburn for more than 2 weeks now and I might get melanoma 😩
I, now, can say that I have a PhD in Bananas.
❤⚗⚖🥽
Cristine (Simplynailogical): buys tons of bananas for videos to make fun of banana hacks  Ann: buys bananas to debunk the banana hacks
I managed facilities at a small (75 person) office for a couple of years in my 20s. We provided about 50lbs of fruit throughout the office every week. I cleaned out the baskets, filled them with fresh fruit, and added old fruit that was still good to the top. The baskets were an eclectic collection of styles, and I could put bananas in some of them but had to put them beside others. I observed that baskets with bananas in them tended to have more spoilage. I started putting all of the bananas on the side and that seemed to reduce spoilage.
Why am I even watching this, I'm allergic to banana's 😂 I''ve avoided banana's all my life
GMO's...   Did you know most variety of Rose's are gmo?   It involves splitting a rose stem down to the root and grafting it onto another variety of rose.   However that isn't food.
I've always preferred slightly browning bananas because they are sweater.
Some people: We have to use less plastic. Humanity is killing life in the oceans. Other people: Wrap every single banana in plastic foil.
I feel like I've seen a banana documentary...
i just subscribed!
We have so many varieties of bananas here in Indonesia, the raja (king) banana is my favourite (wikipedia doesn't actually have English names for them so idk) so why is the cavendish the only variant eaten around the world when 1) it tastes the least nice and 2) when having multiple varieties of bananas around the world like we do for apples and pears and oranges might be a good thing?
@3.07 Did the roots grow? No LOLLLLL
"even monkeys peel bananas"  had me laughing for a long time 😂
THIS IS FAKE!   Best way to keep your bananas ripe is to eat them before they get too ripe
i dont even cook but i love this channel
You assume correctly, Ann, I do not have a seperate banana fridge hahah
Mabye it's just my sleep-addled brain but those wild bananas with the seeds lowkey scared me
How are any of these more efficient then putting a plant in soil
Nobody: 5 min craft:if you will drink gasoline you will become 20 times younger becouse of ice in gasoline
Good research.
Needs to be a tw for that big seeded nanner at the end oh my goodness 😳
Okay so I'm late to the party, but part of the reason *why* this fungus completely overtakes these bananas without fail is that they are all clones of one another. Seriously. That's why the fungus wiped out the last banana we all ate; the bananas were interbred to a point where they wouldn't make seeds, then did various other planting techniques to make sure all of the trees were exactly identical. So after that happened to that banana, of course the farmers turned around and did it to the Cavendish as well. Genetically modifying the Cavendish now is only going to work for so long, because the fungus in another 60-90 years will finally find a way that works and do that exact same thing over and over again because all the Cavendish trees are the same. So while the GMO will buy time, I hope that alternative food sources are found, because it's a terrible idea to patch the problem and then ignore it while it slowly gets worse.
I just love the way aussies say banana
i never liked bananas in the first place but if its a matter of a food shortage i guess genetic modification isn't a waste of time and money
I am fine modify banana but i am considered about humans will we have a side effect?
Banana with chocolate is quite common to grill in Sweden, we eat it as a dessert, very common to have on hikes or camping trips, but also somewhat common for grill nights. On grill nights we eat it with vanilla ice cream (can’t really bring ice cream on a hike or camping trip, otherwise we probably would, because it’s really tasty). Not sure about putting it in the microwave though, it feels like it might not cook the banana throughly so it would mostly be just warm banana rather than “melted” banana, but I’ve never tried it in the microwave so what do I know. I do recommend you to try it out on a grill though, or in the oven if you don’t have the possibility to grill it outdoors, and with vanilla ice cream. It should cook until the peel is black. I don’t know what types of chocolate you have in Australia, but if you want to make it with Swedish chocolate I would guess you could find some nice mjölkchoklad (milk chocolate) at IKEA.
Banana is chiling on the tree Youtubers: " Im gonna end this fruit whole career. "
pretty sure rice is the most popular fruit in the world
Regarding the genetic engineering, it seems to me that it is a far more appropriate experiment between 2 banana species than the situations where animal genes are engineered into plants.
The moral of the story is this - whenever you are stranded on a tropical island where bananas grow, be sure to bring lots of barbecue sauce!
My older sister has had six really bad sunburns and she’s almost 19. I’m honestly very worried for her because I don’t want her to get lymphoma.
The leaf one is just so unnecessary. You could just put it in water and give it sun. It’s called percolating. My mom does it all the time.
that wild banana looked extremely disturbing
In the US a lot of bananas come with some plastic remaining at the top of the bunch, I'm guessing from how they're transported and I always assumed that people saw that and decided that this was in purpose to keep them riper and not some sort of laziness from the distribution end.
I love ur channel
This is fascinating. I'm Brazilian, and sometime there are green bananas to buy, so if we want them to rippen, we wrap them in newspaper. And here we have a many differente types of bananas, I have no idea how they're called in English, but we have smaller ones, bigger ones, some that are firmer, some are more astringent.
The banana stuffed with chocolate is actually a good dessert you can make on open fire. Perfect dessert for colder autumn days outdoors. Just slit a banana, stuff some chocolate in it and put it - slit up -  on the grill or medium heat coals. It`s ready when the chocolate melts completely.
Freeze your ripe bananas. (Once defrosted) they make your Banana bread/ cake more moist
OMG I didn't know barbecue sauce have that much sugar! And it doesn't even tastes sweet! (mostly)
Could be camera angle or something else, but it almost looked like the banana beads got even darker than the control, meaning potential for a worse sunburn? Who knows. But certainly didn't work the way the swindlers would have us believe. Also, is it just me, or did I hear a baby animal of some sort in the background? I'm interested in seeing more animal guests on the show.
Any time I see a hack for growing plants that clearly isn't gonna work, I just get so sad for the plants that end up suffering from it.
Ann really needs her own life hacks channel. But not like 5 min crafts. Actual hacks
i love your videos
Why doesn’t she try these things for herself instead of making her husband try this gross stuff
Who's even giving dislikes?
Don't wear dark in the sun, it absorbs all that energy. You have to wear light or even white, it reflex the sun.
The same people that rage against genetically modified plants, seem to embrace modifying people, in order to change their sex! 😂😎
If bananas start going brown in my house they get thrown in a smoothie.
"even monkeys peel bananas" - true  XD
looks like bananas increase uv intensity!
Poor Dave eats all those experimental foods ☹️
Can u please tell me what is the name of suncream?
What you say is true, I bought green bananas that didn't get the ethylene process. They never ripened. They remained green and hard. They couldn't be eaten raw, but had to be cooked.
Thank you for these awesome news about GMO. It could be lifesaving to many businesses as you mentioned so as long as the protein  coded in the gene(s) in question is also edible (which it is) I don't see why it can be a problem. I also don't mind if part of the population starts avoiding it so that I can immediately recognise people I don't want to interact with.
Wonder if the seeds in the wild banana are edible? People won't eat apple seeds cause they have a bit of arsenic, but we've learned it's harmless when ingested with the fruit itself...ie. don't get a bunch of apple seeds without the apple, and munch on em. Ten bucks says the original has health benefits. God knew what he was doing. Just my take on it. God bless. :)
I love gmo´s
This is like school but fun
(Nothing was here)
Shouldn’t you wear lighter colors instead of darker in the sun?
Need to check nadiya Hussain's banana peel recipe out she does it with onions
Brown bananas are way tastier then yellow bananas ... I am sad that there are only green banana at the supermarket
The cooked banana with the chocholate inside is a common scout/camping food and you usually cook them over a camp fire in tin foil.
The banana being heated with bits of chocolate is a very common camping dessert in Sweden. We call it hike banana and it's so easy to cook up when you're out in the woods and the kids are grumpy. Slid a knife through a banana, shove chocolate inside. Wrap in tin foil and throw it on the grill. When you are hungry, cold and sad, this is what gives you life again.
New methods of cultivating organic food according to 5 minutes craft and the main aim is to keep relatives away from coming to home.as they can't bear the rotting smell.those guys are fooling themselves and us.
I'm pro gmo but anti gmo copyright
13:50 wow, that's my native language. Hahahaha what kind of recipe is that?  Crazy Greek 🇬🇷
unfortunately, I'm never eating a banana again... though I don't like them that much
That chocolate banana we used to do at the scouts in fire. It tastes really delicious!!
2:46 this is so sad that i laughed.
Perfect.  I have a separate 'banana' fridge.  Otherwise known as a wine fridge.  I'm not sure what having fruit in my wine fridge will do to the corks....  Maybe I won't do that :-p
We used to do that chocolate banana thing on the camp fire.  As kids we loved it but I am not sure I would bother as an adult
You can also see that the beads with the banana peel became darker than the control.  Like it increases your absorption of UVA/UVB.
4:24 - I'm not sure there can be a more authoritative source on the importance of proper sun protection than a fair-skinned Australian!
When your bananas start to brown, immediately peel them and put them in a bag, and into the freezer. Use them later for smoothies.
Dave dyed his hair. Looks nice. On another note, banana peels seem to be higher in potassium than the insides. Cody's Lab found that out.
It's a banana boat! We used to make them in Girl Scouts! You add your marshmallows and your chocolate, and in Girl Scouts, what we did was wrap them in foil and put them in the camp fire to cook.
Ann, Great video! I was wondering, why then do the bananas purchased from my local grocery store have the stems wrapped in plastic?
I mean, of course the bananacue was gonna taste good, it’s basically just bbq sauce
real journalism still exist and it didn't come from the big news companies
There is problem with GMO
Humans have been genetically sculpting plants for millions of years, GMO is just the next step
GMO tested much carefully than products of traditional selection, so it's much safer. As for Cavindish bananas they are basically clones, so genetic vulnerability is obvious, if we want to save them than we should modify them.
aloe pups that have been rooted in water have thinner longer roots so they just put one in water and then put in some rotten banana
I noticed a small noise at about 24:40! Is that a kitten? A puppy??? Idk it just made me immediately think of small young pets and it got me so curious
Im glad i don’t like bananas!
When life gives you overripe bananas don't blow dry them, make banana bread
Lol i only ever buy bananas so they can get rotten. I want brown bananas, gimmie that banana bread.
JESUS CHRISTE MY SUNBURN I GOT.      HAS DOUBLED MY CHANSES  OF  CANCER DEAR GOD
Crusaders against GMO foods need to do some reading and learn what a GMO really is. "Genetically modified" foods just means that they've been bred for taste and other desirable traits for hundreds of years. If you eat soy and corn (or ANY modern crop and their derivatives) you've been eating GMOs for years and didn't know it. If you understand the science you're less likely to  just latch onto a popular slogan or cause and run with it without even knowing what it is. Plus, farm animals bred for specific qualities (fast growth, fast weight gain, or other traits) are GMOs. Even special breeds of dogs and cats are GMOs!
Dave, you're saucy baby!! Anne you are soo very lucky! Best taster on Planet Earth!! 🙋‍♀️😄💖
The Cavendish banana (and Gros Michel) were stripped of all genetic diversity, meaning that a single disease could (and did) wipe an entire species out suddenly. Genetic diversity is vital for the long-term survival of a species. But having millions of genetically-identical bananas is appealing to consumers and so good for short-term profit. I can't really care about safely gene-spliced bananas when the old-fashioned way of genetically modifying an organism is misused and threatening the species
Whenever I see this kind of videos I always think that they could have just eaten it
Disinformation is a really serious matter I'm amazed that YouTube hasn't taken any action against such thing
they hate GMO but like butterflies, bananas, and avocados... the kings of genetic modifications...
The craven option startlingly increase because ramie longitudinally jam unlike a curved bibliography. cheerful, daffy dungeon
I’m pretty sure with with hair drier it’s reverse
You should try the Brazilian banana varieties as the Gold Banana, Silver Banana, Ground Banana, and the Apple banana. The Ground Banana  "Banana da terra", is not good to eat in natura but is very delicious to be fried and salted like a potato.
People have a misconception about GMOs. We naturally genetically modify plants all the time. That's why we have bananas without massive seeds in them.   The banana flavoring we find in sweets and milkshakes was made before the previous variety was wipes out. That's why it's so different to the cavendish banana.
I love your videos there so helpful! Thank you so much for making them! 💗😁
Welp looks like the folks scared of GMOs won't be eating bananas soon lmao  Really awesome video thanks Ann!
Genetically modifying plants is one thing, though it's really worth looking into the differences between wild strawberries and store-bought strawberries, but what they do to poor livestock like chickens is....unforgivable.
nobody is gonna talk about how the apple on 18:50 is obviously fake
Those wild bananas looks pretty interesting. Bananas sure can be different. I'm not much of a banana person because of the taste, a friend can't eat them because of the texture, but my sister likes to sometimes cut them up and freeze them and eat the pieces frozen as snacks. Way too sweet for me but she likes it so when we lived together that was a pretty common find in our freezer.
I don’t care for GMO it’s the preserves that do real damage cheese shouldn’t last longer than humans
This is why I have a channel blocker on my extension. You have no idea how many hours it took me to actually block these
the fact that bananas are picked extremely unripened and have to be ripened off the tree... because obviously they have to travel across the world to be sold. the sheer LACK of nutrients that fruit will give you, ugh. eat local, seasonal fruits, if possible from farmer's markets, friends
A similar thing happened in Hawaii with papayas, and thus the GMO Rainbow papaya was born.
Bananas are literally the product of GMO's....so why complain about GMO's for bananas when they were LITERALLY bred to get the seeds smaller to the point where they are non existent and edible. Bananas before we started genetically modifying them were inedible to humans.
10:19 That good sir is what we black people call “ghetto cuisine”
Me: *Rubbing a banana peel on my face in the park* Ann Reardon of How To Cook That: "That... That's just totally wrong."
This is a very interesting video. There’s a variety of banana that I eat quite frequently here in Malaysia that have large seeds—but they’re not THAT seedy like the picture Ann showed in the video. I’m not sure whether it’s a wild variety or another crossbreed, but I often eat it battered and deep fried, and I have fun spitting the seeds out too xD
I personally don't get why people are against GMO. There are so many crops that we already have that have been altered in some way and we accept them because they are standard. Now though anything that is new apparently is "really bad for you" etc. It's like having a software that has been updated before and accepting that but then refusing further updates even if is drastically needed. If you really want to "be concerned" check out atomic gardening in the 50's (it is safe but it just shows you how modern day crops came from arguably sketchier origins)
i actuly like half breeds
i dont 't mind 2 breed bananas
Aged bananas are also great for banana bread imho
I don't have a problem with GMOs as a rule. What I do have a problem with is large companies not being forthright and ethical in their practices. Combine unethical practices with the GMO process,  and you get distrust of both the corporation and the GMOs from the general public.   Also the GMO process shouldn't be used for plants which already are diverse and has a great number of varieties (apples and potatoes for example). Since edible Bananas don't rank high in the variety scale and are in danger of becoming extinct,  I think this situation warrants a bit of help from the lab.   Though I'm not a horticulturist, a food expert,  or even a home gardener, my opinion doesn't amount to much
Lying about medical stuff can really get YouTube in trouble.
Oh no!  The VPN companies have even gotten to you.  Yes, VPNs offer some potential benefits.  They often tout privacy as one of those, but that is often iffy...  The VPN companies themselves often keep tabs and log your activity.  A better way is to grab an arbitrary server from a hosting company and run your own VPN on that.  OpenVPN or WireGuard are great open source and free options.  Of course hosting your own has some downsides (1- time investment to get things set up properly and 2- less flexibility to switch countries, as you would need to host a server in each country you wish to access, oh and 3- if you don't know what you're doing with the security you might be even worse off than having a VPN company spy on your traffic.    Granted, if you can trust your VPN company, then it helps.  Also, if your VPN company is unlikely to share that data with the whoever you don't want to see it, then it helps (e.g. a German company might be less likely to share data with the US government, or a US company may be unlikely to share with the Chinese government.    GMO food is generally safe... things get pretty broken down by our bodies before they're put back together.  I wouldn't say there are no exceptions, but generally speaking.  I think a much bigger concern is just with introducing new plants (and animals, etc...) back into the wild and how ecosystems respond to these changes.  In a case like the banana, where it is already a big cash crop, keeping it that way probably doesn't bring much additional harm, but the spread of cash crops in places like Madagascar has been massively destructive to wildlife and changes that increase the range where these plants can survive could be helpful or harmful (could allow them to be grown in less damaging places or may encourage people to go wild with them in places they were already wreaking havoc at).    I didn't think the ink disappeared per se, I thought it became transparent and you could bring it back in the freezer, but maybe that was just a misconception I had while reading the label... I had an orange one but I'm out of ink so I can't test it.
Bananas barely mold by us. While we have alot of brown bananas, I just bake banana bread /cake with them ^~^
With the banana, I honestly just thought he put the video in reverse xD
I’m less worried about the physical aspects of GMO, I don’t think they’ll make me sick or anything...but I do worry about those small local farmers you’re talking about. A lot of those GMO seeds have a “copyright” (correct me on the wording if I’m wrong but they own the intellectual property of the hybridization of that seed basically). Those big industrial agriculture companies use this to dominate the market and have a stranglehold on those small farmers. Whether if it’s that they employ them or sue them for growing their seeds without permission. Sometimes those gmo seeds cross-pollinate with other non-gmo crops and they feel that that gives them the right to sue the 💩 out of people. Correct any of my info if you see anything factual wrong...but yeah those local farmers around the world get screwed every day.
In the southern state of India, there is a dry vegetables curry made from banana peel(plantain actually). Beryl scherbatsky has a video about that, it tastes good
GMO is just a tool. I wouldn't be against someone using a hammer to put in a nail. The issue only comes up when they start using the hammer for things you shouldn't hammer on. Using a hammer to put in a screw may work, but you are going to destroy the wood.
I personally don't like bananas that don't have any spots on them. It just seems so weird and honestly I think they taste better when they have just a few spots.
I knew about the disease problem since I was a kid.  It wasn't as problematic, but I guess it got stronger.
the chocolate banana reminded me that when i was young, we loved banana let's say fried on butter, served with whipped cream, it was really good and especially the caramelized parts
my wine fridge is 57 degrees F.  That's where I should keep the bananas!
I have actually done that slice a banana and put chocolate chunks and heat it! I actually enjoy it!  I am also going to try cooking banana peels too!
If y'all just refrigerated your bananas it would slow down the ripening of it sooooo yeah that's what we do here at home :D
She’s is better than the clickbait videos 😁😁
Roasted or baked bananas are pretty good in my opinion though. Although I guess these things are personal preference.
Trypophobia warning at 27:52
I think it's fabulous that that scientist has found a way to make the banana resistant to the disease. Not only is it good that we can still eat bananas but it will help all those employed by the industry 😊
(It’s just a slash, not a back-slash.)
this already happened to Bananas that what fake banana is a dead kind
Chalk up another one for mom (bananas in the fridge.)   As far as GMF, isn’t a all food GMF? I thought that’s how biology works? If we’re talking about human intervention....wheat, corn? Why does Monsanto patent their seeds? I feel like as with so many things, the framing is a recipe for a failed intelligent dialogue.
Im totally down for the GMO banana
I remember that back in sex-ed we put a condom on a banana. Maybe they did the same, but misunderstood the purpose.
I really love your dedication to research in your videos!! It's so refreshing.
Am i the only one that does not care and just eat the banana as long as its not moldy?
I own a cooking book that teaches u how to cook without creating any waste, called "Das alles-verwenden-Kochbuch" ("the use-everything-cooking-book") and it also includes a banana peel recipe 😊 I think it's important to live as sustainable as possible..
Even Cavandish bananas have changed hugely overtime thanks to selective breeding, to make them into what we know today.  Also i was told to keep bananas out of the fruit bowl as they make other fruit ripen more quickly.
Dave: Even monkey peel bananas!  I'm dying!
That is the banana they give people in hell: 27:54
I've heRd of blue banana  that is blue when it is not ripe and green when it is that tastes good and no or small seeds!
I don't think most people would mind GMO that adds disease resistant genes from similar plants.  After all, breeders and geneticists have been doing that with pollination and physical plant splicing for decades.  The disgusting GMO's are ones that allow huge amounts of herbicides to be held in the plants/produce or genes from completely different species....sheep genes in cantaloupes for example.
cavendish bananas r clones. They dont grow seeds, so they r easier to eat. Each tree is an off-shoot of a mature plant. If a disease wipes 1 plantation, itll wipe all of them, cuz they all have the same genes, same resistances and same weaknesses.  There r many different edible banana species, but they r localized to south america. Some r redder and stubbier than cavendish. SOme r grown by primitive jungle tribes and cooked, like potatoes. The fodder bananas didnt find mass market for their blandness  GMO is best shit - it makes useless plants produce vitamines they didnt produce before and can supplement that in diets of starving, poor peoples, like golden rice. They can carry bioluminescent markers for substance detection. They can turn plants growing tall and having their fruits unreachable, to growing short and easily pickable. U can make yeast secrete thc for medical purposes. And recreational, if u r into that. Make harvest and animals immune to diseases. If u dont like gmo, u r a low-functioning imbecile.
People who throw out bananas have no taste brown bananas are delicious
Bananas are great fertilizer. That is not a lie, especially for root development since it contains the nutrients needed for healthy roots
o
I love your inclusion of the Panama disease updates! You take a great anthropological approach to how the disease affects the community
but the bananas we eat today ARE genetically modifided
I think the chemicals is sun block is not good, either. I don't know what the answer is, but the crap in sunscreen is not necessarily good, either.
My daughter uses banana peel on her face for acne. She also used egg whites. I think the egg whites worked better, she thinks the bananas work better. 🤷
I saw a doctor on tik tok say that “skin care should not be diy” and it’s so true because it’s so dangerous! Your skin is so sensitive
"Even monkey's peel bananas." I laughed for 5 straight minutes.
Is there a kitty cat or bird or something crying in the background? I paused 2x to see if my girls were trying to get my attention, but it's in the video. Near the end, when describing the ripening of the test bananas.
Yep, granted it's practically blasphemy to say so, not all GMO is bad.
Is it just my audio that's a little off? I really don't care because I'd watch Mother Debunk fry a snowball, but more worried about my phone...need an excuse to upgrade. Anyone? Anyone?
Almost all of our food is go already. Our corn, grains, legumes etc have been modified long ago to  make them resistant to disease and even levels of drought. They aren't the same as they were even 100 years ago.
I wonder how much of the problem is due to huge mono cropping. I’m not anti gmo inherently, but if it mean enabling bad behavior ecology-wise (like huge mono crops), then I’d rather a different and more sustainable solution.
I prefer intact rain forests to bananas.
banana countries were laid waste to by imperialistic countries and lost generations and societies for the sake of making billions off of bananas. don't disgrace them with these BS hacks
All food has been "genetically modified" on one level or an other. I welcome the GMO of the food products as it will help sustain our food chain and even help in the biodiversity of the planet.
Whenever theres a microwave involved i bet Ann's like oh no 🤦‍♂️
I have nothing against GMO outside of in any way lowering the amount of nutrients.
Whoever thought to cook their banana boat in the microwave is a maniac...that is a campfire recipe my guy
The Cavendish bananas are modified as well though. Those wild bananas with large seeds are essentially what is the origins of the bananas we eat today. Its the same s with a lot of other fruits, that they've been modified by humans by cross breeding etc to make them in to something humans prefer.
I love GMOs! Monsanto is an evil corporation and the fact that GMOs allow such rampant use of pesticides is bad, but GMOs themselves are great for this exact reason!
Dave is possibly the bravest man on Earth
I really enjoyed this food science video!   I hope you do more of these
I have to say my theory is that , there is NO way you can keep a banana or any fruit ripe , it's just how nature works , now there might be a way to provent it from turning brown but i think that there's literally no use to keep you banana fresh ! After all , they're just becoming sweeter and sweeter , so just try and eat them as quick as you can !
Great video!!! Huge thank you for debunking fake news like that :*
Thank you for the skin cancer rant. I'm aussie, and my mum died of skin cancer years ago. I now live in Britain, where very very few people take UV rays seriously at all. I have vivid memories of my primary school days with strict rules about hats, and ads on telly reminding us to 'slip slop slap', but England and Wales..? Just a few sensible people softly scolding others when those others show off their burns.
The thumbnail looks weird...
I saw this https://youtu.be/we07_qlEckc and I immediately thought of Ann lol
I choose to compost the whole banana so I can grow plants that my food can eat.
pretty much all gmo foods are developed that way to benefit people in some way or another, the anti movement is just reactionary.
Oooooo....as kids...some of my friends got to split a banana...pop in a flakey....wrap in foil and pop on the braai (BBQ) for desert.  My parents were less adventurous.
I am absolutely a supporter of GMO. I would love to watch a Karen frantically reading the label of some bananas. The banana equivalent of the black plague just seems like a sad thing to let happen because some people don't want progress.
About the part where they put a plant into a banana: this idea probaply came from 'in vitro' breeding from plants, like orchids for example, they sometimes use some stuff that originaly came from bananas, however first it depends on which plant you are breeding (depending on the nutritiun the plant needs) and secondly it will still take its time XD
Wow I eat a banana almost every day and I had no idea about Panama disease!! Fascinating. Thanks for another awesome video
I watched this video at least ten times by now and the way Dave says "banana PEELS" along with his eyes widening just cracks me up. He is pure gold. I also never thought I would enjoy watching someone eat a burger for over a minute. I guess it's the suspense.
In greek that women whith the banana and she put chocolate she said    How the banana became whith the chocolate is good
I'm personally fine with genetically modifying plants and food to help people. My problems with gmos is the fact that a lot of times the companies that are creating them aren't doing it for the most noble intention. Their doing it for profits and theyll do underhand and shady things that hurt the farmers and the people that there supposed to be helping.
What is that high pitched noise in the background?!
Eventually all bananas are going to be GMOs
The chocolate in the bananas is something I used to do when camping, we'd cut the banana, put in the chocolate, wrap it in tin foil and put it by the fire until the chocolate melted. It was one of my favorite parts of camping!
"Look how much the roots have growen" growen? Wtf?
I'm a fair bit annoyed about the ignorance surrounding genetically modified organisms or GMO's. Everything we eat nowadays has been genetically modified. There is no such thing as a non-GMO product. We simply have the technology now to directly insert genes rather than selectively breeding over a longer period of time - both which (eventually) result in the same product. Every single thing we eat has been selectively bred over decades, if not centuries. So to pretend that GMOs are in any way bad is utter rubbish, it's actually pretty great we have more than 3 grains on a wheat plant now. Or bananas without giant seeds. Or watermelons that have more flesh than seeds.
Disappointed that im the only one who waits until they are covered in brown spots before eating them
THE BROWNER THE BANANA THE BETTER IT IS FOR YOU. THE SWEETER IT IS AND THE MORE ANTIOXIDANTS IT HAS. IT IS THE ONLY FRUIT/VEGGIE THAT AMAZING THAT IT CANT GO BAD.
I just discovered this channel and I love it.  I am curious how much hate Mail she gets from five minute crafts lol
I don't think GMO is bad
the thing i love about your videos is that you clearly have a passion that goes beyond just pointing and laughing at dumb life hacks, and use the larger platform that that trending content has given you to spread real facts and awareness about topics that are actually important and worth learning about
I’m commenting so more people can see this
Beans with banana pulp were darker
Okay, I understand how bad 5 minute crafts and all the other content farms are for misinformation. However, they are still making You money. Video "debunking" things that are common knowledge wouldn't exist without channels that were completely stupid.
My fav bananas are the red-skinned finger bananas from Malaysia! I think Cavendish are gross and can't eat them.
“Even monkeys peel bananas” OMG, Dave is such a treasure to the world.
Just let stupid ppl be stupid. Somebody has to pick up my garbage and refuel my plane. Any kid stupid enough to believe all this crap is lost to the world anyways because usually the parents are just as stupid and a few videos are not gonna undo the damage of allowing stupid ppl to have kids.
Something about your and your husbands dynamic is very wholesome
I wouldn't put them in the fridge bananas tend to make foods close taste like banana and not in a good way
i dont care if the bannana is modifide as long it is edable and a bannana
We grilled chocolate filled bananas over campfires. Yummi!
Thanks for testing and debunking these. A lot of people are getting into plants right now, and channels spread a lot of misinformation as a result... 🤦🏼‍♀️ Some background info, why these do not work: Plants don’t necessarily need soil. There are many plants that can root just fine in a cup of water. Wat is important (and what went wrong with the banana), is to make sure the roots do not start to rot (and if the banana around it is rotting, naturally, so will the roots). Roots do grow differently wetter they grow in soil, water, leca etc. Some might look thicker than others. Then, one last, really important ingredient to grow roots on a plant: you need a node on the stem. The node is the point where leaves grow from, and this is generally also where roots come from. If the plant (leaf) you are using does not have a node, it can never be its own plant.
This poor guy, he thinks he's getting something good every time but the disappointment comes shortly after
you didn’t show the one you painted yellow
I have no problems with genetically modified foods that take a gene from one species of plant, in this case, a banana that is resistant to something and put it in another type of banana to make it resistant, as this is something that could possibly be done over time with selective breeding, however, where I have a problem with genetically modified food is if you take say a tomato and put in a gene from a jellyfish to give it a property that tomatoes just don't have.  At this point, in my mind it's not a tomato any more, it's an artificial chimera as this jellyfish gene could never make it's way into a tomato under any circumstance in nature.
Being anti GMO is like being anti-vaxx. F all the way off.
"Even monkeys peel bananas"  🤣
Idk abt you guys but I don’t really like eating fresh/ripe bananas I eat them when they start browning a bit after 3 days or so
This video was awesome, that wild banana was so trypophobic tho
“one bad sunburn as a child or teen DOUBLES your risk of melanoma as an adult!”  me, who rarely wore sunscreen as a kid and got TONS of sunburns: 👁👄👁
idk why there is so much dislikes. Like shes teaching you how to not waste money.
when our bananas go brown we put them in the freezer for smoothies, cakes, banana bread, etc.
'even monkeys peel bananas' - Dave 2020
Hahahahaha the greek voiceover of that banana chocolate recipe caught me by surprise
This is banana abuse
Ooooh saucy baby😂
when it comes to so many people's food supply and jobs being lost, why are people still crying about it being genetically modified?? If it's safe to eat, and doesn't wipe out such an important fruit, GMO is not the biggest issue. People who are against it are usually extremely hypocritical and eat genetically modified foods everyday, it's such a shitty mindset to have especially when people's lives are on the line.
That triple banana time-lapse at the beginning was one of the most depressing things I've ever seen. Fantastic.
To be fair, anything opaque blocks UV light. So a thick layer of banana junk could work. However, I prefer to cover myself in mud before I go out on a sunny day, way cheaper and won't attract wasps.
How many bananas did you buy for that video?
The monstera one is absolutely wack as monstera will never form roots from a leaf, you need the node to leaves to form.
I have had so many sunburns... like every summer I burn so bad that I can peel off my skin
Unless it is severe why are people so anti GMO? Do people realise that most of the food we have today is all genetically modified. When something is domesticated it’s genes are changed. This is the same thing just at a faster rate.
a wee bit late, but:  i, as long as the GMO plant doesn't produce any compound toxic to humans, am completely OK with them
make banana bread with ur browned bananas! dont throw them out!
Honestly the banana peeled beads look like they accepted MORE UV than the control ones as they got a lot darker... So maybe banana actually has the opposite effect? idk but it sure as hell won't work as a sunblocker  Also I learnt somewhere (from a youtuber I think, might've been JaidenAnimations) that the flavour we have of bananas, the artificial one, is based on an extinct banana and that's why it's so different. Idk if this is true but it's kinda cool if it is
I don’t understand why people are against GMO? With plants, nearly every vegetable you eat has been modified at some time to make it more edible.
I hope you made banana chip with all the overripe bananas. They make the best dried banana.
"Just one bad sunburn doubles your chance of melanoma." Me, who had a nasty 2nd degree burn as a kid: *TERRIFIED SWEATING*  I just wanted to see some funny banana debunking ;_;
It's my understanding the the gros michel bananas tasted better than the cavendish(they also had slipperier peels) so maybe the same process can be used to bring them back. I would imagine you could make bananas a bit more like apples where there are different varieties(I mean there already sort of are with cooking bananas or plantains).
We make chocolate bananas on scout camps over open fire all the time and I am slightly offended you thought it was silly xD
Without gmo 2/3 of the earth population wouldn’t have food on their plates
I'm disappointed they never did a banana hack from An Anarchist Cookbook
GMOs are safe and growing  organic feeds hundreds where traditional feeds thousands
Why no one is suing them for being scammer
The people who are against genetically modified foods, from my experience, don't even know what they are complaining about and don't understand a thing about the genetic modifications they are so against great video Ann, my condoles to Dave once again
i always learn something new watching ur videos! if you were my schoolteacher lessons would be super interesting :D
Two things:   1. As a German, I can confirm that the chocolate-in-a-banana-thing is actually pretty common here.. and yummy 👀 It’s a common BBQ dessert, so obviously we don’t microwave them, but put them on the grill.  And 2.: You two seem like such an amazing couple to be around 😍
"packaging for bananas" "seperate banana fridge" yall crack me up too much XD
Video: Banana peel burger! Me: Oh no poor Dave...
My dad is anti-GMO because he believes that they don't know what they are doing. Like no dad, just because your high school dropout ass can't understand that doesn't mean the scientist that actually do it don't. Honestly, especially this past year I'm getting pretty sick of his BS. I agree that we should be skeptical of authority figures, but he takes it to the tinfoil wearing conspiracy theorist level. He isn't just being cautious, he's downright paranoid. Not just about GMOs, but vaccines too.
What so bad about overriped bananas? Just fry them and make banana fritters like those in SEA. Pretty good actually.
The wiping out of the previous banana explains why banana lollies don't taste like bananas and also why people were so into banana splits back in the day.
We need to save the bananas to protect trypophobes like me from the trama of whatever the hell that thing was
Seems like they were trying to make a banana boat in the microwave! We make them by cutting them open and putting chocolate and marshmallows inside and then putting them in tinfoil over the campfire when we go camping every year. All of us find them delicious and some even like them more than the more traditional s’more!
I’m glad you brought up the importance on spf. My mom got several sun burns as a kid and got melanoma a few years ago. It was stage 3 and metastasized. She had to get a lymph node removed and all kinds of crazy stuff but she’s alive
Horticulture student here: there is a big difference between taking non-plant genes and putting them into plants (ex: insecticide producing gene) versus crossing the genes of two plants. one is a scientific marriage of two plants while the other is inserting something unnatural or from a totally different species with a plant. I don't want BAYER (formerly Monsanto) tweaking the genes of seeds to make them produce their own insecticide that hasn't rigorously been proven not harmful to humans. Nor do I want the seeds altered so that a farmer can only grow the plant one season; GMO seeds cost farmers tons of money instead of allowing the farmer to save his own seeds from his crop to grow in a future season.  Most of the conventional produce we buy comes from plant seeds that cannot be saved because the gene inserted into them is owned by BAYER/ FORMERLY MONSANTO; if a farmer is caught or even just accused of saving seed with the patented gene, they can be sued for enough money to bankrupt generations of small family farmers. A farmer can grow an organic crop, save his own seed only to find his saved seed contaminated with patented seed from a neighboring farm that grew the patented gene containing seeds; The law only requires the patented seeds to be found on the farmer's property/in his possession for Monsanto to be entitled to compensation for patent infringement. The law does NOT take into account whether the patented seed was found because of unintentional contamination; if the seed is there, Monsanto's copy right has been infringed. Further you have to agree not to save seed in a binding contract at the sale of the seeds to be able to plant the GMO seeds. US law does not allow a company to patent a living organism, but they can patent the genetically engineered gene inserted into a living thing which allows them to control the living thing they genetically engineer. Mexico has seen the number of farmers in the middle east and India who have committed suicide after getting roped into using GMO seed; after the farmers harvest their crop all of the profit goes into buying more GMO seeds for the coming year and in a bad year the farmers lose everything, thus the rash of suicides. Because of this nightmare, Mexico is fighting to keep GMO corn out of Mexico. Once their various indigenous species of corn become contaminated by GMO corn, there is no salvaging the indigenous corn. Its about protecting the indigenous corn species, the farmers and the local economy based on the corn. so while its bad having a disease wipe out a crop and the livelihood of countless people, GMO seed/crops are not the answer to every horticultural problem.
It's that a bird or a dog I hear in the background around 24:00? Follow up question: Why does it seem like every Australian owns a bird?
Is it just me or are The banana beads a little brighter than the control? The poor things are roasting!
#misingtopic isn't looking like it's going to stay a reticulated python for much longer...
Dave: "Even monkeys peel bananas" enough said 😂 I'm getting anxiety over the banana fungus, if it's GMO banana or no banana, I'll take the GMO thanks and good night 🍌🤯😭
We can't keep bananas in the house as they are always eaten so quickly. However, if they do make it to the very ripe stage, we then have banana bread, muffins, pancakes, and smoothies.  We haven't eaten the peel before, but hey I'm all for trying not to be wasteful.
I listen to you while playing tft and i feel like my brain is growing tyvm
I love GMO’s I’ll eat anything that has GMO’s. I support Genetic Modification anything
Where I live a lot of people have a basement pantry where it stays nice and cool. Perfect for banana storage
The voice of reason! I don't know how I came across your channel, but I'm certainly glad I did. You've got a new subscriber.
Why don't they modify the old variety of banana? I heard they tasted better
If it was true about the skin cancer then id have 500 ready. I was burned few times EVERY summer since always and I don't even have any freckles, moles, dark spots or wrinkles at almost 30. Some people must be very unlucky to get that. I have gorgeous skin in the summer though, looks extra smooth and glowy. Sun definitely helps with my skin, maybe it's d3 which I lack in winter 🤷🏼‍♀️
Just buy your bananas when you want to eat them. Why waste som much plastic to wrap the top..?
Oh my god wild bananas are terrifying.
id rather eat a genetically modified banana than no banana at all
I hate bananas.....
Bananas have the best Flavor when they are brown. At least for me
You know, bananas are green when harvesting, because they're not ready yet. Meanwhile bananas are getting to your store, they're turning yellow.
Great video Ann.  Keep uploading these debunking videos because they're very educational and hopefully they'll stop people from posting fake hacks.
but humans r genetically modified
Yikes I’ve had like 10 BAD sunburns
Have a look at seedless watermelons and then tell my why GMO is so bad
As a child we used to put chocolate in bananas, wrap the banans in tinfoil and put them on a grill.  In supermarkets here in sweden they even wrap the top of the bananas with plastic XD
I’ve never heard of the Panama disease before. It was such an interesting topic and I’m glad you brought up the subject of GMO. A lot of people don’t really understand how GMO works and just take someone else’s word for it that it’s “bad”. So much of the food we eat now is a direct result of studies with GMO. Not all GMO are really as bad as everyone says and the research behind it works to making better food for everyone. Research in GMO is also helping to combat hunger by figuring out more efficient and quicker ways to grow food and with more quantity.
In a few grocery stores here, they used to wrap the tops of banana bunches (usually of 6) in plastic to prevent folks from separating bunches into smaller groups. It's rarely done anymore because who wants 6 bananas if you only need 2? Perhaps they were remembering that practice and thought it was a preservation method.
People who fear monger about GMOs like to frame the conversation in such a way that they make it sound like scientists are slicing jelly fish DNA into food to make it glow or that the side effects result in people developing physical defects.  Which sure, I'm sure somewhere something like that is happening, but I'd bet my bottom dollar that 99% of GMOs are boring modifications to make food resilient to a pathogen or to make them produce more of the edible parts and/or less of the inedible parts.
There is absolutely nothing wrong with GMO produce. They could cross breed the plant anyway, but doing it in a lab is more efficient. This is a case of people fearing things they do not understand. Ofc there is a possibility to make a gmo food that is harmful, but no one would do that because you want repeat customers. People are in this for the money. There is no difference between cross breeding two different types of Roses together and genetically modifying a plant to be drought resistant, have a bigger yield or to be immune to fungal diseases. Billions or lives have been saved and sustained due to GMO foods. It's called science, bitches.
"Even monkeys  peel bananas, do people do that?" - a wise word from the great Dave
I always buy my bananas mostly green and let them rippen at home, lasts longer.
Regarding the banana hack: there is a similar technique that actually works to slow down the ripening. If you take a plastic produce bag and put the banana bunch in it halfway with the stem part (where they are attached) inside the bag. Place the banana bunch in there loosely and only halfway and it will slow down the ripening process. The stem part on the bananas releases a hormone or a chemical that actually speeds up the ripening and putting it in the plastic slows it down. I used this method all the time when I have bananas and it does work, although not miraculous, it does help to slow down the ripening process.
i tried the banana leaf hack, where its suposed to grow root pout the top, and had to contem plate giving the water to my brother
Even when you've convinced yourself the ethylene ripening bananas is a myth, putting the bananas in circumstances where they would affect each other if it wasn't a myth seems quite unscientific. It seems it would be entirely impossible to find the myth true even if it was! The experiment was practically useless then
The GMO "debate" is rich white idiots with no knowledge of the subject crying about nothing. The GMO misinformation campaign has massively hindered fighting hunger in third world countries and even in our own countries it has slowed progress. There is nothing bad or impure about GMO food. You would never know the difference except they're either easier to grow, less likely to be destroyed, more nutritional, etc. There are NO real negatives that don't already apply to "natural" seeds and foods. If people dislike GMOs they should also dislike selective breeding and other tactics humans have long been using to alter fruits and vegetables to better suit our tastes.
The banana+chocolate thing is a campfire treat. You put chocolate and marshmallow in it, tinfoil it and cook it on a barbeque or in a campfire. Microwave works too I guess. It's amazing.
I feel like people believes these because they somehow look professional
As for almost everything, fridge is the best solution.
and here i was putting a comment on one of your older videos about bananas being too close and i feel stupid :D
You cant tell me im the only one with a banana fridge...
Cooked banana is good! Especially with syrup.
With the UV beads it looked like the banana ones were even more vibrant
"Even monkeys peel bananas!"
My mum lets the banana ripe on PURPOSE a because she does the best banana 🍌 bread 🍞 🍌  and it’s SO GOOD
Yeess Finally my banana doubts about your last experiment answered ^^ Thank you, Ann!
10:32 😂😂😂
Isn’t most of our food GMO? Food industries are constantly cross breeding plants to make perfect tasting and perfect looking items to put in the supermarket
And on the topic of GMO - I'm for it, with adequate safety & testing but I'm also anti-patented/seedless GMO except in extreme circumstance (for the seedless part). It's such a broad topic that I'd recommend everyone who's a bit squeamish about the idea look into - "GMO" could easily be applied to most of the food we eat today, plants and animals, because of the selective breeding we've done for centuries to produce a particular taste, look, size etc. For history of that, look into corn and carrots!! GMO is a faster, more specific version of this process and is (for good reason) well regulated to insure that the modifications do not make the food harmful to eat, and also to avoid over-competition with surrounding habitats in the case of plant-life.  There's a lot of politics and ethics involved in the actual procurement of GMO seed-stock which I'd recommend looking into too - this might involve farmers struggling with the costs of seeds and being unable to propagate from their own crop due to infertile/seedless GMO plants, or because the GMOs are patented in such a way that it's illegal to have a cloning/breeding stock and they have to rebuy seeds every time. Deeply unethical imo, and the only times seedless might be acceptable is if the GMO plant is hyper-resilient in a way that seeds leaving the farm could result in local habitats being chocked out by the very competitive GMO plant.
Growing plants inside bananas is a horrible idea since ripe bananas produce a lot of ethylene. It's a plant hormone that promotes ripening of fruits, but also makes plants age faster, or die faster.  Dying plants also produce a lot of ethylene which is why you should keep your Christmas tree, if real, away from your live plants.
Damn, the chocolate in banana thing was a very normal thing people used to cook on campfires at my old girl guide unit (I hate bananas so I can't tell you if they were any good but that's definitely a normal combo, albeit not the microwave part)
I'm sure in the fake video that's the wrong sort of soil for planting aloe vera
I think that since it's a GMO that has been modified from another banana cousin, then it's not such a big problem. People go nuts when it's a mix between two different species, or a plant and an animal.
Aren't you supposed to wear white and light colors to protect from UV?? I've always heard that white rejects light and black absorbs it, which is why wearing black in the summer is hell
Folk are happy to argue against GMO bananas whilst drunk on their ignorance facing the fact that all Cavendish bananas are clones.
People have been genetically modifying foods for millenia. I'm all for changing the bananas to make them resistant to this disease. With global food shortages and climate change, GMO may be the only way the human race (and many animal species) will survive.
Banana Aloe works. I tried it
A couple of botannical issues/errors ruined your debunk of the plant propogation.  Mainly, their leaf hack was about monstera deliciosa, a plant Queenslanders will be familiar with. It is a philodendron vine, and generates aerial roots from the stem at leaf nodes which it uses to climb and grow. In a humid climate, it is very easy to propogate because of this. Unfortunately, using a different (unidentified) large leafed plant and trying to propogate it from that absolutely bears no comparison to the way the monstera vine grows, so nothing was debunked here.     Also, similarly, they used a very young aloe vera "pup" (which will sprout roots easily but not in the anoxic environment of a banana), while you used a mature (but not old) plant which was a different type of aloe, so you can't compare them well. The debunking was less convincing for this, but you still demonstrated the anoxic environment of the rotting fruit having a negative effect on plant growth.  One hack that does work is using bananas to ripen things like avocados and custard apples, I expect most people are aware of this. This is the reason you should store your bananas away from your apples, because they will ripen the apples too quickly! If you ever want a positive hack to test, you could try that one :)
who here keeps banana's for more than 3days lol
I am so glad I stopped watching 5-minute Crafts a very long time ago.
Just a little tip: spotty bananas are great for baking
"Some ppl don't like geneticly mutated food" well, for now they have the choice until there won't be any "natural" bananas and if they ever want to taste bananas they'll have the mutated ones and who knows maybe the mutated ones will be called normal and forgotten they were mutated over the years.
I don't get the point of anti-genetically modified food, if something is gonna make our food safe to eat and for those who work on the production field takes benefit from it, it's a win-win situation.
Cooked chocolate banana is my absolute favourite thing! We often did it on the weekends when I was a kid and now I do it in the middle of the night sometimes because I'm an adult who makes adult decisions hahahaha!
Regardless of it being GMO'd, let's support other people's source of income and just eat yummy fruits <3
NOT PEOPLE ACTUALLY TRYING THE ZOMBIE BANANA HACK LMAOODNDNNKAOZLA SHSJQKSKSBSHAHSHHQHSHAHQ
5:53 You're being rather generous. The color seems significantly more intense with the banana peel covered beads as opposed to the control, so if anything this is actually worse than doing nothing at all.
I think you missed out just one banana hack 😏😉
i am definitely pro-gmo, i did research for a debate and i decided that i agreed with the concept, especially since they're so important to growing so many crops. however i am anti-monsanto and their awful gmo copyrighting practices!
"Did the roots groy?.......Noy...." ^^ I left my babana for three weeks and it developed some white "fur". A polar bear in the making? Update: The the fur is green now and I am scared this might be exoterrestrial. (Body snatchers or something?) Should I inform Homeland Security or rather Defense Ministry?
My grandmother put bananas in the freezer, they weren't brown even after 3 months 😂
if ur anti GMO you didnt pass gcse biology
What best sun cream to used in Australia
All I can think watching these videos is "Poor Dave"
putting chocolate in bananas and heating them was my favorite dessert as a kid. My mom used to stuff them with milk chocolate and wrap them in tinfoil and put it on the coal whenever we were barbequing. Amazing
I heard that The banana that went extinct tasted like how banana candies do, they were based on that banana
The first hack with the aloe plant, the bigger plant on the thumbnail is literally a drawing- 👁👁
genetic modification isn't always bad, like here, with the bananas, that's my opinion
Necessary correction: a "backslash" (looks like this "\")is used by windows to divide levels in a directory. Web addresses are divided by *forward* slash ("/").
The real banana hack is genetic modification to make them immune! Also, to anyone scared of GMO's we've been modifying foods for years to make them better for us. Like cabbage, kale and brussel sprouts all come from the same plant but we bred them to do different stuff. Same goes for corn, it used to be very small and barely edible. We can solve the banana crisis easily quicker than our ancestors made the foods we recognize today
I'm a Landscaper and I know for a fact aloe vera has very a shallow roots so they can get water a bit easier. I *think* they may have tap Roots as well, but it really could just be where she was growing them. Also for the leaf it will not grow any new Roots because… well the proper hormones were not put on it. And a banana doesn't have everything that the plant will need. What we do sometimes is we'll take tomato plants and cut some of the stems up that are overgrown, then we add a root growth hormone to New growth and stick it in the soil and heavily water it. It's going to look like it's struggling at first but they'll eventually perk up. Every route has a slippery substance it's excrete so it can move better through the dirt. Roots are very strong, but I don't think they'd have a good time going through a banana. There wouldn't be enough water and nutrient in it. If anything I feel like you just clog up the xylem and phloem.
Omg my girl guides did the banana and chocolate one on a camping trip but we put it in the camp fire. Never liked bananas so I didn’t like it but I remember everyone else did so...
I just wanted to mention that in the dead links part, you were not supposed to click on the links that you did. It mentions that the "older" article along with the mentioned studies is found on the link that appears below the subscribe box. This link is indeed working even today and there are people commenting on the redirected page that they tested it out and it doesn't work for them either. Anyway, this definately can't ruin all the research that you did and I am really glad that you are taking the time and effort to do the research and debunk all of those fake hacks.
Omg my girl guides did the banana and chocolate one on a camping trip but we put it in the camp fire. Never liked bananas so I didn’t like it but I remember everyone else did so...
24:29  I heard a high pitch noise in the background and I thought it was my puppy whining and wanting to get up lol
I'm all for GMO. Helps everyone in the world. More people can get food. I'm all for filling everyone's tummies with food.
To quote Gwen Stefani: This sh*t is bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S!
We learn in school about the way bananas let other fruits getting faster brown because of the gas .....😂 so i wonder why so many trust this videos
Happy anniversary
The cavandish is a gmo already.
I used to make fireside banana s’mores. Red hots, chocolate and marshmallows wrapped in tin foil placed by a fire. Shit was good. Red hots weren’t that great in it but they are good af
The sunscreen one is especially bad because the bugs will be all over your ass especially mosquitoes
if no one told you something was genetically modified you'd never know.  and if its not deadly to consume its a non issue.  point of argument many plant foods are modified when you consider how plants are turned into hybrids for better yields and qualities and resistance to insects and thats never an issue with anyone...the only people who take issue with feeding a population with hybrids or GMO plants are morons who dont understand what they are talking about.
That leaf-banana transplant was from a banana plant :)
I'm so afraid that I'm 22 years now and my grandchildren won't have the chance to taste a real banana.
I think gmo's are a great step forward into a brighter future. I can't wait to see what else they come up with, we could end world hunger with more research into this field. It really bums me out to see people lobbying against gmo's simply because they're icky or "not natural". Medicine isn't natural but that doesn't mean it's bad. I emplor everyone to look into gmo's with an impartial attitude and try and check their biases.
I've done the banana and the jackfruit pulled (pork) the bbq sauce is deffinitly the hero of that recipe. On a side note the jackfruit version gave me THE WORST heartburn I've had in my entire life 😅
those hackers should be arrested for bananacide
I'm fine with GMO if it can save an entire species of crop, not to mention the livelihood of a large group of people.
Oh no! I grew up in the 70's and I've had SEVERAL sun burns 😳😬
Bananas grow on trees, it cant survive in that environment
Много слушала лекций про ГМО, но ни разу не слышала про такую проблему с банами! Только про спасение папайной индустрии на Гавайях от вируса кольцевой папайной пятнистости. Очень интересно было и неожиданно )
I found that keeping my bananas in a brown paper bag in the fruit bowl stops  them going black as quickly.  They will stay fresh for over a week and a half.
Your hubby is adorable and so trusting to spite all the things you have fed him. That is husband goals hun!
U.V beads? Please tell me I'm not the only person who's never heard of this!!
13:53 that garbage was from a greek channel? I almosted puked.
Something I want to mention about the OG bananas before cavendish that were wiped out in 1965; you know that sweet banana flavor in candy? That’s what those first bananas tasted like. Crazy right?
BTW great video
I looked up if banana is a UV protector  and the results were shocking
ALL non wild caught food is genetically modified and has been for hundreds or thousands of years so it’s a stupid argument agriculture has ALWAYS been about genetically modifying plants and and animals through forced natural selection aka breeding and now we just have more Precise methods nothing we eat today is the way it was in nature
While I was watching this I got a notification “Giving a banana a tattoo” 😀
I think its great that you mentioned the disease as I had never heard of it. In my opinion many people fear gentically modified crops because of the stigma that comes with the name. Most of them don't know that humans have allways genetically modified crops in order to increase the net gain of farming it. We just got way better at it so now instead of centuries selecting and crossing plants we can just modify their dna in a laboratory and I think thats an improvement. p.s: Youre peeling your bananas the wrong way Anne, you gootta pinch it on the other end
Planting a leaf inside a banana to grow plant is the dumbest thingh i have ever seen.. damn this diy peoples
“Even monkeys peel bananas “ 😂😂
Oh man that squeak in the background had me checking all my animals 😂😂😂 Love the debunking,  totally awesome 😎
Banana equals bananas
The seed filled wild banana triggered something inside me. Looking at it bothered me.
That octopus tentacles was a jump scare for me
I’m watching this while eating a banana
GMO is lumped together into this column of "bad".  Meats and things being modified that end up with hormones and such in them generally are, but a lot of the others are not so much.  Modern corn, carrots, and many other things people consume on a daily basis are modified from their original state.  They aren't bad.  I giggle every time I see bright orange non-GMO carrots.  Using those beads was a really cleaver way to show how well each method worked.  I would have never even considered that.  I was sad when I saw those two full bunches of bananas and I knew they were going to be wasted because you had to show dumb people how science works.  Death of a few to save many more, I suppose.  I think if bananas did die off, I would actually mourn them.  There aren't a lot of fruits or veggies that I enjoy and bananas are a major one I will eat.
You can buy Gros Michel from srilanka. Ask for 'anamalu'. Its Gros michel. And its very cheap
I dunno about y'all but what you call the top of the banana is actually the bottom for me 😭
GMO is basically a short cut for breeding
Even monkeys peel banana... Hahhahahaha... Poor Dave
I assumed the hair dryer one was faked by hitting a fresh banana with a really hot air stream to brown it up, then playin the video backwards
ooff. i'm just watching this and the banana sunscreen... like... the enzymes in the peel COMBINED with sun???!!!! that will burn worse than just forgetting your sunscreen and going without it!! D:
27:55 that banana freaks me out
Actually cooked banana tastes good Dave. Think banana bread, banana fritters, banana chips, and in my country we got grilled banana eaten with sweet toppings and kolak (some kind of sweet banana and root vegetable stew) yum
People are up in arms about GMOs, but this kind of selective breeding has been going on for hundreds of years. Look at bananas or corn from 400 years ago, they look nothing like what we have now. Cabbage, broccoli, kale, Brussels sprouts, are all the same plant, each bred for different traits. If you’re really anti-GMO, all that’s left for you is weeds and wild-grown sprouts.
This channel is way more informative than it first appears and hot damn I am dignity down for it!
"One bad sunburn as a child doubles your risk of melanoma as an adult." Me, a ginger who loves swimming: 👁️👄👁️ Also, that wild banana made me itch. I know why you included the picture, but my god I wish I didn't see it.
When me and my siblings were little we used to do the hack with the chocolate and microwave except my mom put chocolate and marshmallows in and the wrapped then cut open banana in foil and put it in the oven! lol
I mean... the bananas we eat are not natural; they are a GMO crop in that humans bred them specifically to not have seeds in them, therefor altering their genetics from regular bananas to the point where they cannot be bred and are instead all clones (which is also why they are weak to disease), so complaining about 'GMO' bananas is typically a stupid argument that makes no sense. There ARE arguments against lab based direct genetics manipulation, but 99% of people don't even begin to comprehend that argument, and instead base their argument on their flimsy, corporate-created idea of what is "natural" and that "natural is good" etcetera.  Basically: "GMO is bad because it goes against my ethics or gives the wealthy an even bigger advantage over the local farmers." = An argument with merit. "GMO is bad because it's not natural." = An argument made from someone who hasn't learned anything since high-school.  My personal thoughts on GMO is that in theory I have no problems with it being done, but in practice it usually leads to the GMO manufacturers having a strict control of their crop, so any farmer who wants to grow their fancy wheat must pay their incredibly steep prices, but they can't NOT grow their wheat because then all the other farmers around them will outproduce them massively with the GMO crop.  For example: it's happening to a lot of farmers in north Africa right now; they have to buy new seeds every year because the GMO crops are purpose designed not to seed and the prices are very high for the return they get, but they can't NOT buy the seeds because the non-GMO variant is much harder to grow in the area, and produces much less crop in a year, so they're stuck in a loop of buying these GMO seeds and going into debt over and over because the regular crop doesn't pay enough to get them out of the cycle. All while the already wealthy GMO company laughs and rakes in the profits.
Why did I have a feeling that you were going to pick my country before even saying it? xD weird haha, I didn't even know Greek people were doing life hack videos
Not sure if it's a NZ thing or if y'all have it in Aus too but we always put bananas on the BBQ with a couple pieces of chocolate in it and it tastes so, so good. The microwave is a new one...
Funny what Dave said, in northern Brazil fried banana is a common treat people like to eat. It's very similar to french fries
_One_ bad sunburn doubles your risk? Ruh roh Shaggy, i've got pale irish-german skin and i've gotten sunburns so bad i've gotten _boils_ three times...
Why are these factory craft channels trying so hard to convince people that you can make other plants grow with bananas?? Bananas are like suicide bombers! They take everything else out with them!
That wild banana freaked me tf out Ann 😰
People need to get over the fear of GMO's. Us humans have been genetically modifying everything since we first learned how to farm. That's actually how we made the banana be all know and love today. Sure we have different tools for doing it now, modifying it in a lab instead of through selective breeding but the concept is the same.  GMO's specifically the one's made with modern lab technology are a great opportunity to get rid of the need for pesticides, make foods more nutritious, and lots more! Its actually super cool. I wish people would see that instead of buying into all the fear.
6:33 quote of the year
Whoa! This is really cool!
I like bananas a little on the green side. The inside is firmer & a little tart. Once they start getting brown spots they get too squishy & lose some flavor, in my opinion.
Wait till people realize the cavendish is a gmo plant. lol
The bananas are becoming stronger, nice
I think fear of GMO from a scientific standpoint is wholly unjustified: every vegetable we eat has been genetically modified by selective breeding over the course of years/decades by humans. If there's a quicker, more efficient way to do that, then so be it! We need more fear of GMOs from a social, ethical standpoint. What's so important about food is that it is, by its own nature, accessible by everyone. You can plant them by yourself, get your own supply. Sure you can buy premium quality seeds, and some varieties are seedless or sterile exactly so you can't duplicate the variety, but the point still stands. You can plant an apple and get an apple tree. You can plant a potato and get more of them. But, hours of paid work is being put into efficient GMOs, and those who invested in them obviously will want their money back - and if they're so easy to "steal", the market would be over saturated in very little time! But, what if those GMOs are so competitive, they make the "regular" variety of the same plant outdated? Would small farmers run out of business? What about people in third world countries? Monopolies are scary. The science behind GMOs, however, is not! And I would personally love to see more GMOs on the market (my country has a history of being vehemently against them), as long as they're regulated in ways that make their production ethical.
Ah, i remember now. Someone (Jung Il-woo) did something similiar with a banana/chocolate on a show called Fun-staurant but he roasted his on a campfire. It actually looked really good. Maybe I should try it
Sincerely, since the modification is not to change the nutrients or the taste of the food itself and if it doesn't make big differences on how our bodies digest them, i don't think genetically modifying food is that big of a deal. Even more in this scenario where the bananas are getting wiped out and we need them
Oh yeah, trypophobia is gonna get to me before I get to those bananas.
The zombie banana-hair dryer hack: The banana has been chilled/lightly frozen which darkens the skin, so there is some logic that heat could make it yellow again, but I highly doubt that it would work in reality.
but grilled bananas are great <3
I feel so bad for dave hahaha xD I would never tolerate eating anything for experiments hahah 🤣
For the sunscreen test, it honestly looked to me like the banana beads changed _faster_ than the control.  Halfway through the explanation of banana ripening I'm like 'oh, so ethylene gas is a plant hormone (or at least a byproduct of a plant hormone), got it'
I think GMO is fine when it isn’t loads and if it will save bananas then I’ll eat GMO bananas.
We don't deserve Dave 🥺
I love the warm bananas with chocolate, I also wrap it in Aluminium foil and put it in the grill,maybe I'm strange😅
Ah, a banana boat! The one where they cut the slice out and add chocolate and then microwave it. Typically you do it on a campfire though. Microwave probably makes it not as tasty.
Her husband is hilarious, he said even monkeys peel bananas 🍌 🤣 then he said 2020 has been hard times lol
The chocolate in the banans is a really famous thing in sweden! But we make it in the oven with some aluminium foil wrapped around it, its so delicious. I always ate it when i was a kiddo, need to make it again soon!
Bananas with chocolate is a popular treat made on campfires in Norway, probably other places aswell
The plants were given a vaccine Nice!!!
Wow
people reject GMOs when literally wheat is an ancient GMO. Just done through cross-breeding instead of doing it in a lab . . . but then what's the difference? the result is the same. The DNA of two types of plant are being mixed. The benefit of modern science is being able to isolate the traits you want and only pass those on, instead of hoping for the best. Think some people have grown up on too many mad scientist stories! Humans have been messing with genetics for years. Look at dog breeds even. reckon some people should just calm down and eat the new banana! (Banana 2: the sequel)
Lmfao poor Dave 😭
10:01
Yeah, but is the aloe vera alright?
More than a million views and not even 1k dislikes wow everyone hates these content farms
Poor dave.....
Your nail polish is really pretty
Thank you for making this! Entertaining and educational
Being against GMOs is a highly privileged standpoint. Organizations like Greenpeace don't care about human suffering, they'll burn down the banana plants themselves because "GMO = bad". See: Golden Rice. Those organizations have put out videos literally saying that poor people just don't know how to cook nutritious food. Absolutely disconnected from reality.  If it's not clear, I'm very pro GMO. Not least because *everything* we eat today has been genetically modified, it's called "selective breeding". We can just control the mechanism better now, which actually makes it safer.
Loving your content. Great and well researched as usual.
OK, before I even see the explanation of the hair dryer + banana..... my guess is..... it was played-back in reverse...... so that the banana was yellow, but the hair dryer heat made the banana brown, but the video was displayed in reverse. (turns out I might be wrong ??) Also,  my bunch of bananas bought from Whole Foods market indeed already had the stem-side wrapped with a plastic tape, direct from the market.  I wonder if the plastic was there simply to prevent customers from ripping all the bunches into lots of  single banana pieces ????
Banaaaner!
“Even monkeys peel bananas.’’ Lol
I just got a full on ted talk about bananas, and I don't regret it
How on earth do they don't know about chocolate bananas! We do them every time for dessert when we have a grill party. They taste awesome xD
i was shocked to hear banana is the world's favorite fruit bc i cannot eat them without gagging... my daughter, however, loves them though so i buy quite a bit. excellent video as always 🥰
That shows how spoiled we that we can't eat a brown banana.
Wild banana isn't real, wild banana can't hurt you...
nice
I think that breeding plants is ok because they're plants and can't feel pain
The work this women does to keep us safe is amazing! If only our government cared as much as she does. ❤️  When it comes to GMO’s it makes sense to generically modify crops for places that don’t have any choice but the eat that crop, (bananas making up 25% of the nutritional value for the people in that area) but in the USA and other developed countries it doesn’t make sense to genetically modify anything when we have choices. We can survive and even thrive without genetically modifying any crop, but undeveloped countries that struggle with soil quality, drought, and other harsh environments where crops are hard to grow, genetically modifying them so they can grow in that area is necessary and makes sense to do so! Genetically modifying crops to look nicer, taste nicer, and such is very vain and is completely a waste of scientific research and resources.
I learned SO MUCH from this video, thankyou for always being so thorough! I feel so wise now that I know so much about bananas :)
Actually tomatoes are the most popular fruit, with bananas in the secondplace
100000000÷365=273,972.60273972 bananas a day?!🤯 Unless I did that wrong..😅😅
the plot of interstellar is based on fungus killing all the plants on earth.. so this banana fungus is scary ! 😬
Imagine growing on a tree for a long time, just to get picked up and stabbed into the soil then being forcefully shoved by a hot chilly pepper.
Have you ever gone camping and done a banana in tinfoil with chocolate and marshmallows..  it's actually pretty good
6:08 the banana covered beads have a darker color then the control ones. O.o
*Ben has entered the chat*
Personally I'm perfectly fine eating GMO bananas, I mean Gros Michelle and Cavendish bananas as we know them are selectively bred monstrosities of their own, the fact that they're seedless and massive and rippen bright yellow is human's genetically modifying the species, just by means of selective breeding rather than genetic splicing
This video is so low volume! I have my volume up to 100 and its still hard to hear
Well in southern India, we do make a dry shallow fried version of banana peel, not the yellow ones though.. and, I did try the wrapping the top of the banana thing... and it somehow worked!! More than once! Might be because we don’t get bananas from the store here, comes straight from the farmer
Dave, you ma' man eat banana skin  I respect you
I loath bananas as much as I do mushrooms. Ugh! However, if GMO food (in this case bananas) is the only way to save a farmer and his family from going bust and a country from starvation, I say go for it.  I bet the Irish would have taken GMO potatoes over starvation and sickness in the 1840s.
surely the Cavendish banana is a genetically modified banana anyway, yes its been done over many years turning a wild banana into the Cavendish but we humans have genetically modified it, so to make it resistant to that nasty bug is in my books very well done piece of work well done mister scientist, i love bananas
GMOs are the future as we kill off the environment
want some bannaners
I wish there had been a trypophobia warning before the picture of that wild banana.
I thought banana skin was astringent. Also, you think we would have learned from 1950s banana apocalypse. I am sad that I will never get to taste the other banana. Except in fake banana flavor.
I don’t even eat bananas but I’m hella entertained here lol
5 minute crafts:"RuB BaNnA PeELs On yOUr SKin FOr Sun ScReEn" Me: *I call than advancing pimples.*
I'm for GMOs I watched a couple of documentaries about it and. They seem to do more good then bad . they just get e a bad. Gmo crops has been used to prevent Mass food shortages. So they are good in my book
😂 almost everyone knows a monstera leaf won't grow into a plant if it doesn't have a node
Go GMO! Save the Cavendish banana! 🍌
Fruit and decaying plants release gasses that makes them decay even more! It's just adding rot...to rot 🤣👍
I can understand being against unneeded genetically modified food but when there is a huge issue with something and you can fix it with a small genetic modification, why even be bothered by it? I think it is great that they are trying to solve a huge issue with science! We just have to save bees now.
I love watching your videos, it's so interesting knowing the science behind what we eat
i always come away from your videos a little bit smarter, it really goes to show that you can do a lot with a little bit of research
Lol Poor Dave!! He's a great guy! He reminds me ALOT of my hubby. Not in looks, my hubby is Native American. Choctaw and Cherokee. But he seems really nice.
As for the GMO bananas,  our current bananas are GMO.  Because the panama disease wiped out all the bananas in the 50s/60s they created the new strain (cavendish) of bananas. Which apparently ive been told taste entirely different. The original bananas from the 50s/60s tasted like all the "banana flavoured" things we have. I've never done any research into it. So this is just all stuff I was told.
The banana we buy and eat now is already genetically modified. Its fine
Make banana bread. Its so good.
The cooked banana with chocolate is something we did in camp. It was good when I was a kid, but as an adult, I can't imagine it being too good.
All you need to propagate a plant leaf is a glass of water, don’t waste the banana
বিচি কলা খাইসি অনেক, কিন্তু এই লাস্টেরটা দেখে গা ঘিনঘিন করে উঠলো। #tyrophobia! তবে আমি বুঝলাম না সাগর কলার চেয়ে সবরিকলা বেশি মজা, ওটা কেন এক্সপোর্ট হয় না??
I always keep the banana in the fridge, without the peel. It stop the ripening process. After more than a week, the bananas are still firm.
Me every time I see a hack like "put a plant in a banana and it will grow!": ... why not just use water?
Have you ever had Cotton Candy Strawberries? Yumm.  GMO should be regulated in maybe specifying how it was modified. Also studies to support how GMOs affect our bodies in the long run (or don't affect)  My parents run an organic farm, security is high to the point of if a mouse enters the field they would have to pay lots of money to test and isolate the crop that was in contact. Along with verifying there are no pesticides ever being sprayed with in a certain radius of thier land. They have to go through serious hoops to continue being recognized by the government as a 100% organic farm. When they use to just sell at farmers markets it was much simpler, but they were picked by a major brand. They do make a nice compensation, but every year they argue whether it's worth it... without GMO crops, the prices of these items would sky rocket. Making it impossible for low income families to afford healthy eating. Crop diseases are discover quite often as well, and variety of fruits and veg will dwindle... then what will you eat?
Anyone who is anti-GMO should probably just steer clear of bananas full stop, they're so selectively bred that they're already a genetic nightmare, and especially given the context, genetically modifying them will probably save thousands of lives. I only hope the modified one is widely accessible for the farming communities who rely on it
I WANT TO KNOW WHAT THE APPLE BANANA TASTES LIKE
Your channel is really amazing and useful!
the real issue is that the cavendish isn't even that good of a banana, it just ships well
um, those bananas were already inedibly overripe before you started.
4:40 Me who has had countless amounts of really bad sunburn/poisoning: **chuckles** im in danger
i love GMOs <3 would love to eat a GMO banana <3
8:46 ok, big flex
Wow, that banana sunscreen one was just despicable. Putting naive children at risk of skin cancer for some views and a quick buck. 🤢
Hi, love your debunking videos, and it's cool that this one was posted on my birthday, but there's one thing that bugged me.  When you were doing the nord vpn ad, you said BACKslash in the url.  Backslash is \ which is NEVER valid in a url.  Only slash (sometimes called forward slash) / is valid in a url.  It always bugs me when people say backslash when they mean slash.  Keep up the debunking videos though. :-)
I LOVE SCIENCE! SAVE THE BANANA! SAVE THE SPECIES! SAVE PEOPLES' JOBS AND DIETS! GENE SPLICING FOR THE WIN!
I myself am not against GMO crops, as I think that they aren’t any less natural than the other crops that we think of as “natural” which have been through thousands of years of artificial selection or selective breeding to make them look and taste like they do now, proven by the wild banana Ann showed on the video, which would actually be natural as opposed to the cavendish variety. This, of course, isn’t exclusive to bananas, in fact, all the plants that we eat nowadays have been through the same artificial selection process to make them have the most flesh and least amount of seeds possible, if any at all. The problem with GMO is purely an image problem, where natural foods are perceived to better for you than genetically altered ones or purely artificial ones, where in fact as long as GMO crops have been through sufficient testing, they are just as good, sometimes even better than the non-GMO varieties, as GMOs can be genetically engineered to be more dense in nutrients and more resistant to diseases, insects or fungus, as shown by the research done by Professor James Dale. For more on the topic of GMOs, I recommend Kurzgesagt’s video on GMOs and make sure to check the sources document in the video description.
aww poor dave always having to be a lab rat for anns (sorry if i misspelled your name....) awefull hack\cooking\experiments so on tests.... XP dave is awesome keep it up dave!
U have to ware white coloured dress as it absorbs less sun
I learned ethylene gas helps avocados fall off the tree.  Neat. Probably the same for other tree fruits.
Gmo crops and animals could solve climate change.. Is could stop industrial farming And industrial farming is a major factor of climate change
Where’s fellow Aussie, Freelee?? The Banana Girl!? 😆
I Vote Ann Reardon for Prime Minister Of Australia!!
I'm kinda surprised that you guys only eat cavendish banana because in my country (Indonesia), that variety is not really popular. In here, we have about 10+ varieties of banana that are relatively cheap and easy to find. Some varieties that I usually buy are pisang raja (as a snack, just eat it right away) and pisang kepok (good for cooking, it can be steamed, fried with vanilla batter or become a bun filling).
Haha... Hot bananas are great!  One of my favorite campfire snacks involve a hot banana... You open it and cut out a bit of the banana so you have more space, then fill it with peanut butter, chocolate, and marshmallows.  Then close the peel, wrap it in foil, and put it on the coals.  You let it get all melty and hot, then eat it with a spoon... And I've been known to do it in the microwave, too, if we don't do enough camp fires over the summer... :P
Monoculture farming is so scary.
Love the research you do for these videos Ann!
https://youtu.be/Ab1m8zGZQug can you do another debunking
8:47 "Then I'll just get some rosemary from my garden..." Flex
People are disliking this video?? Like really??
I thought if you put a banana in a microwave it turns to green goo
I'm sure this channel has saved plenty of time, money and hospital visits. This is genuinely a public service
Bananas might be dying out though. Edit! I wrote this comment before i heard you mention the disease. Kudos to being this thorough. I really appreciate this channel. And I didn't know about that 'solution'. Also question ... why can't we GMO the gros michel? There are still trees out there ... so shouldn't the gros michel (better banana) be able to make it's comeback?
I love her accent lol
Full "hands" of bananas always come with the part that hold them together wrapped in plastic when they arrive at the store. I assume it serves some purpose. Atleast here in sweden.
Finnaly Dave got something that wasn't awful
Plants lives Matter!
You are watching this video- ~in bed ~video not in full screen ~reading the comments
All I know is that once my bananas are too ripe, BANANA BREAD!!! 🍌🍞
There are actually many species that arent too different from the cavendish. Lots of them even taste. There are some that is pretty much mini cavendish. Tiny beautiful yellow with almost no spots that taste sweeter than cavendish. Green bananas(many different species of these) that have a different taste than cavendish some can be much bigger than cavendish and much sweeter but even unripe they got those black spots that for some reason the export market don't want even though the inside is perfect. The problem is that the market is too picky, making the entire industry pretty much homogenic. And a homogenic forest for example is much more easily wiped out by a single disease.
You can eat banana by itself  But you can't eat banana peel by itself
Waste your bananas Me: I LOVED THAT HACK I HATE BANANAS
Broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower, spinach, and more. Are all genetically modified from a single plant.
Am I only one who likes Brown bananas
if u add a warning when u showed us the banana diseases thing it will be better cuz some people have trypophobia
Is it just me or is Dave aging backwards
“Even monkeys peel bananas” 😂😂😂😂 yes sir yes
We had a debate in class today about GMOs and I litterally went bananas about bananas. LOL
Dave looks like the kind of person who looked absolutely the same when he was 7yrs old as now 😀
Dave blink twice if anne is forcing you to eat this stuff xD
for the banana with the aloe plant and growing roots:   well when a banana is left over the course of a few days and goes brown and mushy, it starts to de-compress meaning the things inside it break down and become looser bound together. what i find interesting about that with the longer roots is that when pulling it out you see lots of them when it only started with 2 or 3 at most and fairly short.   what i think happened is that the stringy bits when you peel a banana and they start to come off with the skin have been moved by the decomposition and then therefore clinged to the roots and making them appear bigger.    ann, feel free to correct this but did it feel like actual plant roots that were firm and structured in a way that made it be suitable for what the roots would do or was it quite soft and a bit of a sticky or slime -like feel. if so then it was more than likely the banana strings.   --Caden
so i heard something that one of these channels (i dont think it was blossom or 5 minute crafts, believe it was a smaller one) made a liquid black soap and they wanted you to make the soap black with LITERAL CEMENT which can give you pretty nasty cement burns like BRUH HOW DO YOU THINK THATS OKAY
i dont get why people waste over ripe bananas, they can still be used for banana bread, banana pancakes, etc. ripening bananas just makes them much sweeter
https://youtube.com/c/buzzfeedtasty Is this channel good for cooking?
When blossom and 5 minute crafts debunk each other it's like that meme where 2 spiderman's are pointing at each other..
When blossom and 5 minute crafts debunk each other it's like that meme where 2 spiderman's are pointing at each other..
GMOs aren't the problem, capitalism is
how does she have the worlds best handwriting?
Super informative.. keep up the good work.. Jesus bless amen ✝️👏😇👑🙇💯🙏❤️👏👏👏👏✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️✝️
Your videos are just what my day was missing. They're really entertaining, educating and I love your accent. Keep up the great work:)
what ive learned from this entire series is that ann is an astounding spiral-like researching.  imagine the tabs on her computer while she researches-
People who are anti-gmo should probably not be eating bananas anyway. XD
GMO is an incredibly important tool for securing the food supply globally, and assisting developing nations meet their nutritional needs. Clearly it's not the only tool, but it's an important one none the less
i see no downside to the gmo banana. gmo good. gmo make food healthy and help large groups of people stay fed. yay gmo
(audio volume is Very Low,, had to crank my Tv to double the usual to hear properly)  made it quite the shock when the adverts kick in
"Even monkeys peel bananas." That part sent me 😂
Monstera plant cannot be propagated with just a leaf and no nodes, banana or no banana. What a joke these 5m crafts vids are smh
Lemmon juice? Doesn’t this stop them from going brown
Oh the topic of geneticlly altered food is driving peaple apart I think :D  I'm an ongoing Biotechnologist from Germany and was a bit astonished when I learned about the declaration of genetically altered food in the way they made it. So to disclaim this a bit, I can actually just talk about the regulations in the EU, but here it is like this:  If a plant is shot with radiation to force it to alter in the genome, there are several mutations that can accur and noone is specific for a certain kind of problem (like the resistance of the banana to the fungus) and this is declared as NON GENETICALLY ALTERED. So... If you have successfully altered a plant to be resistant, there will most probably be other mutations you don't know about and can be harmful (maybe, but of course it'd being tested)  BUT... If you just take a specific gene from the resistant banana plant and give it to the one that is not resistant (e.g with the CRISPR-Cas9 Method, you may heard of) then it's declared of being genetically altered food.  To summerize: Are genes successfully transfered between different plants, no matter how precizely (only the gene you want), then it's declared as GM Food. But if you just shoot a plant with radiation (or other mutagene methods) to achieve random mutations an may end up with one that is besides maybe hundrets of other mutations with the feature you want, then you can declare it as Non GM Food...  I think thats a bit ironic right? :D And that leads also to a lot of misconceptions of GM Food.  I'm interested what it's like in other countries :D
Me: "I hate bananas." Me after seeing a banana with seeds: "Okay, now I REALLY hate bananas!" Interesting video as always though, I like these debunking vids a lot :D
It amazing
Dave is hilarious 😁
Banana skins are rich in potassium. We cook raw (green) banana peel/skins. Very nutritious and yummy too.
GM foods? Yes please!
i cant stand eating bananas until they’re totally spotted, but then you have to eat a whole bunch of bananas within a few day window before they’re just complete mush
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-6EFafYcpk  debunk this please
As a scout we always made bananas with chocolate in the campfire snd its so good. Not sure what he is talking about. Cooked bananas are amazing
Cold condition keeping a banana hard and stiff? That's not usually how 'it' works...
Notice how the banana beads were slightly darker then the controlled ones
I am pretty anti GMO foods. If I knew, like with the banana, what exactly was done I wouldn't have a problem so much.
Dogs are just GMO Wolves 🐶
I think I’m hearing voices. I could have sworn hearing simplynailogical all the way from Canada screaming: “Ben, would’ve eaten that banana!”
I’ve got a YouTube video called library assistant becomes savior for a dog please spread word about it
Oh man, I love Dave 😂😂😂 “even monkeys peel bananas” 😂
Hanging the banana makes ripe faster we do in Jamaica for cooking
Poor Dave
Video Idea: Test out food advertisement hack videos
Those wild bananas were really funny looking
Well, the complete banana peel will block UV radiation. Solid objects tend to do that. You might look a bit silly walking around with banana peels covering your body, but, as an old friend of mine said "you do you, boo".
How devastating if baseless fear-mongering about GMOs prevents this important food source and industry from being saved. We need more people like Ann, who do actual research, not conspiracy dives, and spread true, vital information!
I am so very glad I don't like bananas xD (it's the food I dislike the most).
0:55 the cartoon aloe vera 🤦‍♀️
As an agricultural engineer i can 100% agree with everything you said about bannanas. I'm amazed by how much information you found, not that it's hard with everything being on the internet now but because you went and researched. Anyways about the gmo issue can you please put the link to the research cause I'm really interested in readung it. Because when it comes to producing any resistant variety to any disease their is either genetically modifying it which is basically most often to add a resistant gene from one variety to the other, but some methods include crossbreeding which is to get the wild crop that is resistant to diseases or having the trait you need and cross it with the crop that you want to produce but its not resistant. There are other techniques that doesn't include genetic modification so I'm really curious to see what method did he use. Anyways thanks for your hard work, keep it up and I'm gonna go search for his article now cause I can't wait .
even monkey's peel bananas 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
imagine if you just saw someone casually rubbing a banana on their face 🤣
From the poll
I like listening to these videos while I study xbkskwbc
The pepper in the banana is to make banana pepper. 😂
Freeze the bananas god damn!
I think people against GMOs don’t tend to understand what GMOs actually are. Not many people know that almost all of the food we eat is genetically modified in minor ways and some food we eat (such as yellow corn) are heavily GM food. The main thing that we should be critical of involving GMO companies is manipulations involving the plant itself and whether or not it can be re-planted. Many GMO companies intentionally make their plants die after only one season and have manipulated them in such a way that they do not produce seeds and drain the soil more quickly of nutrients, which is devastating for third world farmers that rely on them. In terms of human health, at the beginning there were a few hiccups, but at this point the science is pretty stable. I wouldn’t worry too much about getting sick from eating a yellow corn.
When they get soggy is the perfect time to make banana bread!
27:56 Holy... that picture of these wild bananas made me uncomfortable as hell
This HAS to be a Netflix show!!!
When i was ten i went on a cruise to mexico for a week or two and got HORRIBLE sunburns, my skin was the color of cardboard. Its been three years and my skin is at least 3-4 shades darker then before the cruise. Im very excited for skin cancer. 😍
You should take a look at Justin Flom on Facebook. The videos are obviously fake to someone who uses critical thinking and watches your videos but to a common Facebook user they seem real and non edited.
the banana with chocolate actually works if you put it in hot ash, NOT microwave... what was 5 minute crafts thinking?...
The way she says banana makes me so happy.
The whole banana thing, I don’t get why we only grow cavendish for the masses. Why can’t they use this time to work 3 or 4 different varieties into the mainstream? Why after the 50s did we all go to cavendish.
bananas are the most popular? what about strawberries?
I love these so much - thank you for making them.  A lot of effort is involved I would imagine! Love to you, your hubby, and your boys from rainy England ✌🏻
iirc you can speed up avocado ripening by putting them with bananas.
As the 9th Doctor would say don't drop the banana. Good source of potassium! Before I go and watch other videos, your videos are fantastic.
GMO is sometimes required to even get the thing people want. Without GMO some vegetables and fruits don't even look like we're used to seeing them.  Besides, if GMO was really unhealthy, they would not be allowed. For example, fake drugs like aspirin and tylenol is sought out and destroyed because that kills you. But GMO's don't.
In fact I made bananas with chocolate many times. I usually wrap it all in tin foil and cook at the edge of a campfire. It's a great campfire treat.
Day 2 of asking Anne to do more clever or never😃
That wild banana photo will haunt my dreams forever.
In kerala we use the skin of unripe bananas as a vegetable. We shallow fry them with spices and its a tasty dish
9:00  Ok, but does anyone else think that the banana peels look like delicious noodles?!
Hey Ann happy new year. I would like you to react and debunk this video. https://youtu.be/Swp3T2JDKnA
Figured I'd subscribe after this. So much research and information presented in a fun, interesting way.
Brown bananas makes the best bananabread
Well, a real receipe. when the bananas seems just too ripe to be eaten as it. I cook flamed bananas : a little butter in a stove, make the bananas caramelize (without the peel). When cook enough, you can add a little of strong alcohol (Rum, Cointreau, etc... whatever you like). then  ignite the alcohol in the stove. serve warm... that's really tasty. and not fake. There's an alternative, in oven, but there you cook the banana cut in its length with its peel, and don't flame them in the oven.
Hahahah even monkeys peel bananas!
the banana peel just have the taste of the sauce... too much sauce, it's the secret to hide no tastes or bad tastes. that's not food, in my own opinion.
People unjustly hate GMO. Every bit of vegetables and fruits we have is already a GMO. There's a big difference between 'natural GMO' like crossbreeding and splicing, and 'unnatural GMO' with chemicals and pesticides being spliced into the plants.
As a kid , we used to do the chocolate banana thing all the time! Not in the microwave like that, though. We'd put a very sweet kind of children's chocolates in (koetjesrepen) and wrap the banana in tinfoil before sticking it in the oven. The endresult was quite different.
I have to say i have done the chocolate and banana on and i love it.. we did that at school and i am now 51
The vast majority of people who have problems with GMOs don’t actually understand what GMOs are. All of the crops humans consume are genetically modified. The real difference is how they were made: in a laboratory or on a farm.  As you pointed put wild bananas are radically different to domesticated bananas and the same holds true for virtually every other crop humans raise.
I just wanna add that the leaf one wouldn't even work as it looks similar to monster deliciosa or other aroids that look similar to it and they require a node cutting to grow but the cutting shown was that of a leaf, not a node.
Instead of having a banana in your purse to protect from the sun, why not have sunblock in your purse. And people wont look at you like you've lost your mind.
I personally dont have much of an issue with GMOs as we are going to have 2 rely on them more and more as the population grows and as climate change issues continue to rise. I also think you cant lump all GMOs into the same category. Like cross breeding 2 kinds of oranges or something isnt exactly the same as manipulating a plants DNA and adding genes from a completely different type of food like when they added a brazil nut gene into soy beans or watever, I 4got the exact plants involved. Either way though they need more long term studies b4 anything can be said for certain.
Nocie
Thank you 4 exposing these frauds! I just dont understand how people make these fake hacks that can really be harmful and just dont care that they might be really hurting people! Like, why!? For some stupid views!? Humans really disgust me a lot of the time. Also I'm 99% sure bananas are a fruit, not a veggie, but no big deal. Im glad 2 know all these hack videos arent real though. I used to try them sometimes and be so frustrated that my attempts never worked! It never occurred to me that anyone would make videos like that and just blatantly LIE, purposely making hacks they know are BS! I'm lucky I never tried anything dangerous!
Rose Mary is only good on poultry I don’t think it would be good on bananas....
LOL
I love your videos. My husband especially likes your debunking videos. We came across this video on making a 5 minute birthday cake in the microwave. Wanted to see what your input is? Here’s the link. https://youtu.be/scgcui1ot5s
Pretty sure for the people who grow bananas for a income and food source would need the gmo banana otherwise they'd have to find something or somewhere else to plant
I've been calling it Gross Michelle this entire time  lmao
20:40
It’s so awesome how she put so much work into these videos!
GMO phobias, why? Everything we eat has at one time or another over thousands of years been modified. Maze (corn), apples, peppers (you can't get to a ghost pepper without modification), and there are thousands of other examples.
In the US some of us put chocolate, marshmallows, and red hots inside a banana, wrap it in foil, and heat it in the coals of a campfire when camping. It’s a similar tradition to s’mores in youth camping or at least it was decades ago when I was a kid. I don’t recall thinking it smelled bad. I do recall the taste and liked it but liked s’mores better. We called it a banana boat long before I ever heard of suntan oil of the same name.
That hairdryer trick made me call you and what you did witchcraft out loud. After you admited to using a dry erase marker made me exclaim I knew it out loud.
My main problem with GMO is in apples tbh... they grow them to be larger and prettier and as a result they lose all the taste and become crispy water
I wonder what the squeaking around 24 minutes in was 🤔  A bird? Australia has a lot of strange birds
*My family has been murdered*
Thanks, I'll appreciate bananas more =)
Cooking banana peels isn't as uncommon as you think. In many countries, to eliminate food waste, they cook with everything. It's why their are so many recipes that exist using the "throw away" parts of animals
Is the ripening process for other fruits and vegetables the same?
I think the reason why the hacks are so bad is because they don’t expect anyone to actually do them lol 😂
You should look at 5 minute crafts outdoor cooking hacks that you have to try.
Poor the banana and the plant :"> Is this a natural abuse no no im just kidding xD btw love you video  ann keep it up making good content
good thing we eat bananas even when it's already brown.  also, we have a lot of them...
The only thing I have against GMOs is that they are owned by monopolies (IE Soros) who have a lot of control over small farmers. I have no problem with the GMO food itself and think they could solve a lot of problems
There are many types of delicious Bananas without seeds and it taste better than cavendish. banana Musa acuminata aka. Señorita  Some of them hve no english translation Lakatan/Lacatan Latundan and Saba which can be cooked in many ways
You can make venigar with overiped bananas
This is very educational. I love Bananas and I Love HowtoCookThat
The fridge bananas were the most surprising ones. It looks edible aside from the brown skin.
Dave said "even monkeys peel bananas" 🤣😂
26:45
The work this woman is doing is colossal (in the best possibly imagined sense): she not only does killer research (kudos!) and comes up with down-to-earth "classes" in her videos; she is confronting the "farms" along with whoever and whatever may be behind them. She is like a lone hero trying her best for at least a few (ten-? hundred-?) thousands to see what YT and other platforms have become. All this without calling revolution or screaming death to capitalism. BRAVA!
Dave :- “Do we trust her?”  Me :- “Oh yes, more than anyone else on YouTube”
GMO isn’t  the evil of all evils.  Like all things it depends on the modification. Botanists have been modifying plants long before people understood what it was
YES CHOCOLATE BANANA°0° We always do them in camps on a campfire and it’s so awesome aaaaaah
I must have been watching this, when I fell asleep. Because I had a dream about a guy putting banana juice on his face, for health. But the guy in my dream, was spinning the banana in a mechanism, to get the juices to the tip (real dream) . Hmmmmm....  #1, .... not gay.  #2,  I don't believe in most "natural cure" videos. #3,  (I just made and ate  pop-tarts for the first time in 30 years.)
Plant abuuuuuse . Bad five minute crafts >:(
Cooked banana’s delicious what are u talking about
ive gotten so many bad sunburns and burn worse with sunscreen so i just dont go outside also how can you read a book in the sun just go inside
*No plants and fruits were harmed in the making of this vide...oh wait*
There are cuisines where people do & have been eating banana peels along with the banana. But we don't eat it raw (we cook it with other ingredients) & we don't eat the ripe ones peel. Just thought it's an interesting fact . They do have nutritional value. It's just a cultural thing. I guess it could be weird for others
I love watching these video until i remember i used to eat pancake with rice edit 1:word's
I dont know why Chanel like 5 minute craft still around
Do you see Banana Man?
I warned you about this some time ago - no shame for forgetting about that lol - but this video has been going around on my social media for some time and I'd love to see your take on it all.  WARNING - Extremely annoying audio, please mute it or your ears will bleed.  https://va.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_pb57qowicY1w4vglm.mp4  Features such marvellous highlights as: * No actual quantities of ingredients * Microwave action * Gives up on describing what things they're dipping stuff into or adding to the thing. in progress * WTF ingredients euw why would you eat that WHYYYY?
Ann: I’ll just get some rosemary from my garden Me: I’ll just get that one lonely flower from my very lonely garden
*People are afraid of what they don't understand.* Only those that don't have chemical knowledge are afraid of all "chemicals", even though we are literally made of them, when they really mean carcinogens. People that don't know how genetic modification works either, and will avoid GMO foods because they think it's inherently bad, but don't know why foods are being modified in the first place (like avoiding disease in the plants) or how many genetically modified foods they're actually eating on a weekly basis.  Knowledge is the only way to defeat ignorance induced fear.
I would be more then fine eating the genetically modified banana. Especially if one was bread to have the sugars ripen into pretty much any sugar other then fructose. I can't have more fructose so I have to eat fairly green bananas or really small portions of them.
The banana beads looked like they actually got darker. Love these videos. Awesome.
The banana with chocolate is actually called a Banana Boat.  We made them in Girl Scouts/Girl Guides.  When you cut the wedge, leave the peel attached.  Add in chocolate, marshmallows, or whatever you like.  Put the peel back in place, wrap it in aluminum foil, and put it at the edge of a campfire (or in a microwave) for a few minutes to let it all get melty and gooey.
I love how Ann says with a smile, "should you eat that? I don't know, let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try!" Poor Dave!
I have no issue with GMOs. I think a lot of the fear and apprehension around them comes from misinformation. If someone you trusted told you that GMO meant someone was taking frog DNA and implanting it into human embryos, you'd probably be upset, too. The best way to combat misinformation is with research, trust and patience. Once someone has been indoctrinated to believe that vaccines cause autism and hormonal birth control is turning the frogs gay, it takes a lot to undue that damage.
Stores near me always use plastic wrap on the tips, they better get smart and save money on plastic wrap.
14:10-ish: We used to make baked bananas a little like that at guide camp on the campfire (and we were told if you want to do it at home, bake them in the oven (about 10 mins). Only difference, we peeled the banana, did just one slit down it and pressed in chocolate buttons (and occasionally sprinkles), then wrapped it tight in tinfoil to bake. In all honesty, when I've been short on money, or feeling very nostalgic, I've made it since, but it's not the world's greatest dessert (a baked apple is way better).
Lucky me who live in Brazil, where a normal supermarket has at least 5 different types of bananas
Hi Ann, here is one life hacks by 5-minute crafts: https://youtu.be/n14Emy6pRyU its at 1:24. Best wishes!
In principle I have no problem with GMO food. Earlier methods to increase rate of mutation (used since the 1950s) use radiation to induce random mutations and then kept mutated varieties that had benefits. This is not labeled as GMO I think (citation needed). So, I personally prefer this more specific introduction of the specific gene into the plant. My only problem with GMO is when they introduce a gene to make it resistant to a specific pesticide so farmers can heavily spray them, or modify a plant such that it can't grow without fertilizers from a company. It is the pesticide and the ability of farmers to afford seeds/fertilizers I worry about, not the modified plant.
https://youtu.be/bLzl_AbZ1_c Ma'am I'm big fan of you please tell us explain this video
the banana in the mircowave with chocolate is almost right. You should put it in aluminiumfoil and put it "over" the fire for a outdoor dessert.
I want to say Aloe Vera shouldnt be left outside or it can get overvwatered, you should put it in like a sun room
the banana and chilli pepper is to make a banana pepper grow clearly
So yummy has a app?!?! I just now found out
Could you do more debunking videos of SoYummy cooking recipes and give them to Dave to try? His reviews are my favorite part of your videos.
Bananas are the most favourite fruit in the world! Apples: ._.
GMO is what we did since we existed. We modified Animals and plants by breeding/inbreeding and whatnot. That is the EXACT same just more "modern". People need to chill out and stop going after people growing it and focus their Time on actual Health issues
My mom would use the bag u put the bananas in at the grocery store and she would use that to wrap th bannas
You actually didn’t do the pulled pork one the right way (so didn’t 5MC). In order to make it, you have to use overripe bananas. Also, it would make it better to fry it in the oven for a little bit after frying it in the pan.
GMOs are good, we need more of them and less organic.
did anyone else get scared of the wild banana with huge seeds bc of the sudden pop up, music, and tryptophobia lol
Please debunk this video. https://youtu.be/spDDYBUMqwg
Anne I don't want this to be a Bad For Dave her every other video:dave taste my probably dangerous good
What a waste of good fruits
Can you please check the channel DaveHax next for this series? They showcased one of the banana hacks in this video, and ever since I've had distrust in some of their life hacks.
Ann could you do a house or a room tour? It's okay if your not fine with it but I would love to see your house, loved the video Ann 😍❤️
Hi, I have a video I am wondering is real or not( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eJop_nMTaf8
The plastic wrap works for me.🤷🏽‍♂️ Ive tried the fridge, hanging, wrap, just leaving them on the table, inside a plastic bag as well. I normally just wrap the tops or hang them. I dont like gmos. I prefer all natural. But idk if I could be without bananas. If this was really a natural issue they would evolve. But humans really do cause most of the issues.
In Brazil we wrap the bananas to ripe them faster not slower hahaha.
We started putting our bananas in a plastic bag a few years ago because my brother’s girlfriend (who was living with us) absolutely hated the smell when they were sitting out and we discovered that the bananas stayed ripe longer
Ok the account “so tasty” in a lot if there videos have a “yum up” logo in the bottom left corner
hi please debunk this big video i made it but it didnt taste at all correct like all her recipes that are 1 minute are fake that i tried https://www.youtube.com/user/emmasgoodies he yt is emmasgoodies try her 1 minute recipes please
This fake cook8ng is really dangerous, in polish Next Masterchef one guy tried to cook a suflet inside the orange... of course it was a huge failure, and is now out. Another victim 😔
https://youtu.be/3_GtH8JHbFo      can you debunk this video
This video is in serious need of debunking! Will you please take on the challenge?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-3Bf0pyjIGw
Around 16:00  Here you have archived versions of the documents: https://web.archive.org/web/20130126162517/http://kukr.lib.ku.ac.th/Fulltext_kukr/KU0296171c.pdf https://web.archive.org/web/20120711134343/http://www.curriculumsupport.education.nsw.gov.au/secondary/science/assets/aifst/Experiments/apple_browning.pdf https://web.archive.org/web/20130619015010/http://www.biologie.uni-hamburg.de/b-online/e31/31g.htm
the banana and chocolate thing is actually something people do for dessert! but like.. not at home maybe, but out while camping! I've done it at several camps and on hikes! but then you wrap it in tinfoil and put it by the fire. Some pair it with marshmallows as well!
Even monkeys peel banana -dave
We have been genetically modifying food for over 10000 years or more. Pretty much everything humans eat that doesn't just grow naturally in a forest (and even then it might have been genetically modified by humans long ago and re-entered wild ecosystems) is a GMO. Orange carrots are a GMO, Corn is a GMO, Wheat is a GMO, the Cavendish Banana is a GMO, pigs are GMO, sheep are GMO even dogs are GMO. Just because we've become more efficient and can now do it over the course of 2-3 years with high-tech laboratories doesn't make it any different than selectively breeding over multiple decades.
The banana uv beads look darker than the control!! Dangerous!!
Anti-GMO sentiment is idiotic fear mongering, if there were any issues we would have seen them years ago. The amount of safety testing it need for approval to market is so great that any GMO with a chance of having an issue would have been screened out anyways. GMO, unlike radiated or mutation bred crops need to be tested and labelled despite being safer as less DNA is changed and we know what the changes are, anyone who is against GMO need to pick up a secondary school (middle school) biology textbook
I can’t eat raw bananas. I’m allergic 🥺
My mom does wrap the top of the banana and it actually works i- 😞🤝
The banana with the large hard seed really triggers me i just want to see the seeds pulled out ahhhhh
She must have a lot of money because she’s just wasting food.
A channel that you should look at is 123go, I know you like making those videos so I think you would have some fun looking at the fake stuff they put in their channel!
Thanks by the universe, I hate Banana! ... and I'm proud of it. :-)
rip dave
I wonder if they cld just graft the good banana plants onto the wild banana roots, like they’ve done for all sorts of fruits. In the other fruits, it’s made them disease resistant, hardier, etc. Then the fungus couldn’t clog up the roots...? I’d love to learn more about this.   Thanks for your fascinating & fun vids!
Even monkeys peel bananas 😂😂😂
Am I the only person who doesn’t like bananas?
Insert comment about poor poor husband here, except it was actually okay for him this time.
13:54 that's greek
A banana video on a cooking channel during the Covid pandemic that doesn’t contain a recipe for banana bread
People deep-fry banana peels in Thailand, it's tasty
Most fruit is genetcly modafide
I'm noticing lot's of people not understanding the difference between selective breeding and GMO's. Selective breeding is taking traits that are already present in the population and making it so that the group you want to use all has that specific trait. GMO's on the other hand is taking that trait and inserting it into the genome of the individual. It should also be noted that they use traits that are only found in different species and insert this foreign trait into the organism.
Id like to point out a few things regarding the banana peels:  1- "meat alternatives" do not necessarily need to be high in protein when its serving as replacement in a dish like a burger there are many ways of getting your protein it doesn't need to serve in the exact position an animal product was. there are many ways of getting your protein needs met 2- banana peels are actually healthy. Banana peels are packed with polyphenols, carotenoids, and other antioxidants that fight cancer-causing free radicals in your body which is very different from labeling them as "non toxic" or something you'd eat if there isn't enough food.  3- banana peels are clearly texturally and structurally different from animal flesh so they should be cooked differently. you should know that and the way they were cooked in this video was horrible and that was made clear by just looking at the end product. obviously I wasn't expecting a culinary masterpiece from a 5 minutes crafts video but its should be pointed out that the issue here is the the recipe and cooking method rather than the use of banana peels in itself.  I get that non vegans can be unfamiliar with meat alternatives and their cooking methods but if you're going to talk about it, the least you can do is not be so condescending.
Hi Ann I have a simple but very yummy smoothie recipe I think you probably have made this before it's 2 cheekus, 2 kiwis and one banana maybe add some milk and some sugar oof it tastes so good I'm eating/drinking it right now
@24:05 therefore put the banana inside a plastic and place it in the fridge. :)
I love how informative you are. Thank you!
Love how you brought attention to something I didn’t even know at the end for us to be aware of
Thats a Lot of bananas
As a Botanist I saw that plant hack video and most of the time I was like “what” most of those could be done with less of the faffing around with bananas.
Ann, because you are such a wonderfully nice person and wouldn't say it on your channel, I will say it for you:  Anyone who believes any of those 5-Minute video channels information/facts are true, are complete idiots and morons.   Just had to get that off my chest.
Selective breeding is another form of  GMO. So I don't see why it's such a big deal. We've been doing it for thousands of years....
Is it just me or did the the banana pill beads get more intense color?
Even if covering the top of the banana did contain the gas, why would that prevent the bananas from going brown? The gas would still be in the banana. Surely it would make it ripen even faster.
Recently Cody's Lab did a video extracting potassium from bananas and discovered that the peels have roughly the same amount of potassium as the fruit, so that looks a reason to eat willingly the peels
I thought the banana we eat now where modified
Genetic modification is a technology, an instrument, which itself is neither good nor bad, I think. So using it in this case specifically, when it can help the survival of our beloved fruit, is definitely on the good side.
Does the small sunburn I got on my shoulders as a six-year-old count as a “bad sunburn?” (I’m really scared of stuff like that...)
Do people realize we have been changing our plants for centuries? The original banana looked much like the wild bananas here, but we bread the plants with the least seeds together enough that our new banana barley has seeds at all
Sunscreen is more important than people think. EVERYONE should wear it no matter where they are.
This is one of the most fascinating and educational videos I ever seen you posted! Thank you very much! I appreciate all the efforts and time you spent on researching this!
People often have no issue with selectively bred plants but as soon as it’s GM... If the bananas can prevent famine and protect livelihoods, those who take issue can just abstain from eating them.
i think those nails were HOLO 💿
I saw some of these and was very skeptical as bananas actually speed up the ripening (and subsequent rotting) or fruits and vegetables stored with them, let alone IN them.
I have an odd question concerning the Zombie Banana. If you put bananas in the fridge they turn black fairly quickly, while still being fine inside. Could this be the origin of the blow dryer hack? To me it seems plausible, but I am doubtful...
Poor Dave
today I brought a bunch of bananas from the supermarket, and the top was wrapped tightly in some kind of plastic wrap (opaque, definitely not regular cling film). Maybe the workers there watched 5 minute crafts?  also I just did a research paper for GMOs for my science class! so far I don't see why it's bad even though everyone says it's dangerous, but we'll just see... only time will tell I guess.
Ugh these banana trick really put me on the edge. If you don't want your banana to zombified quickly (idk i can't think of the right word rn) just hang it. Don't let the body of the banana touches any surface. It'll make them go bad faster.  And zombie banana aren't that bad why don't ppl eat that
“Ooh saucy baby” -Dave 2020
Back in the 90's I went to a teens group thing, too much to type, BUT, we made the bananas with chocolate.  Only difference was we used a flake, wrapped them in tinfoil and popped them into the oven.  It was a nice treat on a cold night in 'the cottage'..
ARE BANNANAS GOING EXTINCT!!?
13:53 i was actually shook that i heard greek i had to rewatch this
How to keep them fresh: peel them and put them in the freezer.
If you are curious, don't watch the video being debunked, just watch it from this channel. Giving them more views irritate me
The only 1 thing I can say is that there are a few different studies from USA and Canada that show bright colors are better than black for sun because white and bright colors actually reflect the rays while dark absorbs them. But iabsolutely love your videos I am absolutely addicted to learning truth over the lies
5 minute crafts is a bunch of bananas!! I don't understand why they haven't been banned or deleted. Great video Ann!!❤❤Love these debunking hacks videos!
My family makes a treat called banana boats when we go camping. Cut open the peel in the inside curve, stuff banana with chocolate and marshmallows, close peel and place banana near hot coals for a few minutes until the chocolate starts to melt and marshmallows go gooey. Eat with a spoon. Its delicious.
27:55 trypophobia warning
24:45 I can hear a bird calling in the background. Can you?
The bananas help the apple ripen faster, not the other way around.
I can't stand how many people freak over GMO.... People don't even understand what that means. ALL FOODS ARE GMO. EVERY SINGLE ONE. It merely means selective breeding to render a preferred crop/livestock. People have convinced themselves it means a petri dish, chemical based food and it just isn't the case. GMO is literally how evolution happens. I wish people would stop having a meltdown over things that aren't even an issue
My mum turns bananas that start to turn brown into banana pancakes
Ok the only good thing banana peel does for your skin is it remedies the shingles
That wild banana gave me the heebie geebies
Oh my lord. That banana peel “pulled pork” recipe looks SO gross!
That’s so crazy that they did that with the plants. The aloe is getting WAY too much moisture from the banana, and the monstera cutting didn’t have a node, so it couldn’t have grown in the first place. Lol
Love the video. Happy new year
Its 2021!
I like to peel the banana and place it in the freezer it lasts longer, you could stick a pop stick in it then can eat like an icecream only it wont be soft, but you can make a great smoothie with it. Nice on a hot day to cool you down.
We need ann reardon's University
Please come check out my page and subscribe too! I am a mom teaching people to cook for a large family on a budget! Covid showed me how much we eat out and how much cheaper and easier it is to eat at home!
Iam with gmo bananas because it solves the problem i usually like natural things but this kind of bananas are not harmful they just resist a disease
*One bad sunburn increasea your risk of melanoma* Me whose been sun burned on many occasions: looks like my free trial of living may end
https://youtu.be/W_FMlY8705U  Please debunk this one. ..
i hate bananas
I love Bananas! I don't care if it ends up GMO. It needs to be saved.
The process of transportation of bananas she told was not quite the way it happens in my country... Here 1.Fruits are plucked 2.Go to the wholesale market 3.Go to shops/vendors  4.Then reach us (The 3rd step might happen more than once)
I would where light clothing more than dark, dark clothing attracts sunlight
I love her accent
Can u see if tasty’s cooking baking recipes work? Thank u I really wanna try their recipes but don’t know if they work
27:23 I never got that. Just like how I never understood antivaxxers or the other ones.
Bananas as we know them are already genetically modified. Same with apples. And strawberries. And a lot of fruit.
Hi, Ann... I hope you read this before the year ends and watch the video "Top 10 Scrumdiddlyumptious Recipes of 2019" for future debunking. It is an absolute abomination, IMO. Have a blessed holiday season!  Thumbs up so Ann can see this.
She's got a lot of banana bread to make
RE: GMOs in food, I think I'd have to cut a lot of other things out of my diet before I had any right to worry about that.  RE: GMOs on the environment, I think the agriculture industry should probably worry about a lot of other things before they start in on that.  TBF, I know next to nothing about food science, agriculture, or environmental science. But same as Ann I live in Australia, where everywhere you look there's some invasive species messing things up. The difference between a banana plant and a genetically modified banana plant seems way less disruptive compared to what happened when they introduced foxes (for recreational hunting) in areas with no other predators that size.   GMOs in general seem actually pretty necessary to me. Just as a food supply thing, because human populations have become so massive, we really can't stand to lose any significant percentage of our agriculture. But Darwinism happens and all that, new diseases develop, old ones travel to new places, invasive species move in, and the agriculture which is supporting us gets messed up. I don't know much about it but I'm assuming selectively breeding plants is slow and has limited applications, which means you'd be looking at a pretty significant blip on the agricultural system that's supporting us. Genetic modifications are just a quicker way of patching holes. Even if GMOs did cause environmental issues, I don't know if most people would say that's worse than a significant food shortage. Which isn't to say that I condone sacrificing the environment for any reason, but the powers that be are probably going to make that decision and the percentage of the population that are willing boycott a product usually isn't significant enough to make them change their minds.  That's not a well-researched opinion though so I'd be interested to hear Ann's take on it, if she was keen to do a video.
These trolls are just trying to see what they can get simpletons to go along with. It seems deliberately malicious to me.
Do you have any opinions on Tastemade? I've been seeing a lot of their content around, and some of it seems a bit suspicious. E.g., on their 4-ingredient chocolate mousse recipe, the first step is to melt chocolate in a bowl with water. The video shows it mixing to a very smooth consistency after melting.
The fact thats shes willing to spend money to help millions is describes her kindness
Oh shoot! My grandma had one of those wild banana plants 😧😧 we always got confused when we saw them as the seeds were humongous and so we have them to cows but now I know that they are wild bananas
I love Dave. Lol
Anne seriously drops massive knowledge while debunking fake banana hacks
I don't know why but mid-way trough the video I started laughing every time she said banana.
Dave is objectively wrong about bananas with chocolate though, it's delish. Shame I can't eat bananas anymore..
Df
X
W
this whole video is questionable... 43 CRAZY COOKING HACKS on 5 min crafts for teens (they seem to like eggs....)
Someone with a science background needs to explain to her the whole vitamin D thing, hiding from the sun and slathering oneself with actual carcinogens is problematic when one grasps how the body functions, and how vital D is: how ignorant most modern people are of that fact, and how little they get of it in an age where people are terrified of the egg yolks and fish livers that bought their ancestors the great big brains made of cholesterol and fat we have today (and so many are incapable of using, other than as little parrots of the party line). Sun is life. Get you some. Burning is not synonymous with sun exposure. 🌄
5 minute crafts now have 70 M subs apparently...
Many of our plants are genetically modified already in that the healthier or better tasting or better growing ones were selected for over the centuries. One could even apply this to humans and animals as undesirable traits eventually bred out naturally or on purpose. What I'm opposed to is when they tinker with chemicals to make plants do something unnatural, such as not reproduce every year.
I  am completely in awe of the bead study.. -thank you for that!!! Amazing how you shed light on these crazy videos ....just FASCINATING!!!
I love zombie banana they taste so good they are so sweet and honestly better then yellow bananas
When you see a content farm video do not watch it, do not dislike it, do not like it. Any interaction with these videos get them more popular no matter if it’s negative or positive that will get them money we have to abandon them for them to stop!
I thought it was a standard camping treat to slice down a banana, put chocolate inside, wrap in foil and leave to bake on the hot bricks around the fire. This is the same basically as the microwave thing I guess. Probably nicer when camping because it is fun.
Also just put your nearly overripe banana in the freezer and use it for smoothies / nicecream
the banana peel tastes better if you let it in water + vinegar for 5 minutes before cooking it, then sauteeing it.
@16:00  In the states, not sure about everywhere else, why would you want to stop a banana from ripening anyways? They are not good when they are under-ripe and starchy.  They should be looking like the back of grandmas' hands (full of spots) then that is when they are good.  Plus bananas are so cheap and easy to store in the freezer if you have a couple that you won't get to in time.
I used to watch 5 minute crafts, and other channels like that, and I thought their stuff was real! Thank you for posting honest content, I appreciate it :)
This is why I like this channel - the fun of debunking nonsense, the information about things that are dangerous. knowledge on how things are made/ripened for commercial use and even discussion about serious concerns like panama disease. As for GMO's, I would like to sit the people who have "concerns" over them and ask them why they have concerns and what concerns they are. The scientific consensus on whether GMO's are safe to eat is about the same as the scientific consensus on whether human activity affects climate change. So safety is not an issue. One argument that can be made is that by creating GMO's we are altering the biodiversity of the planet and interfering with the natural process of evolution etc. However, GMO is not the first time we have done that. We alter biodiversity through farming and gardening as well. We also do it when we urbanize areas. Now sure, we should be wary of it and limit human activity and preserve biodiversity but there are bounds of reason to it. We cant just stop farming now, can we? Another way humans have altered biodiversity is through making hybrids throughout centuries. Now, GMO's are often not that different. There are other problems with GMO's like GMO's can self replicate so they are costlier for farmers to grow (not regarding bananas but other crops that need to be sown and reaped seasonally), some use a lot of fertilizer and massive amounts of water etc. And sure, we can start having  a conversation about that and whether those particular kinds of crop need to be grown to begin with. However, when we are talking about a pandemic wiping out an entire fruit which is a nutritional source and income source to millions of people around the world, using this kind of GMO is fine, IMO. Here it is functioning to preserve the species. So, I would like to hear what concerns people have regarding it.
0:08 TR4 about to end this man's career
please keep making debunking videos!!! the world desperately needs this content about how to test a hypothesis!!!
Bananas attract mosquitos too...
5:50 you can actually see the banana coated beads getting even darker than the control... these “hacks” are getting outta hand and this just proves it 😳
How do you keep a banana longer? Idk, but my mom just buys bananas that are still green and just leave them out, does this work?
um panama disease is so terrible i cant believe bananas have to go thru dat :/
you should take a look at craft factory season 3 episode 25 (on snapchat) they have a few cooking things that i wonder if they work ♥️♥️
The people against GMO are akin to conspiracy theorists.
So where I live, most gas pumps have screens that play video while you pump your gas. These  are usually just words of the day and pop culture news. However, to my horror, the other day a blossom video appeared on the screen and of course it was an obviously fake hack clip!
I have my cautions about gmo but if it's transferring one banana dna into another banana I don't really mind. More concerned with anyone trying to introduce non banana genes into my bananas.  I mean this is basically just dna therapy which is already proven to work with humans and we are far more complicated then banana
GMOs are the only way to feed the entire planet without causing mass damage to the environment. GMOs can be created to not need additional fertilizers, pesticides or fungicides. This saves a lot of resources from creation and stops run off.   GMOs also have higher yields, which is critical to feed the 10 billion people we will need to feed in a few decades
Hi, nice upload. keep it up. i'm still new in this, need support.
I peel and freeze the brown bananas for smoothies.
Actually there are a lot of other edible bananas that taste even better then the cavendish they just aren’t as easy to transport
Who knew bananas were so serious 🤔🤔
I've seen so many Nord VPN sponsors that I could have a lifetime free trial of it.
Hmm... What about this video? Can you check it whether it is fake or not Link: https://youtu.be/m0JP0QJGJms
The bananas with seeds made me very uncomfortable.
Doesn't dark colors attract sun rays??? Or did my teachers lie to me
I didn't realize this but when my bananas have black spots I still eat it it tastes.. like a banana
What a video, today I learnt something new about banana culture. Nice!
What about plantains?
I really enjoy these videos. I feel like I’ve actually learnt something and take knowledge away from it and it does start conversations. I watched it with my daughter and we spoke for ages about it and she’s only 8. Well done Ann - keep them coming!
soooo you can take a wild banana and plant it straight up for another banana tree? BRING ME THEM BANANAS!
Five minute hacks? More like Five minute deaths..
I don’t even like bananas but this was a really fun video to watch
I've had fried ash plantain peels all my life... I don't know what kind of nutrients it gives but it adds a nice texture to food and can be eaten just by itself as a yummy snack. We bake them in the oven now to cut down on the oil. Tastes just as good.
i dont get the hate towards gmos, most of the food we eat as we know it wouldnt be possible without breeding and human intervention
Actually, there is something called saba banana which originates in the Philippines which mostly used for cooking (even when ripe, the "meat" of the fruit is a bit tough, but exposing it to heat by means of boiling really softens it). While cooking it unripe is usually a common diet regime for people in the provinces, the cooked semi-ripe to ripe version of it is a common dessert favorite amongst Filipinos (ie. Banana-Q). I think Dave might like the cooked version of the ripe saba. Goes really well with chocolate, caramel and brown sugar, but it's good to eat on its own.
the bananas at all the shops near me come with the stem wrapped in plastic, U!S!A! DX
I'm from Honduras. My country was at some point the biggest banana producer in the world, and I'm surprised about how in deep your research is.  And you're right bananas are a sizeable part of the for this region's nutrition, not just in rural areas.   Maybe one day you can show people how to make green banana fried slices, they are delicious and very unknown for most people.
I'd be willing to try the new banana, if it improves the survival probability of a "endangered" plant, it's just jumpstarting evolution.
Look at how many people fall for the propaganda on TV nowadays. Not surprising people fall for the "zombie banana" trick
What the heck? Youtube just unsubscribed me for no reason. So glad I came back.
Is it me, or the cats at my house, or is there a cat meowing during this video?
And what banana qualifications do you have?
Wow I really didn't expect this content, it was too good....The research Ann does is just mind-blowing...I can confidently say that I learnt a lot about bananas in this video
https://www.facebook.com/buzzfeedtasty/videos/901812137292253/
I don't really care about GMO fungus resistant bananas. Banana is banana.
thank you for making my day with your videos ann, and dave thank you for being a excellent judge!
https://www.instagram.com/tv/CI9MqOSD8zB/?igshid=1s8zzntn3rh2b  Ann do these no mix cake mix recipes actually work? There’s so much space between butter pats 🤔
We have been GMOing plants for many many years. So many vegetables we love wouldnt exist. Including bananas in the ways we know them!
Ann does SO MUCH RESEARCH for these videos, dang! <3
While it probably wouldn't have worked anyway it seems that the monstera (?) sapling is lacking a node which is needed for it to be able to grow roots 🌱
You're amazing 😄
I really like your vedios.also... I've found a vedio from "so yammy"  where the first 2 hacks seems a fake to me.  https://youtu.be/v0ZCGJhWWWg
My mom covers the banana stem with tinfoil.
Bananas is my favourite berry, not including strawberries since it’s not a berry but still my favourite
I love how we click because we wanna see Ann and Dave test 5 minute crafts (which we get!) but also Ann and Dave always use the time go educate us on the dangers of misinformation!
wow I never knew how erasable pens worked
When she showed us the first thumbnail with the Aloe Vera, I was all “Oh, that is SO photoshopped.”
14:00  HOT FOOD Dave sit down to eat And the banana is a bit hot
I think if the genetic material is from the same species, it’s not really going to have an adverse affect on us or the subject. I just wonder at the reasoning of ‘because I can’. Scientists chopping and swapping genomes with...🤔erm🤔...maybe a banana and a sheep, or a goat with a crocodile. Many times they’d produce stuff that doesn’t work, but they managed to make glow in the dark bunnies...fook knows why! Who needs glowing floofs? I dunno, I think smart people can be horribly stupid sometimes, and vice versa. 🤷‍♀️ I do have to say though Anne, you’re looking amazing, hair is Luscious and thick! Also, I love your channel and I do love a good debunk!!! 🙌💖🙌💖🙌
Maybe the bananas are supposed to be the start of a weird penicillin experiment? 🤓
I've actually been looking for a forum to talk about this ~ thanks ann for bringing up VPNs and their effect on browsing.  I have been a very satisfied Nord VPN customer for several years now, but if you connect to amerikan servers and browse the web, youre going to run into the same 'speed-bump' again and again: recaptcha tests.  this is a direct consequence of the end of 'net-neutrality' in amerika, and a perfect example of what a biased internet looks like. when you access a page on the internet, the host server can tell if they are reading your home IP and seeing your actual personal info (for mining later) of if you are coming from a VPN IP, and they can't use that information for profit, so they force you to take a recaptcha test. (the claim is that the test is to test youre not a robot~ that's baloney. it's to force free labor from you or persuade you to turn off your VPN and let them have your real IP) so the amerikan net is biased towards non-private browsing, harassing VPN users with visual tests at every oppertunity
Can to do debunking videos from Tasty
10:31 - "even monkeys peel bananas" I HOWLED
The whole microwaving bananas isn't the best when they're still yellow and good, and when they turn brown it actually makes them better I think. Plus it makes them taste kind of like flambeed banana.
I don’t fully know why I just watch a full video about banana hacks at 1 in the morning when I’m allergic to bananas, but it was cool learning about the banana disease and how it’s being handled!
The fact that people even believe these in the first place definitely shows our schools are failing people.
I personally don't have much issue with the environmental effects of GMO's, as long as they've been researched to make sure that they won't negatively affect an ecosystem if seeds happen to take root outside of a farm. Most GMO's significantly reduce the use of chemicals in agriculture--I mostly just take issue with a) the GMO's that are specifically designed to be resistant to pesticides and herbicides rather than resistant to pests and weeds; and b) when the patent on a GMO seed is so tightly held that farmers have no choice but to become reliant on purchasing the seeds year after year from a company (lookin' at you, Monsanto).
Would love to see you debunk these: https://fb.watch/2qnfGFveao/
The plant ones feel like they just read that banana peels make good fertilizer and they just ran to the moon with it.
GMO? No, SCIENCE FOOD
Dont throw away good food- smother it in barbacue sauce
If it's just one gene that gets tried of fungus, I dont see the problem. It's not like it's a fish tomato or anything
I don’t like bananas and you can also eat potatoes to get potassium
isn't a banana a berry?
Holy shit Anne is the kind of friend you need when stalking your crush. That woman managed to track one of the biggest myths about bananas that has been going on for many years all over the world. About. Bananas.
Anyone thinks she should react to DaveHax channel?
I put my bananas in the fridge
Bannana Companys go brrr
So the best way to preserve bananas and their peels would be in a plastic bag in the fridge? Possibly with an apple?
Did you make some delicious banana bread after?
"100 billion bananas being eaten every year."  I have a sneaking suspicion that this is an inaccurate statistic based on sales numbers... And ignoring that 75% of all purchased bananas end up in the garbage.
i t hink that large seed banana gave me a new phobia
actually the chocolate in the banana is something we do in switzerland. We cut the banana open, put chocolate in, wrap it in tin foil and then put it in the fire. Then when the chocolate is melted you just take a spoon and eat everything out of the peel. we call it chocolate-banana.
i felt bad that dave got tricked into eating a bannanna peel until i had to hear his austin powers impression
Ann i really like your videos but this thumbnail is click bait
Re: GMO bananas (or anything). My problem in general is that most issues of crop- or plantation-destroying diseases are due to mono-cultivation. If crop rotation or multi-crop practices were used, the soil would be healthier and many of these issues wouldn't exist.  Furthermore, we don't know how these modifcations will affect things in 50 or so years, and it's just as likely another disease will arise. It feels like kicking the can down the road, treating the symptoms but not the underlying cause.
GMO all the food we eat as been cultivated over Centuries to our preference. What I don't prefer is how companies are holding seeds to ransom.
why the audio is so small??
Is it just me, but do the UV Beads with the Banana look Darker than the Non Treated ones??
They are really dragging out these videos now...
Someone give this woman a raise!!
Poor Dave. If he ever wants a divorce there's plenty of evidence of domestic abuse ;)
if people's concern really was going against nature, they must first boycott the cavendish banana itself, because its a hybrid, its no naturally occurring species. there just has been a lot of misinformation going around and a lack of awareness about how gmos work. the correct information is easily available and accessible but there's always a stigma around genetic engineering, even when it falls within the bounds of ethics. i believe everyone would view the concept of gmos at face value if they just even googled the basics.
Lmao the way you debunk various scientific misinformation and then refuse to debunk anti-GMO fear-mongering. Hhh disappointing.
There’s nothing inherently wrong with GMO crops. We’ve been genetically modifying food sources for thousands of years through selective breeding. The issue comes in when corporations patent a specific genetically modified crop and monopolize that crop. An example would be Monsanto monopolizing the canola industry by patenting their roundup ready canola plants.
The chocolate in the banana is lovely done a bbq
Onlyfans soon?
Cool nails!
those large seeds at the end somehow triggered my trypophobia... :'(
I'm happy that ann helped the plants
Benanan walks in
Interesting how so many people FALSELY believe misinformation...
Put chocolate buttons in banana and wrap in foil and put on campfire
About bananas and chocolate: that's one of the favorite recipe of french scouts (https://www.latoilescoute.net/banane-braisee-au-chocolat). We wrap the whole thing in tin foil and cook that under the embers during summer camp. And it is delicious at that moment : a nice summer evening, with friends around a campfire anything edible is delicious. Of course, it's also one of those things you avoid to eat at home, because out of context, it's not so good. Anyway, right now, chocolate bananas sounds very tempting (because it evokes so many nice memories).
GMO is just a shortcut for selective breeding, and honestly I'm all for it. rather than wait decades for those banana types to get combined we can have them now instead.
the banana with chocolate in it is actually a popular scout camp dessert here in norway. after putting the chocolate in you wrap the banana in tinfoil and put it in the coals of the bonfire for a few minutes. while i dislike banana myself and thus don't like that dessert, the other scouts genuinely enjoyed it and would make more if there was more chocolate and bananas left.
i work at a grocery store and i'm just realizing youre one of the customers that makes me go "holy shit, why does that lady need all those bananas?! i just put them out!" lmao
I love the way she says banana 🍌
No offense, but, umm, ok, Ann, you may or may not have been slightly evil in the beginning of the video.
I've told my parents and family about how GMO is not evil.
I really think GMO has gotten a bad reputation due mostly to misinformation.  People don't really understand it, we're not really educated about the process, so it seems really scary when people are screaming about "Franken-foods!"  But I think sugar is far more frightening an most GMO plants.
You should check out the way back machine for the dead Links - it has been saving and archiving the internet for years. It's not perfect but it often has pages that get deleted later
The one thing I'm sure about that bananas go bad faster if you separate them, In Poland we even have signs saying that bananas like to hug and you should keep them together so they won't be lonely
Thank you so much for bringing up Panama disease.
Dave: "Do we trust her? Has been a long year". 😂  But it has been a long year for all of us though. A **very** long year.
a plant eating their own kind? absurd!
chocolate bananas are the dogs bollocks <3 we always make em with the girl guides, cos theyre easy to prep and cook well on a fire
Personally i have no issues with GMOs, in most cases results are comparable to one you get with selective breeding but you get product much faster. That said since a lot of population do have an issue with it (which may or may not be warranted, its irrelevant for this discussion) i think that now that we know wild sort of banana thats resistant to disease theres an option to experiment with grafting it to our common banana. Obviously it would be more expensive to make grafted plantation then GMO one since each plant would have to be grafted while GMO plants can just be reproduced asexually but it does provide an option that is generally viewed as organic. Lastly i would like to add that similar issue happened when phylloxera parasite wiped out most European vineyards mid 19th century. That issue was solved by grafting European sorts of vines with resistant American ones, which is still done to this day.
Super interesting thanks so much Ann 🥰🙏🙏
Those wild bananas look like slugs
Lol. Surprised you don’t have a banana fridge for your family. What kind of parent are you?
Even monkeys peel bananas is the best possible reaction to that sandwich.
Is it just me, or did the little beads covered in banana change colors more intensely?
I freeze brown bananas and bake lots of things with them. No waste.
GMO's are a good step towards the future in my opinion: Making the fruits and vegetables that we like of today and making them bigger, better, and healthier just by editing a few genes! Humans have been technically doing GMO's forever, since we used to take the best of the best of crops and over the many years of human evolution and generations, we make the plant better due to breeding only the best of said plant. That's technically genetically modifying the plant to become bigger and better in the end,so why is GMO now a problem?
When will 5 minits craft stop wasting food
i dont care abt geneticly modified.if it ain't harmful i will eat it!! lOl
The UV beads with banana on them were darker than the beads with nothing on them lmao
I prefer eating green bananas lmao
that picture of the banana seeds will haunt ne
I have little sympathy for whole-cloth condemning of GMO. Through breeding, we've been modifying the genes of the plants we eat since agriculture began. All apple trees are effectively clones. Look the B. oleracea plant, from which Kale, Cabbage, Brussels sprouts, Broccoli and Cauliflower are all derived. Current technology merely allows us to genetically modify plants and animals much more precisely than every before, such as preserving the bananas people like but getting the gene that makes the resist this fungus. The alternative would be to find another grossly manipulated banana that would likely look and taste quite different and have different nutrients.  And yeah, I think the objection really falls flat when you consider that we've got 7 billion humans to feed.
Your a better reporter than most people on television.
I use to work at a grocery store and they would have the bunches stems wrapped in plastic this is because the bananas are cut fro the tree and they wrap the stems to slow the process of oxidation. However of you tear off a banana from  the bunch no amount of wrapping helps
does anyone else feel like these fake life hacks are just getting worse at this point? makes me wonder if they're just going for negative attention.
Let me go on record.  As a child of 14 I lived in Fl in the USA, and one Summer we had a Walk-a-thon for MD.  I signed up to walk, and stripped down to nothing but shorts.  Me and two high school girls I met at the first check in point (I was going to quit then, but the three of us decided to join up and make it to the second check point before quitting.  Turns out we finished the entire 26 miles.  We walked during the HIGH time for sun shine, and my skin was so burned that I was in pain for days (that was years before I discovered--after another severe sunburn--that aspirins will kill the pain of the sunburn better than anything else.  I peeled for days and before you know it after about a week I was fine.  Now, according to the 'reports' (as repeated here) I was no on the road to probable skin cancer.  As I alluded above since that day all those decades ago I have sustained a number of severe sunburns and nope, not skin cancer.  All I am saying is that perhaps there are people who do get skin cancer--and maybe they are just more vulnerable by their DNA--and it has nothing to do with the number of sunburns you get at younger ages.
IS YOUR FIRE ALARM BATTERY DYING  Oh no that natural banana is nightmare fuel.
This video claims you can make pie by pouring Sprite directly into a pie crust... Please debunk it.  https://www.facebook.com/108851860817517/posts/189472919422077/?app=fbl
Ok, so for that banana pic with the seeds, there should've been a trypophobia warning omgg. 27:50
Beeeyyn!! Benana Ben!! Banana Oh na na!🤣🤣
10 best banana recipes!
Your honesty is my favorite! I love that you care enough to tell us truth. Thank you
Thank you, Mrs. Reardon. I learn a lot from you. I wish you and your family the best in these dark times.
That was a fantastic, and informative video! Banana's are always my battle... I enjoy them, but not "everyday", and it's hard to buy one banana when you just feel like having one, or to add to a shake. I usually buy two at a time, and can still end up with them going in the trash. Of course after the big plan of making "banana bread" lol And I have a bunny to share my bananas with, but with so much sugar, she can only have a little bit, occasionally, like carrots. Funny, after all that, the best answer is; eat them while they're fresh! 🍌 And if the genetically modified banana offers the same benefits, farmers continued income, and food availability, I say... Why not? Christina & The Animal Love Fest 😽😽😽😽🐺🐰💋
I'm from the Philippines, where bananas and banana plantations are very abundant. My family does the hanging method to supposedly slow down the ripening process of the banana, so it was surprising to see that it wasn't as effective as I thought it would be.  I also just learned about the Panama disease and further web browsing made me learn that it has become a growing threat in banana plantations in my country. Its effect on the soil really is concerning, and I somehow fear this will be a major national issue in my country in the future.  Thanks for making this video. I learned a lot from this.
really enjoyed the video and it was very entertaining compared to some of the awful content you find on youtube. however when you were talking about the disease affecting bananas personally i would have mentioned how that there are a lot more types of bananas that are perfectly fine to eat and are often sweeter than Cavendish bananas. It's because the west is so conditioned to this one specific type of banana that this disease is so crippling to these huge banana plants in rural communities, South america has been hit so hard that the banana corporations have had to look to india for a a lot of there production. ps i loved the video
Make a banana cake.... problem fixed...
Anne! You can't have discussion with irrational people who believe GMOs will kill you! You can't inject science to dumb people! We love you and your videos!
All of the Cavendish bananas are all genetically identical. Each banana you buy in the store is the clone of the one next to it. So, technically, they are already genetically modified fruits
That's banana with the large seeds was a little freaky looking.
That's crazy, because the banana beads are darker then the control beads.
Could you look at a channel called Scrumdiddilyumtious? Their recipes look okay but if you could go over their stuff please!
whats wrong with GMO? its just speed-running evolution.
I'm loving watching this channel morph from baking videos to investigative journalism 😊 you rule!
Ok ok ok ok 13:42 So when I was a scout we used to do this at camp all the time, we call them Banana Boats. We used chocolate chips and mini marshmallows, we'd mash up the banana, scoop a little out, put the marshmallow and chocolate chips in, wrap them in tin foil and cook them in the fire pit for a bit before eating them. That, alongside smores and orange cake batter cooked inside an orange peel. I don't know why it was a thing, but we still make them to this day!
Pasti enak tuh
Ann: “Where on earth did they get this idea?!”  Them: Banana Boat is a brand of sunscreen so maybe regular bananas will do the same thing...?
Respect for NordVPN:📈📈📈📈📈📈📈📈
Found this channel during first lock down. I love it. All the videos you are really good and informative 😊
To sum up what is below, GMOs are fine, but our methods of mass homogeneous aggriculture are what make them dangerous. And they arent dangerous to us for consumption, because for the most part they are from other plants.  GMO's i feel are for the most part okay, the concern for GMO comes from the knowledge that foods that are modified are ones that have these built in resistances and people misunderstand that for meaning they produce their own pesticide/fungicides and there are concerns this will effect our health. To really be against GMO's i think more people should be doing adequate research rather than assuming the most likely subjective information they have heard as being true. I had to write a report about GMO's in college and for the most part while the process can seem really absurd, its usually taking naturally found gene's, not always from plants, but usually from familial species like with the bananas here in the video and have no actual repercussions in the realm of consumption. Another major issue people may have with GMO's comes from the fact that it is possible these modifications can then create super pests and super 'bugs' that are resistance to these modified plants, and could result in even worse crop die offs. We have a global culture of growing crops on a massive scale of all the same produce, and these massive spreads of land are what lead to pests and disease killing off crops very easily. GMOs being the solution are really only staving off the problem.
WASTED
The GMO industry has wiped out a lot of farmers in many countries. Until we change the politics around GMO and living patents, I will be against them.
If the purpose of a GMO is to save an entire species of fruit people rely on then it's a necessary thing if you ask me.
In Indonesia, people do grow bananas with hard rock seeds in them. These bananas are mainly harvested for their leaves since the leaves are firm and nice, but people won't just throw away these rock bananas either and just eat them anyways. It's edible but not a very pleasant experience. Not all of the bananas in Indonesia are like that, but just one type of them.
please keep making these videossss!
I love your research skills. You found the birth of a meme :D
13:43 That's what we call a Lazy Banana Boat. You need a campfire to do it right.
People who are anti GMO confuse and simultaneously amuse me. Like basically every single fruit we eat has been modified to be as full of flesh and little of seed as possible. Like have you seen the trypophobic nightmare that is a ~natural~ banana???
I just gotta point out one thing about the banana with chocolate in the microwave! I was a bit suprised that you reacted like it was insane haha. Here in sweden it's quite common you do that. Not that you put it in the microwave but when I was younger during the winter, we often put chocolate inside of banans and put them on a grill while we were making food on fieldtrips. It's a delicious snack. Tho you don't want to cook the banana, you just want to make it hot enough for the chocolate to start melting!
27:25 as long as I can eat the banana, I’m fine
that pic of bananas with seeds triggered my trypophobia... I don't like thinking about bananas with seeds.. it's like they have teeth.
4:25 if you have 5 minutes to sun dry a banana, either you go find your suncream, find a shade, or just quickly get done and move who does that... it's not gonna be comfortable in the face, wtf
can i just say thank you for making such amazing quality long videos like we dont deserve your content!!
hello ann I   really really really want you to test out this video because on the day of your next video it is my birthday here is the link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SJL41hRAB_E
LOVE YOUR VIDEOS ANNE! Please please consider making a video on ways to serve/dish up food that is pleasing to the eye??? Maybe some tips and tricks that restaurants may use? All our love from Mancheter, England.
Please make a clever never  https://www.facebook.com/MetDaanMakeup/videos/892402691500147/ video of this
I thought plastic and bananas were a euphemism for wearing a condom
I do not like bananas at all.  I only ever eat them if I am craving them and they must be just turning yellow and I like them cold out of the fridge.
Came for debunking and now im here to argue why GMO is good
Ah what I was looking for. Not just one, but three methods to get rotten 'nanas in my house!
put bananas in the refrigerator and you keep them good for like probably over a month or more. theyll go brown on the outside, but they are gonna be perfect and super sweet inside and its amazing!!! i found this by accident at my exs house where he had them and they were completely brown on the outside and i thought they were rotten but we opened them and it was perfect O_O
1st, I love your channel. 2nd, please debunk this video. Specifically the onion dye and other weird hacks like that 🙈 https://youtu.be/lMYloNREH7s
The leaf one didn't work because of the species you used. A split leaf philadendron is what the original video used and it does grow roots but you can also just put it in water and it will grow roots that way so the banana itself is pointless
I live in a tropical country (Brazil) and I found one of those wild banana when I was going to visit a waterfall. It's really weird how many seeds are there, and how we selectively breed to be seedless. I have mixed feelings with GMOs because they can solve various problems with plagues in the fields, but we get really dependant on the companies that make them.
The “wrapping banana theory,” honestly just tells me that humans are too stupid to use the internet.
Why in the world did they sit that Banana down on the bench and then rub it on their face!?
There was an experiment I used to love doing that involved placing a black and white photo negative on the skin of a banana. Then using a strong UV light I could develop the photo from the negative upon the banana skin. If done properly you got quite a good detailed photo on the skin but it only lasted for a few hours depending on how fast the banana ripened. Was a fun and interesting little project. Colour negatives didn't work so good.
Technically bananas are not actually a fruit! They are a type of Barry.
Gross imagine all the fruit flies doing these hacks.
I don't get why people are against GMOS.  .In the United States, labeling of genetically engineered foods is not required by the FDA.This is because there has been no significant difference found in nutrition or safety.
0:56 That photoshop skills
The packaging Dave thinks it’s plastic and maybe he doesn’t but it is
moral of the story: put them bastards in the fridge. Thank you for all the research and information!
Afterrnoon! I just realized I never subscribed to you before, but I watch you all the time. Fixed that. I recently found a video that you just need to react to before someone gets hurt... Jeeze some of these are crazy. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EU7WwKEWPpc
All the cavedish banana tree are basically clones, the reproduction of this tree is asexual so the fruit don't have seeds (or at least functionally seeds). This is why the panama disease is a real problem to all the bananas we eat. On the other hand, I am more concern about the chemicals used in GMO plantations rather than the GMO food.
The chocolate banana thing is a camping classic in north america. slice open a banana, stick some chocolate (and maybe marshmallows) in it, wrap it in foil and stick it in the fire.  A delicious dessert after some fire roasted hot dogs
@tanmaybhat
Something about seeing bananas with huge seeds in it just feels so viscerally wrong to me
There's other great edible banana species than the Cavendish and Gros Michel, the youtuber Thoughty2 made a video about them once. It is however true they're nothing like what we're used to, one of them actually tastes like vanilla and another one is blue instead of yellow. His conclusion is that we should diversify the types of banana we eat, just like there's a large variety of apples that we consume. On the topic of GMO, I'm not against them in the absolute, although I do want to stress that it is important to thoroughly test them before human consumption and I'm worried about the legal framework around copyrightable DNA.
In Sweden, we make hajkbanan (hike banana) which is basically what they did with the banana and chocolate in the microwave, but instead, we put the banana with chocolate inside and wrap it in foil and put it on a grill. This is delicious and nostalgic to me, also everything tastes amazing out in nature ;)
19:09 Try internetarchive.org (would do it myself, if I could read the URLs)
14:23 I don't like to eat them  then either ... that is as normal fruit. But they are great as a frozen treat (just the banana ... any maybe a little cream ... and nothing else, constantly stirred while being frozen) Or as a milkshake (again just ice-cold milk and banana).
9:45 Never ever use ready ground garlic powder. Due to the big surface it oxidizes really fast (within days after production) and looses its taste. If you don't want to use fresh one, use freeze-dried granulate* which then freshly ground (with a pepper mill) when you need it.   *= Like https://www.amazon.de/dp/B00A3NEC9Y/ (or https://www.amazon.com/dp/B01HZY8VUO/  or similar) Basically, they diced the garlic into small cubes before freeze drying it.
Wow ... this video is really quiet. I have really to crank up the volume to understand it.
You are not just debunking videos You are saving people from waste of time as well as money Also you are an admirable and precious woman💕.
Have you try king banana or pisang raja its like cavendish but the shape is more blocky.
Check out this channel Ann! They are heating a pan filled with marshmallow and it doesn't even pour out and turns out to be a perfect flower shaped which kinda wobbles !!  Debunk it !!!!! https://youtu.be/onB_P1z_6HE
People go bananas over bananas.
I'm so happy to see that the majority of commenters understand what GMOs are. When they first started being talked about in the media several years ago, it seemed like most people were needlessly scared of them without understanding what they actually were
GMO Good, Monsanto Bad
I don’t think bananas are a “favourite;” I think they’re “easiest.” Lol. They’re easily portable, easy to eat, and not messy. They’re no nectarine, though.
Sorry to say but isn't it white clothes that bounce the UV's? Not black because it absorbs the sun warmth.
WOW!
Hi Ann, is there any truth to the idea that drinking green tea can protect you from the coronavirus? I asked my friend who is a doctor and she said it appears to be true anecdotally but didn't know the food science behind it. And the moment she said "food science" I thought of you! Any insight?
Reply to my comment when it's January 2021
I ain't 'fraid of no GMO!  Especially if it can help keep crops like Cavendish bananas alive! :D Besides, isn't it AMAZING that God has blessed us with the technology to do these sorts of things? 😊 Why the bloody hell not use it?
If we have fan art or anything, where do we send that?
You answered my question about the wild banana before the video finished. Thanks. I think that information was the best part of the video. (not that the rest wasn't fun, of course)
OMG hahahah you got me with that zombie banana !! i was like OMG WITCHHH
this lady is amazing
How do 5 minute crafts still make those videos after being debunked numerous times?!
I just found this vid on my facebook app and saw some fake info or somethings I don't see the point of, also this was for 5-minute-crafts-family when one of the clips include vodka   https://fb.watch/2fIH5A3Fh9/
Is it true that leaving bananas near other fruit ripens the other fruit quicker? Ive heard it a lot
One time my mom accidentally hung the bananas in front of the heater and they went bad in like 2 days
I'm pretty sure the browning has nothing to do with ethylene but is actually a sign of the bananas oxydizing. Which explains why the ones in the bag didn't go brown, because they were subject to a lot less oxygen.
Ah yes, the classic trinity of page not found, page not found and page not found, but this time in german...
your videos are great...i really love them but know Ann i feel like watching and listening to a lecture and
Woah! I had no idea about the large seeds and other types of bananas. So I’ve researched GMO studies in the past  and I understand why some people like the ability to pull out the gene and put it in something else. But a “natural” way of changing one plant would be to breed the two together and hope to find the one that gets the best of both plants. Yes it takes longer but many like it cause it’s safer and possibly healthier. Plus farmers and plants have been doing that for years: Keeping the produce that grows better, tastes better, etc.
Error with banana in the glass, the plant they used, doesn't grow roots without growing point and in that video it looks more air root than that root what grow in soil or water
Dave: "even monkeys peel bananas" Looooool
Will there be a Gingerbread house video this year? 🤞🤞🤞🤞
I love your video's you wreck these people try the webspoon like to know if those recipe's are real or not
Can we all just give Dave a big shoutout for being the unspoken hero of this series?
please please make a video on how ti correctly melt and use caramel step i tried and tried but either it didnt set or brunt or setted to be sugar again😣😥
Heck if they brown you can make banana bread which is just as good. I'm really not a person that's bothered by genetically modifying stuff so if we can keep the plantations going by just modifying the plant. Let's do it! Genetically modify the shit out of it
at this point I thought the hack channel was done and gave up because she is so good at exposing people
I love bananas that go brown ! They're delicious 😋 I purposely leave em there to brown the peel to brown I mean, not the insides
"Did you know that just one bad sunburn while you're a child or a teenager can double your risk of melanoma as an adult?"  Me who had been badly sunburnt the majority of my summers as a child: oops
The banana with chocolate bits in it is a great dessert when you're out camping. We called them Banana Boats.
In regards to the genetically modified banana, i was always under the impression the Cavendish Banana was already genetically modified as original bananas were toxic.
Gmo good
My primary concern when it comes to GMOs is someone claiming ownership of a gene via patent. I'm a staunch anti private property person, and that includes intellectual property.  The genetically inserted pesticide stuff companies did when they first got the technology was ill-conceived and the consequences weren't properly thought out; but it also made the product unsellable leading to a massive loss, so I don't think we have to worry too much about monsanto repeating that mistake: but patenting the only way to prevent banana groves from dying out, and using that patent to establish a monopoly on the fruit resulting in more explotation of the people who grow them, higher prices in the store, and possible shortages?   Yeah, I could see monsanto doing that,... again.
Could you make a log cake since christmas is around the corner?
Me suscribo
Cooked banana with chocolate is really good! But not in the microwave. Do what they did in that vid but then wrap it in foil and bake in the oven or on the edge of a campfire till the banana goes all gooey and the chocolate fully melts into it. Soo nice!
A lot of arguments against GMO are really arguments against certain business practices. They then drag their misunderstanding of the science along with it.
there's this channel from here in brazil that i would really like yo uto watch, its called "a receitaria", the interesting thing about it is that, it uses that "tasty" format, but most recipes look solid, they do have some strange ones, but i have seen more good recipes that i know work, than recipes i have no idea. so i thought it would be interesting to see someone else's point of view on them.
All plants are "genetically modified", it doesn't mean anything. Do you mean "modified by humans"? Why would it be a problem? They still are plants like any other plants. All the plants you eat have already been modified, that's call "evolution".
you use good science, i really appreciate that, thank you for this.
I think in regards to GMO in Oz and other well-off countries we have the luxury of choice,  but for farmers here and around the world it's a livelihood. This has been done for drought resistant potatoes as well and I will always remember that for one family it allowed them to be self-sufficient and have an income.  I would be interested in seeing if they will  selectively breed the wild banana plant. These videos are always interesting and informative.
Can you share a Belgian chocolate recipe
the chili one could be a prank
The only true banana hack: everyone peels it wrong! Turn it upside down, squeeze the end gently, and the peel will FALL off the banana in three neat sections.
All food grown/raised by humans has been genetically modified... Probably at least half our produce wouldn't even exist as such without massive human intervention. Turkeys and chickens aren't meant to have such a large breast, cows aren't meant to be so big and (pardon the pun) beefy. We've been meddling since the first human figured out they could intentionally stimulate something to grow, and I don't see any reason we should stop now. Maybe we can get really creative and make potatoes a new superfood, so that when I get a craving for some fries I can feel really good about it!
Have you ever experienced foods like this I'm Cuisine of Sri Lanka
We really shouldn't have called it GMO to begin with, that just sounds sus. Plant breeding probably would have avoided scaring people.
You should start another channel with Greg all about common sense with monthly uploads debunking dumb internet stuff or something :D
I have zero issue with GMO crops.
We make cooked chocolate bananas on bonfires here they're a favourite 😍
Hey Ann. I'm a high school English teacher in the U.S., and I used one of your videos in my unit on Media Bias. My students really enjoyed your video, and we had a great discussion about disinformation and why companies would lie. Thank you for working so hard to fight disinformation and dangerous lies. I hope you and your family are doing well! :) ❤️
Feel like the zombie banana could also be him burning it in reverse
Lol the guy that has to taste everything haha. 🤣😂👌
Now I really want a banana
Wouldn’t it be better to just buy the right amount of bananas and eat them in a few days span instead of wasting a lot of plastic foil?
Hey Ann there are so many other edible varieties cultivated around Asia and they have a long shelf life as well, even in my home in Melbourne I have the three different varieties native to Asia... But I'm not sure why most of the farmers just stick with Cavendish.
I can smell the mushy banana from my screen
I wonder what Dave's Immune system is like now...
In regards to Panama disease: This is one of the consequences of monoculture. When all of the banana plants are clones, ie genetically identical to each other, one disease is going to affect all of your crop. You're not going to have plants that are naturally resistant to the disease, and the plant will not gain immunity.   I have an example for you. You may or may not be familiar with the plight of the Tasmanian Devil, and the cancer causing infectious disease that's spreading through their population. One of the outcomes of this issue was a population of devils that are naturally immune to DFTD (devil facial tumor disease). I learned about a case that applied to trees as well, but I can't remember it right now.  For more information, I recommend checking out the film Hungry for Profit (and why Dole isn't a good employer in the first place), and work by Vandana Shiva or watching the Deconstructing Supper film.  Also, it is wildly the opposite that there are no other banana cultivars that are edible or replace the cavendish. There are over 1,000 different banana cultivars that are consumed all around the world. Weird Explorer has documented several of them, and Miami Fruits sells variety packs so you can try them yourself.  A very real outcome of introducing the Goldfinger banana in first world countries is that we have it for another 50-100 years, and then a disease wipes out the population just as it did before. Arboreal disease that threatens extinction of a crop is not a unique problem specific to the Gros Michel, or the Cavendish. It's a consequence of monoculture and the current state of agribusiness. It could affect any monoculture crop that we currently have today, such as navels and tangerines.   The risk factors are still present with the Goldfinger, and that is why people are upset. You can see how it doesn't provide an adequate solution to the problem if the possibility still exists that we end up in the same scenario as before.
My request https://youtu.be/2K8abpyVzuQ
lifehack how to avoid overripe Bananas: eat them
If one bad sunburn as a child double your risk of melanoma as an adult there is a 100000000% chance I've currently got cancer :[
Homegirl did her BANANA RESEARCH YES MAAM!!!
The banana and chocolate one is one that I have done. Kind of... You cut open the banana like you did and put in chocolate and then wrap it in foil and grill it. It's really good. But I've never microwaved it.
You don't need stick a Banana to  a Monstera Deliciosa to grow aerial roots....
The way she's roasting those hacks is making me sooo satisfied😂
The cavendish banana is seedless so it is sterile. Because of that, all the trees in a plantation will be clones with the same genetic material (obtained through cuttings of a mother plant). It's due to this lack of genetic diversity that fungal diseases can spread so fast and be so deadly. Using GMOs might save the cavendish from that disease... until it doesn't anymore. Or until another fungus comes along... I fear that using GMOs is a short term fix for a larger problem. What the banana world needs right now is more genetic diversity (so more varieties of banana produced) and probably the end of big monoculture plantations.  Also, caramelised bananas and melted chocolate are delicious together! You slice the banana open, stick a bar of good dark swiss chocolate in it, wrap in alu foil, throw it in a fire, wait a bit and enjoy a great dessert for your outdoor picnic!
I hope Ann makes up for Daves suffering by giving him something good to eat LOOOOOOL.
Note: type of banana may make a difference in regard to the plant use. As in using organic then bananas that have been gassed to ripen.
Now this makes me remember the banana that I ate before, it has seeds but not many, it's countable by one hand. Makes me wonder why I haven't encountered/eaten it for years now.
Now this makes me remember the banana that I ate before, it has seeds but not many, it's countable by one hand. Makes me wonder why I haven't encountered/eaten it for years now.
All that travel and I have still found banana spiders in bunches of bananas that's insane. How can a spider survive all that lol.
hey you stop debunking some videos i will report you in youtube owner
Dave: "don't trust her." Hehehe
Depending on your definition of GMO, all bananas are genetically modified anyway, just more organically.
Ann please, stop the nonsense about protein already. Protein is in various amounts in ALL foods and if you eat enough calories from a varied diet, you will ALWAYS get enough of it. Even if you ate potato peels all week long but you ate it with bun, veggies, vegan mayo, fries, then had lentil soup for dinner with slice of crusty sourdough, breakfast bowl of oatmeal and berries, you would STILL get enough protein! Enough already people, protein is NOTHING but a group of 22 amino acids, 9 of which body cannot synthetize so we get them from food. And the fun part is that EVERY SINGLE AMINO ACID is made by ..... wait for it.... wait for it.....P-L-A-N-T-S!
My housemate thinks I’m mad but I’ve always kept my bananas in the fridge for them to last longer. Always good for smoothies
Can you please make a video on GMOs from a scientific perspective? I was fooled by unscientific anti-GMO fearmongering for years. Germans are very good at having angst... I can understand you don't want to touch this subject too much, but the truth needs to be spread. How is GMO different to what has happened for thousands of years? Now it's just in a lab and more controlled. Only problem imo is patenting GMO seeds, that's just evil. It should be all Public Domain.
Ever eaten a watermelon? Cabbage? Broccoli? All technically gmos through selective cross pollination by farmers for centuries. Gmo doesn't always mean bad chemicals. Just research what you are comfortable consuming.
This video is so important. These terrible "life hack" videos should be avoided at all costs.
You're missing out on Vitamin D with artificial sunblock. Anything will taste ok with a lot of salt, sugar and glutamate.
aw I was hoping you might mention that the loss of the gros michel banana as the main banana crop is the reason "banana flavored" candy tastes so weird to most people who were not alive before the 1950s. that's actually the context I originally learned about panama disease from. most banana candy flavoring is still today based on the banana flavoring that was created when gros michel bananas were still the main banana, and is meant to replicate them, more so than the cavendish! gros michel bananas have a higher concentration of whatever flavoring thing the candy flavors use, so that is what makes it taste different.  it's mentioned really briefly, but the gros michel isn't COMPLETELY gone from the world, it's just not able to be grown on such a large scale anymore for it to be exported all over the world in the way it used to be, or in the way the cavendish is. from what I understand if you are actually IN the places that can still grow it you might be able to get one, but it's nearly impossible to find them anywhere else.
When I hear gmo I think completely man made in a lab. Such things as gmo meat or imitation food is what I would consider gmo. Now if breeding 2 different kinds of fruits, vegetables, animals, etc to yield a bigger or more resilient food than I wouldn’t really consider it gmo. Basically anything that doesn’t naturally occur in nature can be classified as gmo. If you breed 2 chickens to make a bigger chicken, not really gmo. If you pump a small chicken full of gh and other things to make it bigger, definitely gmo. Either way I still think home grown or locally sourced is the best option
In Indonesia we eat the heart of banana where some people really enjoy it ( i dont like it) , but this is the first time i saw someone actually eat the peel 😱😱
I cracked the code on how to see if they are fake or not. 1. No exact measurements or no place to find measurements 2. No exact time in the oven 3. No exact temp for the oven 4. Stupid ingredients for baking 5. Doesnt look promising just by logic.
A banan is a berry.. called a fruit, but botanically a berry.
So I read an article on the FOOD NETWORK!!! that said if you wrapped the ends of bananas, it would make them last longer.  I tried my own test with similar results to you. Now, peeling a banana, cut in half in center, put on 2 sticks like a suckered and freeze, makes a tasty snack.  Probably cutting them into bite-sized chunks and dipping them in tempered chocolate for a hard shell would be a good treat too, but probably not frozen, unless you ate it frozen also.  You would have to eat it right away.
This video is sponsored by Bananas🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌
I love bananas they’re the best if your tummy is being off
Thank you so much Ann You have really inspired me I’ve bought a kids cook book for my self and me and my family never EVER cook and now I’ve explored Yogurt flavors using Greek yogurt and now I’m making Taco cups XD my grandmother made desserts and my other grandmother made more on the sweet and savory side she had a farm and I’m really happy about exploring the cooking side of my life 🙂
I feel many who are against GMOs are fearful of what they don't fully understand. I'm not saying they are dumb, I just think it's easier to say something is bad when it involves human intervention. In addition, many people equate GMOs with chemicals, which is not the case. It's just cross-breeding... like what people do with dogs when they like certain features of certain dogs. Now, that has resulted in some dogs being more predisposed to certain issues, but they don't become radioactive, chemical laden entities. It's just a new breed. And you bring up exactly why GMOs are important (and necessary in some cases) as the number of people in this world make it nearly impossible to maintain adequate food supply without some sort of intervention. There are so many foods we wouldn't have without GMOs, and so many more people who would be without food. Still, they should be regulated as many do use GMOs to profit off of farmers and things like that, but they do not pose physical harm. We've been genetically modifying food since the first farms were made.
I, unfortunately can't eat raw bananas, they make my mouth and throat itch, cooked bananas are fine tho
Apple bananas are the best. In my opinion the rest of the world shouldnt be eating blood bananas. Eat whats in season for your climate/area. Thanks for coming to my TED talk.
I try to avoid ingesting the Monsanto GMO foods that are currently on the market, but to me, saving bananas in this way is a great use of the genetic modification technique! I may be a rather unusual consumer in that I have no problem with the concept of genetic modification of plants, I just think some specific common uses are concerning.
Green bananas are great for cooking! Many in the Caribbean use it.
I could be totally incorrect but I was under the impression that the bananas we eat have been modified via selective breading so they don't produce seeds, I know thats eugenics not GM and as said, I could be completely wrong.
I don't particularly like bananas. I only eat them because they don't require a knife to cut them and they are easy to eat. My favorite fruit is papaya. 😋
I know this has been debunked, but I found this article online which may help explain why they believed that banana peels protect against UV light:  https://wildaboutbeauty.com/after-reading-this-you-will-never-throw-banana-peels-anymore/
6:00 I like how the ones with the banana are actually darker than the control.
27:54 The salvation of bananas as we know them.
i buy green bananas and keep them in the produce bag. they always brown fast the way i like them. the skin will be almost black and the banana is the sweetness i like and unbruised. but everyone likes their bananas different.
We have been making GMOs for thousands of years, so a lab created one would be more accurate and effective than the old way of doing it.
Id be really interested to see you test the beads with different sunscreen brands and spf ratings. I know its not cake. But still, I'd love to see it haha
Bring me all the gmo because science.
Those cavendish bananas are export variety in this tropical island of mine.  But among the different varieties found here, the best and sweetest kinds are the ugly ones. Cavendish looking bananas are only good for display.  They may be tasty but not the best.
I was watching the video, and I just see a random shot of an octopus lol. My volume was low, so i was left with absolutely no context to that clip. Really good video though! I look forward to more in the future :)
well shit, if I did my math correctly my odds of getting melanoma have been doubled a little over 20 times.
❤️ GMO bananas
24:30 sounds like a laser going off in the background
Hi Ann. This is an amazing video, as banana is my favourite fruit. I also wanted to ask if you can do a video on how to make cocoa bombs. Saw it somewhere, but would love to see your take on it, as your recipes are really genuine. Thanks for such amazing content.
GMOs good, Monsanto bad
Thank you for the cool facts! Never knew bananas could be so interesting ahahaha. Also about Genetically modified food being a good thing, I mean I always knew it wasn't harmful or any nonsense like that, but the fact that modifying it is saving it from going extinct!! #themoreyouknow
The Cavendish banana is already genetically modified. It originally had the same large, hard seeds that wild bananas do, but was gradually bred to be seedless for human consumption. It is no longer able to reproduce on its own, requiring humans to make a cutting, grow the plant, and induce it to produce fruit. Considering the sheer number of changes humans have put this banana strain through to optimize it for ourselves, it seems kind of silly to balk at a simple horizontal gene transfer that prevents fungal infestation. Plants share genes between strains all the time, so it isn't nearly as detrimental as the mass sterilization we already did.
Vananas taste way better when brown. Yellow bananas are like eating flavorless mush.
comment 4 suport so much investigation!!!
Genetic engineering is realistically the only way for commercial crops to survive climate change.
*writes I love you* “Awww :)” *erases it* “Awww :(“
Banana is totally not my favorite fruit. Just the view of a rotting banana in this vidéo disgust me.
I actually do not care for bananas but I have a banana bundt cake recipe that uses about 5 super ripe bananas. The riper the better.
9:00 My dad and me don't like BBQ sauce because it's so sweet. When I was a kid he would always call BBQ sauce, "Meat Syrup"
I genuinely cannot understand why people enjoy bananas. They smell like the sickly sweet odor that comes from a dead body and taste like expired baby food
Dave is the hero we don't deserve, truly a great & brave man.
The chocolate chips in the banana we used to make while camping.  We call them "banana boats" and usually we add marshmallows along with the chocolate chips into the banana, then wrap the banana in foil and place them in the campfire to get all melted.  We loved them, but not sure they would taste the same from a microwave.
Oh that banana with massive seeds reminds me of a toddlers skull with all its teeth.... Very very unnerving!
GMO is only a bad thing if the modified genes can be somehow passed over to wild crops or if the company who produced the gmo plants becomes the monopole for the new gmo organism. The last one makes farmers dependent on the company. Farmers should always be free to propagate their own crop!
To keep the bananas fresh a bit longer I just separate all the bananas instead of having all the steams connected
this whole time i thought dark colors would attract light and hurt your skin and lighter colors would reflect and protect your skin
Great video, but I would recommend you read Tom Scott's video on VPNs
Wow , I learned quite a lot
The cooked banana with chocolate was actually a snack we made for kids at afterschool care! They loved it! We cooked them in the oven though, not the microwave
Love your channel! Really think a mic upgrade would be good - you always sound far off and tinny 🙏🏻
I'm not arguing against GMO but there are actually several edible varieties of banana other than cavendish. They taste different from cavendish (some even sweeter and honey-like) but can be eaten as they are with no seeds. There are also some other varieties that aren't suitable for raw consumption but can be cooked into edible and tasty foods such as flour-coated fried banana. Some of these types are really starchy and still have seeds which are why they aren't suitable for raw consumption.  Source: I'm Indonesian. Bananas grow everywhere here, including my backyard, and even most of the wild ones in the towns and villages can be eaten raw (after they are ripe).
Saw this today - https://www.instagram.com/p/CIcvCEanN0O/?igshid=1gctdwit0eylu - they r making sweet potato crisps in a microwave and didn't think this would work
The banana coated beads actually look darker than the original  ones
For me the GMO debate is akin to the Nuclear debate, which is, it all depends on how you use it. GMO used in a good way (like the example in this video) is great. Even most of our so-called normal crops have been modified, take for an example wheat, barley and so on, these are just grass that has been selectively bread by humans over thousands of years, but with todays technology, we can "GMO" it, so that it doesn't take thousands of years.
Debunking the liars, with a fun side of science
Farmers have been genetically modifying crops for centuries, if not millenia. What's there to be against?
Quick tip Invest in a mic 🎤  It makes a difference
Simply benlogical has entered the chat
I would rather have a genetically modified banana than no banana's at all, im glad they managed to find a "cure" for this panama disease/fungus
The bananas we eat have been selectively bread to not have seeds. The original also had huge seeds like the ones showed at the end of the video. But if humans want something, they manipulate it to become what they want. The bananas went through the same as wolfs. Difference is that the latter became man's best friend and the first became man's favorite fruit.
I work with a synthetic biology competition team, and our project this year was actually genetically modifying potato plants to be resistant to a different strain of Fusarium! It was super cool to hear about the work that was being done for bananas, I wonder what the actual methodology he was using is.
Dave: Even monkeys peel bananas. 🙈  Thank for your sacrifice Dave. 😂
Please debunk 5 min crafts Waffle iron
There's a company called Miami Fruit that sells a bunch of exotic banana cultivars on pre-order, including the Gros Michele. Painfully pricey, and undoubtedly there would be problems with scaling up to mass production, but they do seem to exist. Might be video worthy if you can swing a deal with them!  https://miamifruit.org/collections/banana-pre-orders https://miamifruit.org/products/banana-variety-box
Loved loved loved all of the info. You rock!
That's a forward slash, love.
The easiest way to keep bananas from going bad is to put them in your fridge. Buy them when they are a bit green and they will stay good in the fridge for a couple of weeks.
When I was in 5th grade we learned about the banana industry I have no idea why I am not joking
I thought the zombie banana was done by reversing the video! I thought the heat made it go bad so playing it in reverse made it look like it was turning good.  I also thought the banana with the stim in water would work somewhat because it would be like putting flowers in water.   Also why am I so invested when I don't even eat bananas? (The answer is for Ann obviously.)
Honestly, wouldn't be surprised if the roots were just strings covered in banana. Great video! Love your scientific approach!
I thought you can just use old bananas to make it banana muffins or banana fritters or even you can make cokodok ( well, I'm not sure what it is called in English but it is like you mashed the bananas and add a few ingredients and fry them) my mom also make cokodok from old bananas maybe you can search it up about cekodok but just saying that you can still eat the "zombie bananas" but not raw probably most people overlook this I mean why lie about preserving bananas using plastic when there are ways to cook old bananas and they still taste quite good 😋 IDK but I would like to hear everyone's opinion
I think the Aloe roots on the 5 min crafts vid were real,  but they're not healthy roots. They're "water roots" which are prone to rotting and aren't healthy growth at all. The roots grown on your Aloe in soil are the healthy roots you want on an Aloe.
Yo, Reardon! What up!? Yo, heard a rumor that yo' head game is strong af! Thats whats up! Keep it up, girl!
gmo between the same would be fine with me, but when you put veg genes in animals or animal genes into plants or something completely made up is a big no to me. gmo so you can use roundup is a straight up sin and a crime against nature. F monsanto and their death dealing plants
Thank you, Ma'am, for always giving us CORRECT information.
MS Reardon did you know that if you have had a heat stroke or heat exhaustion that you are more susceptible to have another with less exposure?-------DARK CLOTHES AKKKK. USE SUNSCREEN AND SAVE YOURSELF FROM HEAT STROKE AND HEAT EXHAUSTION.
With the uv beads the ones coated in banana peel glowed brighter than the control group! Banana definitely doesn't protect from sunburn 😬
GMO's are literally how corn was made right?? if my options are to eat a boba infused wilderness fruit or a gmo banana i feel like that's a no brainer LOL
5-mintue crafts is garbage , i could have predicted how this stuff would "grow"  only things that grew was mold and bacteria.  people crying against GMO foods , are uneducated morons.
The fridge trick doesn’t work for us. They look fine on the inside, but when you eat them, there is a chewy, stringy texture change that happens with the seeds. Neither of us likes the taste, we’d rather let the, overripe rather than eat them from the refrigerator.
I wasn’t ready for the banana lesson !
The Bananas we know of today are already mutants that we have specifically bred for specific genes a long time ago. this is no different just we get to pick the genes the new banana has directly instead of hoping you get what you want when you breed them. The world government needs to stop patents on GMO seeds though because the legal fiasco is the real problem with them. Can you imagine this with other things? Someone comes and takes away a litter of puppies because their breed is patented and you made illegal copies of their dog. madness
*cooks something that can can potential kill her*  *gives it to dave*  Call 1-800-328-3264 to stop this madness
channels and videos should be banned that take advantage of youtube to make money.  Especially if it's false, fake, and wrong informationl.
dave is the real hero here
Oh these are great, It's funny to see because, I've been around the internet my whole life which is longer than the internet.  I see some dumb stuff, and these scams are funny.
Aren't bananas one of those foods that are already heavily modified? Also there's nothing wrong with GMO's tons of things in nature are modified even if it's not done by humans, butterflies for example get genetically modified by wasps.
13:45 - that's like an indoor version of a campfire treat we called "Banana Boats". Just pull down the inner peel, leaving it attached at the bottom. Make slits along the length & poke in chocolate chips or a broken bar & mini marshmallows. Some of my girl scouts liked to smear peanut butter on all that. Cover with the peel flap, wrap in foil and bake in the coals of your campfire for about 10 minutes. It's an upscale s'more.
I love your honest channel!
Those who are anti-GMO are ridiculous...
Thank you for educating  me im born and bred Australian  from Perth Western Australia I did not knoe about what to were in the sun
Ways to make a over ripe banana perfectly ripe:  Paint it yellow with a random shady paint. OR Put a good banana in soil video tape it rotting, then play it back in reverse!!!!!   Now you have good bananas!
Hi Ann I found this video. I'm sure they're all fake https://youtu.be/Ab1m8zGZQug maybe worth a debunk.
Ben from Simplynailogical: Finally some good f*cking content
I love this woman
Actually when I was a scout we filled banana with chocolatte and wrapped it with foil and warmed it over the fire and we all loved it :D
I hear something squeaking in the background near the end of the video... do you have a pet?
You look gorgeos as always! How do you keep your hair so long and still curly? I wish my curls wouldn't get so flat when my hair is longer...
That picture of the inedible seedy bananas makes my skin crawl
If you have overly ripe banana...but not rot...you can have banana fritter with it.  Cut up the banana, add flour, a little bit of salt, baking soda, milk, sugar and honey. The texture should be heavy. Like pancake batter but a little heavy.  Deep fried them in hot oil with small fire.  It will take a while. And if it started to look like its burnt, don't worry it is supposed to be a little dark brown/black. The sugar in banana and the batter will start caramelized and turn darker.  The outside texture will be crunchy and sweet. The inside will be very soft.  ... Or you can browse any video that tittled "pisang goreng madu" This recipe works better with overly ripe banana as they contain a lot of sugar in them that will caramelized as thet fried. And that'll help to get the sweet crunchy texture on the outside.
You should try making hot cocoa bombs!  Love you ❤️
Love watching your debunk videos and hopefully by now everyone knows the 5 min hack type videos are bull. Dangerously so.  As for GMO, I am not against it at all. I can’t imagine not having access to food and anything that helps FEED PEOPLE is a good thing. And let’s not forget much of what we currently eat is NOTHING like what it originally was...because of science. No disrespect, but  many need to check their privilege, please.
As a biology student I see nothing wrong with genetically modified food crops. It's basically just taking breeding methods that humans used for thousands of years and doing that in a lab on a tiny, percise scale. I think creating pest and disease restistant food crops is much better than spraying them with tons of herbicides and pesticides that can wipe out entire species of plants that may be weeds for us but are important for that complex ecosystem, the same with insects which messes with the entire food chain in that region. If you´re interested in the topic of gmo especially in providing the majority of nutrition for entire populations then look up the 'Golden Rice Project'!
I don't think people understand that 90% of our food is genetically modified 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️
Most “wild” things are not edible if you track down the true source. For example a lot of berries, pomes (like apples) and ground fruit that we consume normally now, are pretty deadly in the wild. Without GMOs, we’re left with a pretty slim choice of things to eat. And with humans constantly changing the environment, GMOs have become almost a staple in production. But again, it all starts with us :)
Fake channels like Five Minute Crafts doesn't care about resources or people, they only care about the money. Not caring about anything else but money is a major issue in our world, and it has to stop.
Isn't like... most everything GMO? Lmfao, its such a useless buzzword, sick of the nonsense and ignorance tbh.
Bananas are know to produce high levels of ethylene glycol which causes ripening and rotting. That’s why bananas ripen  quicker in a bag because it traps that chemical. so.... why did they do this lol
Also, why aren't they giving that resistance gene to the gros michel, which still exists?
Huh. I always knew bananas were picked while still green, but I had no idea they were "pre-ripened" like that! That's so cool!
There must be a lot! B/c wow!!! This video is almost 30 minutes 😅
If you heat up a banana, it goes black, like if you put it in the oven to ripen faster. So I thought they just took a nice banana, blasted it with a hairdryer till it went black, then reversed the video.
Taking a gene from a banana and putting it into an other banana is okay in my book. What's also okay in my book is that's it's not a GMO made to allow the crops to be drenched into devastating pesticides.
the only problem I have with GMOs is anyone patenting them
People misunderstand a lot of things including GMO. There is nothing wrong with GMO foods - we have been genetically breeding plants for many years. What you are eating today as corn or watermelon or carrot is not what wild plants look like. Look up what carrot looked like before we bred it to look the way it does today if you are curious.  If you want to take GMO entirely out of your diet - stop eating most of the vegetables present in today's grocery stores because they are all genetically modified. Even if the label says non-GMO - cross breeding plants is genetic modification. Issue with GMO could be corporations forcing farmers to purchase their patented cultivars like in this case with banana industry which not all farmers can afford. So a better way to say this would be - support your local farmers vs "I only buy non GMO" or "GMO vegetables/fruits are bad for you"- that is just not making any sense at all.
Ann, would you consider making an actual banana peel recipe?  Readers, please like if you think so too.
Here is what they tried to do with monstera leaf (poor monstera lol).... They took a cutting of monstera with a node and stuck it into a humid banana. 1. Banana itself has to decompose for a plant to actually be able to absorb nutrients. 2. Leaf tissue does not absorb nutrients in monstera, air and ground roots do.  3. Monstera are tropical species and like humidity in general and to propagate in.... So, what they were lucky that monstera did anything and did not rot. They probably took a node with a leaf that had a beginings of the aerial root growth. Therefore that node attempted to survive by shooting the aerial root. Reason why your experiment failed is - your leaf did not have a node. However, hehe, chances it would have worked are about 50/50, banana is only a hinderance here to propagation, not a hack or contributor to success by any means. I am so tired of these channels spreading misinformation at large - it is at the worst dangerous and at the least just plain misinformation causing folks to stick things into bananas that dont belong there... lol.
Why are people against GMOs?? We artificially synthesize so many things, plastics and medicines and so many every-day items are entirely made by man. Human beings have always done things to control crops. I have never once heard a sound argument against eating GMOs. Even the term "GMO" has only a loosely agreed upon definition; a genetically modified organism. Pugs are genetically modified organisms, so is every single ear of corn you've ever seen. Even if an ear of corn says it's "Non-GMO Verified". Those little tags are more of a marketing scheme than an honest effort to inform the masses. Modern day corn has been selectively bred for so long that we wouldn't even recognize what it used to be.  When a farmer cross breeds two plants by hand he's hoping to get the genetic result he wants. When a genetic engineer sees a certain disease ruining people's livelihoods- he has the ability to cross breed with precision, and we generalize his lab techniques down to "Genetic Engineering" and suddenly everyone's afraid of it? What are the dangers? Can someone please explain to me why so many are turning away in disgust at some of the most amazing scientific leaps that could end world hunger?
I did not know UV beads were a thing before this video. That was, quite possibly, the coolest experiment I've seen you do :)
As I understand it, all of our cavendish bananas are genetically identical clones. They already only exist by human intervention. I don't see why GMO bananas are any creepier (or dangerous) than that. I'd eat a GMO banana, unless someone provides evidence that it isn't safe for me to eat.
GMO is just a hyper-speed timelapse of selective breeding. Instead of cross breeding pea plants for 20 years to get the traits you want, you can have the same results within months or less by isolating the genes and introducing them to the subject at hand. Thats literally ALL it is. People hate gmos because it's the new buzzword- they have zero clue what GMO means, and assume it means that theyre putting pig DNA into pineapples or bear DNA into pears or whatever else. They don't know that pretty much EVERYTHING modern is the reslt of GMOs. Watermelons, tomatoes, corn, peas, freaking DOGS. Those were just the longer-term versions done through selective breeding. I always laugh at how every single plant in the springtime says, "Non-GMO!" Like.... Yeah, Bonnie, your heirloom tomatoes are definitely not modified in any way. They're definitely not from modified plants. That's why they're poisonous, because they're still their original nightshade variants. Oh wait, no- they are edible because we used SCIENCE to produce a beautiful, edible, Adonis. 🤗
In our hometown, we actually do eat banana peel! It's just that it has to be a certain type of raw, green bananas (locally called jahaji kol) and it can be used to make tasty chutneys, koftas, deep fried vegetables balls and even dumplings!
Ive not finished the video yet, but apples CAN help others ripen more quickly as they produce a TON of ethylene gas. It's why they encourage you to keep apples with good contact to air so they dont ripen too quickly. Hence why they have air in the bags and they tell you not to put them in the fridge. Of course, it won't work with all fruits, but it is a thing! Alton Brown has even talked about it in the past.
Actually, the banana hanging and the apple bag method is used in out culture, it is done when the banana is still green , we do it slow for months and months, with the bag then take it out just before it's ripe and hang it. and we do it in bunches and pack it tightly. in a big container. (Any thing about this topic appreciated ☺️)
Hi Ann! You're probably not going to notice this comment, but I want to thank you for being the light of information and common sense in the middle of this chaotic internet. I'm going to give a speech in my class about content farms and your channel gives me so much information. I'll be sure to talk about your channel too in my speech!
i learned more useful things about banana on this video than most of my life
I applaud him for his research thank you
14:00 cooked bananas aren't that good? Try frying them.
The problem with GMO food is that a company can copyright them and extort farmers. Or at least one time a company made herbicide resistant plants, and didn't told the workers that the herbicide was safer than it is, (people buying the food would be fine but working with a thing you think is safe at a full time job put a lot of people in danger).
The aloe plant had water roots so they had put it in water and then pretended they grew from the banana 😅
'Even monkeys peel banana" Dave LOL
The thing I love about Anne’s videos is how many key scientific concepts she covers! Perfect demonstration of good scientific technique with positive and negative controls.  Citing sources and how to look into how reliable your information is. My little science student heart!
I'm from Switzerland and not gonna lie but chocolate stuffed bananas are a very popular dessert for barbecues around here :D We stuff them with chocolate, wrap them in tinfoil and put them into the hot charcoal fore some minutes. Delicious :)
i ddint even know sth like UV beads existed. That is majorly cool as usual. Thanks Ann x
not only you debunk fake trick videos but you also do solid research and enlighten us with stories and related information too! Really appreciate your hard work!
The one that says that the banana gas is capable of mature anothe fruit. I use it to my guavas when it is super green
Don't we all love 30 minutes of watching banana content
"We're anti GMO... Wait the bananas are all dying? Hello GMO we love you!"  Stupid politicians listening to stupid people about their misguided fears about GMO. This sort of stuff has happened with other crops before and the government always back tracks on their any GMO law when there's a serious threat to their economic crop, then the GMO plant is introduced and there are no downsides.
oh my gosh you finally fed Dave a food hack food that's not horrible O.O
People should just stop being wasteful. There’s so much you can do with Bananas plus you can freeze them and make ice cream.  There’s bananas smoothies Ice cream Banana cake  Banana bread Banana choc chip muffins  Fruit bowls.
Chocolate pieces inside a banana then in foil was a great BBQ dessert on the embers of a fire. I tried foiled wrapping the top of a banana hand in the fridge and it did help extend the life.
Anne ! Found this for your miniature kitchen: mini pottery made by a real pottery artist https://youtu.be/z2APU5ob9Og
The whole anti-GMO thing smells like antivaxx conspiracy theory "government tries to poison/put chips inside us" thing.  Broccoli, Cauliflower, Brussel Sprouts, Bok Choy, etc... All these are from some proto-cabbage plant.  You're anti-GMO? Don't consume those cranberries, don't dare to eat broccoli cheese soup, and god forbid you drink this orange juice.  Everything we eat is Genetically modified, one way or another, most likely than not to _prevent_ harm. I do believe we should keep safe dna and seeds of plants and not just GM then all, and that keeping the ecosystem as similar as it was, but if if helps the ecosystem to GM something, then it's important too. I do hope they find something to kill that fungus.
Those roots on the aloe look a lot like spring onion roots 😭
очень тихо
Dave learned his lesson, he smells before tasting to make sure it's not gonna give him food poisoning 😂. Still braver than the US Marines
The banana uv beads were darker than the control ones. things that make you go Hmmm
GMOs aren't the problem, without them we would quite literally starve. They are the reason we are able to feed such a massive world population. Its the companies that make them that create the problem
People try to keep bananas from going brown? Bananas aren't that great until they go brown, they honestly taste kinda raw prior.
My opinions about genetically modified foods is mostly that crossbreeding plants and what not is fine, but it's things like where they've inserted lobster dna into banana plants before that makes me raise an eyebrow. But hey, whatever works I guess. I prefer natural food in the end, though.
I don't understand why people hate GMO so much
A lot of supermarkets here in the US sell bananas with their stems wrapped in plastic and tape. Not sure if it's from the misconception about the ripening process, or if it's due to something else.
A note to actually enjoy the  chocolate banana @ 14:00  -take a fresh banana slice length wise, pop some chocolate in, wrap in tin foil and toss on to  bbq or my fav over camp fire just for 30-60 secs so yummy :)
Poor bananas
Were they implying you can make a *”banana pepper”* with the watermelon “hack”?? 🤨
I believe GMO’s are like everything else in life.... They can be used to help, or to harm — it depends entirely on the people and their motives, that are doing the modifications.
You look like Jesus in the caption. Lol
Almost spit out my coffee seeing the webpage of my workplace. The link to the Universität Hamburg is down, because we changed our backend 5 or 6 years ago, maybe I'll find it somewhere in our archives.
This was very eduational. Thank you.
wait wait wait wait wait... you don't eat the bananas cuz they got brown?! Are you serious? Also according to your timelapse the bananas take like 4 days to get into a "disgusting" state of ripe and after 9 days they are "bad" apparently. So... you are telling me it's normal for you folks to buy bananas and not eat them in a week?? Is this a "first world problem"??? how many bananas do you buy each time? several kgs? and when you get them you don't eat them in days?  It seriously baffles me. I understand a brown banana might look and feel gross but you can check if it's not rotten. If it isn't it's still good. Make a milkshake or something and if you are actually planning on not eating the bananas for a week just freeze them or turn them into chocolate pops. Just leave them into a nice and fresh place and they'll be fine for a few days.  What I'm trying to get to is.... stop being so whinny about brown spots. They are normal and edible. For the love of god. Stop wasting food. Have some respect for your food ppl.
I have to applaud Dave for agreeing to be your guinea pig for your vids Ann.
So you can cook the astringency out of a banana peel? Is it the heat, or the sauce?
5-minute Crafts is such a joke it's hilarious 😂
Genetically modifying foods, in and of itself, is not where my problem with it lies. I am not "creeped out" by the idea, I don't think it somehow magically becomes monstrous, it's not going to sprout legs and run around squealing or eat my cats. Like any other science, responsible and ethical application is the biggie. A huge issue with Monsanto's genetic modifications, as an example, is that they modify crops to be resistant to specific pesticides so that they can then literally just DROWN them in pesticides and the crop plant won't die. Doesn't prevent the pesticide from remaining on or even partly in the harvest, doesn't keep hundreds of thousands of gallons of pesticides out of the water table or from devastating wild local flora or beneficial fauna. And that's not even touching the practice of forcing GMO strains of a crop on someone contractually in such mass quantity that it alters the environment and pollinates heirloom crops many miles away, ruining those. So...tl;dr like any other science GMOs can be used for good or evil and usage is what we should examine, not their very existence.
I saw a 5 minute craft you'd love....to laugh at they cracked a tile and used...melted peanut butter to fix it!! How ridiculous!!
Grew up with a parent in the food sciences hearing the most bizzare crap about GMOs. My only thing against them is when they're modified to not propagate and patent seeds for corporate control. When it's to boost nutrition, save crops, expand the regions and soil a plant can grow, that shouldn't be bad to anyone except greedy people. My mom literally heard how they were splicing insects and food DNA and never stopped to ask, but why? Like if they were... you think it was to make gross fruits with eyes? And usually they don't seem to be doing it to destroy a crop, a crop is failing and while we don't help the planet, no one is going to advocate for mass death to food shortage (at least not outwardly... Idk, it is 2020).  All that said... that wild banana will give me nightmares... I just... I would never have been able to tell you how much that bothered me until after seeing it, but it tapped into something visually that I nearly gagged.
"Even monkeys peel bananas" theres a noteworthy quote.
Have you ever done a video about cooking insects/arachnids? I'm always curious to try them but i'm not sure how to cook them even after watching several videos
Holy University, Batman, I go to the Uni that guy researches at!  I can totally just straight up find him and ask questions about all this.  I really want to!!  I bet I can find the room and check out the samples. :O
Im from Perú and we have some delicious dishes with cooked bananas.
Thank you for all the research you did! I feel like I learned a lot!
Don't like GMOs? Then don't eat watermelons or cantaloupe... don't eat oranges or lemons... don't eat green peppers or tomatoes. The origins of these plants are basically all seeds & stems with little to no nutritional value. If humans didn't intervene & cross breed genetically superior crops we wouldn't have a lot of the "natural" foods we have today!
Actual banana hack: if your banana is overripe use it in baking (eg banana bread) or in a smoothie. It’s a huge waste to throw them out, they’ll still be delicious in those!
I wanna point out that with the Gros Michel and Cavendish are basically all clones, hence being seedless. So there is no genetic diversity in these. It’s why the Panama disease can wipe out entire plantations so fast. I’m a goof and wanted to grow my own Gros Michel bananas, and did a decent amount of research on that part, because I was curious why the Gros Michel was replaced with the Cavendish.  My thoughts on that matter are finding a way to have a banana that tastes like Gros Michel or Cavendish, but with seeds (preferably small and eatable) so we can have genetic diversity, but I doubt that is the way forward commercially.
The banana sun-screen actually looks effective. ... At intensifying the UV. Those beads look *darker* than the control
I love your videos! So informative. Its plain to see the amount of effort you put in these videos~ But I suggest that you amplify your sounds? Compared to other videos, yours is more on the quiet side. Just ny opinion tho.
Trypophobia warning around 28:04 just to let some yall know
i absolutely love that Ann comes up with ways to fix “craft” problems :,) <3
Is that a kitten meowing in the background around 25:00?
Wild bananas look fascinating! Thanks, Ann
Is it me or around @25:01 there is a cat miaowing??
The Gros Michel isn't extinct so they should modify that one, too.
I was not expecting my trypophobia to be triggered watching a video about bananas 🤮 very interesting stuff but legit almost lost my dinner at that wild banana lmao
Chili-banana-watermelon just seems like the vegan equivalent of turducken
As if the canvendish isnt gmo'ed.
I love these videos but common you can do more then bananas
For the one with the leaf, it needs to be a Monstera plant like the one shown and it MUST have that bulbous growth node. That being said, a monstera will grow roots in a glass of water with just a hint of rooting hormone it's a popular form of propagation for those types of decorative house plant, but I'm assuming that the banana is used as a proxy for rooting hormone in some manner.
There's a lot of overblown nonsense about GM foods and misinformation that is putting food supply and crops at risk. There is nothing wrong with GM foods.
Lol its very saucy!  Edit: it gets funnier! "Even monkeys peel bananas". I don't know why I find this soooo hilarious!
*clarification*: The plant used in the experiment was in fact aloe, but not aloe vera. But, it would be the same for aloe vera. The aloe is actually really cute :)
Wrapping the top of the stalk does indeed work. Even if it looks bruised on the outside, the inside will be fine. I was just informed that you need totally black bananas if you are baking with them.
Omg I would love to smear banana peel all over my face lmao
Genetically modifying a banana with a banana seems a lot less harmful than other GMOs we've seen like putting a fish gene in tomatoes. 🤢 It's these cross-species GMOs that contribute to the phenomenon known as "food layering" that could be related to food allergies (more research is needed, but it's a current theory). Having food allergies myself, I don't think we should risk it. Food fillers and cross-species GMOs are not a good idea!
The cooking banana to create meet is very dangerous. When I was young my best friend decided to be vegetarian and tried this. I eat it and I ended in the hospital because my stomach created a ball that I could not vomit. It was painful.
I find the whole GMO disdain to be narrow-minded and foolish.  Even foods that claim they're non-GMO come from a line of genetically modified seeds.
Ann is so cool! It's great that she manages to do all this stuff!
The myth about wrapping of banana's top by foil is also known in Polish internet. First mentions in 2012 year. It was all-world meme.
About the chocolate banana, it's actually a very cool dessert to make while camping. You can put chocolate (or peanut butter) in the banana, wrap it in aluminum foil and leave it for some time near the fire. Really nice thing to do. The microwaved version - not so sure about that. :D
😍😍😍
Ooh saucey baby
It should really be illegal to be giving false spf "hacks" to kids who will try these things... thanks for doing these, Anne!
I'm not sure regarding the banana with chocolate in the microwave if it is a fake thing. I usually do banana stuffed with milk chocolate baked in the oven on a high heat as a seriously tasty snack but maybe the microwave makes it bad 🤔
Lol ngl the part where all the plants started to die lol i laughed so hard
Please do another  From Failed It To Nailed It Anyway, thanks for this video!
Bring on the GMO bananas!
Yay bananas! 🍌
I love the amount of information that I get from your videos!
y e s
That weird banana looks so GROSS IDK WHY
I don’t see why everyone hates genetically modified crops. They’re so helpful for us!
I bet she’s really fun at parties
... Or you could just put the node in just plain water. A leaf that isn't fully developed will die, but a nice mature monsters leaf with a node will do fine.
Well done on 4.5M subs🥳
Nature is constantly changing and you can cross pollinate as well, so there really isn't anything wrong with GMO's especially when it is able to benefit people in areas that may be hit by droughts etc.  Problem becomes when corporations sue farms for their patented plants that grew from seeds that blew onto their land.  Maybe the seeds could be charged a heavier fee for the first several years and then it becomes an open sourced item.  BTW, I had a friend's uncle  back in the early 80's that developed a drought resistant strain of wheat in India.  He was considered a hero at the time as it saved many farms.
In sweden where i live bananas in stores often have plastic wrapped stems. Why is that?
This has probably already been mention but in the odd chance it hasn't, the artifical banana flavour that you've most likely had and thought tasted nothing like a banana is based on the banana that got destroyed before that Ann mentions
The fact they used a drawing in the "after" thumbnail for the aloe hack absolutely slays me
GMO food is safer than at least 1/2 of the internet content. I do't think ppl bothered to learn how it works
No discussion about the ALGORITHM?!
Amazing video, I'm glad to see there are still plenty of amazing content creators who actually care about making good content. I love the debunking series, but I would like to recommend trying the proper version of the one hack with putting chocolate inside a banana then putting it in the microwave. It looks like its based off of banana boats, a delicious campfire snack. You make the slit in the banana as shown, and add chocolate, marshmallows, and maybe some other yummy things. Then wrap it in aluminum foil and put it in the coals of a campfire. Take it out a couple minutes later, let it cool down a bit, and enjoy! Amazing video, and good facts!
At some point in this video the word banana became very strange to me
Ask the kids to try the food too :)
Ann: now then children.... let me tell you a tale of bananas
When I was a brownie, way back in the midst of time, we used to do the chocolate in the banana thing on a campfire.  Don't remember if I liked it or not, probably not so much, otherwise I'd still be making it...
I swear- the last video was secretly dedicated to Simplynailogcal and this one is secretly dedicated to Beyyyn XD
Actualy i am from keral and we eat banana peels i actualy love it but we dont add soo much ingridients  We keep it basic. i love ur channel so much i really love ur contents love from kerala    Edit: after watching thi vid i feel like i am a banana pro 😂😂😂😂😂
I don't know why but when I saw the picture of that wild banana at the end with all the seeds... 🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢 Gag.. I had such a visceral reaction to it. I still can't shake the feeling. What a weird thing to learn about myself.
In my opinion, if we have the knowledge and resources to genetically modify plants we use as food so they don’t become extinct, then that’s great. It’s progress. Genetic modification for other reasons, like taste, I’m not really a fan of. But to safeguard our food supply, DEFINITELY.
🍌
hey i love your channel, small note though! some of your videos are extremely quiet so when i autoplay to a new video the volume goes crazy.
Well I actually didn't expect to see a Greek video(banana and chocolate) on here.
Banana revelation: put them in the fridge. Never judge a banana by the peel!
Your husband has the patience and humor of a saint, lol
I live in Australia so I immediately knew the banana one was fake when I watched the five minute craft video (I find them funny and entertaining to laugh at)  Edit: about the genetically modified bananas my thought is:  BANANAS ARE BANANAS as long as I can use them to make stuff (milkshake smoothie bread, that vegan pulled pork thing I’ve tried it and I actually like it)
hey thanks for coming to greece it was great to have you here lol!
Weeeeeeeell they are all ready genetically modified så why should it be a problem at all?
Great video as always, I like how you are almost non-prejudged about those hacks and try them in very sxientific way. By the way, one of the channels I would love you debunk is Tasty Plus - some of their cake videos are very fake but not obviously fake and fake hacks are between real ones so it's sometimes hard to tell what is fake and what isn't.
if I remember correctly, banana candies taste like that "extinct" banana, and that's why they don't taste like "normal"(ie cavendish) bananas!
I kind of want a banana peel sandwich now. Dave approved!
my problem with the whole anti-gmo thing is the same problem i have with the anti-vaxxers... a lot of misinformation and very little Actual common (or rather Uncommon at this point) sense behind it. if you looked at the history of man, Everything's "gmo". humans Had to modify All their wild agriculture in order to Have one in the first place. oats weren't like we have now, nor were Any of the grains we survive on. none of the animals we use to survive on are any where Near what they were when we first started to domesticate them. it's just how things Are. if you want to survive on something more than roots and berries you Happen upon instead of growing yourself, it's going to have to be tweaked to grow when and where you want it to. from the coffee we drink to the bacon we eat to the meatless stuff we ate instead of meat. it's all been tinkered with. there's absolutely Nothing that Is Completely Natural &/or Organic (which is a misnomer... if something grows, it's organic. if it's made of something nonliving like plastic Then it's inorganic. oi.) or at least in the sense of being free of our influence on it anyway. even the throwback grains people are glomping on to these days... do people think that the seeds for these things were just conveniently laying around somewhere... neither touched by man nor beast? no. they had to be reverse engineered. so even Those aren't "true copies" because chances of being able to get an Exact copy of something that only exists in the guts of some long dead critter is between slim and none. i get the movement away from highly processed food stuffs. i do. and i think it's a good thing. but people need to understand there's a big difference between something that's made sustainable through tweaking the genetics and something that's little more than a can of spam. people really need to educate themselves better if they're serious about doing things the Right way instead of just whatever a fad Says to do.
You know it’s summer in Australia when there’s constant bird squawking in the background 🤣
Thank you for explaining the background information in such detail! Entertaining and informative 👌🏼
GMOs are wrong!!  *eats a potato, tomato, and broccoli while petting a chihuahua*
dont throw away good food lmao
Anit-GMO is simply ridiculous. Cultivation also aims at creating plants with a different gene-set, but does that relying completely on chance and takes tens and hundreds of years, whereas gene modification allows great, reliable and PREDICTABLE results within a short time frame.
Nobody:...    Anne: ETHYLENE
Ann, I appreciate your videos! I also wanted to say I LOVE your top. It’s so pretty!
#howtocookthat I have a fun idea for a video. Could you please try make the "failed" leaning cake from sleeping beauty???
Good ol' Dave, he's such a good sport!
♥️ Dave
I've done the chocolate one before, it is really good imo (but we don't heat it so long that it actually cooks)
I generally have no problem with GMOs as I don't view it as being too different from the human directed selection processes that have lead to basically all of our modern fruits and vegetables even existing, and in cases where genetic modifications will protect subsistence foods, I think there is little reason to be concerned about them. However, I think that cases in which varieties of food-crops are being genetically modified for the express purpose of allowing corporations to claim sole ownership over them, or to prevent the crops from self-seeding so that farmers MUST repurchase seeds every year, show complete moral bankruptcy.
Even if GMO was something I was leery of, and it is not, splicing a banana with a banana to create a slightly different banana really is the extreme shallow end of the practice. I can't imagine anyone reasonable having a problem with that, especially when the alternative is no bananas at all.
Okay, bananas are literally sold with a taped top in our stores, so...
Imagine seeing someone rub a banana peel on their face in public
The real problem with GMO is that it's usually left as a black box process that companies use to make more money. You only have the companies assurances that they have been diligent and tested the new product extensively before they sell it.  Having a researcher doing long term experiments on the process makes it much much better, the process is more open, it's less likely to being rushed due to investor concerns.  The old method of modifying crops and animals involved having said products surviving naturally for a number of generations before it was considered a new breed (10 generations for a new dog breed, for instance). In other words, you are forced to test it properly, and you know they don't have a fatal flaw that will wipe out the product. And it's less likely they have some sort of unintended effect like adding a compound that kills your kidneys by eating them.  Afaik CRISPR has been proven to add unintended genome changes in some cases, resulting in completely random changes. Combine this with a pressure to get it to market asap and to hide the process entirely and you have a huge problem. Sooner or later a product will go into stores that has long term negative effects, either to the ecosystem or to the consumers. As long as the companies actually are as diligent as is necessary that won't happen. But the longer it's allowed to be a black box without any oversight and extensive testing the higher the risk is to everyone.  TLDR: properly done GMO can be safe, life saving and has no negative impact on the ecosystem. Improperly done it's mad science with a veneer of respectability and someone is sooner or later going to make this obvious, though we can hope the positives outweigh the negatives during at least our lifetimes.
hah the banana sun cream colors look more vibrant, but that's probably just the camera
I really really dislike bananas. I can taste them in anything and I think they are just the worst. I don't want them wiped out though, so I was glad to hear that there had been some success making bananas resistant to that disease! I was curious about the wild banana also, and oh my god the image of it gave me the WORST visceral reaction. I'm going to have nightmares haha. But thank you for all the research and testing and information!
The world should try the saba banana. It's very starchy a not pleasent to eat raw. But boil them skin on and they get soft and sweet. I eat them here in the Philippines. I have never seen them where I'm from on Europe, and I've never been to Australia, so I have no idea if they would be sold there.
27:55 TRYPOPHOBIAAAAAAAA 😭
Brooooo I’m allergic and I hate bananas but I LOVE oranges
Or use a hairdryer on banana until it becomes black. Then play the clip backwards.😂
Also, this video was suppressed in my feed.
All commercial bananas are gmo... it isn't a valid argument with this food source
Banana Cake joined the Chat
I don't like the standard grocery store bananas.   But I love so many other types of bananas.  For straight eating bananas I go for the mini ones as I find them a more pleasant flavor.  I love plantains, those giant bananas you have to cook to make edible.
https://youtu.be/Ytu3ch6-srk Hello maam I am sending you this video from so yummy which I think some things are sceptical so please make a debunk videos
cool  video. just curious, anyone else hear like a soft squeaking towards the end of the video? not important just wondering what it is.
Ann is such a good wife..even tho she knows she's gotta give Dave some 🐂💩 she always tries to make it the best 🐂💩 possible 😂😂🙌🙌
Ok, but the cooked bananas with chocolate is amazing. But we did it with chocolate and marshmallows and  wrapping them in tin foil, then shoving them in the coals of a campfire. Omg they're delicious
LET THE MAN SAVE BANANAS
as i watch this, i consume banana and strawberry fruit salad xD
Me watching the banana fall in the water at the very beginning: 👁👄👁
Basically all of the plants we eat are genetically modified in one manner or another. In addition, genetically modifying plants doesn't make them any different other than that they have different DNA, which is what makes all varieties of plants unique. The science is very clear that there's nothing about GMOs that makes them inherently dangerous or bad and there's nothing about naturally occurring plants that makes them safe. There are plenty of very dangerous and poisonous naturally occurring plants. Since you've garnered this pro-science persona (which I love and I think is very well deserved), I hope you do a video sometime in the future educating your audience about GMO food and why there's nothing wrong with it.
Where can I get some of those beads?
Dave : Even monkeys peel bananas 😂😂😂😂😂
I don't know what THAT Ann Reardon did to you but cooking her isn't a solution.
Hi Ann! Although I don't care for bananas, but I really enjoyed your video. I appreciated you debunking the 'wrap the end of the banana' portion- that was something that I had been (incorrectly) taught. My mom and I watch all your videos, but our favorites are your debunking videos. Had you thought of doing a holiday/Christmas debunking video? For example the 'peppermint plate' I found via Pinterest makes me a little dubious.  https://www.pinterest.com/pin/636907572287351531/
The putting banana eith apple idea is making the APPLE rippen faster not the banana
Thank god I hate bananas!!!!
Banana's have already been GMO plants thanks to selective breeding in order to get rid of those large seeds and to select for a more sweet taste. Replacing a gene within them in order for them to be resistant to TR4 will not make them any more "dangerous" to eat than they already were. The debates about GMO plants should focus on concerns surrounding biodiversity and the selection for fungicide and herbicide resistant insects, NOT whether they are unsafe to eat because there is absolutely no evidence of that at all. :) In this case it seems like a no brainer to switch to these new GMCs in order to help the low income farmers and communities who rely so heavily on growing and selling bananas. :) -  Singed: a microbiology student
The problem I see with GMOs is when the companies that create exploit the farmers by restricting how they farm.
So basically because I've had horrible sun poisoning, I'm doomed
GMO is great. Where the problem comes in is capitalism and trademark where there is one type of GMO crop and the seeds are sold through one cooperation and individual producers are prevented from breeding their own crops. Unfortunately, when you're a scientist doing research, you need to very much be aware of the societal implications beyond what you believe and hope for, and most scientist are not well versed in the humanities side of things and will incidentally create things that are then taken advantage of by CEOs, companies, and corporations.
This info is great, but I can't help but wonder if you used all these ripe bananas to make a large amount of banana bread. Don't let your brown bananas go to waste; brown bananas make the best bread.
I like that my middle school teacher brain literally came up with the exact UV bead experiment you came up with. 😅
Have you tried in a bag (high humidity) and in the refrigerator? Just curious.
Okay, the banana and chocolate thing? That is an old recipe I learned in girlscouts. You peel off part of the banana like you did, scoop out part of it, add in hershey bar pieces and marshmallows cover with the peel, wrap in foil and put in the  coals of a fire. After a few moments, you take it out with tongs, let it cool off, remove the foil and eat with a spoon. It is called Banana Boats. And warm banana is good, but maybe it is a matter of a texture issue for Dave. Here is a wikipedia article about it https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Banana_boat_(food)
I'm a little disappointed you didn't show us how the banana you painted yellow held up.
RE GMOs: technically most if not all food is a GMO due to humans inventing agriculture (dogs, cows and basically all livestock and domesticated animals, potatoes, corn, peaches, apples, etc etc) and practicing selective breeding to create species with the qualities we needed/wanted, now we can just do it faster with gene editing technology. the problem is when companies patent the genes of something they developed, or make sterile seeds so farmers have to go back to them every year to buy more seeds instead of saving seeds for planting next year as has been done since we figured out farming, and then companies sue farmers for saving the seeds, and sue farmers for saving seeds from cross pollinated plants. so i don't have a problem with GMO as people use the term today, I have a problem with what companies do with it that negate all the good that could come from using GMOs if things like sterile seeds and suing over cross pollination didn't happen
Dave is such a cool guy. You’re cool too Ann, we all love you both.
Dave is a delight
My mom used to make "steaks" with banana peels when i was a baby because Cuba had barely any food
Learned a lot from this video. I guess bananas go through a puberty of sorts
6:19 the one with banana is darker then the control one
Anti-GMO propaganda a is big hoax to make you pay more money for "natural" (which legally doesn't mean anything btw) products. Humans have been genetically modifying plants and animals for millennia through selective breeding. Doing it by using direct gene editing is not all that different once you understand it. Should scientists proceed with caution? Yes. Obviously. But GMO's are one of our best tools for tackling issues like world hunger, malnutrition, and economic instability. Don't let new wave "holistic health" gurus whose only research credentials are biased google searches fool you.
One bad sunburn when you're young doubles your risk of melanoma??? Aw man, I got a really bad sunburn when I was 18...
The issue I have with GMO food isn't that I think they're evil, there is no such thing as a "natural" food stuff because almost everything we eat like corn, wheat, fruits like watermelon, and many other foods are selectively breed over thousands of years by our ancestors to make them edible! We're simply doing what our ancestors have done, just a lot faster. The issue with GMO foods is the idea of a company owning an entire species of foodstuff, it's no longer food, it's a copyrighted product that they control down to a cellular level. We've seen this happen with Monsanto suing farmers because their crops cross-pollinated with their copyrighted property and, if they want to withhold their property to keep prices high, then what's to stop them? But, because of this, I'm not anti-GMO, I actually think that we need EVEN MORE GMO research that it done through public funds so that these new foodstuffs belong to everyone, not just one singular corporation. GMOs are not inherently evil and can actually bring so much good to the world, but, as with all technology, what matters is why it is being done and who is doing it.
I used to hang bananas, not to keep them from ripening too fast, but rather to keep them from bruising and getting soft spots.
I'm fine with GMO's, but it's the corporate aspect that leaves a bad taste. Companies overcharging farmers or planting near them and then suing them into oblivion if their seeds or whatever get blown onto the farmer's field. Corporate entities like Monsanto shouldn't have a monopoly on crops. It's scary to think about.
Poor Dave—he’s such a trooper 😂
Five minute crafts puts out 1000s of dangerous and often life threaning life hacks,  Google:💜💜💜💜  A random youtuber says the F word or mentions Covid Youtube:😡😡😡🤬😤
Me, who’s allergic to bananas: hm interesting 🧐
you need to put marshmallows and mms with the chocholate, wrap in foil, put in campfire for a while, tasty banana boat.
I love GMO food without that we wouldn't have the pink pineapple, the beautiful types of apples we have or a way to save bananas. I grew up in Iowa where we thoroughly understand GMOs due to our corn growing, we wouldn't be able to make gasoline with corn if it wasn't for GMOs!
ladyfinger nanas are delic
fridge = bad skin good inside, bag = good skin bad inside... put in a bag then in fridge??
Oh, the banana with chocolate is close to a campfire treat! You can do a big vertical slit, stuff it with chocolate and marshmallows, wrap it in foil, and cook it over a fire
thats a forward slash not a back slash :)
you could use banana to grow SEEDs, or any other fruit, put seeds in the fruit, put the fruit in the dirt, let the food break down completely, microscopic little dudes will take care of the mould and you could just put the fruit next to the seeds, its SLIGHTLY better then just soil as the breaking down fruit will keep seeds slightly motre moist
There's a store near me that wraps the top of the bananas.  The misinformation has breached the corporate level.
Excellent bead experiment.
Do this cake pls it's new https://youtu.be/ghCiPp7wk3E
I realize I'm not the most educated when it comes to GMO's, but there is a certain complacency that comes with not fearing something. When I was first introduced to the concept, I compared it to a practice as old as agriculture itself: when choosing which crops to replant, pick the seeds from the crops with the most desirable qualities. Size, flavor, ability to withstand cold nights or other climate factors, etc. While I don't think people should be seeking glow-in-the-dark hamsters, essentially cross-breeding crops (through a process which is just a more exact science compared to traditional cross-breeding, from my limited understanding) is nothing to be afraid of or look down on. A uni near me does (or did when I was first learning of the practice) GMO-related studies on apples, I believe comparing the practice to traditional hybridization (I was quite young, so memory is failing me here, but I believe the results were delicious). It just never seemed that weird to me, at least in terms of making food that tastes better or survives better.
Lets say it until everyone’s heard: GMO’s are good. Full stop.
Are you aware of the "wayback machine" -- a fairly thorough archive of older internet pages.
Make banana bread with all those brown bananas
Baked banana is really good.  I wouldn't microwave it, that just steams it.
I worked the produce dept at my store once to fill-in for someone and asked why the organic banana tops were wrapped. None of it made any sense. lol
We actually do that chocolate thing but we put it on the grill instead. It's pretty good if you have some vanilla ice cream on the side
Ann, please, please turn the volume up on your videos when you edit it! I think -20hz will be fine. I turn up the volume so much that when an ad comes on it destroys my ears 😭
There should be a "completely non-GMO" section at the supermarket where people can buy the non-domesticated versions of vegetables and fruits.
forward slash!
I got a chill when you showed those original bananas! My lizard brain thought they were maggots or something. Freaky looking.
Just because its GM it doesn't mean that it's bad or somthing
I think bananas are super disgusting. Can't imagine why people like it.
I agree that none of the hacks made sense, however, you grew an agave and the other video had an aloe.  All said, they are similar enough that the results would not be any different.
As long as we're not making them glow in the dark or trying to infuse them with 'mythical' properties, if we don't start modifying our food supply on a very large scale we're going to have problems.
The chocolate and banana thing is something my family does when we do BBQ. We stuff bananas with chocolate chips and grill it. That way it's delicious!!!
is he more handsome all of a sudden?
The way you say Banana makes it sounds like you say Bananer and I think that sounds really fun so I'm using that now-
Jordan Page (a fellow YouTuber) said in a recent video that if you take the bunch of bananas apart down to singular bananas they will not ripen as fast.
https://www.facebook.com/Jibrizy/videos/306784540489319/ check this video fake or real please watch
If anything the banana beads looked worse than the control. (they were more vibrant)
That stuffing a banana with chocolate was a thing when I was in scouts (I live in FInland) and we were camping.  We did it in camp fire, wrapping the banana in foil and putting it close to the fire. Almost everyone loved it but me and couple of my friends hated it. I think I had it worst because I almost threw up from it. Warm banana and molted chocolate doesn't go well with my taste buds.  I remember the times when I asked if I could eat the banana and chocolate just as they are but wasn't allowed to. I had to do like everyone else and eat it while complaining. I think I sometimes gave them (or big chunk of them) to someone who liked it.
Can you tell me if this video recipe for the snow globe cake is feasible? It’s so pretty!  https://youtu.be/ghCiPp7wk3E
Anyone gonna talk about how Ann is so good at research, like if there's anyone to have in your research group at school, pick someone like Ann
The thing with the "wrap bananas in plastic wrap" tip - they wrap banana stems in plastic wrap in a lot of grocery stores, and those bananas are always gross.
/ is a forward slash. \ is a back slash.
As for the supposed "Genetically modified" argument... what the professor did was to take two variants of the same overall thing, i.e. a different banana, to create the new hybrid... I think there is also a type of rice that got spliced with a non food producing cousin that had a desired resistance and produced a more robust food producing grain... a further variant of this is long term selective breeding for specific traits as evidenced with various domesticated animals, vegetables, fruits, etc... nearly **ALL** of our food has had that done over time and is not a problem...   The next stage is when plants from the same next higher level or "further separated" are gene spliced together... I can't come up with a specific example off the top of my head, but it is similar to combining a plum with an apricot for a "pluot"...  these are close enough to still be somewhat compatible and continue to reproduce on their own once combined... these are far rarer occurrences, but are definitely happy accidents when discovered and are also not a problem.  The issue is when genes from wildly divergent species like the corn genome is combined with say an insect gene, essentially something that is completely different, and then used to produce foods with a specific trait... much like the corn that must be grown with a heavily used pesticide and is used throughout it's life cycle... it also cross contaminates anything and everything nearby in often unknown ways, is quite often a sterile species that does not reproduce well without that assistance, and finally is very heavily and aggressively policed and sued over by the originating companies.... Now **THOSE** are a real problem... these companies are very much like a drug dealer in that once you are "hooked" by their product, it is very difficult to get away from using it for the rest of your life... the farmers become essentially serfs to the company involved with very little to no further choices available... these companies are also rather disapproving (if not downright nasty) about farmers maintaining "legacy" of their own from several decades before their product.
Those wild bananas look actually scary 😱😂
i'm studying food engineering so the videos where you explain the food science is so enjoyable for me ^^
We would peel the banana, split it, put marshmallows and chocolate in it, and bake it. It is amazing!
Thanks for this one.  You did so much research.
Did anything happen to the Apple in with the bananas?
I don't have a problems with Cisgenesis GMO
The UV experiment was really cool! I never would have thought of using the color changing beads that way.
I'm fine with GMOs unless a specific one has been proven to be dangerous. I don't see it as that different from the selective breeding people have been doing with fruits and veg to make them more abundant, easier to grow, and more nutritious for centuries. The fruit and veg we eat today are so different from what the fruit and veg people had even one hundred years ago. For the most part, the changes have led to more nutrition for more people and less land required for farming, meaning that most countries who have had an industrial revolution are now able to give more land back to nature. If GMOs mean we can use less land and feed more people, I'm all for them. It's only those of us with food security privilege that get to be picky about eating "organic" or not. Worries about pesticides and GMOs go out the window when you're starving.
Lovely and informational video as alwayyssss <33 i didnt mind that it was almost 30 minutes long ahaha. Also BEN AND CRISTINE NEED TO SEE THISSS!!! bananananananananananana
Can you do cooking videos they are better
My family used to have chocolate banana on holiday all the time i never understood it but they loved it
13:55 That’s my language! Greek!🇬🇷🇬🇷
Well, thanks, Ann!  I love you, t-... Awww...
I Love Her.
My mom watched a video that said separating each banana would prevent them from going black. Well, I was able to separate a few before splitting the tip of my finger in two with the knive, it cut my nail in a horrible way. It wasn't that serious after all, left just a small scar, but from that day on I just consume the bananas before they expire. Best hack to keep them fresh.
Not sure why think can't eat banana peel, have a lot of recipes using that, even a few candy, same for other fruits.
I don't feel that GMOs should be a big worry. I mean GMOs have helped a lot of people not starve and even get nutrients that they couldn't before, like the vitamin A rice.
When you showed the banana burger I went full "nononononono don't make him eat it nononononooooo"
GMOs ore deffinitly a good thing overall. In my opinion it's hard to look at the cavandish bananas as they are and call them any more natural than a GMO one. They're so thoroughly selectively bread to remove those hard seeds that they are infertile. All banana plants are clones, which is why diseases like this are so bad for the crop. GMOs get a thumbs up from me
You can also just refrigerate bananas. They last longer. But the cold will make the peel brown faster
Just make some dam banana bread. It’s not very hard
Genetically modified food is fine for me. It can be a grey area, but that's life.
I remember that my dad likes to put non-ripe bananas in uncooked rice to make them ripe, but I don't know/ remember if that is true since I haven't seen it happen in a while.
you might be interested to learn that ALL bananas used to have those large, hard seeds! indeed, the banana we know today has been mutated over many generations. farmers would select the bananas with the smaller seeds and again and again, until we have the "normal" banana we know and love. take a look at that video for more information: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9fzTUQuyswU
Hello, I saw this video and immediately thought of you, I'm pretty sure is false but do we eat human embryos? https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJ4g8hU1/
Well We know for a sciencetfic fact, that we never got  skin cancer on speed dial , until man invented sunblocker.  We have more skin cancer fron the chemicals man has developed. Then by the sun itself. Just cover up. Please.
I just ate a banana
If you liked this check out (A COOKBOOK COLLECTOR)
I like to do the banana and chocolate one myself. You split the banana, put in chocolate and marshmallows, wrap them in foil and put them in the oven or even better a camp fire. Give it a few minutes to soften the banana and melt the chocolate/marshmallows and it’s delicious!
Two lessons learned 1. People will believe anything 2. People will lie about anything
I would much rather eat a GMO banana than not have bananas. After they save the cavendish it would be cool if they could do the same to the gros michel! I know they won't ever be as popular as the cavendish bc they are so much smaller, but I'd happily pay a bit more for a more intensely flavored variety (as I already do with most fruit).
@8:29 noooo! You're supposed to peal it from the other end Ann!!!😂
The banana covered beads colors look brighter than the control. 😂
"Even monkeys peel bananas."  - I laughed at this one!  It's true!
GMOs are the only way we'll be able to feed the entire human population. The only time they become unacceptable is when we genetically modify animals such that it negatively impacts their quality of life. The idea of organic and non-GMO food is overwhelmingly a marketing ploy and absolutely does not represent higher quality. In addition, saturation of the market or social pressure to buy non-GMO produce actively makes it harder for lower-income people to afford healthier diets as affordable produce becomes less accessible.   TL;DR: GMOs (in the plant world and with rigorous testing of foodstuffs to ensure safety) are good
I’ve once read that artificial banana flavour tastes so different to real bananas because it was created after the taste of that first banana fruit which went distinct because of panama disease and the other banana fruit we eat today wasn’t the preferred fruit because it tastes so bland in comparison which is why the banana flavour tastes so different. Do you know if that is true?
GMO's just been around since forever. Our unga bunga ancestors have been unwittingly messing with the gene of pretty much everything they got their hands upon through the good old, tried and true process of selective breeding. Unless you're gonna boycott pretty much every single domesticated species ever, there's no point there.  Modern GMO cut out the middle man and goes directly to the source, and speaking as a layman, that does sound scary, but there is nothing inherently wrong with the concept itself. As long as it's safe for consumption, then it's good.  Unfortunately our media in general is anti-intelectual as all hell
I once had the bright idea to microwave a banana to melt chocolate on it and the smell was beyond comprehension.
Its funny to mention GMO in the process of bananas, the fact is that the banana we eat today is geneticly modified alraeady thats why the seads ar so smal and dont get bigger.
GMOs are fine - it's megacorporations misusing and exploiting them that is the problem. Literally every crop we eat is technically a GMO. The case you mentioned here reminds me of the now-in-the-FDA-approval-process GMO American Chestnut tree produced by the labs up at SUNY ESF, since they spliced in some genes to make it cooperate with the chestnut blight instead of suffer from it. GMOs are amazing innovations that can change the world. It's the misuse of them that is the problem. When people claim things like "GMOs are evil" it really grinds my gears, as an environmental science student partnered to an agriculture major. People: don't look at Monsanto and think that their practices mean that all GMOs are bad. The tech is not the enemy; it's the people using it to make money while driving other people bankrupt and holding the tech ransom from the rest of the world. Sorry this got a bit long! but I have extremely strong feelings about the incredible technological marvels that we've created with genetic modification (the fast kind, not the slow kind that is selective breeding and is what has been used to create every single food crop we consume en masse) and also extremely strong feelings about the corporations that misuse these marvels for the gain of a very small percentage of people.
All that work, bananas should be $50 each.
zombie bananas? nah that's prime banana bread ingredients
Chocolate in a banana is amazing done on a BBQ and served with ice cream
We do eat peel of raw banana (not the ripe yellow one but the green one), you boil the banana for some other recipe but don't discard the peel. Heat up a little bit of mustard oil and fri a few whole red chillies and 2 cloves of garlic till they start releasing aroma. Add the whole concoction to the boiled peels and grind them in morter and pestle with some salt and black pepper. Viola there you go, a spicy dip.
I'm fine with responsible and kind GMOs, but the companies are sometimes really scummy. There are companies that have produced plants that have negatively impacted wildlife and the environment. There are also companies that do shady things like suing farmers for "using" their crops without a licence, even though it turned out to be an issue with bee transferring pollen from one farm to another thus transferring the genes of the companies' crops to other farms that didn't have a license for those crops.   Most food we eat has been modified genetically either over generations by plant growers or over the course of a few years in a lab. I don't have an issue with the food. I take issues with the companies. It's not hard to find companies that want to slove one problem but create 50 more so they can make money.
I think the only crime on this video was metal spoon used to stir the saucy banana strips in metal pot.
Anti GMO people are like: I don't want to play god, let's wait for god to maybe modify the produce in maybe 200-500 years.
Hmm. How long before we see a hack video showing a banana used to treat a gunshot wound?
S.O.B SAVE OUR BANNANAS!!!!!
Most things are modified in some way, interbreeding species to get the outcome you want takes many many generations that gmo can achieve in a short time. they undergo very serious testing before it can be mass-marketed anyway. This world can no longer survive without gmo foods, new viruses, bacteria anf fungi continuously evolve there's no way to keep on top of them while overcoming issues like land/water issues..which again can be improved with GM.
I'm surprised you didn't mention the reason the main edible banana the world eats doesn't have seeds and is uniquely edible is because.... it's all clones!   They were specially bred to be edible (it's odd to be against genetically modified food considering before we had science to do it, we were meddling in plants like this), and every single cavendish banana is a clone of the others genetically. Plants are super easy to splice and clone without any science, and people have been doing it for hundreds of years. However with bananas, it's really pretty ridiculous how we only have ONE edible one! It makes it very susceptible to disease because we bred them to all be identical, asexual (no seeds means no natural reproduction) plants. So one bad disease easily spreads.  Another fun fact is that banana flavoured candy tastes weird and not like a banana because it's modeled on an extinct type of banana that we no longer have. It tastes like that banana, not the one everyone eats
I like my bananas at the stage when they are turning from green to yellow.
FRANKEN BANANA!!!!!
crush them!
I used to have a guy for my zombie bananas. I'd take my zombie bananas to work and he'd exchange them for fresh ones and he wouldn't eat them until they were sloshing around in the skin. Gross.
The best part about these is that they steal viewers from that other channel and keeps them here.
I can't be the only one who thought that root growing looked obscene xD
is it just me or does ann look a bit like rose from titanic. kinda like an old version of her.
I use a house to protect me from UV rays. I also live in England as a secondary precaution.
I'm not sure anyone is going to start rubbing banana on their face in order to avoid using sun screen/blocker. You might start rubbing a banana peel on your face if you are a gulible idiot who happens to have watched the 5 minute craft video but I doubt you'd get very far before you realise you are just spreading a banana on your face.
Banana peel is a natural uv blocker. Yes, technically true you can use a banana peel to block the sun in the same way you could us an umbrella or a tree or a building to block the sun.
See what you can do instead of this is put all your food waste into a compost bin (you can get them in all shapes and sizes to suit your needs) and then use that to grow plants. Much easier.
The one where they put chocolate in the banana and heated it is actually something we used to do when I was little. I don't know if it's a Swedish thing? Like ovencooked banana with chocolate, there are so many recipes now when I google it. You can search "ugnsbakad banan med choklad"
im very lazy.. whenever i fix dinner i bury all my leftover vegie stems and bits in my yard... now i have 3 bell pepper plants and some other stuff growing that im not able to recognize yet.
It always begins at GMO and always ends in Soylent Green.
Anti-GMO just baffles me. We've been genetically modifying food since we've discovered agriculture.
she said banana so many times that it's starting to not sound like a real word
Throughout this video I've been getting a 'watering your crops with Gatorade' feeling in the way that the video clips are using bananas for everything.
Du va veldig støgg
GODDAMN
here is a  real life hack adding Banana peel when you are composting it improves the the nutrients in the compost
People can be against GMO's all they want, but the fact of the matter is that nearly ALL foods have been genetically modified in some way. From plants to animals.
I think that people have to know what GMO is because its does not always mean that people are doing wierd stuff to your food!
When it comes to GMOs; the more, the better to ensure greater food security for more people.
Anti GMO is DUMB! Almost ALL your fruit and veg has been modified over either thousands, hundreds or decades of years. Dumb people are anti GMO because they believe in some stupid conspiracy theory
Hack channels: how to deal with these yuckky brown bananas. Far North Queenslanders: you bunch of bloody sooks! These are in perfect condition!!
One of the linked papers about the banana wrapping was actually from the university I study at! Crazy to see my German uni's website pop up in the middle of an Australian YouTube video 😂
JESUS IS COMING SO SO SOON Y’ALL! Repent and trust in Jesus alone! Lemme know how I can pray for you :)  God created the world good and perfect, but we as humans have rebelled against that by sinning. Every single one of us has sinned. And just like on earth te here’s punishment for breaking the law, so there’s punishment for breaking God’s law: death and eternal separation in hell. BUT HERE’S THE GOOD NEWS: out of God’s deep and unconditional love for us, He sent His one and only son to take that punishment. Jesus is eternal and never committed any sin, He is 100% God and 100% man, and He just loves you ever so much. He paid the price IN FULL for our sins, so that we don’t have to. We owed a debt to God and Jesus paid it. And He rose 3 days later proving His sacrifice was accepted. Now all you have to do, is repent and trust in Jesus alone!   God is so good! He has pulled me out of the darkest place, and sharing the good news of the Gospel is in the hopes that He can help someone else too :)
Dave saying that cooked bananas aren't good is BETRAYAL.
I live in a semi rural area in South Africa and can confirm that wild monkeys will eat the peel of any fruit along with the fruit and normally eat up to the pip and throw it away. This is one of nature's way of spreading seeds. If a fruit has small pips or no pips they will still eat up to 2/3 or more but never 100% of the fruit. They prefer fruit over veggies.
I feel like that 5MC video about the banana and the hair dryer was just a fresh banana being blow drier heated till it went dark, then they reversed the video. The movements dont look natural and fluid. As far a GMO goes mankind has been genetically modifying food sources since the beginning of agriculture, look at the tomato, potato, corn, apples, even animals. Any food source that has been "bred" for a higher yield than the "original" is Genetically Modified.  Majority of people think its a fairly recent thing, past 50-80 years, but it isnt, Archaeologists and Paleontologists have proven that. So for all their bragging "I dont eat GM food" Sorry, but you are.
To me, GMO is too blanket of a term. People have been selectively breeding animals, or cross breeding plants for thousands of years. I don't consider this to be genetically modifying a plant. To me, it is only an issue when you are taking genes from a completely different plant, or species and inserting it into another. Like making cats that have bioluminescence, or putting genes from a bacteria into corn to make it drought resistant. Crossing/adding genes from one banana plant into another, is not really an issue. This could happen in nature.
0:57 there is clearly a picture of aloe Vera just photoshopped on top of a ripe banana
Most of our plant based foods are genetically modified in one way or another and that doesn't bother me. If it bothers you go eat wild bananas.
Thank you for how much time you spend researching to make an entertaining and informative video :)
So I was told that the old style  banana flavored candies is what the bananas tasted like before the extension of the pre-50s bananas.
Would love to see a collab with How to Cook That and SimplyNailogical debunking these hacks!
No problems with gmo that just fix specific issues, i'm against however gmo's where they remove reproductive capabilities making the plants/seeds sterile. That's a recipe for disaster imo and just plain greedy from companies.
That chocoalate thing is actually something I've been doing since I was a kid, except that I've never used a microwave, but wrapped the whole thing in alu foil and put it on the barbecue (whenever we have one) for dessert. I guess it depends on whether you like the taste of cooked banana with melted chocolate -- if you don't, it is pretty pointless...
GMO’s and modified foods are great, no reason to be scared or hate positive development
These are getting more and more ridiculous
This, and of course other things like golden rice, is the reason I fully support the use of genetic modification of crops. A lot of people rely on these crops for their livelihood. Thanks for bringing awareness to that!
I'd rather have a genetically modified banana than no banana at all. So happy that there are people like James Dale that are working hard to solve this problem for the rest of us.
weird to see a channel that focuses on debunking false claims, and then takes sponsor money from NordVPN
thank you for adding and taking the time to research ur so cool for that!
What was the occasional meowing/chirping in the background between 24:14 - 25:15? Do they have a bird or a kitty? Maybe a puppy?
SimplyBenlogical manifest yourself ✨
Dave is the hero again
I always learn to wrap each banana completely in vita rap an the let them be in a cold room or the refrigerator..
I’m not worried about GMOs at all.  I think it’s a silly thing to worry about.
Reckon they got confused between a banana and banana blossom (which is used a lot in vegan/veggie cooking lol)?
At this point I would believe anything Ann says
“Even monkeys peel bananas” 😂
Is it just me or did the banana coated beads look like they were getting even darker than the control?
Fun fact bannas are so inbred they cant reproduce.
Hi! Nice video as usual, my kids and I love these debunking ones. Just one issue about the banana types at the end of your video. You said there aren’t other kinds of edible bananas. Here in Malaysia we grow cavendish bananas, but mostly for export. Not too many people eat them because they aren’t the best. Google types of bananas in Malaysia and you’ll see, we have so many!! Tiny bananas, medium bananas, bananas good for cooking, etc. so many!! Finger bananas, red bananas, etc etc. I read that the cavendish is the choice for export and for US because consumers like big perfect looking bananas.
Just one bad sunburn as a kid or teen? :^) rip me and my near 3rd degree burns
I am fine with GMOs, what I consider the real problem is big companies (like Monsanto) patenting genetically modified seeds so that farmers can’t replant them, and charging high prices for yearly licensing.
i feel so grossed out by looking at you touching those soft wobbly bananas
https://youtu.be/w8I1m1n-7Lg react please
If wild bananas are inmune, then we technically can domesticate it again once the fungus goes away. GMO cn help fasten the process, but doing it the old fashion way is what I would prefer.
This reminds me of a old Disney channel segment called pass the plate. One of the recipes was to take a banana, wrap it in foil and bake it and it would turn into yummy caramelized banana. No, it made burnt yucky warm banana soup. Never trying that again.
Slicing open a banana and placing chocolate chips and mini marshmallows into the opening, then heating, is an old Girl Scout camp treat! We fix up the banana, wrap it in aluminum foil, and toss it into the hot--not flaming--wood/charcoal for a short ti,e-- just enough to soften the 3 things. A great treat!
I'm down for some GMO.
In Alaska we call those "Banana Boats" and it's a camping recipe! Split a banana, stuff it with chocolate chips and mini marshmallows, then wrap it in foil, then place it near the embers in the fire pit.
not just a debunker, baker, but also an armchair detective.
the pens are worth like $3 each
Not sure if others have commented, but the one where they microwave the banana with chocolate is very similar to something made by a lot of people on camping trips in the USA.  We slice open the banana and then you add add stuf f such as chocolate chip (or other baking chips), marshmallows, nuts, coconut, or whatever else you have laying around that sounds good.  wrap in Aluminium foil and put in the coals for a few minutes.  It is a fun camping dessert to do with kids.  Each person makes their own so they can make a banana mess they like.
There's only one true banana hack: Got brown bananas? Make banana bread. Banana bread's good  Also, I'm just gonna jump into the breach for good ol' wilgubeast. I've tracked down the studies, a)"Relationship between browning and the activities of polyphenoloxidase and phenylalanine ammonia lyase in banana peel during low temperature storage" from Postharvest Biology and Technology, b) "FRUIT AND VEGETABLES: ENZYMIC BROWNING" by the Institute of Food Science and Technology, and c) "Ethylene" by Margaret Sauter of Hamburg University. a) mentions " As [chilling injuries] developed, [enzyme] activities in the peel increased, and total free phenolics decreased." b) "[W]hen the fruit is sliced, or squashed, or when the fruit or vegetable begins to break down with age, the enzymes come into contact with oxygen in the air." and c) "Many climacteric fruits such as apple, banana and tomato show a strong increase in ethylene levels at the late green or breaker stage. [...] Ethylene levels are especially high in the separating tissues resulting in abscission of the fruit. [...] Biotic and abiotic stresses frequently result in formation of ethylene. [...] Ethylene is neither actively transported nor degraded." So, there's definitely a thread that could be spun from those cherry-picked quotes, and the statement that there's no mention of bananas isn't _quite_ right (if I'm assuming correctly that Ann's referring to the Hamburg study, they explicitly mention bananas, that the enzyme concentrates around broken tissue and that it doesn't spread inside the banana). Not saying I'd agree with it when it's demonstrably not a feasible way to preserve bananas, but I can see how the idea formed. Sorry for being so nitpicky, but I'm just a sucker when it comes to scavenger hunts like finding badly sourced articles xD  PS: Oh real quick, the first article also explains why bananas turn brown quicker in the cold, quote: "The results indicate that low temperature stress induced concerted activities of PAL and PPO, which resulted in browning."
10:39 true
If anything, I'd say the banana beads are even darker.
About the modified bananas: I am against genetically modified fruits, but having a modified one is better than not having bananas at all anymore.
Thank you for explaining about the banana process and the problem with the disease. I would eat the genetically modified banana because it uses other banana plants/cells to produce it. I have a problem with genetically modified foods when they take something completely foreign to the fruit/vegetable, like sea creatures, without being aware of the side effects. But to be honest, the thought that castoreum is still used as a food flavouring in America and is only labelled "natural flavouring" horrifies me.
This reason that diseases are so good at wiping out bananas is because bananas aren't grown from seeds. Indeed, most cultivated bananas aren't fertile. We instead clone them, and because they're clones, and therefore exact copies of the original plant, they can't evolve to build up a resistance to the diseases. So yeah, the best option is to just genetically modify bananas in order to build up a resistance to it.  As you mention, wild bananas are chock a block full of seeds. Because the job of a banana is to convince a chimp to crack open a yellow one with the boys and shit them out, not to give humans a tasty snack.
With regards to GMOs, I think the dichotomy of ecology and technology is a false one. The use of GMOs isn't much different from other ways which humans have been using to interface with plants and animals for thousands of years. And so the question becomes how one would define "technology" and if it's possible for humans to interact with "nature" without creating a "technology" The problem really comes when companies like Monsanto use this technology in ways that create horrible situations for people in the name of their own profit (copyrighting Genes and such). There is also this issue of preserving genetic diversity, which is the issue that killed the gros menage banana, is is currently killing the Cavendish. The banana crops have become genetically homogenous and vulnerable because of selective breeding, and if we can save people from starvation by doing a targeted rapid version of selective breeding than we should obviously do it.
The banana aloe photoshoped photo is a hate crime
Ann, I love you, so many debunking videos just focus on the results and not telling people why they don't work, you're entertaining, funny and you don't get too academic so you're not off putting for people who find that intimidating.  I really think you've perfected the debunking video format.
my thoughts on GMOs, they are fine, with the exception of some seed patent monopolies they allow in the united states.
I freezed a banana once just to try it... black skins and liquid middle.
Technically selective breeding of plants and animals(in the past and nowadays) is GMO. This is something that has been around for thousands of years.
Aren't all get and fruit genetically modified? Like avocados used to have a rock hard she'll and basically all seed no flesh
Banana Gate!
Dave's guardian angel deserves a raise for all this OT.
Is it only me but do you hear something like squeaking or whistling at 24:00 to 25:00 about that range
At my work, we have to take the bananas out of the plastic bags they come in or they ripen wayyy too fast.
Family loves bananas.  We are here for the genetically modified food
I've actually tried the chocolate banana dessert in the oven- if you put graham crackers too it tastes good
4:40 I fact checked this claim and uh it's not entirely accurate "While experts often focus on childhood sunburns as the primary risk factor for CM, our pooled analyses found increased risk of CM for sunburns experienced in adolescent, adult and lifetime number of sunburns as well as childhood. However, analyses per decade suggest a stronger association if individuals continue to experience sunburns at the same rate per decade into adulthood, and thus over a lifetime. Ultimately, these pooled data show that sunburns, regardless of timing, affect the risk of CM." https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2873840/ *CM = Cutaneous Melanoma  In short, sunburn at any point in life increases the risk of melanoma. Frequency seems to be a stronger factor than timing.
GMO doesn't really make a difference... either ways, the stuff we eat anyways is already modified.
I have some doubts about some of these recepies, please check it out: https://youtu.be/IFe6ag34eMg
Thank you SO much for calling out the sunscreen one as being dangerous.  My mom died from melanoma, so I take sun/skin health very seriously.  This "hack" made me angry.
We have a thing in my family where you slice a banana in half, put chocolate chips in it and then marshmallows on top and bake it. The banana gets 'slightly' soft (not mush) and it's really good. <3
back in girlscouts we did the thing where you put chocolate in the banana and heated it, but we put wrapped it in tinfoil and put it in the fire instead of microwaving it. we called em "banana shoes" cuz the slit cut to put the chocolate in made the peels kinda look like shoes
When she bought all these bananas she was one of those people you read about in math problems
I’m totally ok with gmo
Not only meat has protein so it isn't necessarily trying to be a meat substitute
Im missing two things, more or less.  i used to work in a fruit store so im extra curious and or staunch about these.  1; putting bananas with other fruits makes the other fruits ripen faster  2, the proper way (dumb, i know) to open a banana is from the "bottom" by for example pinching the pip off  3, bananas, like garlic, is better/more tasteful when its bruised prior to ingestion  To combine two and three you need to smash it on a surface softly with the seed downwards and the banana will magically open in the middle, bruised like garlic and extra bananay  ♡
Banana Boats are the more common version of the microwaved one. You cut open the top and put chocolate and marshmallow pieces in and wrap it in aluminum foil. Typically its a camping treat so you put it in the fire near the coals for a minute or two and its done!
Would you consider doing a video about taste/smell lost because of COVID-19? (possible reasons why and possible solutions?) I read a little about how to train your nose to smell again, but I couldn't find very much from reliable sources. Love your content, you're awesome!
Honestly, GMOs are gonna happen, we're just speeding up the adaptation process basically. I don't understand when people get so angry about it, talking like scientists are pushing chemicals into our foods, which they aren't. Humans are just skipping steps in adaption for things, we did it in dogs but no one questions that. If you're going to argue that humans won't be able to eat the food due to the changes you forget we're humans, we adapt too and we've adapted to eating several foods. In fact, we're on the path of having poisonous bites due to the bacteria in our mouths so changes won't stop us. Edit: To clear things up since someone noted my bad phrasing, by poisonous I meant it is reacting like poison in the human body, kinda. Our mouths are creating a culture of bacteria that are becoming similar to the Komodo Dragon, which some people call their saliva "poison". We ain't becoming acid-spitters here, just a stranger's bad wording. Also, always research new fun facts and don't fully believe strangers right away cause I ain't no expert in this field! I won't be using correct phrases so go find some nice peer-reviewed research that will!
This woman is single handedly (well and with the help of Dave 😂) taking on against massive companies devoted to spreading misinformation for revenue. You're a role model!
Bananas last longer if you store them in the refrigerator.
We’ve been genetically modifying plants and animals for centuries through selective breeding. Now we can be more precise, bananas can beat a disease and golden rice could save hundreds of thousands of lives and loads of other cool stuff I can’t think of right now, but can’t be bothered to look up.   The only real downside is the potential for people to circumvent checks and balances, carry out sloppy research, be poorly regulated in the first place or fund politicians who will reduce regulation for you, or straight up fabricate data, or bribe people, or a load of shit I can’t think of right now!  But the point is all of those risks exist in all human endeavour. Genetically modified food exists, it’s now among the things we have created. We can’t go back, so all we are left with is how we manage it, like any other knowledge or resource.   Sadly, we don’t seem to have a great track record when it comes to managing our resources, but I think we are getting better. Too slowly, but better, and GM food seems to be a good contender for part of the solution.
Another wonderful video, dear Anne. 🌻 Just one quick note regarding eating fruit peel: the insectizides and pesticides they use for bananas, citrus fruits etc can not be washed off. Those substances penetrate the outer layer of the peel, so you just shouldn't eat it.
In sweden it’s quite common to eat bananas filled with chocolate like that when you’re out camping or something like that. So you cut along the banana and fill it with chocolate, but instead of microwaving it you put it in aluminium foil and cook it over an open fire! I think it tastes good, but maybe it’s more the experience than the actual food
Honestly "even monkeys peel bananas" should be a modern proverb meaning something like "don't make things more difficult than they need to be"
How many people she  cout 🤔
No to GMOs everytime for me. Like 3D printed foods thats a craze too. 🙄🙄. Thanks for your vids.
My mom loves letting me watch your videos because they're educational and make sense. She protecc (people who could potentially do something stupid and die because of these "hacks") She attacc (5-minute crafts and Dave's taste buds lol) But most importantly *She makes recipes for delicious snaccs*
Banana  can help soothe already burnt skin. It does not  Protect against the sun.  5 min craft got it wrong there... as well as other places.
We make the banana boats when camping but add marshmallows
Is there a kitten meowing in the background on the second half of this video? I had to pause to see if there was a lost kitten outside that needed saving, but alas, the meowing was only on screen.
So what I come up from all this is that I should store my bananas in the wine fridge.
*How To Fix A Dead Puppy*  Step One: Place dead puppy in a bowl with a banana. Step Two: Cover bowl with plastic wrap and set aside. Step Three: After 48 hours, remove live puppy from bowl and discard banana (or save it for later use treating either warts or cancer). Step Four: Give your children the puppy and tell them to blow their noses and stop crying.  (NOTE: For dead kittens, use an apple instead of a banana.)
I don't really care about GMOs in my food but I also grew up with them cause we can't afford free range kosher organic non GMO food. Its either GMO or bed
Thank you for another well researched debunking video with bonus lesson about the banana supply chain. Your hard work to educate the internet is greatly appreciated.
As far as GMO goes, isn't corn completely GMO?  From what I've read, corn was cultivated from wild plants hundreds of years ago.  Humans have long tinkered with plants and animals in attempts to improve or create something new.  Does that make it different or less harmful than current GMO practices?  And who decides who is allowed to create a new species or new plant strain?
Thank you for another wonderful video. I appreciate it. I made banana flavored whipped cream from a zombie banana this week. Then I turned it into a light chocolate banana moose. I've been inspired to create recipes again, thank you.
The chocolate banana thing is similar to a thing we do in america (usually on camping trips) called a banana boat. Just slice down the side, stuff it with chocolate chips and marshmallows, wrap it in foil, and leave it on hot coals for a bit. It's like a banana s'more and so delicious.
Banana peel has a bit more natural latex than the mana so if you are allergic please beware.
I hope they apply this science to the michel banana, I really want to have those
One of my old coworkers was also a farmer, and he had a good rant when I asked him about organic farming: "on a global scale a food shortage is one of the largest killers in the world, people starve to death every day, we complain about the food being expensive, and farmers barely make enaugh to support themselves (case in point he had 80 pigs and still worked nightshifts as a electrician..) An you want to start growing food the least effective way possible? You wanna use twice the resources to get less food? thats just stupid! I have kinda the same attitude to GMO, if GMO can help us use less resources to grow more food, provided the nutritional values stays the same and so on I think that can only be a good thing.  There's a issue with doing it to animals, but none of the animals we regularly eat is natural anyway, (as in, they would never make it in nature outside of human intervention..  So as long at it doesn't cause the animal real suffering, like some breeding does I'm ok with it..
NICE HAIRSTYLE DAVE!
Given that the Cavendish banana is already so heavily modified for human consumption via artificial selection, I really don't see a problem with using tech-based horizontal gene transfer to give them a resistance to a blight.  The thing that would worry me is that if private companies are allowed to patent that one scientist's work, they would use it as yet another profit vector through which to extract more money from the labor and resources of those communities that rely on banana farming.  I can easily see large companies suing to keep those farmers from propagating the plants themselves without licenses from the corporation, and lobbying the power of the states those people live in to force the issue.
I don't have an issue with GMOs conceptually, but I don't think it's a good idea to use them to create a new monoculture to replace a failing monoculture. Part of it comes from consumer expectations of consistent products, but if we had many different types of bananas, grown where they're best suited and sold where they're most easily shipped, the food supply chain would be much safer. As it is, who is to say the exact same thing won't happen to Cavendish 2.0 that happened to Cavendish 1.0 and the Gros Michel? We don't have this problem with apples because consumers like having varieties. Nothing saying we couldn't foster the same love for other produce.
If you ever wondered why banana flavored candy doesn't really taste like bananas, its because the flavor standard used is  the 1950's Gros Michel that was wiped out.
Half of what we eat is GMO? Like orange carrots aren't like that, and we wouldn't even have Cavendish bananas or Ghost Peppers without genetically modifying them.
For the succulent plant in the banana, those roots were definitely propagated in water. Probably from another plant. Im pretty sure they cut a plant, put that cutting in water, and then chopped those roots off to tape it to the aloe pup. Because that is definitely not how aloe roots normally grow  Also, we have been modifying fruits and other plant based items for decades! Domesticating and cultivating foods to be better is some thing that has been around since the idea of farms began. I'm not sure why people are so opposed to it nowadays
ethylene goes from damaged areas in bigger amounts, as I know a lot of plants do like that, it is one of "plant hormones"
in Venezuela, people do the banana peel recipe and they say it's very tasty, so sometimes (or most or the times) they (have to) replace meat by the banana peel, but the thing is that venezuelan people is going through really hard times.
GMOs are perfectly fine! We've been genetically modifying things since we started growing our own food. Domestication of crops is the same thing as genetic modification, just at a slower pace. You can thank genetic modification for seedless bananas, edible almonds, and wheat, as well as your house pets.
The banana on the beads almost looks like it colored more. Like they seem to have a deeper color
The banana with chocolate inside then heat it is one of my childhood favourites. We did it in boyscouts, put chocolate in the banana, wrap it in aluminum foil and put it in the campfire for 5-10 minutes  Its extra good with some icecream if you wanna try ;) I kinda agree with Dave that in itself you normally wouldn't heat a banana but in this case I think it works.. Been 15 years atleast since I've done it tho, maybe I'll give it a go soon with the kids..
all those plants inside bananas are like "omg kill me! I'm beggin' you!"
Why is no one talking about the random clip of an octopus??? I feel like I'm going crazy
Please if you already ate bananas before then you can stop whining about fruit mutants. Because you have been eating mutants all along!
I think it's AWESOME that they've saved the bananas. Bananas are delicious. For people freaking out about GMOs, bananas already ARE GMOs, we've been cultivating them and selectively breeding them to get the fruit people picture when you say "banana" and not a sad little fruit full of hard seeds.
If you are anti-gmo bananas then you just can't eat bananas sorry not sorry.
Banana boats are much better when you foil cook them over a fire and add marshmallows with chocolate!
Your audio is incredibly quiet which forces raising the volume up that is very painful when the multiple mid-roll ads appear.
I loved the fascinating info about bananas.  Thank you so much for that!  Re: GMO bananas.  I guess I'm not as anti GMO as I thought I was.  I'd eat a GMO banana, as long as the taste and texture weren't compromised.
I don't mind gmo at all. I think it's an amazing miracle of modern science.
‘Even monkeys peel 🍌 🍌🍌bananas’ 😂😂😂😂 I really love his remarks of these gross life hacks  n devilious dishes 💀
I have a slight allergy to bananas. Kinda sucks cause I do like then. Usually have them in a sandwich with peanut butter and honey
Something doesn't add up. Sunscreen like the one she used works by being absorbed into the skin, which wouldn't happen with plastic beads. I'd be more convinced if she used a mineral sunscreen which uses a physical barrier. Very sus
Are you kidding?! Zombie bananas are the best for making chocolate banana brownies!
Gmo crops absolutely have their place in food imo  Especially when they're yk Preventing a fruit to go extinct and help keep a food shortage at bay
For my thoughts on GMO, people misunderstand the different kinds of genetically modifying and lump them all together. It should be obvious to anyone that even imperfect, this sort of banana-saving research is also LIFE-saving research and very important. (Genetic modifying really is just a more purified form of selective breeding in a lot of ways, anyway.) They should not be mad about this! The kind of GMOs I think people should be upset about are "seedless" and "exclusive" breeds that companies like Monsanto make, as well as the whole concept of "seed copyright" and what have you. GMOs can absolutely be dangerous or used to hurt people, but the problem with that is in the companies doing it deliberately, and not in the whole concept of genetically modifying an organism. We've been doing that in one form or another for as long as selective breeding has existed, after all.
GMO issue is basically a non-starter... Every crop and cultivar we eat are GMO. In fact the wild banana you showed illustrates this very well. The difference is that we're now actively putting in the genes we want instead of waiting for mutations and then selecting based on the ones we want. Its still mostly the same process, the difference being we're speeding it up by decades or even centuries.  Portugal (Madeira Island) actually has a different-ish banana cultivar from the regular ones. I've seen it described as a Dwarf Cavendish (and it is basically a smaller, sweeter version of regular bananas).
I actually think that GMFs are beneficial because it benefits us far more than it harms us. Many fruits and vegetables could've been gone extinct if we didn't have such technology. Also you can modify a plant's genetics to make it taste/look better. I wouldn't want to eat a tasteless or ugly looking fruit myself (sorry for body-shaming fruits). Yes, it might cause some health problems rarely, but GMFs help farmers earn more money since plants are their main source of money. I wouldn't mind the possible health problems. I don't even want to make it past 40 so yeah. we stan GMFs <3<3<3
Hi :) I'm a follower from Costa Rica. Actually we grow bananas and plantains. The root problem with deseases is monoculture. If we keep growing bananas in huge monocultures, we will always have a new desease every now and then... that's how it always has been in our history. We don't need expensive bio tech, we need Global North banana lovers to stop buying bananas from unsustainable semi slavery plantations.
Is Dave a Powderworker? Didn't get a good look at his T-shirt
Personally I don't mind GMOs except for crops like Roundup-Ready corn, where the GM is done just so they can be loaded full of pesticides
Evolution is a process when something better adapted to current conditions is thriving, when weak varietes are slowly decreasing. In my opinion GMO is human controlled evolution with turbo speed.
When she shoede the spocore i save my country Latvia
The bananas we eat today are already GMO, so it doesn't matter. Pretty much every fruit or vegetable we eat nowadays has gone through the GMO process, at least some un-natural selection/domestication that has been going for 100s of years. P.S. it actually made me wonder if there is any fruit or vegetable that is exactly same as the natural one. Let me know if you know one. Wild strawberries and blueberries come to mind, but they are not sold in shops, instead they sell their bigger domesticated/GMO versions.
I prefer my bananas slightly overripe.  When they get too ripe, they usually end up as banana bread or banana ice-cream 😋
So, technically, almost every cultivated plant we now have has been genetically modified on some level. Personally, I don’t worry about it.
When I was in high school I had to do a essay about GMO and how it can effect things and from it I decided that GMO plants are ok as long as the good out ways the bad
I was absolutely shocked by the number of these I'd heard not online, but as "old wives tales" from friends and stuff and just assumed were correct. O_O Goes to show you should really fact check anything.
I’m personally not opposed to GMO bananas 🍌  Most vegs and fruits sold in supermarkets now days are one way or another modified. Specially the staples such as wheat, rice corn, etc... Be it chemically or genetically anyway afaik. So adding bananas to that list to keep these endangered bananas we all know and love secure in the future to come and onwards should be a no brainer. So long as they keep several of it’s original seeds safe and sound in seed vaults we now are fortunate to have now days to keep it’s bio diversity ie: fauna and flora of this wonderful planet of ours secured for it’s future inhabitants ie: student and researchers and or alike. So yeah, save em’ bananas I say! 👍🏼  ‘nother under appreciated Aussie scientist making a massive contribution imho. I would rather hear about this kind of news rather than the overexposed corona, USA politics, etc... topics these past year now tbh.  Gr8 video as always HTCT! Always learning something new every time I watch your vids 👌🏼 tyvm for that which earns a +👍🏼 per video I watch and a sub long ago from me personally.
Lol my grandparents use the plastic wrap around the too of there bananas ima go tell them that it doesn’t work
She Prottac , she makes Snaccs but most importantly she wants to ban 5-minutes craft ;)
Don't know whether anyone noticed the bird singing in the background around 25:00
Wait ... you didnt like the cooked banana ?? When it got to that part with the chocolate and the banana i thought "yes!" But maybe its just the way we cook it is good ?  When we do a barbecue for pudding we peel the banana, cut it down the middle but not completely in half, just enough so you can stick chocolate buttons in the slit then wrap it on tinfoil and leave it to cook for about 20 mins on the dying heat heat of the bbq. I promise it is very good especially served with ice cream
The Monkey Burger.
@HowToCookThat You are 100% wrong about the "Zombie" banana hack. They did NOT use erasable ink. The trick to this is just freezing the banana long enough that it starts to turn brown. Then use the hair drier to warm it up and it goes back to yellow again (For a few hours at least). Your channel is starting to turn into those fake ones, like you are making fun of....
My opinion on GMO: they can be used to exploit farmers as they can be forced to continuously but the seeds and can make it so people are basically trapped in a viscous cycle of buying the expensive seed and allows the creator to profit and isn’t sustainable for the grower. However, if it isn’t used as a way for the creator to profit massively (i don’t have an issue with making some money you’ve got to make a living some how) and exploit the grower I don’t have an issue with it
"I don't know the purpose of that"  It's 5 minute crafts they just make random stuff to attract views
I always thought that hanging bananas was simply a convenient way to store them for easy grabbing. It can be awkward to move a bunch of round items (apples, citrus, etc) out of the way to get one off the hand. That's why I got a fruit bowl with a banana hanger.
I am a big fan of Ann Reardon and think she does an excellent job for science education and debunking through these videos. I have to say, though, I'm a little disappointed by her noncommittal stance on GMOs here. I think she set up well to make a hard point on the safety and importance of GMOs in our world, and make people question their fears. GMO is a process, a tool. It's no more inherently harmful than Mendel messing around with his peas. And, thus far, there have been no safety concerns with any commercialized GMO-made crops.  GMOs are important and can do so much good in the world. The idea that our bananas are "natural" and new ones would be made from "playing god" is a fallacy. There's a reason that Cavendish bananas don't have seeds, and grow to be large and sweet, and it's certainly not from random chance. We've selectively bred them to be that way, which is as "unnatural" as adding in a gene that will let many continue have access to this important crop.  Ann, you're an amazing person and I love the job you're doing! I hope you read this and think a little more in depth about the importance of GMOs! (Also, a really great article that goes through a lot of these points in more depth: https://jcom.sissa.it/sites/default/files/documents/JCOM_1504_2016_Y01.pdf)
I used to work at Whole Foods, I was once almost denied a promotion for a pro-GMO stance. GMOs are how are able to feed whole nations that would otherwise exist in a perpetual state of famine.
I see a lot of banana bread in your future! ;-)
My grandparents tied a banana to a hook for 2 months, and after that, there was banana juice all over the floor, there was an ant infestation, and the wooden floors started to rot. Don't do this at home, kids!
I just learned SO MUCH! Thank you
I think with GMO, the way the US wants things labelled is part of the problem.  Lab GMO is usually what concerns people (as opposed to assisted cross breeding + active selection), but in the US labelling requirements mean that regardless of method if you change the DNA it's GMO, but it's not well regulated. Many producers thusly use GMO free on their packaging regardless of where it's being exported to, and some things that were modified using non lab techniques are vilified. I'm from the US, tldr we ruin everything 😆
1:54 that plant is obviously fake! its too shiny so its plastic
Did the beads with the bananas actually look brighter
All you GMO lovers please stop telling people who understand how bad they are that there idiots as Monsanto the company behind them have sued and destroyed the lives of small farmers GMO crops have been linked to the mass dieing of needed pollinating bees dont cement to me how misinformed I am as I do know about agricultural and no they never genedicly modified food hundreds of years ago they used selective breading and also and guess what Monsanto is also the makers of pesticides and herbicides do you really want a chemical company that there product causes cancer and still alowed to sell it to be in charge of the food you eat FYI I will not read rude response from GMO lovers
P-People do realize that ALL bananas are genetically modified right? They don't have seeds for a reason... People aren't as dumb to believe that bananas grow without seeds in the wild *right?* I-...  All bananas that you eat are infertile, genetic mutants made in a lab... If you hate GMO I recommend just not eating bananas in general...
Leeellll the banana part with chocolate it's from Greece
I really like how far you've come from the first life hack expose video. The research and the variety of things you cover truly makes its such a good watch!
As long as you have no banana plant in your own garden do not eat the peel. They are treated with A LOT of pesticides, fungicides and whatevercides Monsanto, Bayer and Syngenta can manufacture.
About the banana with chocolate in the microwave: Here in Germany you usually put those on the grill or into (the edge of) a campfire. I really like it.
While GMO may not be favored by a lot of people, as long as our world population continues to grow at its current rate we need to find ways to mass produce the food everyone and every animal needs to survive.
Interesting I happened to watch this today I came across a scientific anecdote that I followed up to find that it was nowhere near a fact. Lack of evidence is so common on the internet. It’s so frustrating when places don’t offer references or have references to another click bait article. I think we should be teaching our kids how to carry out rigorous research by following through references and understanding what a trustworthy source typically looks like.
5:49 yikes, not only are the UV beads colourful but they're somehow darker than the beads by themselves
The banana experiment was soooo interesting!!
Can you please check out so yummy's cook book....!! That will be amazing if you did thank you
when your allergic to bananas ;(  (i am if you didn't notice)
No way Greeks can do life hacks too    Ναι μπορουν
Dave looks younger and healthier here.
I was camping recently and put bananas in the same box as my bread rolls. Lets just say on hamburger night the hamburgers had an interesting flavour to them. Lesson learnt.
Now for an actual banana hack: if you're like me and enjoy bananas with green ends, the stems are sometimes a huge pain to open. Dig your fingernail into the other end of the banana and peel from there. It will open so much easier.
I am a chemistry master student and we get a lot of talks about current research. One of the big questions that someone asked during a lecture about genetically modified cyanobacteria for biofuel production about the risk of these GMOs negatively effecting the environment. This professor said that many GMOs are actually designed to not survive outside of the environment they are modified to survive in. They always add a fail safe.  This is of course bacteria and not a plant. I'm not a biologist by any means, but I can see the merits of GMO. I think this technology can allow us to solve issues like this. We can use these to help maintain biodiversity. I think a lot of people are worried about the impact of these foods on them or the environment. All they are doing is adding pieces of DNA to change how the cells act. They are tested and done in a controlled manner. It takes years for this stuff to come onto the market. And, like I said earlier, they are also often modified with a fail safe to help maintain biodiversity if the GMO is a crop or bacteria. Scientists are really not trying to kill people or the environment here. Promise
"Even monkeys peel bananas"
I appreciate the new video, but is your mic setup okay? The audio seems quiet.
People who are anti-GMO often don’t understand it.
I don't understand people who are anti GMO as every fruit, vegetable and even animal we eat have been selectively bred for certain genes which is a kind of genetic modification. inserting a gene into a genome "artificially" just saves years worth of time to create a product with a desirable quality like, for example, disease resistance.
The cut banana with choclate in it is a legit thing; But pref to do it over a fireplace wrapped with tinfoil. Used to do this a ton in the Scouts. Its AMAZING.
Your videos are so well researched and educational while still being such an easy watch! Awesome :-)
12:44 I think he just made a video with fresh banana and made it a reverse video to show that you can use a hairdryer to make it from black to yellow but in reality yellow to black because even when you bake a banana it turn from yellow to black but not from black to yellow due to heat
i thought  the hairdryer one is played backwards ~
Hey Anne! Could you please do another one of 200 year old recipe?? It is my favourite series!
14:38 seriously? people throw out delicious Bananas because they don't look nice? I personally only black Bananas and I purposely wait until the inside is black, not the outside, it just tastes better, sweeter, softer, less starchy texture.
GMOs are the future of food. It's time we stop demonising crops that are modified to be more resistant. If the nutritional characteristics are preserved and it makes those crops more viable and needing less pesticides, I really don't see the issue.
From what I know, GMOs are the most controlled crops, and have been around for a long time, without any research showing they are bad. However, because of companies like Monsanto, they are seen in a bad light, Monsanto doesn't develop GMOs with better nutrient density, they just make them resistant to their own atrocious pesticides, and media does the rest. GMOs should be much more discussed, because they might suppose creating perfect crops, not only environmentally but also nutritionally.
i use to buy into the pro-organic/anti-GMO arguments until i started doing research on the topic. i can no longer hold those opinions; nor use certain words any more (ie detox and other inappropriate medical terms for perceived evils/wrongs of a lot of the population). i know Jeff Holiday and Myles Powers both have some great videos on these topics and i highly recommend watching them...  also, i find it interesting that one of the regional chain supermarkets wraps the ends of the bananas on display...
We've been GMO-ing food since the invention of farming.
Put a banana in your ear
1:50 Holy moly they were like a mm away from slicing their little finger right there. Very responsible cutting technique... not.  Edit: Also, can I just say even if the plastic wrap theory WAS true, look how much plastic waste you're creating (unless you kept reusing the same bit but I bet most wouldn't). At that point I feel like you're still better wasting the banana which can at least be composted, rather than sheets of plastic wrap which would take hundreds of years to degrade. Much better option if your bananas go overly ripe is just shove them in the freezer and use them in smoothies and cooking! No banana waste then :D
Vaccines /GMO done for the right reasons = evolution. GMO done wrong (to suppress seeds for $$$) /anti Vax = backward
When Dave said, "It's been a long year" We all felt that.  Hahahaha
I'm very certain insulin is extracted from a GMOd plant!
GMOd food might be ok because it's the sprays they bung on(round up) that had bothered me not the GMOing.
Important banana varieties cultivated in different states of India :     State     Varieties grown  Andhra Pradesh  -  Dwarf Cavendish, Robusta, Rasthali, Amritpant, Thellachakrakeli, Karpoora Poovan, Chakrakeli, Monthan and Yenagu Bontha  Assam  -  Jahaji (Dwarf Cavendish), Chini Champa, Malbhog, Borjahaji (Robusta), Honda, Manjahaji, Chinia (Manohar), Kanchkol, Bhimkol, Jatikol, Digjowa, Kulpait, Bharat Moni  Bihar  -  Dwarf Cavendish, Alpon, Chinia , Chini Champa, Malbhig, Muthia, Kothia , Gauria  Gujarat  -  Dwarf Cavendish, Lacatan, Harichal (Lokhandi), Gandevi Selection, Basrai, Robusta, G-9, Harichal, Shrimati  Jharkhand  -  Basrai, Singapuri  Karnataka  -  Dwarf Cavendish, Robusta, Rasthali, Poovan, Monthan, Elakkibale  Kerala  -  Nendran (Plantain), Palayankodan (Poovan), Rasthali, Monthan, Red Banana, Robusta  Madhya Pradesh  -  Basrai  Maharashtra  -  Dwarf Cavendish, Basrai, Robusta, Lal Velchi, Safed Velchi, Rajeli Nendran, Grand Naine, Shreemanti, Red Banana  Orissa  -  Dwarf Cavendish, Robusta, Champa, Patkapura (Rasthali)  Tamil Nadu  -  Virupakshi, Robusta, Rad Banana, Poovan, Rasthali, Nendran, Monthan, Karpuravalli, Sakkai, Peyan, Matti  West Bengal  -  Champa, Mortman , Dwarf Cavendish, Giant Governor, Kanthali, Singapuri
My issues with gmos are how they’re used. If they’re used to create sterile crops so that farmers have to keep buying them every year, they’re a scam. If they’re created to be resistant to herbicides, so that the farms can spray crops with Agent Orange (Roundup)  to kill non- crop plants, please keep that poison off my food.
Even monkeys peel banana😂😂😂😂
I love cooked banana!
The whole GMO = bad is due to irresponsible reporting by the media and their tireless barrage of BS. The kind of thing that Ann debunks in these videos.
As a biologist, I understand what GMO is so I'm not scared of it and hope that it will be used more often because genetic engineering is a great approach for solving global problems
I love these types of videos so much!!
Banana peel naturally contains saponins, can cause gastrointestinal distress in large amounts https://pdfs.semanticscholar.org/647e/a3c686122aab2a961e18b3a8281dd5aa33de.pdf
Done can you give me a shout  love you I love your blog and I am 13 I love to cook and you make its easy and make it happen
What I'd love is for the resistance genes to be put into some of the old variety of banana plants-- I've heard there are some still around, just not enough for a wide-scale industry. And artificial banana flavor is supposedly a better imitation of those bananas than most artificial fruit flavors are of the fruit they're meant to represent. I'd really like to be able to test for myself, see if that's true, potentially have bananas that aren't bland and boring like the current variety often seem to me... Even if they aren't actually anything like the artificial banana flavor, it would still be great for a number of reasons to not be relying completely on a single variety of bananas, which we pretty much are, aren't we?
From my experience having worked in the food industry, GMOs at least in my opinion represent a crucial solution to food security from the point of view of plants and vegetables. We need to understand that some plants often face the threat of extinction or are classified as poor yield crops that have been revived with the help of genetic modification. I do believe that legislation and regulations should help ensure good practices, however, with the current scenario we face, without GMOs, the entire global population will break down if crops are not resistant to newer virus strains.
I read somewhere that keeping the bananas connected as a bunch slowed the aging process, and that if you wanted a banana off the bunch to ripen quicker to eat it, you just separated it from the bunch.  I suppose this follows the same logic of keeping tomatoes on the vine when you take them from the plant as the tomatoes still think they're on the plant and don't start going off.  I've never found it works particularly with bananas though.
I really don´t believe that the banana´s protect you from UV light, but do those beeds really react to UV-B? ( the dangerous UV light)? or only to UV-A (sorry if my english is bad)
You hang the banana so it think its still hanging on the tree and stays fresh longer lmao. Still gives me a good chuckle.
I wish people would get over their GMO concerns. With GMO we could fix up damage done to the environment. For example; use low water uptake genes on crops like rice, so there's more water in the river system & less crop destruction during dry seasons.  Oh & the bananas in Australia come from Queensland and wouldn't go on ships. The ripening rooms are in the supermarket distribution centres. They also fail quality control if there's a brown snake in the box, so watch for brown snakes in your bananas XD
Even if you removed the black from the banana peel, it doesn't change the fact that the banana flesh is still overly ripe 🤷‍♀️
Bananas at my place usually go fully used.  Even if they become "Zombie bananas" I basically convert them into a milkshake and the peels are sent to my compost pit
The seeds banana was wild
Even monkeys peel bananas !
GMO all the way
14:00 that's a common camping snack in Canada. I've heard them called Banana Boats after the sunscreen brand.
Thanks for testing  and wasting lots of banana btw can u check this one out http://www.youtube.com/shorts/76wUe3e8SHI
Bananas are tea kettles, all the gas comes out the stem XD
There are positives to GMO foods, but I don’t like it when they’re patented and made to control small farmers. So, all I have to say is SAVE THE BANANAS. It is one of my favorite fruits. Especially in cereal and bread!
Ok. so will it remain fresh both outside and inside, if we put them in a plastic bag with an apple and place that in refrigerator?? Just curious
even nature is getting in on the biodegradable food packaging business
The chocolatey banana is actually a quite common dessert dish in Sweden, especially if you're on a forest hike and start a fire. Then you wrap it in aluminium foil and put it in the embers for the banana to cook and the chocolate to melt. We call it "Scout Banana".
Love your nails 💅🏻😊
Let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try. LOL.
Me who has brown skin: sunburn who? (brown ppl do get sunburns but less often as compared to fair skinned ppl.)
For me some things just need to be gmo for us or just for the planet itself. The banana case shows that not only we don't want to waste the source of income but also we don't want the soil to get wasted. You can't just say gmo is bad and leave it as it is, sometimes it's good, sometimes it may be bad, it depends on what exactly we're doing and what for
The probability of the cavendish banana going extinct like the Gros michel is exactly why monoculture is bad. Almost every country has a seed gene bank where a store of all native seeds of a country (and any seed that works for a country's specific climates) are stored and yet, especially in America, we don't rely on the diverse seeds or many types of crops. Instead, our foods all look the same across the nation, and occasionally, world-- foods such as carrots, oranges, potatoes, corn, tomatoes, apples, etc. There's less and less diversity and if a disease comes along, it can easily wipe out a monocultured plant (like the gros michel banana) on a global scale before we can figure out a treatment. And the problem with that, apart from loss of land/soil, and jobs, is by that point, a country may have become so dependant on that monocultured food as a resource that there's is no proper replacement and it will affect food accessibility. Plantains and bananas are absolutely necessary to some communities because they are cheap and nutritious. If the plant was wiped out, people might struggle to find a replacement in their diet for the same price and nutritional range. So this problem would disproportionately affect low income classes both in taking away their work and their food. Sustainability is such an important topic and as much as I do love to watch you debunk hacks, I'm glad you found time to talk about it in your video.
2 different kinds of aloe- yours was actually propagating itself- hence the tips and thickness. :)
The amount of dishes poor old Dave has been used as a guinea pig for i think he's been given a pass by most illnesses and diseases due to that
I’m really triggered that you said me obsessively wrapping the tops of my bananas isn’t working. Lolololol
Jackfruit is like a meat ..
Isn,t  banana a berry? I mean, realy...
sound mixing is messed up? can't hear it at all.
I have never had a sunburn. What do they feel like? I want to experience one. I’m 23 and never even had a small one. And I don’t use sunscreen
I'd eat that gmo banana so fast and you couldn't tell me anything
All food is GM
About the one where she put chocolate in the banana and microwaved it: "banana boats" are a really popular camping treat (at least where I'm from). You cut open a banana peel and remove about half of the banana, then add marshmallows and chocolate, wrap it in tinfoil, and cook it on the campfire!
The picture of the wild bananas is a cursed image
I learned about Panama disease a few weeks ago from another video. So glad to know that they managed to save our loved Cavendish bananas! But that makes me wonder, what if they did the same to the Gros Michel variety? I would absolutely love to have them both available at stores since they seem to be quite different but still pretty tasty. This is great news for all of us ♥
omg the fake roots were literally sewing thread covered in banana goo
Ok the banana and chocolate hack- don’t use the microwave and put it on the grill (low heat) or at the edge of a camp fire/ fire pit. We stuff ours with all kinds of things like Reese’s, marshmallow, chocolate, caramel filled chocolate, the sky is the limit.
The people who say GMOs give you cancer are the same ones that say climate change isn’t real.
*How to unripen a banana reverse the time lapse footage* 4:18 oh I think a ton of littering might also be from "The dead horse that is life hack channels that are content farms" 7:20 it's like technically telling my the truth but actually twisting it into working for you
I just found a So Yummy vid called 'Snacks when you're bored in the house and you're in the house bored' I have a feeling that one might need some de-bunking! I love your vids btw, I wish I had found you sooner! ❤
I feel bad for the people who watch 5-min crafts, but don't know this channel
This is what GMOs are for. And weren't bananas p much all seedy before people cultivated em? The way watermelons were supposed to have pockets of fruit instead of a big melon, and various other crops. GMOs just speed up that process.   I just hate when GMOs are used by companies like Monsanto to the harm of farmers.
Everyone: talking about bananas and gmo’s Me: is there a cat in the back?
GMO saves crops. Why not?
I don't really get why people have problems with GMOs.
The thing about the leaf shoved in the banana is that in order for it to grow roots it needs a bit of the stem. What they have is just the leaf and petiole, which won’t root in soil or water, let alone a banana.
Between 23 and 25 minutes was there a kitten meowing in the background or am I losing it.also love your videos!
Can anyone else hear a kitten mewing in the background of this video?  I stopped the video a few times to listen, but don't hear it then.  I love the video! I've learned so much about banana's!  🤗
1:30 WAIT NO!! YOU ARENT SUPPOSED TO SPRAY SUCCULENTS!!!!!! (From what I’ve heard)  I think they wilt faster?  My succulent got all bumpy underneath the “petal” thingies?   The internet has taught me many things...  I mean, it had too small of a pot made of cement, was sun burnt (barely turned him), not a lot of drainage... from the pot AND the soil. I’ve since upgraded his home and made  other adjustments and he stemmed to have perked back up just fine! (hopefully there will be a sunny winter this year)   His name is Leo and I bought him at a farmers market around 2 years ago :)   _((I’ve never gushed about succulents before, let alone to the YouTube comment section.. it really is that kind of night tonight.))_
Refrigeration always works best to slow down the bananas turning brown. Interestingly enough, I use this method and feed some banana to my rabbit. She loves them.
Eating the banana peel is quite tasty and lots of vitamins, before covid my husband and i had a catering company that catered to vegan and carnivores and we experimented with the banana peel and it was quite apeeling! :) ty for your videos~ love them!
Get ready for loads of banana bread.  I was gonna say...GMOs today are done in the lab...but thanks to Gregory Mendel we understand that genetically modifying plants  through breeding has produced much of the produce we consume today.  Like you showed with the wild bananas,  we would not have the large edible ones without decades of natural genetic breeding.
GMO is whatever, I mean why go back now when we’re already too far ahead.
GMOs are not nearly as scary as they sound! We’ve been doing it for tens of thousands of years through breeding... It’s just today’s techniques are a little more direct haha. Technically, most ‘organic’ produce is GMO (as long as it resembles ‘normal’ produce!).
The things you "subject" that poor, poor man to !!!  WAY TO GO, DAVE ! LMAO
I have nothing against GMOs, but I think the fear around them comes from general (and IMO justified) distrust of companies. Like, they're telling us GMOs are fine, but they definitely don't have our best interests at heart, so I think to some people it just seems like they're trying to increase profits potentially at our expense. Like, they're saying it's fine but do they really know? Do they really care? Are they sponsoring studies to show that GMOs are safe when they're really not?  From what I know about GMOs I think they're fine (I've heard shady things about Monsanto, more on the side of screwing farmers than screwing food-consumers though), but honestly I can understand some of the distrust around them.
Great video thanks. I think we need to admit that essentially all of our vegetables have been genetically modified, even if it was just as basic as cross pollinating in the very earliest days of farming, humans have worked to control crops to increase production.
My secret for keeping bananas longer: buy the ones that look more green. XD Then when they hit that sweet spot there's like 3 left, so when you blink and they're mostly brown-ish, it's perfect for banana bread. Also GMO is normal for plants; if not for modification we wouldn't have food like we do now. People are confusing GMO with putting steroids in to animals used for meats, which I believe was done to create more meat. Not a scientist or a professional, just going off of memory.
2,000 Australians die from skin cancer each year. 5 Minuet Crafts and everyone else lying about sun care should be fined
I'd like to add that unripe bananas can ripen on their own if they are picked early. However, they don't turn yellow nor are they as sweet as naturally (or artificially) ripened bananas. But if they are picked when they are too young they won't ripen at all.
As long as the banana doesn’t fight back, modify it as much as you want lol.
Anti gmo sentiment is just a massive scar on the intellectual whole of humanity similar to flat earthers and antivaxxers.  All it does is give us better crops and livestock on a faster time scale than cross breeding.  Chickens and corn were never as large as they are now until humans started cultivating and breeding them to be bigger.
The picture of the wild banana scared me
My mom believes the “covering the top of the bananas” life hack. I don’t know where she heard it from but I don’t think I can un-convince her.
I'm going to have nightmares about those wild bananas... They look so creepy!
I think GMO is a good thing, modifying  plants can can make them resistant to bugs that would make less pesticides needed
Ann about a plant: I felt sorry for it :(  Ann about Dave: here's some charcoal for him to eat :)
A lot of the "organic" food we eat has been heavily modified through selective agriculture over thousands of years.. watermelon used to be a bunch of huge seeds as well.. there has to be a middle ground between using pesticides and gmo that can affect wildlife (like the butterfly species that went extinct after corn was modified for agro reasons) and making small changes that can benefit us without harming wildlife OR the environment!
**simplybenlogical enters the chat
Please do a cocoa bomb how to...
People are anti gene modified food but out there drinking cows milk? 😂
GMOs are just a tool, neither good nor bad. golden rice is a very good use of the technology that helps millions of people get enough to eat. monsanto patenting their corn genes so they can dump pesticides on them to increase profit? not so much. the technology has wondrous potential for the world if we use it properly. fungi that break down plastics, trees that suck up heavy metals, algae that cleans oil spills, food that's more hardy and more nutritious, and making things resistant to blights. the problem is not with the tool but with who wields it. cavendish bananas have been bred for smaller and smaller seeds and have no genetic diversity since they're all clone plants now so they are very vulnerable. we have the tools to fix that and we should (and maybe make some more kinds of bananas while we're at it so we don't need to).
This is not a dangerous GMO product, so anyone opposed to them can send me their share. I will be happy to eat them for you.
You can't be both Pro-Science and Anti-GMO.
Thanks for talking about the times when GMOs are actually good and not scary boogeyman evil things.
in the thumb nail its so helpful cause you get anouther banana!
This whole video was fascinating! I don't know why I was so surprised by how effective the Banana Boat sunscreen was at protecting the UV reactive pony beads. That's what it's supposed to do! 😆 But it was really cool to see it in action! Thanks for your content!
GMO or no more bananas...I want bananas.
I've done chocolate (and sometimes mini marshmallows) inside of both bananas and orange on campfires with my Guides so that one isn't totally new to me! I prefer the orange version though (especially if you use cake batter instead).
I like Dave’s hat but he’s gotta show off that haircut more often! He’s got some real drip
I wonder if the fact that bananas have a fair amount of potassium and that potassium is used in sunscreen is what inspired that particular video.  Vegan pulled pork probably tastes better with spaghetti squash than with banana peel.   I always thought bananas were soaked in nitrogen to prevent them from oxidizing and ripening. Was I ever wrong.  The "other" banana breed... It's what artificial banana flavoring is based upon, and why we think banana flavoring is a bit odd tasting. Also, there is a place (in Europe, I think) that still breeds the other type of banana, but it's not available for general public resale. I honestly forget the source for this info, but I do know I found it on YT from someone whom I think does decent research.
Five minute crafts and the other content farm channels love getting people to waste their supplies on these BS hacks. Thank you Ann!
https://youtu.be/hA7LPa8hjRM     can you debunk this?
The thing with GMO is that it is done for two purposes. One is benevolent like what you describe here, resistance to TR4. But there is also a malevolent use for it, like the ones Monsanto used to sell its highly toxic Roundup and such.
Me allergic to bananas watching this 👁👄👁
Being scared of GMOs is people being scared of what they don't understand. You're eating GMOs all the time. Bananas are GM'd. Apples are GM'd. Watermelons are GM'd. Hell, if you have a pet your PET has been genetically modified. Genetically altering foods isn't new, it's why we have wheat and rice! Giving a plant a gene to make it resistant to, say, flooding, is why rice farmers can still farm rice! The only thing I would be wary of is genetic modifications in unborn children in order to change their physical appearances. If there was a way to make humans immune to certain diseases, or for example to destroy whatever gene causes altzheimers in kids if it's prominent in their family, then yeah I'm all for it. But it should never be used for frivolous aesthetic reasons. In conclusion: GMOs are not even close to being bad.
I sometimes see bananas with plastic wrapped around the top in the grocery store!
About GMOs, if I'm not wrong, all the food we consume is genetically modified, in one way or another, naturally with crossbreeding, in the laboratory, or in the fields by growers. Everything is "natural" and nothing is.
I am so sad about people's gut instinct that GMO=bad. While we certainly don't want everything we eat to be genetically modified, there are plenty of reasons why we do need to do this, and the banana fungus is one of them!
GMO does the same job that breeding them till they are resistant might never accomplish. It's a hard topic to tackle with many good for and against parts to it, in the end much like most things it isn't good or bad as a whole. With this banana issue, I would say it's alright as long as they keep it safe and tested when it comes to human effects and as compost. Bananas are an old fruit that has been bred to the point of more or less needing us to survive (The ones we farm) so It's free game as long as kept reasonable.
loved to hear the explanation of the ripening process!
What’s going on at 10:14? I know it’s a squid/octopus - but what’s happening?
So just so folks know, if you want to propagate a philodendron from a leaf, you have to get the entire base of the leaf from the stem.  I have never managed to propagate any aroid from a leaf where the stem is cut above the base.
The issue with Panama Disease is just more proof that panic culture is going to cause issues with food crops in the future. The vast majority of GMOs are to make crops that survive in a wider range of conditions and have no impact on those that consume them other than the fact that they are able to consume them.
Anti-Gmo people im sorry to break it to you but everything is genetically modified
poor Dave must have trust issues by now, what a hero
I love these videos but I wanted to especially say how extremely clever it was to use the beads!! It was such a good idea and just a great visual.
I'm okay with a world without bananas cuz I'm allergic. Great vid though
Yellow: eat Brown: make bread If you've still failed yourself: freeze and make smoothies later
Just about everything we eat is a GMO either by editing genes manually or specialized breading and taking the desired crop and breading it again to get what we want. How do you think wheat came to be? It use to be barley.
Okay but why are all these hacks how to preserve bananas? Why would you do that? Once they're overripe it's time to make banana bread!!! Everyone in my house will eat bananas when they're still friggin green, I'm always struggling to hide some away somewhere til they're nice and brown and splotchy for bread.
I came in expecting to learn and learned more than expected!
A Kitten mewing sounds keeps happening.! heard earlier , now at 25:03
Would you make a video about GMOs in general? Like what about them can be bad if bad at all. I thought most fruits to be a GMO since we don't typically eat the wild-type because we breeded them for favorable eating
That whole ripening process of how bananas are packaged, ripened, transported is pretty informative
summary: refrigerate your bananas
I was eating a banana and saw this in my recommended o-o
Remember when this was a baking channel?
how to stop bananas from going bad in your house?  eat them
“Even monkeys peel bananas” he seems so betrayed 😂😂😂
i'm 3 mins in and this is the best episode so far. i'd never think to use a banana in any of these ways but, i'm glad i now know not to.
Yet you keep seeing thousands of people fall for these frauds every day. Integrity and ethics is too much of a hassle for today's world I guess.
I LOVE DEBUNKING!  even though its probably twice as hard making a normal vid.  which makes you amazing
You wrap the top of a banana because that is where it was attached to the tree 🙄 the same thing is true for babies. If you wrap the umbilical cord in plastic wrap the child won’t age 😏
it's absolutely incredible how much research you do for these videos!! great job :)
My brain read the title in her accent.. "Banahner loife hacks"  I'm an idiot
Dave, you’re such a good sport...so trusting 🤗 excellent video, as always.  It’s amazing(ly stupid) what folks believe. 👍🏽👍🏽👍🏽
Thanks for this video. I did know about Panama disease but did not know about banana hacks.
We eat the chocolate banana thing in the UK, usually wrap in tinfoil and pop on the hot ashes of a campfire
I see.. Cristine watched this for Ben 👀
For people with a latex allergy, bananas can be cross-reactive - meaning it can trigger the same allergic reaction. Yikes.
pro GMO
Ann is a very intelligent minion
Is your puppy whining in the background?
I thought this was a cooking channel........ but really it's a food science channel !  and I'm... bananas for it 😂
gmo: the bananas you eat right now already are. end of story. stop fearing things just cause they sound unknown.
I used to work in a fruit and veg store, and sometimes the bananas would come with pieces of thin foam taped around the stems. I always figured it was something to do with ripening, but now I have no idea O_o.  The boxes always have a plastic bag surrounding all the bananas, which I was told was to keep the gas in.  Do they put the bags in each box after they've pumped in ethylene gas to start ripening? Now I'm even more confused.
In the majority of the Québec (in Canada) we have compost that works just like the trash bin, the municipalities are in charge  to make the compost. So the bananas peels aren't waste, they are reused just like the other food that we would have put in the trash.
Ann, I think it's time you get a good microphone for your videos, you have the most soothing voice but your sound mix is very bad.
Cooked chocolate bananas are awesome. My family has them at most barbecues. You cut a slice in the skin and wedge a couple of squares of chocolate in before wrapping it in foil and chucking them in the coals. You can make them in advance and they are really tasty. I live in the UK but I am not sure where the recipe comes from.
Why would you use a banana when there's so much soil outside? Why unnecessarily waste a banana?
I put my bananas in the fridge and everyone thinks I'm nuts because the skins are totally black.  But the insides last longer than them sitting on the counter.  Never could convince anyone...I feel vindicated now!😆  I have zero problem with GMO.  GMO foods are usually created for the same reason as stated.  To fight disease or create increased yield.   There are many things we eat that have been modified in some way or another.  If it doesn't hurt us and it helps us, I'm fine with it.
Even monkeys peel bananas lmao
WOVEN!!!!  Sorry.
Great video as always.  My wife is vegan, "pulled pork" she makes is Jack fruit I believe.  Its not bad, but its certainly not pulled pork.  Haha Greetings from Canada, hope everyone is staying safe.
You're stirring with a metal spoon in a metal saucepan?! Haiyaaa!
GMO practically don't exist, scince breeding exists, like carrots weren't even orange to start it. And many sorts of, idk, apples would not exist without, roughly saying, genetic modification. So GMO is OK by my POV.
I was once assigned a college business paper on GMO crops and if it's ethical or not. Based on the research I did, there was a lot more concern about "what ifs" whereas the actual evidence of GMO food being bad for us is very little. Here in the US, I'd say companies offering tools to modify foods are more unethical than the crops themselves. Overall, if there isn't any evidence of GMO foods being dangerous or unhealthy, then I believe it's fine.
the dislikes on the video are from all of 5 Minute Crafts' other channels
I don't see a problem with the bananas being genetically modified. You're just taking genes from one banana and adding them into another banana. If you were adding genes from a cat or something, then I'd have a problem with it. It's really the same as cross breeding the same species, just more specific and sped up.
13:50 we do this Everytime when we have Rest heat on the Grill.
did you know when you get burned. the red color comes from the cells basically committing suicide so they dont become cancerous cells?
We all know what that clip of the plant leaf in the banana in the water looks like.
Ann, I love the vid, but could you put a trypophobia warning next time??? That wild banana thing was super out of left field there
The irony of taking money from a VPN company and repeating their sales pitch while trying to debunk bad YouTube videos is disheartening to say the least.
A lot of fruits that we eat and have now days have been changed a lot from what they used to be to 1) taste nicer and have a better texture 2) be edible 3) last longer and 4) have more fruit flesh for people to eat. Saying that you don't want to eat geneticly modified food is just saying that you don't want to eat food that is changed from what you're used to, because almost everything has been modified at some point over hundreds of years
The banana in the microwave is a take on a super common campfire recipe here in the US called a banana boat! They’re generally sliced down the middle but not through the peel in the bottom and stuffed with chocolate, marshmallows and candy. The whole thing is then wrapped in foil and put in the campfire ash for like 10 minutes. Then you use a spoon and scoop out the mix! I used to make it all the time in Girl Scouts. I still make it today for a dessert but usually i make it in the toaster oven not the microwave.
just an fyi "/" is a forward slash. "\" is a backslash. backslashes are generally only used for code. i like your videos though :)
great video!!!! I always learn from you
People who are anti GMO... usually dont even know what GMOs remotely are...
Anyone else hear a kitten meowing in the background around the 24:30 mark?
7.5 billion people on the planet, and at least 1.4 billion of the people on it are ridiculously ravenous. So here's my opinion, eat whatever science can produce that is edible. genetic fruits and veggies are going to happen, get with it, the population of the world is NOT going to go down unless some kind of major catastrophic catastrophe happens we will need every type of food source available to supplement or replace in the case of sea life that which no longer exist.
THANK YOU! GMO doesn't necessarily mean bad or unhealthy some people don't really understand what that means. Your dog is basically GMO
I'll just eat banana candy
Came for the click farm bashing, stayed for the science communication. We really need great content like this, especially with so many people starting to turning their backs on science
Ahh I totally thought the "zombie banana" was just in reverse. 😂 But thats funny it's those pens cause those are my favorite pens ever! I use them for everything.
The majority of genetic modification is to make the crops pesticide and herbicide resistant which means they are able to spray even more pesticides and herbicides on them. The issue is not so much the modified genes but the excess of poison on our food.
I always assumed hanging bananas was done to avoid bruising, though my parents might have been just saving some precious space in the pantry. As for GMOs, I think it's important not to lump all of them into one category of either good or bag. Surely, there's a difference between growing GMO crops just because it's convenient without any care for the environment ("crop is resistant to roundup" really doesn't count as a good reason in my opinion), and making sure a mass grown monocrop that is both important source of relatively cheap nutrition for a lot of people and single-handedly keeping some economies running doesn't actually go extinct (which includes making it impossible to commercially grown them).
In my opinion gmo doesn't matter everything has been genetically modified via breeding to create the banana and the sweetcorn we eat today so all this gmo stuff shouldn't matter
I'd like to know if something has been genetically modified in a lab. Although I have an issue with my own opinion as cross pollination is another way to genetically modify something, selective breeding does the same, so in truth we are and have been genetically modifying things as long as we've had society. It comes down to knowledge, I'd like to know what my food went through to get to me, as hard as that might be on a label.
The banana with chocolate is actually really good if you bake it. For my family, it's a camping treat. We take the peel off, fill it with chocolate, wrap it in foil, and heat it in the fire.
Most modern food is genetically modified. It is necessary for human survival. Whether it occurs over thousands of years of agricultural evolution or over just a few years in a lab. It is all the same. We must continue to develop to changing technology if we are to continue to support human life. For example thousands of years ago we were hunters and gatherers. We had to genetically modify teosinte into modern maize in order to support rising populations. We must be able to adapt to support the good of the many.
There is nothing wrong with gmo foods. A lot of the fruits amd veggies we eat today have been the byproduct of crossbreeding and genetic engineering. Like bananas and lemons. Watermelons as well. I think people are scared because who knows what genes theyll use. that fear comes from a lack of understanding and not enough trust in the genetic engineers
That was one of the best sponsorships I've ever seen
Genetically modified food is great and an INCREDIBLY valuable resource.  It has the potential to save the planet and feed millions who would otherwise starve and could solve countless other problems.  Unfortunately, Monsanto and other major corporations have gotten their mitts on so much of it.  GMOs are now synonymous with the capitalization of agriculture and have changed the purpose of farming from feeding people to making money hand over fist.  Soybeans and corn aren't brands, but Monsanto really wants them to be, and is using genetic modification as a loophole to do it.
All of our food is genetically modified, it's both a natural and manmade occurrence. Hell, we're genetically modified.
I love the debunking! Can we also appreciate the size of that rosemary plant?
I had no idea that bananas had to be re-triggered to ripen! I knew they were picked when green and were yellow by the time they got to the store, but I thought that was just a matter of time!  ...kinda wish they didn't do that and let me ripen them myself when I'm ready....lol
So the option becomes GMO Banana or No Banana... I will take the Banana... i guess
but the wrapping banana tops with plastic is also adopted by Walmart. When I buy my bananas from Walmart, the tops are wrapped tightly in white plastic, at least when I order them online. Although this is not proof of anything, but one would think that a company as big as Walmart won't invest into something that they didn't do research on and have found it a good investment.
"Even monkeys peel bananas" 😂
People have been eating genetically modified fruit for ages. What do they think nectarines are.
I think those people are also responsibil for flat earth videos
I actually just taught a lesson on GMOs in my botany class. I will go further into it with my students when we start genetics next semester. As a whole, my students were super supportive of GMOs because they can be modified to benefit the public. A small amount of them were against GMOs because someone told them that they were bad for people despite the fact that the articles and studies that they used in their arguments either had small testing groups or were proving that there weren't any differences between GMOs and nonGMOs
When you started stirring that bbq sauce in with the banana peel (so it wouldn't taste bad for Dave) my 8 year old laughed and said "why did he marry her?"
For the banana’s sitting beside each other we could make the assumption that they are all going to be stored as a bunch and thus close to each other.
Dave: do we trust her?  Idk man she did make you eat the gritty ice cream
*Me on 5 minute crafts cooking video hacks* : Yum. Looks delicious.  Ann : Disgusting  Also me : Disgusting
This is why GMOs are so important to us a society! Without it we would lose entire species and in turn affect entire ecosystems. GMOs can even help to end world hunger! What we need to do is make sure we are producing them ethically (which is one of the biggest controversies about it).
The chocolate banana thing is LOVELY and something that we always did when I was little. Put some chocolate in, wrap it in tinfoil and lay it out on the grill! 🥰
Simply love u for being so great...
I actually prefer plantains to bananas 🍌😇
have these channels ever tried to act against you since you're clearly showing they're all bunk? it makes me wonder how these sites even still function. is it all ad revenue?
wait, wasn't choccy banana in the oven a slightly popular thing to do during the 90's ealry 2000's?
I feel like a banana expert now
I've always been pro-GMO. Choice of food is such a first world issue and this just highlights that fact. If you want to eat non GMO, be my guest. If you eat GMO, again, be my guest. But don't forget to take in the whole picture.
Uuuuuugh ok so anti GMO people are a pet peeve of mine.  EVERYTHING YOU EAT IS A GMO.  Literally every. Single. Thing.  We select plants who yield the most biggest fruit to breed, and have since the cavemen figured out farming. Bananas and apples are literally clones. And you want to get mad they we made a wheat that is more bug resistant?  Try and eat that wild banana she showed us and then tell me GMOS are bad.
As a plant person and someone who's passionate about propagation I cringed at those "hacks" in the beginning If you want to grow a new plant from a leaf look up "(plant name) propagation"
You can have GMO bananas, or you can have no bananas. It's time to get over it folks, I need my banana bread.
I think this whole channel is just a giant troll.
No it's egg hacks Egg hacks are like their hack drug  Still an amazing video! I love all of your vids Especially the cake saves Keep It Up!!! ❤️❤️❤️
"Let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try!" My favorite thing to hear you say. 😂 Also, thank you for putting so much time and effort into your videos for us. They're so informative, but also enjoyable and we appreciate you! 🧡
Just wanted to mention that Banana's are the worst fruit to eat guys, we eat them cause there super sweet. Why? There filled with SUGAR! Fructose sugar is basically the same sugar as cane, and just as bad for you if you eat to much of it.
"even monkeys peel bananas"    Mate, that had me fuckin rolling 💀💀
If I have an option between a GMO free and GMO option (or in the case of there only being a GMO option, but one product advertises it as such and the other one doesn't), I will nearly always go for the GMO option/the one that doesn't advertise it. I can't in good conscience actively support a rejection of a really useful food technique/process.
Shame on you Anne! I cant believe that you didnt put the "So dont waste my time" asmr in the video. Was really expecting to hear it during some parts 🤣
I don't really have anything against GMO food if it's sole purpose is to prevent diseases from spreading among crops. Like I wouldn't mind eating the banana if I know that the only thing that was modified was the resistance of the plant against the disease. Otherwise I think it's very risky if there isn't any opportunity to control what has been done with the banana but again if it isn't used for anything 'unnecessary' (like maximum growth or taste or stuff like that) I would support it! But anyway great video, very interesting to see the different experiments and effects on the bananas. ^×^)/♡
Having worked in 2 supermarkets, bananas tend to come sprayed in water in crates. So many go mouldy in transit and management will make you remove the whole crate if one banana is bad.
The banana is already manipulated because every banana is a clone. So what's the difference between that and gene modification? It's the same with dogs. Selective breeding is just a less sophisticated method of genetic engineering. All that matters is that the correct protections are put in place to ensure safety.
i think the issue that many people(me included) have with GMOs is the legal ramifications. large corporations can create a GMO crop, plant it in a field next to a small farmer, and, then sue the small farmer for patent infringement if the GMO plant ends up pollinating or effecting the small farmer's crop. the large corporations can also get basically a monopoly on a whole food group if they control the food itself. the issue is regarding societal and legal ramifications, not quality. GMO foods are not generally lower quality than organic.  i'm not sure if the resistant banana will be patented or not, but if it is just imagine how much worse it will make the situation. instead of losing the ability to make their main crop, and being able to move on to try to grow a different crop or diversify their economy to not rely so heavily on one crop, they would be basically forced to buy from the patent holder, who would have a monopoly. banana republics are called that for a reason, and i don't think adding on top of that would be helpful.
*Simply Nailogical joined the comments*
I've seen wild bananas before and that made me appreciate the work they put into making bananas edible. I never bothered looking into the process though, is it GMO or is it the process of stopping the ripening process that got rid of the seeds? or is it both?
This video was more of a science video than the debunking.  Impressed so much.
that banana wrap trick is so wide spread, Target stores prewrap their bananas!
"Oh the plants aren't looking too good" Ad: *dIscOvEr aUdIbLe* book: *emotional healing* 👁️👁️
there is no indication that GMO foods have any negative effects. with the new breed of banana, i am afraid that its only a matter of time before a new disease is born. the growth so much identical plants is a perfect breeding ground such fungi, and in time one will develop the ability to effect modern bananas :\
Monkeys peel bananas. Cows and Goats eat them.
i like your channel and nice
A lot of people that say they are against GMOs are perfectly fine having GMOs live in their homes, licking their faces and even picking up their poop outside.
What a waste of good food.  These hack channels make me so mad.  I got such an education about bananas in this video.  Thanks Anne!
Bananas do not stick around in our house. As soon as they're bought you better grab yourself a couple, cause as soon as I put them in the bowl, everyone takes one. XD
I remember reading that the reason a lot of 'banana' flavouring doesn't taste like today's bananas is that it *was* what the Gros Michel tasted like, but most of us have never tasted them.
if i dont mutate and get superpowers from GMO treated food i dont want it... xD but for real, if it doesnt hurt humans i dont care what they do with GMO. we've been tweaking crops since the beginning of farming, this is just a faster way to do it.
"Even monkeys peel bananas" Haha that's right, Dave as always MVP :)
not even the FBI can compete.
we used to do the chocolate and banana one :) we'd wrap it in tin foil and put it on fire while camping. taking it off once the foil starts to get sooty
I'm brazilian, we have so much bananas that it's almost raining bananas hehehehehehe   "banana" was the first word my daughter said!
I always learn so much watching Ann's videos.  Today I learned that not everyone has a dedicated banana fridge.
GMO isn't bad per se. It may depends on what should be accomplished and how.  But generally, small changes like making is resistant to that fungus that wipes out whole plantages, making minor changes to crops so they may survive more extreme climates and so on is a good thing.  Also: Anything medical. A lot that is done is made by GMO Bacteria and Funghi. This saves tons of lives. Like Insulin. If you have Diabetis and need Insulin, it is done by the magic of GMO. Before that, we used Insulin from butchered Cows and Pigs if I'm not wrong, but that has some major disadvantages. So GMO is defenetly our best shot there - and it works. There are also different substances in medicine produced via GMO, that safe lives. A lot actually. Insulin and Diabetes however are pretty relateable, since almost anyone knows someone with it, and without Insulin they'd simply all die.
almost every fruits and vegetables that we eat now are gmo'd, just old fashion way
I love your videos and really appreciate how well you present the information. Keep it up!    PS I love your debunking videos
i'm perfectly fine with GMO foods.  without them food prices would be significantly higher, we would be much much more susceptible to crops wiping out due to environmental affects, fungus etc. and lastly, if we open the doors FULLY to GMOs, i personally believe we can make a serious headway into helping provide relief for world hunger.
Firstly . Thank you for dispelling the fake minute crafts and sharing your knowledge. I wonder if you know the experiment for finding the calories in food. Perhaps you've done this and can direct me to that. If not I would love to understand how they do this. Thank you 😃
The Cavendish banana is already GMO. When the bananas were wiped out by panama disease in the 50s the Cavendish strain was cultivated due to its resistance to the fungus. Every single cavendish banana is a clone of this strain. Every single banana is the EXACT same banana, that's why scientists when they're feeling cheeky can measure radiation levels in bananas.  What makes panama disease so much more devastating this time around is because the fungus adapted to the cavendish strain, and there ARE no other strains left (Not counting the wild ones obviously). All of the bananas are the same so the fungus is tearing through them at a much more devastating rate than they did in the 50s. While the work being done by the Australians is admirable, it is nothing more than a stop gap, as its already been shown that the fungus can adapt, and so most likely will adapt to the new resistant cavendish at some point.
The chocolate microwaved one has some merit. I do something similar, but cover it it foil and grill it for a backyard bbq dessert.
The banana stuffed with chocolate is a common Girl Scouts recipe where I live, in northeast USA. You put mini marshmallows, chocolate chips, bits of graham crackers, etc in the banana. Then you wrap it in foil and place it in a campfire until it gets all gooey and melted inside. It makes for an easy campfire dessert. Edit: upon further thought we eat cooked bananas often in banana bread, bananas foster, muffins, pancakes, etc so maybe it’s a regional thing.
very interesting video Ann. And about the people who are against GMO, well I think that's very weird of them, but maybe they are just ignorant, because many of the fruits we eat are genetically modified, if they weren't we would have only bananas like the one you showed that are more seeds than anything, just not suitable to eat, same with watermelons, types of berries etc, most of our modern food I believe has been genetically modified, so there's just no sense in being against GMO.
Unrelated but I know Cristine's nail polish anywhere.. looks so good on you!!
We bake bananas with chocolate in foil in the embers of a fire. I didn't realise that not everyone does it 😂😂
6:14 the ones that you rubbed banana peel on even look more vibrant than the control ones lmao
21:00 even i know ypu are right, if you want to do experiment like this you have to put them in different places to confirm yourself and respect to the rules of experimention
there is a reason we plants in soils not banana and best way to prevent rot bananas is to eat them I once saw a documentary about the bananas disease and saw people be sitting in their home complaining about GMO food while someone's family is dying without the help of GMO is sad
Gene modification is just breeding but faster. I seriously don't see what the problem is. If you are that scared, just give the plants one or two generations to make sure nothing weird is happening.
I kept thinking you had headphones hanging down the front of your shirt the whole video :D Bananas are awesome! And they've already been modified and are all clones, exactly because of that nasty disease. I guess we should enjoy them while we can.
“Then i just add some rosemary from my garden.”  Literally is there anything Ann couldn’t do?
just wanna say, those wild bananas actually looked so horrible omg haha halloween already passed!
A great video.i am bananas 🍌 over it!
I want to say I've successfully ripened an avocado quickly by putting it with a ripe bunch of bananas and it worked. Maybe it was placebo
Bananas are extremely vulnerable to blight and disease since they're cultivated to be seedless. Only a small number are grown with seeds to create an offspring plant, while the majority are clones grown from parts of existing banana plants. This means that they have very little genetic variation and they evolve and adapt very slowly.  The anti-GMO movement usually hurts people in developing countries. If we can grow more food, with better nutrients, and better disease resistance, then we can feed millions of people. Most arguments against GMO crops are based on ignorance and fearmongering anyway. Bananas are such an important and vulnerable crop that we need to take measures to protect them.
8:28 Ann is explaining why it is not a good idea to cook the peel. Me thinking "she'll cook it and have Dave eat it" Ann: "Let's cook it up and give it Dave to try" XD
Growing up we'd put chocolate on bananas, wrap them in tinfoil and put on the grill. It's pretty nice but yes the banan doesn't smell too good
In Austria banana stems are wrapt in a special foil in the supermarket, I don't know where it comes from, but I always thought it is good that way.
Please do a video on GMO's! There's too much hate on them but like most things people spread misinformation about and fuel denialism,  we need more videos like yours to show how helpful of a tool science can be.
I thought I was going crazy when I read error 404 Seite nicht gefunden because German is my mother language but then I looked twice and it really was German 😅
Great video!
I DO NOT KNOW WHY BUT 1:56 - 2:01 GAVE ME FLASHBACKS OF SOUPE OPERA!!!
I think for the most part GMOs are usually good and dont harm and sometimes help benifit people but i do not think we should become to reliant on them because if all crops are GMOs they are far more susceptable to being wiped out by diseases etc. So im Pro GMOs so long as we still have pleanty of natural varieties of crops still being produced which i think there always will be.
The most important thing about sunscreen is that you need to reapply it regularly, especially if you're sweating or getting wet. I've gone on long bicycle rides over a weekend, and I can get pretty badly sunburned if I don't protect myself. But if I reapply the sunscreen roughly every hour or two then I avoid burning almost entirely. You don't realize how big of a difference it makes until you experience it yourself.  And anyway I don't think lightly rubbing a banana peel on my cheeks would protect the rest of my skin either.
People seem to miss the point that most of our food has been genetically modied through inbreeding, to get the best yield. Take Corn on the cob as an example!! If it saves the Banana, bring it on!!!
I love the chocolate in the banana microwave trick. I used to do this years ago
13:42 actually that's a pretty good campfire food I did when I was in the girl scouts. Of course we didn't put it in the microwave, we either baked it on an open fire or in the oven.
GMOs are problematic when they’re being used to keep people dependent on industry—such as crops being modified not to bear seed for replanting. When they’re being used to address a problem like crop blight and empower people long-term, they’re very helpful. It’s science, not witchcraft and, as always, only problematic when we apply it in harmful ways. Most of the produce we enjoy today has been genetically modified via breeding selection. If you don’t like the idea of fungus-resistant bananas, you should likewise refuse all produce or seed commercially available today and start sourcing teosinte, wild carrots and crabapples to grow at home.
In South East Asia, we Fried our banana
For the heated bananas with chocolate: that's my favourite camping dessert! Not microwaved but you cut the banana and add pieces of chocolate (my family's favourite is mars bars so you get chocolate and caramel), then wrap it in foil and grill it. They taste really nice like that, especially on a cold night.
the banana choclate thing is as normal over here as smores are in the us. but i have never seen it in the microwave. usually you put foil around it and put it in a bon fire as a dessert for camping etc
⚠️ TRIGGER WARNING TRYPOPHOBIA⚠️ 27:55
I foresee a lot of banana bread in your future.
When bananas get "too brown," I peel them and put them in the freezer in a freezer bag. They can be used later in a smoothie or banana bread (or any baked good that uses bananas as an ingredient.)
Even monkey peels banana 🤣 that's true, monkey peels it
Wow I learned so much about bananas!
- this video makes me uncomfortable because I cannot actually eat bananas (i.e. in peel and eat form)  - watches anyway
I am New Here And I Just Love How She Waste time And Work For Veiwers
Anne being upset at the sunscreen one is especially understandable, considering that she lives in Australia where 🎵 the sun is a deadly laser 🎵
If we want to say 'no' to the GMO, we should say 'no' to the bananas(and to strawberries, and to roses, and to wheat, and to many other our beloved plants) as well. Because "natural" ≠ "tasty" or "a lot of nutriens from single little seed".
how does anne not age??
My grandma used to use old banana's for cooking.  For the GMO bananas, I'm not against it as long as we can still eat it and the people who need it don't have a food shortage then they can make as many of those GMO bananas as needed. As long as it's not bad for us, which I don't think it is.
2:25 - I'm so glad I watched this while eating breakfast. LOL.
In an age of fake news, opinion dominated discussions and widespread misinformation you are a blessing Ann Reardon. Not neccessarily because I learned more about bananas (didn't know they apparently hold such importance in peoples life's) but because of your whole approach and debunking methods. Hopefully viewers take up some of that critical thinking and questioning along to being entertained <3
Isn't all the wheat we have today technically genetically modified? I remember seeing some sort of diagram about it in biology class. The wheat plant as we know it today is the result of centuries of cultivation. Do correct me if I'm wrong. So, yeah, I don't see any problem with GMO. If it provenly harms people, obviously I wouldn't like it.
I'm having trouble hearing this video, is the mic further away than usual?
The banana with chocolate is an old Camping dessert.
No bananas were harmed in the making of this video.
What's on your nails in this one babe? Love the liner holos!
poor Dave 😅
It really bothers me that you say back slash for the URL in the sponsorship 😂 it’s literally a forward slash, back slash goes the other way 😭
The best way to preserve banana is making it into chips
No one:  Ann:  _bananar_
nearly had a heart attack seeing the wild banana
OMG I have something in common with Ann!!!! I DONT HAVE A BANANA FRIDGE EITHER!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ash plantain is aslo a type of banana right... we cook it also with their peels here in Sri Lanka... not as a dessert!!! Ann I have small request also... can you try some Sri Lankan or asian recipes also... love to see them in your channel 💕💕
There are a lot of banana varieties, the problem with them is they are very hard to transport. They taste better, they are healthier, but they are harder to cultivate, they have less yield, and they bruise easily; and Americans and Europeans don't like ugly bananas.
Thanks for your work these videos are amazing
I don't find GMO bad in general. It was just demonized by some people. GMO is basically changing something by making it better. Free from diseases, easily accessible, faster growth. Abusing it though is a different story.
Anti-GMO is about as based as anti-vaccine.
I too trusted a hack of theirs(5mc) which told that using lemon like, literally rubbing raw lemon on skin could cure acne nd pimples and followed it only to get rashes on my face the nxt day and it was my confirmation (the Christian event for teenagers where they accept Christ) that day, my big day got ruined coz my face was covered with so many bumps, so you can never trust these . Thank you very much for sharing this info btw!!!! Love from India!!!🤗
The chances for bananas would be better, if they wouldn't use mono cultures...
this is the number of times ann said banana in this video👇👇
Most modern food are GMO at this point. The biggest and most shocking example is carrots, natural carrots are purple. People think GMO are some kind of crazy modification that'll somehow affect our own genes or something like that and get absolutely crazy. I'd be all for it though if we can prevent the disappearance of more bananas.
I fear wild bananas
Thats a really good illustration for the importance of sunscreen! I also want those beads lol
I'm just laughing at the pepper stuffed inside a banana planted in a watermelon filled with dirt with no explanation. Modern art hack?  It's just beyond lazy.
I used to be against GMO stuff, but then I went to culinary school and learned how much good has been achieved with it and changed my mind.
When you brought up gmo food it reminded me of an essay I had to do for science this year. (This is Aussie Grade 10 Biology btw) From what I found from that, pesticide resistant genes and the like are the genes you want to avoid as pests and weeds can pick up on that meaning you could end up having to use more harmful pesticide and herbicides which can harm the consumer.  Also note this is going off of memory, I don't wanna pull up my essay from term 2 when school is done for the year and I didn't choose a science for next year (and either way I would never have chosen biology)
I know I'm not the only person to say this but I want to share my point of view anyway.  GMOs aren't the problem, if anything they can be a very good thing, the problem is uncontrolled monopolies. When one company owns the rights to a specific GMO and starts exploiting that monopoly, that is where problems mostly arise.
Gmo is good and saves lives, pretty much every food we eate is geneticly modified, we just have the ability to do it faster now
Seeing all those soft brown bananas, all I could think of is how much banana bread you could make
Wow, that was informative and fun at the same time. I have been following you for a long time, and your videos never disappoint me! Best!
We don't use the banana peel for our sardines burger, we use the banana heart. Banana heart, sardines, eggs flour, salt, pepper and you have your budget burger.
Dear 'how to cook that ' channel , it has come into my notice that a video on 'so yummy'  channel had posted  a video 2 months ago at the time of posting this comment copying your sugar decoration video you posted seven months ago.......the title of the so yummy video is ' 15 cake decoration  and plating hacks to impress your dinner guest!'......hope you chek it out and make a video on it
Cavandish banana does not even taste good. Philippines have so many varieties of banana that cavandish would your last choice.
If I had to eat a gmo banana so other people would have a job and food I would eat a gmo banana
Growing up around farm and ranches GMO is around everywhere, selective breeding for larger or more resilient crop yields is a form of GMO. Its not evil like everyone says kts part of how we as a race has survived
“Even monkeys peel bananas. Do people do that?” 👏🤣👌😆
I personally don't know how to feel about gmos. I'm a christian, and so of course part of me thinks we shouldn't be messing with plants that "god made". That being said, we already sort of are by mass producing them lol, they aren't growing in their natural environment untouched by man. I also am honestly underinformed about the situation, and I've heard from seemingly trustworthy and intelligent people that there really isn't much evidence suggesting that gmos are neccessarily bad for you. I don't think it's been proven that they are necessarily going to have some negative effect on the population consuming them. Feel free to correct me if I'm wrong. I would appreciate more knowledge regarding this after all.
I used to be staunchly anti-GMO but after doing more research I did a complete 180. I am now a very vocal supporter of them. GMOs have the potential to improve or even save millions of lives.
I used to be staunchly anti-GMO but after doing more research I did a complete 180. I am now a very vocal supporter of them. GMOs have the potential to improve or even save millions of lives.
Corn and strawberries are already genetically modified to be bigger. It doesn’t bother me at all. They only modify it to make it taste better, grow better and feed more people. NOT to ‘put “chemicals” in our system’
In South East Asia, there are so many different variety of bananas. I hardly eat Cavendish.
Why octopus?? 😂
"I'm assuming you, like me, don't have a separate banana fridge" What do you mean you don't have a separate banana fridge? I thought everyone has one
οι μπανάνες του Γρηγόρη χαχαχαχαχ
that wild banana photo frightens me
My favorite part if these videos is watching poor Dave be a Guinea pig 😂
it taste better when you cook it in a fire like camping or in the oven and wrap up in foil after you put the chocolate in and I've always used Hershey's chocolate both in oven and fire and I use to do this before YouTube in fact I dont think YouTube was a thing yet cellphone weren't even a thing yet lol
people who defend GMOs Shouldn't Complain about Allergies
Oh shit I forgot to buy bananas just now when I went to the store.
people who would cry about those resistant bananas are stupid, our current bananas are already genetically modified, they are all genetic clones.
I found the perfect way to prevent ripening... I don't over buy them and eat them almost right away... Conserved in my tummy
for growing baby plants you really don't need a banana xD you can just put it in the cup of wather that will do it XD
6:17 the banana one in the middle is actually darker lol
Most foods are GMO. The original banana, carrot, etc. isn’t really edible.  Most fruits and veggies have been modified to a certain degree to either grow bigger, or made a colour that’s more appealing, or more nutritious etc. and these genetically modified foods are 100% fine for consumption.  BUT: there are certain GMO foods like corn and others, that has been modified to grown quicker to feed the masses, these GMO foods may have (but they’re is no definite proof) caused some populations to have Heath issues. But this can not be proven. Organic doesn’t mean non GMO either. Try growing heirloom seeds if you want better veg and fruit.
We monkeys debunked
The Blue java banana looks cool
I haven't tried the banana peel 'meat' myself but I think the recipe they had was not the best because you're meant to cook them for longer, so they get a little more shredded 😆
Genetically Modified has gained a Negative Connotation. Modifications can be good or bad. In this case, resistance to that Disease, is like, a necessity. Bananas make the world go round
My mum managed a restaurant years ago, and she said that they prevented bananas from going soft by peeling them when ripe and dipping them in melted chocolate. They would then be stored in a freezer to be pulled out as needed for sundaes, fruit salads, etc.
20:36 that sounds like some weird conspiracy theory right there
For the zombie banana trick, you could also just heat the banana with the hairdryer until it goes brown and play the video in reverse 🤷‍♂️
That banana with the chocolate in oh my god I havent had that in years!! Everytime we have a bbq (Which is never I live in northern england) we used to have that as afters its so good im surprised Dave doesnt like hot bananas.
The idea that those diseased bananas that we were eating are non-GMO is like the craziest thing to me. Our food has been genetically modified for a tremendously long time, before those words were even relevant to a mass market. I think what I like is transparency. Like tell me how my food has been modified... is it tested, is it safe... do we know!? Those are the things I would like to be common practice in the food industry so that we don't have to be polarized into eating one way or the other.
I've got no issue with GMOs. Its not some scientist creating a synthetic Frankenstein zombie from plastic, uranium and banana skin, its taking genes from one and putting it into another to get the best of both worlds. We aren't breaking ethical boundaries doing it on humans, and the plants don't suffer, in fact they end up flourishing. Pretty much every food we eat has been genetically altered for our benefit. Whereas we used to rely on selective breeding, now we can expedite the process and cut out a lot of waiting for successive generations. Many foods are already GMOs and they have been lifesavers in developing countries.
GMO is the best thing that happened.
I found the GMO'd banana to be interesting. I say we eat them. Why not? I think nowadays most food is genetically modified in some ways so... It's all good. Now I wish I had a banana. Lol
They both almost cut their finger with the banana water/plant one. Made me so nervous haha
My hatred for bananas is keeping me safe from a banana disease
Whattt? You don't have a separate banana fridge? Thats nuts 😂
These almost feel like Collegehumor parodies
Another great video Ann. Well researched and very interesting. I just hope the algorithm is kind to it.
I've had that banana skin "pulled pork" it's actually quite nice. Got the recipe from "Goodful"
I hope you have snapchat, because there is a 🤦 video from 5 Min crafts you need to check out on items that you buy that you could make at home. Oh my!
Haha zombie banana! I thought it was reversed tbh =P
Saucy baby🤣🤣🤣
Huh i didnt know dark clothing had better block than light clothes.  I thought the Banana UV Beads looked even DARKER than the control! Might have been the camera though lol. Also, what about watermelon for UV protection? I have heard that can work in a pinch... can you test this one please??!
Happy december im late but hopefully christmas cakes will be out?
the banana and chocolate ting is super popualr in sweden as far i know, we have it wrap in foile and then  grill it. i love it but dont think you should do it in a microwave
You need to debunk coconut oil as sunscreen
6:25 we should wear light colours(like white or something) cause black colour absorbs sunlight
If time were not of the essence I would guess the resistance from the wild banana could be bred into the Cavendish naturally. This kind of breeding for desirable traits is done commonly with everything from flowers and shrubs to fruits and vegetables (Did you know carrots are not naturally orange? Most people know that the  is a root vegetable that is usually orange in most grocery stores. What some people might not know is that  can be other , as well. They can be white, yellow, red, magenta, and purple. The origins of the cultivated carrot is rooted in the  carrot in the region around modern-day Afghanistan.)       So my resistance to a Frankenbanana would depend. Has the geneticist checked to find what other changes this tampering with genes might have done?  If resistance were the only trait affected that would be one thing.If the genes were changed to produce fungicide for this resistance then that would be very upsetting.  GMO corn is already on the loose. Corn was modified to make insecticide within their genes.It turned out the bugs got sick from eating the corn--So did people. Yeah, people aren't meant to eat insecticide, Who would have thought.    And the "containment" of the experiment was basically distance miles away from other corn. Unfortunately, Bees and other pollinators can fly for miles so the nasty GMO genes were bred into the natural corn. The GMO corn spread.(it also had unfortunate effects on the pollinators).  When farmers sued Monsanto because the Franken genes were appearing in their crops Monsanto showed their concern by suing the farmers for stealing "intellectual property".     So again can we find conclusively that genetically modified bananas aren't a danger to crops and people? important to know., since these companies have showed themselves to be untrustworthy.
Ann : *make a banana vid Minions : YAAASSS
Of course a Greek person would microwave a banana stuffed with chocolate. 😂
what I learned from this video:  I've been storing my bananas correctly for best longevity. WOOT. Fridge nanners for life!  In regards to GMOs, it is such a wide ranging phrase that really applies to almost everything we eat these days. Genetic modification can be used for good (like with the current banana situation) or evil (like with almost everything Monsanto does - such as purposefully creating vegetables that can't reproduce or if they do reproduce the vegetables grown from them are disgusting so as to force farmers to keep coming back for more seeds each year and to prevent average people from being able to use the veg they find in grocery stores to start their own gardens).
10:31 "Even monkeys peel bananas." This tells a lot.
Commenting for engagement, but since you asked, I'm all for GMOs being used to solve real issues we might have with food/nutritional shortages!
On GMO: it is just a modernization of techniques used in hundreds of years: look at apples, carrots and potatoes. By cross breeding and selection, we get the efficient and nutricioys foods we have today. So on the health front, they are basically the same. Even on the religious or ethical front it still is another man-made interference in the natural growth of plants.  The biggest issue with GMO's is the proprietary aspect of it. The biotech company that produced the strain can patent the genetic code and force farmers to pay a fee and/or buy the seeds directly from them. This is very restrictive to the local farmersvand even forces smaller plantations out of business in favor of the megafarms.
Even stores are wrapping the tops of bananas now 😂
BBQ bananas with chocolate in are legit
Banana is banana, I don’t care if it’s genetically modified as long as it’s banana.
"even monkeys peel bananas" LOL
Can’t you just freeze bananas and use them to people over the head with? I feel like freezing bananas is a lot more effective than anything these life hack channels offer.
I love Dave, I love how trusting he is of you and how he is willing to try everything.    When it comes to GMOs, I'm in favor.  Study after study show they are safe.  There are precautions that do need to be taken, and each individual strain should be studied and verified safe before released to production, but as the earth's population increases, and especially as we start losing crop lands due to increased populations and global warming, we have to make more resistant crops.  And a GMO, something that is controlled is a lot better than having to breed over and over waiting to get the right mutations.
You can do the one with the microwaved banana but instead of microwaving it you have to put it on the barbie. It actually tastes quite nice that way. Also, you have to cut into the banana much deeper, almost to the point of completely going through it.
I don't have a problem with GMO food as long as it has been tested as safe for consumption
When did people start liking being pale? If I go out in the sun I want to get a tan!
I feel bad for dave who has to always eat disgusting food hacks
brilliantly done
I love how Dave gives your worst creations the best reviews.
If GMO is used just to make the food look better or is actually harmful to humans, then I'd be against it. If it it'll be helpful to keeping foods from being wiped out or becoming rare and expensive, then go for it. I like bananas
Anyone else weirded out by how the wild bananas looked? I know that's how they normally look but they were just freaky
Banana peels are traditionally eaten in many countries - and not just as a hard times food. Do look up some actual recipes that don't involve copious amounts of BBQ sauce!
I just noticed that the bananas I bought in the store have plastic wrap on the stems. This misinformation is spreading to the producers/exportes of bananas. Thank you for your great work.
Bananas are gross. Lol. The smell makes me gag.
You can make amazing banana bread with overripe bananas instead of throwing them away!
If you want to keep bananas for as long as possible keep them in a very cold refrigerator. The outside may brown but the inside will stay good and chilled
Probably next one is dip a banana inside an uncooked ramen
oh please Lemon is a product of GMO, critiques against GMO are baseless fearmongering narratives.
"Saucy baby" I love it!
All corn is a GMO, all commercially available papaya is a GMO, most breeds of dogs are GMOs. There has been no substantive proof that GMOs are any less nutritive than their "natural" counterparts. GMOs are also much more sustainable and are the answer to feeding the 25% increase in world population by 2050.
GMOs, especially with protecting food plants, are brilliant, amazing marvels of science, but also f*** the Monsanto corporation who controls most of it
It seems like the banana on the beeds amplified the color of the beeds
I think that the idea of hanging the bananas to make them ripe slower came from a meme which says that when you hang up the bananas, they will think they still are in a tree so they will not ripe until "harvest" again.
5-MC is going bananas XD
A chilli inside a banana inside a watermelon is the vegan equivalent of a turducken
As an expert, what recipe you think is the best to do with brown bananas? It would be great to have a good recipe to make instead of wasting the bananas, and I don't know none
Does Ann have a bird? You can hear a little bit of a sound at 24:33 and before and it sounds like a little bird haha
What people don't know is that most of our food ia already genetically modified already. So hearing people up in a tissy not wanting to eat this "new" banana, should then go and eat the wild banana that's mostly seeds and no meat that we genetically altered for generations to have more meat to eat. Same with the watermelon, the apple, carrots, broccoli, Brussels sprouts, should I go on?
I'd like to see a hybrid with the Gros Michel. I've always read it tasted better. Is there DNA left of it anywhere to crossbreed with?
The banana with chocolate in it, you should dress in foil and grill it. In Sweden we call it the Hajkbanan.
love ur debuking vidssss ❤️️❤️️
Everything we eat is genetically modified, whether in a lab or by selection over time. There's no reason to be a purist about gmos.
Okay the chocolate and banana one is actually good. My family puts marshmallow fluff/marshmallows in the banana and then wrap it in tin foil and leave it in the oven for about ten minutes.
"Even monkeys peel bananas"   That busted my gut
I can understand being anti-GMO when you consider companies like Sorrento trademarking crops and then sueing smaller farmers when the crops inevitably cross-pollinate BUT i really think the solution to that isn't not eating GMO foods it's not allowing companies to be terrible. Honestly there's nothing wrong with GMO and we as humans have been genetically modifying plants for literal ages since we domesticated corn in, what, I think it was Mesopotamia?
Banana Boats! Splitting a banana and adding chocolate, marshmallows, nuts, etc., wrapping them in foil, and putting them in the coals was something that we would do at Girl Scout camp for dessert.  We would do a cookout to teach the girls how to cook over a fire.   We did this when I was a kid and later as a counselor.   I'm surprised Dave wasn't too impressed by the flavor 😕
She did more research on bananas for this video than I've done on anything throughout college! Also, I think all these debunk videos should be called "How Not To Cook That" lol
gmo =farma owning your food ...there is no seeds its all lab...if lab brakes everyone now dies
Wasn’t  the corn we eat today gmo’d?
I love Dave! Everybody be like Dave! cheers
Honestly, the GMO discourse is so stupid. You can't draw a line between, "something nicer" and "wiping out someone food source" because - surprise, surprise - making something nicer is how it becomes someone's food source. Basically everything we eat these days is genetically modified. You should see what the cavendish bananas looked like before we selectively bread the tomato-like internal structures out of them.  They looked scary as heck, and weren't very sweet.  Anti-GMO is just the same thing as being anti-science. Do the people who killed golden rice because "ITS AWFUL AND GMO" not care that it was made to solve the problem of huge numbers of Chinese people dying from vitamin deficiency? No. I guess lives don't matter if their not white and rich.
When the meat shortage stage of 2020 finally hits, at least I know I can cook up some saucy banana peel.
Hello Ann, I absolutely love your channel and its contents.I hope you can forgive any gramatical mistakes made in this comment. That being said,  I'm actually from Panama and  I absolutely love that you talked about the Panama Disease because funny enough ,even though it has our name it  does not originate from our country. Here, we have three provinces ( there are 10 in total) whose  economic stability used to depend and for some it still actually depends on the cultivation of the fruit. Its role on our history is such that back in the 1921 in the Coto War with Costa Rica the US (who back then owned the banana plantations in both of the border provinces with said country) purposely, for their sole benefit,  made us renounce area being disputed even though we had actually won the war. The third province I mentioned is actually one of several indigenous territories in the country and the bananas make up a good portion of their daily caloric intake. You can pretty much find a banana plant anywhere in the country if you look hard enough. Banana cultivations in just one province usually generate about 7 thousand jobs for people and therefore it is also the main income for thousands of families that live in remote areas where other jobs are nonexistent. The fruit itself is actually one of our main export products so you can imagine what a complete wipeout would do to our economy.   Its starting to get long so I`ll wrap it up. I believe I once saw a documentary that said that bananas as we know them are doomed. I can try to find the link but its been quite a while since I saw it. The problem is that they are simply not a stable produce that we can maintain, and when the Panama Disease appears its almost unstoppable and can end with about 60%  plantation it a matter of years because even if you cut the tree and burn it  its already been weeks or months since its been sick and therefore it just a waiting game until the next plant starts showing signs. However, burning them does slow down the plant death rate and infection for obvious reasons. Also its quite difficult to differentiate from another sickness with causes the same wilting in the leaves that is one of the main visible symptoms. Another problem is that we as human beings have gotten so used to our cavendish bananas that changing to a resistant variety is simply not an economically viable option because most either don't look or taste the same and therefore the demand will not be the same.   In behalf of our country I would like to thank every single scientist that is trying to find a solution because it´s a silent killer that could end with bananas as we know them. I hope we can save them so that the world can keep on having as many delicious bananas as they want.   Love, M.   pd:Sorry for the long post.
Poor dave....
God. Those large seeded banana will give me nightmares.
GMOs are good/fine in my opinion. They havent done any bad (to my knowledge) and give us the ability to fix problems exactly like this one. I also know that we wouldn’t have certain fruits and vegetables without GMOs, but I could be wrong there as well.
That wild banana really made the trypophobia rear its ugly head
me: gets badly sunburned two years ago all over my shoulders and face  ann: “you can double your chances of melanoma by getting bad sunburn as a teenager” me: *smothers my whole body in suncream when going out at night* me: Not today satan
Lul i liek how jt says hoe to cook that ann reardon w zero ounctuation
All my homies love GMOs
It's not that bad if bananas rote a little bit, you can make cake and smoothie with them.
I think the chocolate in the banana in the microwave is supposed to be an “easy” version of a campfire food (Called banana boats I think). We do a campfire treat here in the states where you slit the banana and put peanut butter, chocolate, marshmallows etc. wrap in foil and set in the coals for a few mins. Turns out much better that way 🙂
Why would anyone ever throw out brown bananas when you could make MUFFINS out of those?? I mean, there are a lot of things you could make out of soft bananas. Muffins are just my favorite thing to make.
My family are big believers on not black but older bananas release more sugar and in a way are more sweet, so theyre better for making liquados and banana bread. Please let me know if this is wrong tho.
GMO can be used to make plants survive high herbicide/pesticide doses, which I dislike because it's unhealthy for the water table, and surrounding communities. Also, I am averse to "copyrighting" genes for a number of reasons (cross-pollination is stealing?)  But generally, modifications that increase nutritional content, or make plants naturally resistant to pests or disease are some of the greatest achievements of humankind. When I was a kid, twice as many people in the world were starving. That's hundreds of millions more people, and we've reduced that through innovations including GMOs, despite growing populations. I am in awe of the scientists and engineers who have made those things possible.
My dad has insisted on keeping our bananas in a produce bag for years to keep them ripe and it's the worst! You can't tell when they're starting to get mushy and gross inside. But he's convinced they're keeping longer because of the outside and I can't convince him otherwise.
I dont know enough about this specific situation so apologies in advance, but i do know there were issues with GMO crops engineered by, say, American companies encroaching on farming space in countries like India, and big companies forcing farmers there to use their seeds and the water run off from these crops having an adverse effect on the ppl living in that area. As a concept? I dont think theres a problem with GMOs. But i think the conversation stopping at the concept rather than its actual application might be a problem
crying with that ugly ass banana with seeds it looked like some sort of dinousaur egg or something 😭 crazy that thats how they are supposed to look tho,,,,,,, im always learning new things with you ann you are my favorite teacher ily<3
Ann! You should get in touch with the Sweeter Banana Co-op in WA, they do amazing work to reduce banana food waste and they support their growers really well- very ethical.
Not me watching a half an hour banana hack debunking video when I don’t even eat bananas
I live in a country where people has died for the banana. We call it the bananas massacre, it happend around 1928 or si. And well still nowday, theres been a lot of death, blood, tears, people leaving their land just for the banana.
I love your debunking videos! We all do!!
The antihype against GMOs is just as sinister as the antivaxxer movement. If there wasn’t such a stigma against GMO food crops, we could be making serious steps towards permanently solving world hunger. I used to try to boycott brands that slapped big “no GMO” labels on their products but it’s nigh impossible to find anything without it now and it’s maddening.
Not to be picky but the audio was really quiet on this episode.
I find that GMO when used for things like this I am totally fine with but when used without reason or with abandon it’s not as great
hi
If anything, the banana peel seemed to magnify the uv effects! Lol
"No, using cofee grounds wont dye your cloths, you need to use a separete chemical to make the dye stick. Or you can just stop wasting everybody's time and buy the shirt in the collor you want it in in the first place, you fu..."
People fail to understand that gmos  have no effect on us, and there's no chemicals or fish genes in apples and bullshit like that, they're totally safe for us, the real problem is about those gmos entering the ecosystem.
I just love how I always learn a lot in this channel, is not just entertaining, is educational 💟 also anne's voice calms me down so much, I always come to the channel when I'm anxious
Learned tons! Thanks.
The microwaved chocolate/banana thing is delicious! We do it while camping, they're called Banana Boats. You wrap the banana in tin foil and you shove graham crackers, chocolate bits, and marshmallows into it and close the tin foil, let it cook on the coals for a few minutes and it's really good! Maybe its just not as good from the microwave.
"Let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try!" music to my ears
cavendish are terrible in flavour and texture both ; A; fortunately we get other cultivars here, i only like the latundan/rastali if i had the choice
SHE HAS HOLO NAILS
I love how you break down the information bit by bit in detail. Thank you for this 😁
Each video has so much research done. I love it!!
dont show this to beeeyyyn
We have baking hacks, clothing hacks, and now BANANA HACKS WHOOOO THE TRIFECTA IS COMPLETE
As a person, who had Melanoma skin cancer as a child. Your small, but important PSA was so nice and important. Thank you!🧡
Girl how are you holding those moldy bananas!???
very interesting! Great research!
The bad thing about gmo is basically that we tend to loose control about those genes, like in breeding, or in corn. Wild corn and other varieties are being wiped out because of gmo and domestiated corn, and if we are not careful that is possibly going to happen with the gmo cavendish banana just like what happened beafore
I'd eat the GMO bananas
But I still wonder why organic banana get pre wrapped in the stem. Just for the superior status?
The banana with the hairdryer was a video that was played backwards.  Also most foods have already been GMO'ed.  People from pre history started it and it has always been part of the food system.
I don't eat bananas anymore, because I saw a video where spiders were living inside of it.
For me personally, I don't care if they modify the banana as long as it is safe and helping the banana survive.
With genetic engineering, I think it's a great tool, but just like any tool it can be used for good or bad. We don't call chefs knives bad just because they could be used to stab someone, so why call genetic engineering bad just because you could do something bad with it? I think the technique is fine, and our focus should be on what uses we allow, and improved safety testing for food in general.  There's a lot of disinformation and misinformation about about genetic engineering out there, but also about conventional farming.  Many people have the idea that conventional farming is very 'natural' (itself more of a buzzword than anything meaningful), when in reality us taking things from the wild and breeding them into things we like isn't all that natural.  But to go even further, conventional agriculture (including organic) also uses mutagenic breeding techniques, in which a plant is exposed to mutation-causing chemicals or radiation, hope for the best, see if there's any new mutations which have preferable characteristics, and then breed those into the supply.  Again, that's not genetic engineering or GMO, that's accepted as part of conventional farming.  It's how we get things like seedless fruits and ruby red grapefruits (which absolutely exist with organic labels as well).  This technique is safe, but surely it should sound more scary that we're just blasting our fruits and veggies with mutation causing radiation and chemicals, and then just hope for the best, compared to genetic engineering in which a specific part of genetic DNA is taken from one organism and put inside of another so that it takes on the desired characteristics (usually that's at least within the same kingdom, so from one plant to another; although sometimes DNA from various kingdoms is also inserted into micro-organisms to have them rapidly produce certain organic compounds which can be used for various purposes including natural food additives and medicine; there is also a distinction between heterogenesis and homogenesis; with homogenesis, DNA from a similar plant is being transferred, which would for example be the case in the banana example, whereas heterogenesis concerns transferring DNA from a non-related species)  The problems with genetic engineering aren't with the technique itself, and anyone who tries to make you think otherwise is either misinformed or trying to mislead you. There are however problems with the way it might be used, but they're related to how the technique is used, and business practices of the companies that produce them, but tackling those problems isn't a matter of outlawing genetic engineering, it's about making clear laws on what it may be used for, clear laws on the business practices involved with it, clear laws on testing and validation requirements.   My university has a good overview which could serve as a good starting place if you want to know more https://www.wur.nl/en/Dossiers/file/Genetic-modification-1.htm (For those wondering: I myself am a student in BSc Food Technology; genetic engineering is outside of my scope, as we focus more on everything between the harvested crop to the products you eat, trough various disciplines such as chemistry, physics, microbiology, process engineering, and quality design; genetic engineering is however a personal topic of interest for me, which is why I've read up about it more than I need to)
My son: I want BANANAS for DDDDAAAAYYYYSSSSS.....and after I bought 5.. A day later: but I didn't say NOW! KIDS... Guess I'll be making banana bread, maybe THAT'S why he wanted me to buy them hahaha
Thanks for the information and all the research you did to prepare this video. It is really appreciated. A lot of good points brought up in here that are worth thinking about
God, I'm so tired of hearing people rage against genetically modified food. Cases like this show that genetic engineering is one of our ONLY good weapons against food shortage.
some variation of bananas are actually taste really good when cooked (like deep-fried or steamed) especially the one that also has sour taste
Chocolate stuffed bananas were always my favourite as a kid 🙈 we used to stuff them and wrap them in foil then put them on the bbq while it cools 😋😋 super yummy!
Cavendish bananas are already genetically modified so I don’t understand why people are making a big deal about this man trying to make them resistant to a disease 😓
Am I crazy or did that UV banana beads actually look more colorful than the control?? 6:25
I have no problem with GMO foods. We humans have been genetically modifying our food for millennia. The only thing that has changed is the methods. The modern genetic modification techniques  are done in laboratories and are MUCH more precise and therefore MUCH faster. How could anyone think that is a bad thing?
While there are certainly some legitimate concerns regarding genetically engineered foods (government regulation, corporate copyright abuse, creating monocultures, etc), when people discuss GMOs it's never about those things, it's always just "it's so unnatural," which is scientifically speaking a non-argument. By that logic, we should all still live in caves as hunter-gatherers. Saving a staple crop, however, is the sort of thing food engineering should definitely be used for. It's not changing the genetic make-up of a wild population and since cavendish bananas are already a monoculture there's no need to be concerned about a lack of genetic diversity. The new gene is from another banana type (species? cultivar?), so it's not what I think of when I hear "frankenfood." I'd much rather eat a practically identical engineered version of a thoroughly domesticated crop than eat the "non-gmo" version except it's been laced with fungicides which may harm me or, more likely, the banana farmers. The argument is kind of moot, however. The banana industry won't let the cavendish die out, and the fruit is too cheap and popular for the majority of consumers to completely boycott a perfectly safe food because it has science in it. I hope when these fusarium resistant bananas become mainstream, it will open up real discussions about how to regulate genetic engineering, rather than more useless fear-mongering.
I dont know why this is, but I've found when I buy greenish banana from the shop. They stay green for a really long time, and ripen almost immediately when I take them out. Not sure if something is up with my bananas or if that's a thing.
Just make banana bread/muffins if your bananas brown. That's what my mom makes me do.
A real hack is to put them in zip lock bags or little containers and freezing bad bananas to save them for banana bread.
bannana
Actually I don't even know why I watched this.  I can't even eat bananas!
People afraid of GMOs make me laugh. We've been doing it ever since the first gardens were made via cross-pollinating and selective seed choice from plants with mutations.
Love your aar woth 5 mimute crafts!! Can be boycott them?!?! They are dangerous too many times scammers and anyone that follows them is an idiot!
From what I've read, being anti-GMO is more of a panic than anything. I have problems with big corporations owning the rights to GMO processes, but that's an issue of capitalism and corporate monopolies, not a distrust in modifying something.
Use it if you want whitening: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005001590809231.html?spm=5261.13614333.0.0.167c4dcenOLxbU
I used to watch Bananas in Pajamas as a child and I loved how they said banana and bananas 🍌  this is reminiscent of that and I just loved it ❤
That aloe thumbnail is so photoshopped it HURTS
When my bananas go zombie I make banana bread
that wild banana just singlehandedly gave me trypophobia
lol I am from Greece and use Nordvpn to see Australias web!😂😂😂
You are an amazing food journalist.
Overripe bananas are the best to use when you make banana bread
I want those beads
I'm pro-GMO foods.
If youve have 5 sunburns in your lifetime your at a higher risk for skin cancer. Learned that from dr mike. I think it was him anyway
The aloe Vera plant video cover one is so photoshopped
I am sometimes against GMOs, because huge corporations patent genetically modified foods and basically cannibalize the profits from small farmers who buy seeds from them.
I'm allergic to raw bananas, so for me the crucial part of the process is to leave them out on the counter for a week and then peel and mash them for banana bread...
Honestly gmo bananas are fine as long as it doesnt alter the taste immensely or stop me from making banana bread :)
What about in the fridge on a ziploc with an apple👀
It's infuriating that dangerous misinformation is being used for profit by 5 minute crafts & similar channels.  I had skin cancers cut off my back when I was 25. I'm a medical professional and I'm passionate about sun safety because I know the consequences. Thanks Ann, I'd love to share some of this video as a public service announcement
The 448 peope that disliked this video are all of 5-Minute Crafts channels. Fact.
man im watching this video to procrastinate writing a paper about GMOs
Another reason they could've used for the sunscreen one is that in natural homemade sunscreens some people use bananas in the recipe for texture
bananas with seeds are my nightmare fuel
I am not specifically anti gmo, my main concern with gmo is biodiversity. When all of our crops are from the same few gmo stocks, we lose the diversity that keeps our systems working. Gmos are not inherently bad, but our use of them poses many risks that need to be addressed.
GMO's are really useful but the issue for me is the patents and the amount of time it takes to research. The research can take decades plus more years for testing. If a certain company like monsanto creates a new seed, farmers usually have to buy it every year so it can become costly for them. Other than that, I'd have to do some research but I haven't heard of anything bad happening healthwise because of GMO's. I do have an aunt who doesn't like how slowly her apples turn brown because it's ~unnatural~
Yay banana bread at Ann's house Lessgo!
All bananas are GMO'd!! Hence the no seeds. Why would this new banana make any difference??
ok there are a lot of banana hacks lol. anyway thank you for seriously showing us what happens and debunking videos online. you are amazing and doing wonderful work. great feedback and honesty too, its refreshing. i love your channel and cant wait for next video
The main question with GMO is who owns the IP? Monsanto and the like really screw farmers over in both the affluent and more impoverished countries. Not only do you have to re-buy seed every year, but Monsanto are very law-suit happy, suing for all sorts of nonsense, some of it just ridiculous (eg your crops get pollinated by a neighbouring GMO field = stealing their IP), some of it provably false, but they drown the farmers in legal fees until they give in.   Even if the variant is created by a university, and that university manages to do that work without outside investment getting involved, and make the patent open to everyone... where do the seeds come from? Who is producing them and what do they decide to charge? How are new plants propagated? From cuttings? From seeds that are gene-edited individually each time? From stock gene-edited stem cells? Do the resulting plants produce seed? Do they breed true?  I *think* with bananas they are mostly clones anyway (hence their susceptibility to disease) so possibly the question of propagation wouldn't be an issue. But you have to think about who sells them and under what conditions. Also whether they need special treatment eg the application of specific pesticides/fertilisers etc possibly sold by that same supplier.   If its a single gene edit, that's probably not going to affect the taste, plant behaviour, allergenic proteins etc. But it might not be that specific. Does the banana we are taking the gene *from* have any negative properties we don't want?  It's a complex bio-socio-political issue.
People who are against GMO don't really understand what it is in my experience. I'm certainly against corporations patenting seeds, but that is not the same conversation.
simply ben logical liked this
One of the few foods you've fed Dave that wasn't disgusting, and it was banana peels. Haha. I've had some good "hard times" peel foods, they're much better than you think they'd be. People can be so resourceful! I think the aloe roots are real but it's a hydroponically grown aloe (i.e. it was grown in water, not a banana or soil).
I actually love cooked banana and melted chocolate! Although usually wrapped in a tinfoil package and thrown on smoldering embers after a BBQ. (Rather than a microwave). It makes for a great, convenient, and not too unhealthy (as long as you limit the chocolate pieces) BBQ dessert.
hey guys remember that one internet historian video. Yeah this is that
Although sunscreen is great, try to use a non aerosol sunscreen as it is better for the environment <3
18:59  umm... wtf?!  They really got that backwards!  The ethylene gas from the bananas is supposed to make other fruit ripen faster!  Apples, peppers, tomatoes.... I've seen that mentioned in various gardening forums, but an apple ripening up bananas?  And not to mention that 'ripe' bananas are actually the brown mushy ones, so no way would that even keep them edible anyway!  But of course like you said, the artificial ethylene gas means they don't produce it themselves so this doesn't really work like it would with bananas would have been harvested ripe directly from the trees anyway.
I'm all for genetically modified food. The only kind that gives me pause are the types that are made to produce natural pesticides to ward off certain pests, and the type that are modified to allow themselves to essentially be soaked in pesticides. Other than that, go nuts, want to create genetically modified food that can survive in arid landscapes with very little water, nutrients, and extreme weather? Go nuts, that could solve food shortages across the world.
I'm so happy you're talking about the Panama disease. When I've told people about it and what happened to the old banana plants, none of them believe me. They hardly even know that we have different bananas than in the 1950's.
Where i live grocery stores all have the tops of the bananas are wrapped. In Kokomo Indiana. Does no where else have them sold like that?
Banana's tastes better when it's a lot browner and you can make banana bread with it
Super interesting! Thank you Ann!
I know that misinformation about skin protection is horrible, but these are the same people that tell kids to dip strawberries in bleach to make them white.   They don't care about the consequences, they're just content farms that want money at any cost.  And the worst part is, as Ann has mentioned before, that YouTube allows them to potentially endanger people's lives for personal profit.  In fact, more than one of these cutesy life hacks have actually killed people, yet nobody even tries to take these corporations down.  However, on the bright side, (no content farm pun intended), everyone who watches Ann now knows not to try these potentially harmful things.  4.51 million people are learning how to avoid endangering themselves via these senseless attempts to make money, and isn't that wonderful?  Thank you, Ann.  Please, keep on debunking these fakers because the more you do, the less people will fall foul to them.  TL;DR: Ann is potentially saving lives.
thats a very nice cat you got there
1:58 *sorry have to do it*
Was that a cat in the background? From around the talk of freezers and throughout some of the banana lecture. It was so faint I had to stop and then rewind the video to check if it was from there or outside
I'm completely fine with GMO, especially in these sort of circumstances. I don't like how companies use GMO: where they make the plants infertile, forcing the farmers to keep buying their expensive seeds, or sometimes leaving the plants fertile, and then suing farmers for accidentally sowing their GMO plants because of cross-fertilization.
you can make the ink from the eraseable pens visible again if you chill it, by putting dry ice cubes on the erased writing. it looks pretty cool.
the lighting/ saturation is really not flattering to the food or skin. Very harsh and makes things look bad.
my banana hack: I do not purchase a banana bunch, I simply purchase the 'singles' and select various stages.. this means I have perfect Bananas every day!
The banana-chocolate one: it's common at least in Sweden, when you're barbecuing or have a camp fire to put chocolate in the banana like they did, wrap it in metal foil and put it in the fire. I haven't tried using the microwave but the fire version is very good.
That technique of inserting a gene for fungus resistance sounds just fine (with reservations) to me.  I'm not 100% in favor of GMO, not because I believe the foodstuffs are bad, but because of the influence of big money in the agribusiness interests that can afford GMO research.  I don't buy milk from cows treated with rBGH because I object to cows being made to live with over-amped lactation and sometimes bleeding into their artificially bloated udders.  I oppose rapacious engineering of GMO seed crops designed so that farmers can't use some of their product to reseed their fields, but must pay the GMO seed producers for more seed because the seeds are designed to be sterile.  We'll have to see how these resistant banana plants are marketed.  Will it be done to create the most profit for the makers, all other considerations disregarded, or will the social impact and welfare of the farmers and rural economies be taken into account?
Am I the only one who's gonna say it?  Okay then, Anne has the cutest fingernail polish in these videos!
When I was in the scouts we had the chance to cook a meal and the dessert we did was a Banana that had slits cut in the flesh then you fill the slits with chocolate chunks and cook it lightly, not till so soggy that's just gross, but till the chocolate is melted it actually tastes lovely.   Bearing in mind this was literally cooking on the spot on a fire powered grill
I dont think genetically modified foods are bad, especially if they are bred, or injected with the DNA then their offspring hold that DNA.  Gmo can be done right, and you shouldn't worry about it much
thx for debunking videos for us. its helpful and informative and i cant wait for your next video
People often ask why did you unlike this video. Well I was about to fall asleep but this is only my opinion. I do not mean to cause an argument but I just wanted to tell my opinion of this very boring video.
Bless Dave!!!
HUGE TRIPOPHBIA TRIGGER AT 27:54
GMO in and of itself is definately not the problem in my opinion. We've been doing it since people started farming. The sweet potatoe is the GMO version of a normal potatoe and it's been around for a long time. The way some evil corporations are using it, is a whole different conversation (looking at you Monsanto). That banana-disease, where it stems from and what it entails sure is a fascinating thing to look at. But what people rarely talk about is the unbelievably cruel and dangerous working conditions for the people working at these plantations. They get paid almost nothing, they basically get sprayed with really harmful pesticides that can be carcinogenic and are generally not great for the human body and long hours in a physically demanding job. Not to mention the people living near these plantations that have nothing to do with it get sprayed too. It's judt a really important conversation to have i think.
Ann Reardon: Me: Ann Reardon said we have to get a separate banana fridge!
oops...did I eat that 100 billion XD
that picture of wild banana will give me nightmares, I dunno why,  it made me gag
People biased against GMO make me so angry. They have zero idea what it stands for, and by their irrational fear they slow down the development of this branch.
I've heard that 1950s banana is the inspiration for the banana flavouring, that's why banana flavoured candy tastes so different from actual bananas. Is that true?
My question still remains: what’s the problem with ripe bananas?
The aloe in the first clip is such a crappy photoshop
I am 100% for ethical GMOs particularly in cases like this where it protects economy and nutrition in at risk populations. That wild banana though triggered my trypophobia like nobody's business and I will never forgive it for that :(
GMOs are awesome, they're really the only way forward, were running out of arable land as is . Also  you should listen to the Skeptics guide to the universe podcast, it'll be right up your alley.
Off topic but related to other things you do.  Trixie Mattel recently made a 1 million sub celebratory cake.  It went horribly wrong.  Perhaps the next time you do a cake fixing vid you could use her train wreck of a cake to help people learn what NOT to do.  Just to make it more intresting... she uses an easy bake oven.
rip im likely to have melanoma.  Had a bad burn one day because mom forgot sunscreen, didn't think much of it, it was like 3 hours at the beach, but it was bad burn
Shout out to banana
Im a dropout biology undergraduate, so yay GMOs
I can see why people are so skeptical about GMO foods (like with the tomato that has genetic info from a fish 🤢) but so much has been done with using genetic information to fix problems. For example, one type of the COVID-19 vaccines (vector vaccines) uses genetic information from the virus that causes COVID-19 and inserts it into another weaker virus. This weaker virus is inserted into the body and "tricks" the body to believing it has the real virus that causes COVID-19 and so the body learns how to defend itself. If genetically modifying organisms can save a whole industry and people, I'm all for it!!
Not all GMO are bad. Now it is mostly used in USA, and it is for corns, soy beans and exct.. they are made to be resistant for herbicide Roundup (Glyphosate), wich is not fine, because Glyphosate before were used for cleaning pipes, literaly. So it defenetly gets into plant and then into human bodies. That is the reason, why GMO can cause damage, just a style of farming. But using other plant genes is not bad it self, gene modificasion is not bad it self either. So planting one bannana gene into other is fine, cause that other bannana is not dangerous for health. I hope this will help for others to understand better GMO and why some people can be afraid of it, why some are not. Personaly, I am fine with GMO, what actually concerns me is still using Roundup in farming. Just like teflon, when somebody owns so much money, they decide what can be used, not the scientis, nor goverment... I have dug deep into this during my studies, but if I am wrong about sth, please correct me.
I'd have no problems eating GMO bananas. We've selected for various traits in agricultural products for centuries. Gene therapy speeds up the process.
I used to remember at brownie/girl guide camps making bananas like the one around 14:00. Chop one open fill with toffee and chocolate and throw it on a flame.  I used to just eat the chocolate and toffee 🤣
Not gonna lie... Kinda watched this just to hear an Australian say banana for 30min
People in Central América cook plantain's skins as a hard times food. Although they're really similar to bananas, they're not exactly the same. Plantains are really cheap and with some rice, they would be a really cheap meal.
My wine cellar keeps a temperature of 57F. I am going to try keeping them in there from now on.
Talking about bad times, here in Venezuela, a lot of people do cook the banana peel as if they were cooking meat, I have try it once, )it taste good-sort of)
There are a couple brands of bananas that you buy here which come with the tops wrapped in a rubbery or waxy film so there must be some reason for it.
Had to turn my volume way up to hear you on this video and then ads nearly broke my speakers. Never had this issue on your videos in the past.
Just a thought: what if you store bananas in cold water?
I also feel bad for dave
I don't know  why I  clicked on the video because I'm allergic to bananas
Do you have a kitten because there are kitten sounds 😂
Inject a plant with an animal gene? =NOPE ... Inject a plant with a gene from a different variety of same plant family? = A-OK!
The banana thing is so widespread that in posh supermarkets in the US the fancier bananas (organic non gmo yadayadayada) come with a little wrapper over the top... so much plastic wasted. Someone should really raise the issue!
I usually wrap the bananas in newspaper, or a paper bag, and leave on the counter. They stay fresh for a longer time than hanging them up
A previous variety of banana called the Gros Michel went the same way that the Cavendish. It may have been bigger, tasted better and lasted longer. The next variety, after the Cavendish goes, might be the Goldfinger but reportedly these taste more like apples than the Cavendish.
The blow dry banana one in the original was reversed I think
Thank you for doing these videos.  Think of all the money people have wasted on all these bogus video recipes.
The quality in both research and entertainment is what I love about Ann's videos. I came for banana hacks and ended up learning about agriculture and GMOs 🍌
✨ 𝓸𝓸 𝓼𝓪𝓾𝓬𝔂 𝓫𝓪𝓫𝔂 ✨
Isn't a banana a berry?
For me, GMO foods are welcome as long as they aren't causing issues around the plant or in people. The studies they do take that out of the equation, so I'm not bothered. Also, people who are so anti GMO, do y'all not eat banana at all? Because there have been several modifications done to the genetics of the banana to get it to the banana we know. It's been mentioned here but the banana breed before this Cavendish & Cavendish 2.0 banana was wiped out until they genetically modified it. The only way you'll ever taste that previous banana, or at least get a similar taste, is banana candy. Because the previous banana was used as the taste profile. It's why banana candy didn't taste like banana to us.
dogs are GMO wolves
If you don't like gmos, don't eat corn. Humans have been genetically modifying food since we figured out how to grow it
Oh no, cooked banana is one of the best things in the world, especially when you cook it on a barbecue
I have seen a channel that is Troom troom like it’s called “123 go school” could you investigate it to see if it’s a content farm
I have mercy for Dave. Poor man.
You don’t have to eat the GMBs but it’s that or suffering from a food shortage :/ this type of genetically modified food sounds entirely ok, we could get the same outcome eventually with crossbreeding these bananas (maybe idk I’m not a specialist but generally breeding compatible plants together gets a mix of the two) but how long would you be willing to wait during said food shortage?
That moment when 5 minute crafts makes something remotely edible.... I never thought I'd see the day.
GMOs are fine to eat and the vast majority of foods we eat are GMOs. Apples, oranges, wheat, rice, etc. have all more than likely been genetically modified at some point through science or just plain breeding. If you're anti-GMO, you more than likely just don't understand what GMOs are.
the conversation on gmos is frustrating because most of our food is genetically modified from so many different ways and i feel like it’s just a fear mongering tactic for companies
so many of these just seem to involve _wasting things_ and I hate that.
LOVE David! Me and David going Sossy at the same time, lol.....and monkys peel bananas, OMG LOL.
I didn't worked because she's a non-believer ... it's her energies and stuff.
You can still get the Gros Michel banana I had them in Thailand of all places! Maybe we can modify them to make them resistant too!
I'm not worried about gmos at all, what I am worried about is the massive amounts of pesticides we use.   Also Cavendish bananas are infertile and cannot reproduce so they're all grown from cuttings of eachother. So they're basically gmos already
We never threw bananas, we smoothies lol I just love your informative and up to the point vids... keep the good work and god bless
If anything, I'd say the banana beads are even darker.
Random octopus clip?
5 Minute Crafts be like: haha poisonous food go brrrrrr    5 Minute Crafts is stupid and cheap way to make money.
I have never seen a 5 minute whatever video but I think I am more entertained by the debunking video then I would be by the 5 minute video
personally, i think gmo can be great and super helpful! this example with bananas is a great example. bananas are super important, and if they were to disappear, it would affect almost everybody. but with new sciences, we can protect these bananas, and everyone whos lives revolve around the process of them. though, people can modify things in the wrong way, and make it unsafe for consumption. it is a tough decision, but it all really depends on the way people modify things!
Do I see Holo Taco on you nails there? ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
5 min crafts name really should be "but why would we do this?"
I honestly think GMO’s are the future of food and have the potential to help countless people.. my understanding from reading studies about GMO’s is that they have been equated to just as safe as organic but there is so much negative propaganda about them ie “frankenfood” and that the first thing that pops up when you type in GMO is an ani gmo food group... while there are definitely negatives about GMO’s mostly the business practices of the gmo creators like Monsanto GMO’s have so many more positive attributes that can help people and save the environment and be just as safe as the “organic” food that gets attributed to be healthier...
My only concern with the gmo bananas is the possibility of the Panama disease fungus mutating to work around the resistant genes put into the Cavendish banana and becoming a much larger agricultural threat.
Your voice is so soothing. I watch your videos right before my bedtime <3
Thanks for existing !
The sunscreen one angers me SO MUCH.  That needs to be taken down. She is correct - it's potentially life-threatening.
It looks like the beads that had banana on it got darker which tells me the burn would be worse than nothing at all
27:54 Cookies and cream banana...
Her: I know some of you are already typing angrily in the comments that you can’t do the experiment properly because the control bananas will let of ethylene gas and therefore all the other bananas will ripen quicker  Me: Oh yeah 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️😅
100 million bananas purchased. 500k bananas consumed.   The rest spoiled before being remembered
Dave calling the peel "The packaging" is the best thing ever. Also anyone eating modern corn or modern bananas are eating genetically modified foods, so they really shouldn't be against the new bananas either.
Disinformation needs to be controlled.
This was great Ann! Very informative and fun to watch.
Turning bananas in our house, this means banana bread or banana pudding! 😋 Although, this rarely happens because we eat our bananas… So when it does happen, it’s a good day!
A friend of mine always put those bananas with chocolate pieces on the Bbq and then we ate it with whipped cream and ice cream. I liked it, it was like a banana sorbet.
Save the banana!
I feel like anyone who's anti-GMO just has mo idea what GMO actually means or how the process works or what it's actually used for and if you told them that the vast majority of our 'natural' foods were actually GMO (including bananas!!) Their minds would be unable to compute what you're telling them. There's just so much fearmongering surrounding GMOs and it's not really something you're taught about in school (at least where I grew up in Texas) so people just hear this idea that GMOs are bad and should be avoided and just agree without actually doing any research and it's harming so many farmers who can onky stay in business cuz of GMOs (making plants that are naturally resistant to certain diseases instead of spraying them with harmful or expensive pesticides for example)
GMO's are fine, I could see how they might sound scary but with just a little research it's clear there's little to realistically worry about. We've been doing it for centuries in another form with selective breeding etc.
Bananas are already "GMO". They're one of the most famous examples of humans radically changing a plant to suit their own purposes. Moden science just does it better.  Though really the lesson here is one that should have been learned in the 1950's: Don't just have one cultivar. There are loads of different apples, but only one banana.
I think hating gmo is really dumb. Like humans thousands of years ago already were genetically modifying plants by breeding the ones with the best genes we do the same now but 10 times faster.
Everything is GMO.  You are GMO. I am GMO.  Bite my ass, it's GMO.
interesting information
Bananas: *TRIGGERED*
I think alot of the hubbub that surrounds GMO is the notion that it's somehow unhealthy for you. This is frequently untrue. Genetic modification exists in many more things than we realize and isn't unhealthy at all. It's simply a way to make the vegetables and fruits we consume either better for us, more readily available, bigger in size or taste better. I think alot of people hear GMO and think that it's done with chemicals and hormones and then think that because we're ingesting them that they're the cause of many health problems that we experience. When the reality is that GMO is just taking one gene from one plant and splicing it with the genes from another plant to create a better plant. Just like you said in the video, genetic modification has helped save the banana from extinction several times and continues to do so. :)
✍️ buy ✍️ banana ✍️ fridge ✍️
Ann: "One bad sunburn as a child doubles the chance for melanoma when you're an adult" Me: *sweats in 20 years of sunburns*
The microwaved banana looks like a poor imitation of an old Girl Scout camping recipe wherein you cut a wedge out of the length of the banana, stuff in chocolate chips, add marshmallows, and then wrap the banana in foil and put it in the coals of your campfire to roast it a bit and melt the chocolate and toast the marshmallows. Roasting definitely produces a better flavor than a microwave.
0:35 sounds like a very weird fetish)))
I love your channel!
banana is already GMO, they don't occur in nature.
My family does something similar to the chocolate banana thing.  When we go camping we take bananas, slit them open, stuff with chocolate, nuts, marshmallows, etc... Then we wrap them in foil and toss them into the embers. It's freaking amazing!
I appreciate how educational this was, it was a pleasant surprise
When camping we used to fill bananas with chocolate and mini marshmallows and roast them in tin foil over the fire, it was so good! Microwave would be weird though I think
We have been eating “modified “ food for years, GMO is the new level, everything changes
You don’t have a banana fridge? Pffft
in my family we always made "banana boats" by cutting a slit in the middle of bananas (with the peel still on), stuff them with toppings like chocolate chips, brown sugar, butter, marshmallows, etc, and then seal them with foil and bake them (or throw them in a campfire). it was one of my favorite treats as a kid :)
GMO's feed more people sustainably and safely. Domestication is genetic modification. If you're really anti-gmo, I don't know what you could actually eat.
Those UV beads are such a great visual. Thank you for your research and help 💜
am i the only one who never got a sun burn .... maybe because i’m black ?!! idk
awesome video, i wold love a video like this but with the most eaten frute in the world: the tamotoe
About the chocolate inside the banana; Here in Norway it's actually a thing we do. But we cut it open, stuff chocolate in and wrap it in aluminum foil and put it on a grill/fire. Not sure if microwave creates the same effect. It's a good hiking snack.
It actually looks like the aloe in the first one had string glued; I swear I can see the twists of it!
Could you please do some Christmas cooking videos?
Anyone else find Ann Reardon kind of hot?
I mean, corn and apples, to name a few, are technically genetically modified crops.... I don't see anything wrong with it as it has been a regular agricultural practice to breed heartier species of plants, as well as plants that taste better (minus red delicious apple). It's in some ways like a vaccine for those bananas against a fungus that would kill their species and it helps those dependent economies and lives on that food source in tact.
"Even monkeys peel bahnahnahs."
Is that her cat?
The gmo argument to me doesn't make sense-we get better yields, bug resistant its better for produce
On the topic of GMOs, Im seeing some good comments discussing greedy companies that use GMOs badly. I will say another thing as well: based on what we’ve seen from medicines and treatments, most medicine (if not all) often has side effects and risk. I would say the same applies to GMO plants as something natural is being changed, there’s probably some unwanted side effects to the consumption of them (we may be aware to these effect but not all). This isnt to say that GMOs are bad inherently just because they may have unwanted side effects but just that its something to keep in mind for sure and weigh the factors.
Aren't Bananas already genetically modified?
That bit about the banana disease gave me existential dread 😭 If a plant can save a crop from such a disease, then surely this would be an exception for GMOs, right?
"This one isn't that bad" Dave: do we trust her? You can tell he's been through a lot😭🤣
Bananas go bad too fast so I peel and freeze them in a freezer bag. Then I put them in a banana or two in a blender with skim milk and blend them well. I sometimes add other kinds or frozen fruit but no sugar or anything else. It's really good and much healthier than other sweet treats and it's really inexpensive to make.
All those poeple who are so resolutely against "genetically modified" should take a look at pre-human-intervention fruit and eat that for a year. They'll change their mind.  Also, I think the "wrap the stem part in foil/wax/water" isn't necessairly based on any study or gas, but it just seems sort of intuition-based? Because that's the part where the banana is 'damaged' because that's where it's ripped off the stem and it's like an 'open wound'. So you would cover that part up to keep it fresh. Kind of like how you wrap cut up veggies if you put them back?
Oh lord, I remember going to summer camp when I was 11. I grew up on a farm with my grandparents, and my grandpa always said "sunscreen doesn't do anything!" (I'm paraphrasing, just imagine that but laced with profanities). Well, I refused to wear sunscreen for a whole 2 weeks. I went swimming everyday, canoeing, and generally I walked outside for hours.  I had a sunburn so bad that I not only got blisters, but the face paint I used on day 14 for a going home party stained my face for weeks. Now, I have giant pale patches on my shoulders and lots of freckles. My shoulders got it the worst because I at least wore a hat when I wasn't swimming 😬
Mold and fungus are the last thing you want when planting something....root blight are fun
Wow Dave has a stomach of steel everything! let's give it to Dave
As a biologist I find it really weird when people are skeptical about GMO...
We have been modifying fruits and vegetables since the beginning of farming. Only now we can control it better and go with the best options from the beginning. Sooo, good work banana scientist!!!
I'm all in for the GMO banana cause bananas are bananas
Poor Dave having to try all these 5 minute craft recipes
people who keep wanting to wrap their fruits in plastic: why do you hate the environment so much
I'm against cross species GMO, but if it's something within the same species, it's not much different than breeding, just faster and more accurate. Also, you need to either bring the camera up more or lower your seat, you need to show the top of your head for better framing.
Hey that's banana abuse, those videos should be reported. 💀😰😢
If someone is scared of GMO it means they're uneducated
As someone who can’t eat bananas anymore due to some form of change in my digestive system, I myself am not really affected by hearing the disease, but I know everyone around me is freaking out about savouring their bananas for possibly the last time though I’m still unable to enjoy them like I used to as a kid
i tried the first hack where you put aloe vera roots in the side of a banana but it didnt work as your one useless hacks just waste of time
The reason "wild bananas" have so many large seeds but farm bananas don't is because pre-Columbian Americans bred them over thousands of years to be as useful as possible. The same can be said for tomatoes and corn and so many other American plants, many of which died out when the US government began pushing people off their ancestral land. Either they couldn't take their plants with them, or the plants couldn't survive in the new climate. This trend of farming one kind of a plant for the entire global supply is relatively new, and it's very dangerous. Not only did it wipe out one kind of bananas in the 50s, but it was the cause of the Irish potato famine as well. And just like the current kind of bananas is at risk because every farm has the same kind of banana plant, nearly every plant we grow is a monoculture. Indigenous people spent thousands of years cultivating so many different kinds of wonderful plants, and we threw that away in favor of a farming model most easily exploitable by capitalism.
Banana peels contain fluorescent chlorophyll catabolites, which are fairly good photosensitizers and, when exposed to sunlight, may actually actively cause oxidative damage to your skin and make your sunburn worse.  This "hack" is so irresponsible!
i am a huge fan <3  u explain stuff so well, i wish u vr my teacher!! u shuld satrt teaching, students will love you <3
The chocolate-banana-microwave "hack" looks based off of a campfire/scouting recipe called a banana boat. It's pretty common in girl scouts in America. Basically, you cut an opening in the banana, stuff it full of chocolate, marshmallows, peanut butter, etc, wrap it in tin foil, and put it near warm coals for a few minutes. If it's done right, everything gets melty and delicious, but it's really easy to burn it (cause fire and also the nature of sugar). Can't imagine it tastes good in a microwave tho, that's like microwaving a smores and calling it a day
ann in every debunk video: "I would not recommend anyone to eat that also ann: Let's give it to dave
I really think people have gotten the wrong idea about what GMO actually is and means. There are no crops that are grown and sold in stores that aren't genemodified through either the help of lab techniques or just breeding the plants over decades. Both of whom are a form of GMO. Imagine the amount of landmass we'd have to cover with crops in order to sustain all the people on this planet if we DIDN'T have GMO crops... we'd really be out of rainforests by now if we did. GMO crops are for the benefit of making more without taking up more of our already limited space. also Gene modification doesn't end with just food, take a long hard look at your pet. This also applies to cows, pigs, chickens, and sheep, all of whom have been modified to produce as much meat and other products as possible through breeding over centuries.
As a biologist doing research on the topic of UV-light and skin cancer I highly appreciate your debunking of the banana sunscreen myth. Going in the sun unprotected is dangerous. But even more dangerous is putting stuff on your skin that can make it even more sensitive to the sunlight. Commercially available sunscreens have decades of research with thousands of scientists behind them and still ongoing studies to improve formulations, all in the name of protecting the consumers. So before you burn a hole in your skin by using untested all-natural remedies, trust the scientists a bit.
How can she make a video content that is both interesting and knowledgeable at the same time.
Avocados do ripen bananas faster
Love the videos, but for the sake of science I have to call you out.  The temptation of slipping into pseudo science from science is always there, we all slide down it at some point and need to be called out when we do.  I know I expect to be should I ever stumble.  Using a logical deduction to justify a slip up in an experimental method is a violation.  Additionally, the logic you used was faulty.  Ripening is a chain reaction that results in more and more ripening compounds being released throughout the entire the process, with the most being present at the end, not the beginning, but don't take my word for it, ask a fruit fly.  Funny enough, you actually disproved your own logic in your video by showing the banana sealed off from the rest was the only one that didn't rapidly ripen.  You'll need to do them all again in isolation to see what is really going on, but since you already showed the bag didn't ripen as fast, you can do them all in one view again, just put them all in their own bags.  I look forward to the follow up ;)
I think the fear of GMOs is just pure and simple misinformation.  It's easy to be against them when you're well off in a wealthy country and can easily afford the extra cost of non GMO food, but for a lot of the world GMOs are the solution to food shortages and poor access to nutritious food.  There's no evidence that GMOs are worse for you, and it helps make food more available for a lot of people.
The chocobananas are a common outdoor barbeque here where I live (🇫🇮), mostly for kids. Cut a slit in the banana, put in bits of your favourite chocolate, wrap it in aluminium foil, and put it on the barbeque. Quite nice.
Wait, so what we should do is to put bananas in a bag with an apple and store the bag in a fridge? That way the skin stays yellow from the old bag'n'apple trick, and the inside stays firm because of the cold? You solved the issue in this video without even mentioning it, such a humble person.
That means my Science teacher has been tricked too
please check out 5 minute crafts snapchat stories!!! they are worse than the youtube vids!!
Do people not realise most fruits and vegetables have been genetically modified? Also I wasn't planning on watching the whole video but you kept me very interested! And awww Dave always looks happy to help but on the inside is cussing you out XD ♡
Hatred of GMOs is based entirely on a lack of scientific understanding and bullshit fear mongering. It's functionally the same as selective breeding, which I don't see anyone complaining about 🙄
i would not recommend eating 100 million bananas you'd probably die of a potassium overdose
bring on the GMO I say, if it helps bananas and banana growers. Perhaps we could even revive the gros michel with this amazing technology, which apparently had a lovely taste compared to the cavendish.
🎕
Actually, when you put the banana covered beads on the sun they actually looked brighter than the comtrol...
I love GMOs. I wasn't aware it was an ethical issue until I took an agriculture class at the university. GMOs are helping feed people and grow plants in areas where food couldn't normally grow. Like the scientist in the video did, we can BREED plants to be bigger, better, and more resistant to diseases, instead of ingesting chemicals that are sprayed onto the crops and can flow into water sources. He crossed a breed of plant that is naturally resistant to the fungus with our bananas to achieve the fungus resistant bananas without spending the time, money, or hazard of spraying fungicide on each crop.
the banana and chocolate thing is soooo good, we make it with the hot coals of our bbq when we have one!
You can eat banana peels, but they just need a bit more cooking! Scrape out the white stuff from the inner side, and then marinade it - I use a mix of soy source, olive oil, and paprika. After it's steeped for a few hours (even overnight), fry it on both sides.  Delicious and good for reducing food waste!
Eating fresh banana and then rubbing it on your face, on a sunny day is going to earn you SO MANY mosquito bites you'll definitely be distracted from the sunburn you'll still get🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I'm for GMOs and I don't understand why people could be against them. It helps create resistant, abundant producing crops, it's a good thing! That's how we're gonna be able to feed our huge population and ensure resistant crops.
I can finally have a closure with the banana and chili in soil thumbnail from your last vid. Haha! Thank you!
A time lapse of Ann saying banana <3
The wild banana looks terrifying!
Dave is always ready to take one for the team. What a great man! By the way I was surprised to learn your fridge temp is around 3 degrees. Where I'm from the recommended temp is 7 degrees. I wonder why.
Hey I’m not trying to be rude but I thought that dark colors heated up faster
If I want bananas in smoothies, but know I’m not going to use them straight away, I freeze them! My mum hates it because the skins go black, but the flesh inside is still perfectly ripe still lol
I'm perfectly fine with GMO. Only dumb people worry about GMO foods.
Great video, as always!! Congrats!! About eating bananas: you actually should wait for your banana to be spotty to eat it, because it means she's more ripe, is way sweeter and has more nutrients on it. The peel of the banana gives the sugar and nutrients to the banana and goes from green to yellow and to black (I actually read this, on science, not my opinion). We're just spoiled to eat the vegetables all slick and one-color, when in reality it's normal for them to have spots and stains (organic, baby!!)
You must have wasted a lot of bananas just to test out those fake life hacks
BEYYYYNNNN THEY ARE RUINING YOUR BENANAS BEYYYYYYYYYYNNNNN
About the GMO... I say it depends. If it's for a good cause like saving bananas from extinction then yay! If it's for another rereason like making the bananas grow faster or ripen disaster in a way way that isn't safe for living creatures, then definitely not! Fyi, I am not an expert, this is just my opinion.
wow the wild banana triggered my tryptophobia so hard
Is it just me, or are there other people put there, that have realized that "Zombi bananas" are, if not to old, much sweeter and better in taste? I mean, if the skin is brown, still the banana itselfe can be sooo good! I cannot stand bananas with green ends...
I like ny bananas a little over ripe
I'm against Gmo but that said  if it will effect a families income and food supply then yes we should allow it. we shouldn't willingly allow people to go hungry and loss of income because its against our morals in a country where we have no worry about money and going to bed hungry
I love your debunking videos. Thank you for sharing the correct information xx
Dude im all for gmo. I’m good on that I can’t let someone starve over fake scientific bs on gmos when we can see people do well on them
Excellent video. I agree with using science to tackle important challenges like panama disease. But it should be done to help poor people not deepen inequalities (i.e. Mansanto).
another REALLY great debunking video. And also much informative about Panamá's disease. Congratulations
You should try Epson salt, I hear it works well for making roots grow. 🙂
It's not a backslash. It's a forward slash. Backslashes lean backward. Forward slashes lean forward.
I maybe think that the reason that yours didnt work was because they might have used organic bananas and you used normal ones
GMOs are made for things like restoring crops, that's so exciting there's a solution!
_Quote Of The Day_  *"Even monkeys peel bananas." -Dave*
I don’t know the specific type of banana you guys buy there, but in Brazil is extremely common to microwave bananas and then eat them with condensed milk and cinnamon. I don’t personally like it, but everyone in my family adore it. They cook, bake, fry and microwave bananas. So that chocolate “hack” seems to be potentially tasty for people here! 😄  They can do that with the common banana we have here, but the most recommended one is a giant one called “Earth Banana”. That’s a banana that can only be pleasantly consumed after it has been “cooked” somehow. Nobody eats it raw.
I am Pro-GMO. Thank you for the lesson, Mrs. Reardon. ❤
GMO is the future.
Am I the only 1 who heard a cat meowing in the video?
I feel like the beads with the banana peel all over it turned brighter colours then the beads with nothing on them which tells us that the acid and the oils in the banana peel will cause you to burn even quicker.
I cant stand Bannanas yuck!
You can't do the experiment like that because the ethylene gas from the control banana that doesn't have its end covered is going to affect all the other bananas and therefore they're all going to get ripened because of those 2 bananas.    just saying
I think GMOs are fine, but the thing that is not fine are the monocultural crops. We're just going to run into wide-spread disease and food shortage if we keep the industrial model and only grow the same few plants everywhere in vast, genetically identical fields. If we can figure out ways to grow different kinds of food all mixed together, the genetic diversity will protect them from diseases. The trouble is just making it efficient enough to work out.
So here's the deal. If GMO was dangerous it wouldn't be legal. The government isn't after you, foil hats don't protect you from radio waves (you don't need to be protected from it), there is no such thing as lizard people and GMO is not dangerous.
that banana disease sounds like the work of good ol billy gates
I thought you were a nutritionist
Cutting a slit in the banana, filling it with chocolate, before putting foil around it, and then putting it on a a fire or in a oven is great!
The thing with chocolate pieces in the banana is a thing my parents used to do during camping trips when I was a kid (aluminium foil around the banana, stick it in a campfire). It's just sweet, warm banana with chocolate. Not great, not bad. Don't know why you'd bother if you were at home though.
Your videos are terrific. Thanks
GMO products have been subjected to thousands of tests by all sides on the subject and none of thse tests have shown any negative effects from eating GMO products ,,, NONE !!
I keep seeing 5 minute crafts videos popping up on my Facebook feeds and it's so difficult to try to just ignore them and scroll past since they're now often showing up on many pages as promoted content. I just saw one recently that was supposedly "survival hacks" in which they claimed you could use a shirt and run it on ground to pick up dew off of the grass and squeeze it out of the fabric and it would be magically safe to drink. I nearly commented because there's no way that dew collected off of plants on fabric you've been wearing (by the demonstration of the video) is safe to drink. They make me mad. They have no qualms to put out anything at all. I know you've made videos about the dangers of these videos, but man. I really try to just scroll past them without watching or engaging so they have one less person seeing the content, but I know it hardly makes a difference. I still get replies to a comment I made on a faked yummly video so I know that video is still making it rounds, every once in a while being promoted by Facebook despite it being a years old video. It's such a shame that unoriginal and such dangerous ideas are promoted instead of quality content like someone like you.
Were you a science student ???
The volume in this particular video is too low, maybe you can fix that?
I heard about a hack to help your banana to ripe (f.e you had green banana you want to eat and cannot wait) and that you should put in condom and it will help. Is that true?
How could you not stand this women after watching this video?
I live for Anne's eyes lighting up whenever she thinks to feed something weird to Dave lol.
This is the first video i have seen where David is not wearing a hat.
The one that she rubbed the banana peel on the uv beads i noticed that the color is abut darker than the controled uv beads. (Just so to let you know)
bananas, like many other fruits/veggies are already genetically modified. I don't see a reason why it's bad and to go further, even in medicine modification is used to kill deadly diseases. if it's not bad there then why should it be bad with plants?
that image of the wild banana really spooked me out ;-;
I guess people who are against GMO are more opposed to what industrials could do with it (like monsanto making sterile sowings) than GMO being used as a medication for an entire variety of fruits/vegetables.
What, you never had chocolate banana before?! It's a classic camping treat. But instead of microwaving it you wrap it in tinfoil and put it on a campfire. I thought everyone and their mom had this as kids.
To all you guys who have immense distrust in GMOs, I am going to tell you right bow that literally the reason we have apples, oranges, potatoes and literally all crops we have is because of selective breeding, but for plants. Selective breeding is a slow form of genetic modification. Modern GMOs are just a way of speeding up that process so that we can have better, stronger crops
1: I've noticed in the last several years grocery stores wrapping banana stems as well.  2: Thank you for putting the hard work of trying to track down the research and original sources for some of these wack-a-doo ideas :) 3. You forgot to mention the bonus spiders that come with each and every box of bananas! <3 lol.
The chocolate in the banana is pretty good, alway made them at scout camp, cut it down the middle, stuff it full of chocolate chips and marshmallows, wrap it in foil and throw it on the fire for a couple minutes. Yum
I am from India and we have so many different kinds of wild bananas which we regularly eat. Those bananas obviously look different than the Cavendish banana but they are equally tasty or even more. I believe all sub tropical and tropical countries have many kinds of edible banana. I think the main problem is the global banana business. Big farms want a particular breed with thick skin, which is easy to ship and store (such as Cavendish) to monopolize the market. Once our taste buds get used to that certain taste it helps in big farm monopoly too. The best solution is to prioritize local food be it banana or any other thing. If we eat more locally grown foods that helps small business and also helps maintaining food diversity.
Seeing wild bananas with all the seeds makes my skin crawl :(
With the plants, aloes replant well on their own and don't need anything. Lots of leafy plants just need to be put straight in water to grow new roots and be replanted. So the bananas are pointless
Well if bananas go extinct, it will be a positive for me personally. Even just the smell of bananas is a migraine trigger for me, which can be pretty bad when I'm out in public and someone starts eating one near me and I suddenly feel very sick. (Obviously lots of people being harmed in much larger ways is more important. But it would a slight silver lining for me.)
Now, don't quote me on that, but as far as I am aware, what that scientist guy did was not GMO-ing but more like selecting or breeding genes. GMO is more like let me take this fish gene and put it into an orange to get oranges that don't bruise. One definition that I remember hearing about GMO was "mixing genes that wouldn't naturally mix" or something like that, I hope you get what I'm saying. While the scientist mixed bananas with bananas - something that technically could happen.
I am a PHD in banana preservation and I declare that the only place where the bananas stay fresh for longer is your stomach.
I think the GMO terror is a bunch of bunk. People latched onto one or two GMO items that ended horribly - thank you to Monsanto for making a corn that makes its own pesticide, I think it was? and can make people very ill - and decided All GMO Bad because that's how hippie dippy internet raw water oil pulling stick a crystal in your vagina culture works. Like anything else made by SCIENCE, individual creations need to be researched individually (and for a lot longer than Monsanto bothered with because $$$). The cavendish banana is a GMO food item - just, it was GM by breeding rather than direct gene transplant. Most of the produce we eat today is absolutely nothing like the wild versions in taste, texture, shelf life or looks; they've all been modified over several generations by breeding specific individual plants with desirable traits together until the genetics have changed enough that the undesirable traits have been stripped from the sequence. GM is just doing that faster. Because gene research is still in early stages, it's harder to know what the further effects of direct genetic transplant are because of a variety of factors including epigenetics (e.g. environmental factors like temperature affecting genetic development (such as sex characteristics in some fish)). GM requires longer post-modification research to see what happens after several generations of breeding the modified organisms together to make sure there aren't unhealthy consequences from gene interactions we don't yet understand, as compared to bred organisms which are generally observed during the breeding process and bred out over time. GM is faster, and shady companies have tried to push their products past the research stage to save further cash on top of it. The truth is that GMO is STILL faster than natural breeding _even factoring in time for post-modification research_ - but because companies like Monsanto screwed up early, public conception is biased against GMOs. There is a lot of potential in the GMO field to do many things from eliminating world hunger to curing cancer... it's just going to be a lot of work convincing the general public that well-researched GMOs can be trusted. (Maybe once there's a cancer cure people will shut the hell up.)
Rewatching and commenting to help you with the algorithm.
You are literally the best ♥️
5 min crafts: banana peels dave, an intellectual: banana PACKAGING
I see nothing wrong with GMO crops, if you consider how most things we eat came about, we've been using a rudimentary version of it since we started farming crops to begin with, people are just being iffy about it because it's got a fancy name and is a bit more in depth now rather than just being cutting one plant's seed/bulb in half and sticking it together with another half or similar practices that were used to cultivate what we eat today.
That original banana picture triggered a phobia a never knew I had. Aside from that, I don't really understand all the scaremongering around GMO; we pretty much need GMO for survival as we are quite a bit on this pretty rock and food is bound to become even more scarce. It already is for some people in the less tought of parts of the planet. I get the distrust, I mean some multinational did some pretty nasty things before regulametations, but don't let that let you being taken advantege of by some less than advisable people with an agenda.
People shouldn't be anti-GMO. There is absolutely no evidence that GMO foods are bad for you or do anything different than non-GMO foods. There are way too many great benefits to GMOs to even listen to the anti-GMO mobs.
I love me a greenish banana, it’s not as sweet and it’s much firmer. It also gives me less of a stomach ache when I eat 5 in a row
What a lovely lush rosemary plant! My mom had rosemary plants in our backyard my whole childhood, it’s still one of my favorite flavors and scents 💕
I imagine some wild bananas with smaller seeds are edible. Guava has very hard seeds & has a banana-like taste.  You can't chew the seeds but you can swallow them whole.
I always open the plastic bags that my fruit is in so the gases can escape. If you leave them closed, they rot faster. They also create a lot of fluid inside the bag, which makes everything yucky.
Literally 100% of the people opposed to GMO foods do not understand how DNA transcribes into proteins. I have never met an educated person who understands the actual science of genetics at all who has an irrational fear of GMOs. Please for the love of God just read a science textbook on genetics and explain to me the point at the DNA transcription level where modern genetic modification techniques are so vastly different from selective breeding, that has been done for thousands of years, that we need to be worried about the safety of the food. Not to mention the fact that all GMOs are tested for safety and certified by the FDA and equivalent agencies internationally before ever being sold to the public. The same cannot be said for dietary supplements! They are not certified for safety by the FDA! If you take a dietary supplement you very well could be just taking ground up lawn clippings packed into a pill, there is literally no testing to ensure you aren't. So the thing everyone should be in favor of, GMOs which can massively increase the food supply while actually reducing land use and resource consumption while reducing vitamin deficiencies in entire populations, is being protested by uneducated fools, while things making dubious unsubstantiated claims while receiving ZERO safety testing and often lacking in scientific corroboration for their supposed ingredients effects, are a huge and growing industry that seems to get more popular every year. I can't wait until I have the option to live off world and leave the Earth to the "nature is always good" idiots (viruses, bacteria, hurricanes and earthquakes are all natural and certifiably organic).
GMO in this case, it is a gene from a banana plant to another banana plant, not an elephant or a fish. It might have been done in many years by crossbreeding.
The more you learn about GMO, the more you love it.
Dont buy more than you can eat in a few days... problem solvered...
At summer camp, we used to fill bananas with chocolate and marshmallow like they did in the video, then wrap them in foil and leave them in the campfire for a while. We called them banana boats. :)
Just a small note. Not a big deal, but that's a forward slash, not a backslash in the nordvpn url you displayed. I tried it, and it takes you to the right place regardless of whether you use a backslash or a forward slash, but just thought you might want to know for the future since you seem to strive for accurate information lol. :) Love your videos!
Is it just me or does the audio seem really low in this video?
I wonder if cutting the tip of the stem of the bananas that were in water (if you hadn't already) would have changed anything? I know it keeps flowers fresh for longer but I also have  no clue on banana compositions in comparison to flowers
That GMO banana thing is FASCINATING, and I love that someone figured out how to do that. I don't really understand anti-GMO attitudes, on the whole, to be honest. Humans have been created GMO food for ever, via selective breeding. It's essentially how we got modern, edible bananas. All of them were  bred from those wild bananas with the Big Seeds, and now rely on humans because the seeds are too small to actually propagate the species.. The only difference is now we can do it directly, rather than years of careful hybridization.
Was there a cat or it was just my imagination?
Dave: The human guinea pig.
I always thought you wrapped the top of the banana because it doesn't let air oxidize the torn off part of the peel as fast.
The banana top wrap thing has to do with moisture escaping and drying the peel out faster, less moisture the thinner the peel is.    And the peel is supposed to keep the fruit fresher longer, and a dehydrated skin is less viable than a supple one.      It’s like the banana farmers that wax dip the tip of the fruit.       And I guess that caught on.   I’ve never heard the ethylene gas idea but I have heard the moisture one.      I just eat my bananas     I don’t have enough to try to save my bananas for a week.  I eat them all by day 2.   Yup.    Ok bye  Love u
I personally support Gmo. We’ve already genetically modified a multitude of fruits and animals by natural selection, only this time, we actually know what we are doing and we can do it faster. Yeah sure, something can go wrong, but the chances of that are very small, besides, literally EVERYTHING around us can go wrong horribly. So I support GMO, it’s scary, but it’s worth it.
Aw, thank you for letting that little plant grow and live in some actual soil. I felt sorry for it, too!
That is a forward slash
I really appreciate the level of detail in this. Especially the info about the banana shipment process and GMO to prevent disease. Almost all of the fruits and veggies we eat are selectively bred anyway, so I feel like GMO isn’t a problem for me personally.
Bananas make the beads EVEN MORE COLORFUL.   probably because of the oils in the peels?    I don’t know.   That’s my guess.
I tried the banana peel burger when i was a kid,during our girl scout camping, it was good actually. 😁😁 I dont know how our teacher cooked it but it was good😁😁😁
I don't care if it's a mutant I'm eating bananas.
Cliiiiiiiiiiiiickkkkkkk bait
every video of yours has such a nice narrative and information. I already don't really believe those big channels of "life hacks", but seing the actual thing being debunked is really fun. Also, with facts. And actual footage with no cut lol.
wrap Dave's head please. I don't want him to age.
Banana fridge
I usually only like videos so that I can go back to them later or something but this, I will like this just based off of the pure commitment and research put into this video!!! Not that you need my approval but well done! You did an amazing job on this video and all of your videos really. Pls keep them coming and keep up the wonderful work!
poor Dave 🤣🤣
Did anyone else see her HOLO nails? <3 Lovely! Also good info by the way.
11:56 Costa Rica 🇨🇷🇨🇷🇨🇷
I've only ever seen the banana with chocolate cooked in campfires wrapped in tinfoil! If you add in the chocolate and some marshmallows, it gets all melty and delicious after a few minutes in the fire
*one bad sunburn doubles your risk of Milenova*  Me, pale af: welp... guess I’ll die then
Hey Ann! I just wanted to point something out. The shredded meat recipe is actually tastier when made with plantain peel instead, and smaller strings(?)  My family have made it before due to difficult money situations and it's actually ok. Never saw it with banana before, and I just wanted to let you know about what I've seen that is similar.   I enjoyed your video!
Over ripened bananas are the best. I use them for banana fritters yummy or pancakes, banana bread/muffins or a smoothy. They sre sweetest  at that stage. Who tosses  bananas? I hate wasting food
Have you ever placed a loaf of bread (the pre-sliced kind you get at the store) on a bunch of bananas? After a few days to a week, the bread starts to taste and smell slightly old banana-like. At least in my experience.   That's why I keep the bread away from the bananas. Nothing quite like taking a bite of a sandwich and having that old banana taste.
the banana with seeds triggered my tripophobia
"You can pretend that you're from another country, just to see what other pages look like."  Me, about to use it to watch shows unavailable and blocked videos in my country: yeeees.
Sad chilli 😢
As someone with a plant pathology degree I never thought I'd run into our old friend Fusarium spp. on YouTube of a places, but I have to say that the genetically modified strain is definitely our best hope of saving the banana, and besides the genes in it won't affect humans at all
Did I just watch a 30 min video on bananas?  Yes, and I become a little smarter thanks to your videos everytime.  I just wish I made my project on bananas instead of tortilla chips. I can't make food talk sound interesting like you.
14:00 These are called banana boats!! In America, we put chocolate chips and mini marshmallows inside the banana, wrap it in foil, and cook it on the campfire.  So good! (You can put peanut butter in it too)
I don't have any issues with GMO foods. Most are genetically modified although they are done through natural selective process, now it can just be done quicker and more accurately. I'm speaking from very little knowledge of the subject that's just my opinion no hate please
Whenever I come across a link to a 404 page I usually check Wayback machine to see if it picked it up before the webpage was moved/deleted. Saves me a lot of time. M
Dave is the real MVP 😂
Since I’m not a scientist I can only really talk about how I feel when I hear “GMO”. I am, however, a gardener and know a little bit about heirloom vs hybrid. So from my (very limited) understanding it seems like genetically modified foods come in vast spectrum. While on one hand we could call most modern corn gmo nobody seems to be upset by it and will eat them without fear. On the other hand people are afraid of modern wheat and claim that it isn’t the same as ancient wheat which is why more people are having digestive issues with it. I am not uncomfortable with the idea of cross pollinating something over and over until you’ve basically “bred” something with traits you like, but I think it seems less sustainable, and possibly bad for our health (maybe?) to create genetically modified plants in labs and then grow them to eat. I FEEL uncomfortable with the idea even though I don’t understand how it works enough to really have an informed opinion. In my readings over the last few years on the idea of permaculture I have discovered that one of the main contributors to crises like the one the cavendish banana is facing right now is that it’s grown in a monoculture so a disease spreads easily. When more diverse ecosystems are grown over the same amount of space they tend to be more resilient. Interesting topic to be sure :)
I saw a post once that said bananas are great for weight loss. They then suggested to lose weight all you had to do was eat just a banana for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Baby, you'll lose weight because you're starving yourself.
Humans have been modifying their foods for centuries. Cross breeding and manipulating plants & animals to attain a desired result.  It’s just in recent times we have labeled it “genetically modified”.  I have no problem eating modified foods.
I love your videos so much!! Not only do you do legitimate debunking but you also give additional information which is really fun to learn!!
Bananas are the worlds favorite fruit? B-but Gingerlpale told me tomatoes are the worlds favorite fruit ;-;
This is one of my favorite videos from your channel. It contains the experiments as always, but also has a lot of good and useful information. Thank you!
At about 28:00 the tripofobia was REAL
I've always found the GMO debates to be a lot like the pesticide ones. Most of the naysayers are white or affluent or at the very least, living in countries reliant on import but with a variety of choice available if they're against that food. They aren't in need of resistant plants or at risk of disease from the insects that the pesticides kill, and their income isn't hanging by a thread as climate change wreaks havoc.  We genetically modified food through selective breeding, doing it in a lab just gets us quicker, more specific results and I'm all for it.  Fuck companies who use GM to screw farmers with bad seeds though.
Fizz, buzz, ‘av a banana!
I knew about the banana disease.  I read a article about how the bananas we eat now are different than what our grandparents eat.  And the fake banana taste is more the old bananas that was wiped out than the bananas we eat now.  I don't mind genetically modified fruits- all selective breeding is genetically modifying plants or animals.
Wow it even went to Greece
i learned more about bananas in this video than i thought i would in an entire life time. very interesting video, would love to see more like this that are specific to certain foods
Arent the bananas of today genetically modified?
I have selective eating disorder and can only eat green bananas or the taste and smell becomes to strong for me. Watching those bananas ripen made me gag
And what if you store the bananas on the fridge inside a plastic bag?
The banana oil made the beads darker and go colorful faster... o_o;
Dave is such a good sport
When our bananas get really brown we either make banana bread or feed to our ponies
Our current banana is already GMO so if you are anti-GMO...I have news for you...
Ohhh god, that wild banana photo... trypophobia... urgh *vomits* halp
Very interesting to open up topic about the people who grow them without addressing how much the banana industry has totally devastated so many of those countries. I stopped buying bananas long ago due to how unethical the major banana companies can be.
For people who buy into the food labeling gimmics and beleive nonsense, Fact, bananas ARE A MANMADE FRUIT WHIXH MEANS GENETICALLY MODIFIED. ALOMG WITH ALOT OF OTHER THINGS. 10 THOUSAMD YRS AGO OR SO, HUMANS DISCOVED A WILD BANANA CALLED MUSA ACUMINATA AMD MUSA BALBISIANA AND LEARNED THEY COULD HYBRID THEM AND MAKE A NEW TREE CALLED BANANA AS WE KNOW,IT. SORRY TO BURST YOUR BUBBLE PEOPLE, BUT FACTS ARE FACTS..
Sorry, only time banana is accepted by my kid is wrapped in bacon and airfryed. Certainly not his pens wasted on them
The extinction of the Gros Michel is the reason that banana-flavored candy and/or medicine never really "tastes like" banana - because all of us have grown up with the Cavendish, which has a different flavor and sweetness profile.  But what's happened to both of them is an object lesson on the non-sustainability of monoculture crops.
I’ve actually purchased bananas from the store with wrapping on the stem 🤣
If a link is borked, go to the Wayback Machine and plug the link in to see if it's in the archive.  I've found SO MUCH stuff there that I thought was dead and gone.  https://web.archive.org/
The beads rubbed with the banana peel looked darker than the control. I wonder if the sugar from the fruit sped up the UV color change process.
Ann Reardon, youtubes master scientist. Jack of all trades master,of some!
I like bananas and i like chocolate but that is so gross!! My idiot boyfriemd keeps throwing all mine away and it makes me mad! Black bananas make the best banana bread amd coons also love them
I have never seen a wild banana before and I never would have imagined a cooking channel would be the channel to show it to me. I truly appreciate all of the hard work that goes into these videos. Truly amazing, truly entertaining and truly educational. Thank you for producing such wonderful content
have you ever tried using the waybackmachine if links are dead? Sometimes it helps, i used it for my masterthesis
Lets cook it up and give it to Dave to try!! Its a good thing he loves you. I could only,imagine if he wemt to the court house to file,for divorce amd they ask why, he say ("my wife uses me,as a guimea pig and feeds me really horrible things, im not sure if i have my taste buds no more").
*takes a break from writing my final paper for genetics to argue about genetics with people in the youtube comment section*
I should be sleeping right now its 11pm where i am in moronigan & i have an hr drive plus ihave to be up at 5am
Those bananas gave me tripophobia hahah But besides its looks, we can look at other countries and see how many bananas are out there. I love to see the videos from Weird Explorer on youtube, he has an amazing record on many bananas than there are avalible on many parts in the world, and he even mention in some videos about that wish. Knowing about that, i would love to promote the variety of species rather than the GMO one, because all the new flavors is on those species is unknown because we are used on the traditioal flavor of the banana
Amazing video as usual! Great to watch it until the end, very informative!
Bananas are already heavily modified by humans, I think it should be perfectly fine to keep on modifying them to keep them safe and protected.
Could you please tell me if High Fructose Corn Syrup/Corn Syrup /Light Corn Syrup/Dark Corn Syrup, is bad for you and if so why??
Also, how do bananas ripen on the tree when the stems are attached to the tree???
Did anyone hear a cat or a bird making noise in the middle of the video?
Please don't cover up completely... you need the vitamin D your body produces
Hi Ann! Can we have a virtual tour of your garden? It sounds interesting! =)
Is david scottish? Just a curiosity
The banana skin made me wanna throw up 🤣
✍️get✍️ separate ✍️ bannana ✍️fridge✍️
I appreciate your thoroughness so so much.
Ok, so I'm going a few years back into my education, but can't plants be cross pollinated? And can't that process be continued until the desired plant is achieved? So why must we genetically modify plants if the process can be done naturally?
In Canada we make a camping dish where you put a peeled banana in some tin foil and sprinkle chocolate chips and marshmallows and all sorts of good bits and then you throw it in the fire for a minute, its more like a bananas foster texture which is lovely!
are you sure you actually like Dave?
I used to do the Banana and Chocolate thing with my Girl Scout Group but we put in marshmallows in it. It's called Banana boats and they are actually quite good. It's not as strange as you think it is.  As for the GMO thing, Banana's were already genetically modified organisms to begin with. The Banana's we eat are not the same as wild bananas that were around before. We modified them so that we could eat them. The Modern Banana is made from two types Musa acuminata and Musa balbisiana (yes, I looked that up because there is no way I could remember them).  In fact, most of the foods we eat are GMO including carrots and Eggplants so I don't really care if they modified it to be resilient to the virus. We just need to know if it would have any problems with our bodies. And anyway, aren't we already Genetically modified ourselves a little with vaccines and medicines kind of? Some of those medicines and vaccines change how our cells deal with certain things.
In my opinion, GMO’s aren’t really that bad when used to modify the genetics of plants... But for animals and livestock, it is unethical to do it...
I want a banana now ;-;
I'm completely pro GMO's. I think there could be misinformation that is making people fear them instead of embracing that we already eat GMO's that aren't dangerous at all.
I live in the Caribbean in SVG and we have fields of old banana trees from when we used to export but our banana industry has pretty much died down. However we still locally grow Gros Michel bananas and the Lacatan Bananas but its not like mass produced or anything.
this is my favorite statistics channel
6:22  Wait, wouldn’t it be better to wear light coloured clothing because then it reflects the light rather than dark colours which absorb it?  Correct me if I’m wrong please ☺️
10:02 you’re welcome
I'm guessing all the thumbs-down are the people who create 5-minute crafts LOL
gimme the gmos all day all NIGHT baybee
Ann, I just noticed something, if you look closely at 3:34, you can see the “roots” that allegedly grow on the aloe are twined. I think they used white embroidery thread to fake the look of the roots
Not about bananas...but almost went bananas! I could hear something towards the end of the video...it sounded like a pup/cat or something. I thought it was one of mine. They were fine. I came back to continue the video and there it was again. This time brought them with me thinking "they're just messing with me." I continued the video and I can still hear an animal in distress..."Okay, it HAS to be outside!" NOTHING. I give up on looking for the poor animal, I continue your video. I still hear the sound but at this point, the animal just does NOT want to be found. I go back a bit for a part I missed and the sound repeated...and repeated. I don't know what it is but this video had me freaking out at about 24:20.
Dave: Heart of gold, stomach of steel.
When she says one bad sunburn as a teenager or child doubles your chances of meleonoma as an adult I was like 😳 “Oh crap”
I'm from Costa Rica, my city is too hot, have brown bananas is normal, tomorroy I'm going to make a milshake 🤤
Is that a birdy cheeping?
Guess I’ll have to find a different snack. I try to stay away from GMOs.  Farmers are resourceful, they will probably figure out a different crop that will grow well.  I just hope that someone will help them clear the land.
Well luckily as an indian we only get a LOT of tan and no sun burns
Someone else said it, but I'll say it again to show a bit more support for the idea.  If you modify an organism and this causes it to be unable to reproduce then you haven't solved anything really.  If you have to buy new seed every year it is basically pointless for most farmers.  They're just going to use the plants they can reproduce.  Otherwise, as long as it's still safe for human consumption and tastes fine?  Who cares?
I fully support food advances, including by GMO.  As your (delightful) program about the 200-year old chicken-gelatin recipe with a no-rise cake showed, we’ve advanced over the years, for the better.
I always learn so much from your videos thank you so much for all you do!
almost 5m  subs and your audio is still bad. Love your vids still tho
According to a study in the Journal of Applied Biochemistry and Biotechnology, the banana peel contains magnesium, calcium, vitamin A, B6 and B12, which help strengthen your bones, your immune system and boost your mood - all without adding extra calories.  How to use the banana peel However, you do not need to eat banana with peel on to get hold of the good healthy things, because the banana peel is not just like digesting for human stomachs.  If you want to get the most out of the banana peel, you can instead blend it and use it in smoothies, for example, but remember to go for the organic bananas, so you do not get pesticides in the smoothie.
You forgot to mention that bananas also go through chill damage. The process of cooking them to refrigeration temperature causes the cells to breakdown rapidly if there's even a slight increase in temperature. So if you keep them in the fridge, it's better not to take them out and let them warm up before eating.
My husband is a vegetarian because he’s allergic to proteins in meat. We’ve never tried banana peal as fake meat though, looks gross to me.   However, the chocolate in the banana recipe comes from a camp food called a “banana boat”. You cook it in a camp fire covered in foil, not a microwave. It tastes amazing. I add marshmallows to mine or marshmallow fluff to be vegetarian. (We made them in the oven this summer because of lockdown)
The banana as sunscreen seem to make it worse
the level of research is pretty refreshing for this day youtube loved the video ❤️
I don't really care about GMO foods, because humans have been genetically modifying food since forever via selective breeding. That makes all food genetically modified. I'm more concerned about the overuse of pesticides, personally.
The thing with the banana and chocolate in the microwave, that reminds me of how we do it in Sweden. On campsites and such, it's common to put a banana in aluminium foil, put some chocolate in the banana and then pack it up and put it...close to the campfire, I suppose, and not directly into it. Can't remember if one peels the banana or not. Can be quite tasty if you do it right. - one can also do it in so many different ways.
In this instance with the banana plant disease is why GMO development should exist. If you're against these specific and devastating instances of resorting to GMOs to save their livelihood and prevent malnourishment then maybe you could choose to not eat it and starve? I'm all for regulation or discussion of what would constitute an appropriate use of GMO, but all I'm saying is... what would be the alternative if you were placed in those corners of the world? You would starve. Some places don't have the luxury to refuse food and some even a choice of food varieties. It's an area within food purists that really has become a pet peeve to hear because a lot is coming from a privileged perspective.
The sad music over the time lapse of the plants rotting really drove the point home. I'm actually quite interested in cooking banana peel for consumption, though. It was surprising to see the banana peel sandwich work out nicely, and it's so heartwarming to see Dave get some good food out of one of these experiments. As usual, lovely work!  On the GMO conversation, I agree with you 100%. I've had a lot of friends who are anti-GMO and I was too myself for a time. The thing about GMOs is that they can produce plants that grow in areas where they usually can't, offering greater food diversity to people who may have only had a few simple crops that provided insufficient nutrition. Likewise, as in the case of the banana, GMO technology can save communities where people depend on a single crop for the majority of their income and local food supply. My views turned around when I realized that for someone like me who lives in the middle of a food-rich area it's easy to be unaware of the struggles faced by people who live in food deserts (no local access to sufficient food sources) or who depend on one staple crop for the majority of their food source. For me the choice is between GMO, imported, locally grown, organic, bio-dynamic, hydroponic, communal garden, etc. For people in the later two situations the choice is often between GMO and nothing at all. It's so easy to demand everyone go organic when you have a stable, comfortable income and live in the middle of farm country. For those who have few choices (due to poverty or local food scarcity) the choice is to eat the high-yield, hearty GMO crops or watch your family starve.
when will cristine see this 😂
I didn't know that there was some development in making disease resistance bananas! I'd like to see this research used to bring back the gros michel bananas actually.
Aren't all foods that we get from the store genetically modified? If not in a lab, then it was done over years of choosing the tastiest and breeding it with the hardiest, then probably breeding that one with the biggest.
The banana "pulled" thing is a very common dish in my country, Brazil, and that's NOT how we prepare it. You need to soak in some acid like lemon or vinegar first, than cook the right amount of time with the right spices :)
Thank you, again, for continuing to fight the UPHILL BATTLE of educating undereducated people. <3
I remember seeing a TV programme about the Cavendish banana being named after a wealthy titled English family who grew it in a hot house originally.
Banana peels and vegans—there’s a reason for this. lol  One of the main concerns about a vegan diet is a lack of Vitamin B-12. A few years ago, the claim that banana peels are high in Vitamin B-12 started circulating, even being written about by some credible sources. The problem is, all those sources link back to just one person, a nutritionist named Laura Flores, and nobody (last I saw) could figure out where she got this information. The vegans I know, as well as the ones I watch on YouTube, do not eat banana peels. However, new vegans who are just starting to read about nutrition can stumble upon all those articles and think they need to eat them. It’s unfortunate and potentially dangerous if they think, based on those articles, that they are getting their B-12 needs met, when they should be taking a supplement or eating B-12 enriched foods.
It seems like the banana one would make you get even more uv then just going out in the sun
Ann is so sassy I love her ❤️
Lol. Love Dave's insight..monkeys do peel bananas before eating them .. lol.
We've been genetically modifying food for hundreds of years, it's just now we can do it in labs as well as in greenhouses. I think I read somewhere that the reason we have the Cavendish banana that we do is because we bred it to reduce the seeds in it until it's basically infertile. I have nothing to back that up though, so could be incorrect.  People hear 'GMO' and get scared that it's scientists tampering with our food and that it's going to be introducing something harmful or foreign, when most of the time it's about selecting for different seeds amounts, or certain shapes and colours, or making food grow more easily or making it more resistant to disease. We're going to NEED GMOs to continue surviving and adapting to the world we're creating for ourselves, as I'm sure a lot of varieties of food will need to be adapted to grow in different climates due to climate change. Gimme your GMOs, your vaccines, your fluoride in the water because I believe the science rather than fearing the change.
So I've studied genetics and GMOs too. I have to say we've seen doing some form of genetic modification since we were first farming. Apples are one of the most selectively bred plants in the world. The bigger issue is the companies, like Monsanto, who put resistant plants or nutrient rich ones beyond paywalls and will do anything to protect their profit margin. Hate the company, not the gmo
Is it me or did the beads rubbed with banana get MORE color than the totally unprotected beads?
Plenty more banana sub-types than just the Cavendish. We just happen to know it as it's the most widely exported banana. As far as banana exports go, it's the most well-known and easiest to get.  There's your banana tip for the day. (HA!)  There are plenty more banana varieties that are flavourful and better-tasting than the Cavendish.
I love your vids this was awesome.  And GMO is nothing to be scared of?? It’s odd that people are so agaisnt it bc it’s just using part of another plant it isn’t some lab made radioactive alien fruit or something. It’s just food and it’s so important to make sure that areas that depend on banana plantations can continue to be supported and to thrive
"Just one bad sunburn as a child or teenager can double your risk of melanoma"  Me *thinks uncomfortably about the many occasions I didn't quite use enough sunscreen as a tween/teen*
I just wanted to comment the the leaf they stuck in the banana was a split leaf philodendron. Which can grow roots on its stems, and does create a start if you were to cut some off and put it in a cup of water, but there in no point to put it in a banana still. The banana would rot leaving you with a dead leaf and rotten banana.
Maybe the banana skin will work if you use heaps of them to make a shelter 😂😂
Dude just eat the banana like a normal person 5 minute crafts could learn something
I have no idea why some people are so against GMO, most of it, I believe, stems from ignorance. It may sound eerie and unnatural with GMO and, of course, it needs to be handled with care, but it really is a designed improvement, much like all bettering through breeding.
I think the banana beads actually turned darker colours than the control beads. In the sunscreen vs banana test.
In japan they sell bananas underripe and ripe so if you need bananas right then then you have ripe, and if you want to save bananas then you can buy them underripe
There are thousands of edible banana varieties in Brazil alone
Ann, just so you know, in some latin american countries, like Venezuela, where I am from, people mix the ground meat with shredded green plantain or banana peels to increase the amount of "meat", specially the people that sells street food like empanadas or arepas. -Roy
This is an excellent example of why I hate GMO fear. GMO is such an important tool for our survival. Especially now that climate change dries out more and more land. It's either drought resistant gmo grops or starvation.
Gmos are the only way we can feed the amount of people currently on the planet. Most anti gmo is just marketing nonsense.
Poor poor Dave (hope I spelled it right)
Like Alex Shafer said earlier on in the comments, GMOs have been part of the process of making our food more edible since humans started cultivating food; there's nothing inherently wrong with modifying our food.  Like others mentioned though, it’s the issue of companies patenting and controlling seed production that is really dangerous aspect of our food industry.  This issue with the banana disease is actually a great example of what can go wrong when a small number of companies control the business of developing and selling our crops. Businesses are logically focused on cultivating what will make the most money. They only develop the number of varieties that they think are necessary for issues like weather variations and known diseases, and then, they try to sell them to everyone on the planet. Which means an entire industry (and culture) can end up leaning on one variation of crop to support them. Sooo, when something like Panama disease or (similarly the Irish Potato Famine) occurs the entire species is devastated because of one new fungus.    Supporting wild and heirloom should not be about the fear that a GMO food will hurt you. It's not really about avoiding GMOS as much as it’s about encouraging more genetic diversity; just as our banana scientist did when he created a new variation of the dominate banana species with the help of its wild (and terrifying) friend. o.0;;;
Honestly for the sake of saving plants and making them have nutritional value, GMOs are fine by me. Nature changes the genes of plants all the time but that's based on what survives and what dies. We're just speeding up the process and preventing, as much as we can, the extinction of plants. On a side note, I find patenting certain genes pretty dumb considering a bean or what have you can "infect" another, spreading more of that gene unknowingly. It's the one thing I dislike as, well, no one owns genes, or in other words, Mother Nature lmao.
the final stage of 2020 is the banana shortage
the gmo banana sounds badass to me tbh
I love these videos so much its so fascinating and cool
some of the crazy things for the starting of the videos without showing the end is just for crazy fun witch is scary in my opinion
The bananas stuffed with chocolate and put in the microwave is not too far off from a summer camp treat I grew up with that we called "banana boats." We would open up the banana and sprinkle chocolate chips and mini marshmallows in it, then wrap it up in tin foil and roast it over the campfire for a minute or two. I was never a big fan because I'm also not big on the texture of mushy bananas but most people LOVED them, and that summer camp still does it every year. So I don't think that one's too far off, but it definitely loses it's charm when you stick it in the microwave instead of over a campfire.
The trick to keeping bananas from spoiling is simple. Step #1: Eat the banana. This trick also works for other types of food.
That picture of the banana with big black seeds really set off my tript.....triptic...... hole phobia.
That chocolate banana is actually really good! I used to it that when I was child in camps. You peel the banana, put it inside of aluminum foil with chocolate and put that in campfire. That way banana doesn’t get mushy its just warms up little.
I wanted to add another comment: EVERY SINGLE FRUIT OR VEG we eat today has been genetically modified! Look up the history of every single one and you will find that they have all been altered in order to make them edible, taste better, or have more flesh. It’s true! Thanks everyone! ☺️❤️
Ann when using NordVPN: “who are you i am from Greece”
GMO it’s not a new thing, almost everything we eat today (e.g. watermelos, broccoli, corn, even pigs and cows) are modified organisms via selective breeding. It took many generations to see the results. Now we do it by modifying the genes directly to get faster results. It would be very interesting to see you tackle the subject. You are a very informed and non biased professional.
Bananas on itself are genetically modified fruits, just like watermelon and many vegetables like broccoli, brussel sprouts, spinach and corn. So I don't know why people complain. If they don't want to eat genetically modified food, they should eat a banana like how it was a good 1000 years ago. Small, green, tasteless and packed with seeds.
I was not prepared to learn so much about bananas today.  Also, I support GMOs, as far as I'm aware there is no evidence supporting them being harmful, outside of some hypothetical ethical quandaries about genetically modified humans. But that's a separate conversation entirely.
The bananas that we currently eat were selectively bred to not have seeds.
What a weird coincidence! Earlier today I watched the same video with the aloe in the banana, it said potassium helps plants grow, so I looked it up online and it said potassium does help, but nowhere could I find information about a banana itself helping. Then YouTube suggested this video about half an hour later. Btw I tried the plastic wrap on the banana stem, tried wrapping the whole banana, etc. the thing that works best to make your bananas last longer is keep it in a dark cool place, not too cool, when it’s in a very warm room or in a well lit place they go bad faster. Thanks!
An interesting fact about the old extinct banana varieties, the fake/candy bananas taste like the Gros Michel variety which went the way that cavendish are going. And the fact there is no genetic diversity in the cavendish (they are all clones), means it can't develop immunity to these blights.
I'm gonna have terrible nightmares about the wild bananas
I didn’t know banana peels are edible
As a horticulturist the plant banana "hacks" make me cringe
10:13 - 10:45 😂😂😂😂😂😂
The black "zombie" banana. I thought you could do the same trick by cooling the banana in a refrigerator or freezer to make it turn dark, and then heat it up to make it yellow again. That's just what I've heard / read somewhere and never actually gave it a second thought :P
I wish more ppl would use their brain than fall for pseudoscience. GMOs are fine, some ppl would literally starve to death before they eat a GMO. Always hear so much BS about how bad food is for us today, rather than in the past. I don't know how they even come up with that, ppl didn't generally live to be 100 years old back then, while now that happens quite often. Heck my grandmother at 50 looked older than my mother is now at 67!  So people are living longer and looking better for their age now than ever before. You can attribute it to better medicine, but if the GMOs and todays food is so bad, then that wouldn't matter. Also ppl don't even trust doctors or medicine! There is an illness in the world esp the USA and its called IGNORANCE!
"Even monkey peel banana" Can I get that on a T-shirt please xD
My position on GMOs is that I don't care if things have been modified to make them more tasty or disease resistant, that's just speeding up natural processes. What I find concerning is when large companies modify and patent seeds, allowing them to sue farmers for patent infringement.
I have no issue with GMO, I have an issue with everything being tagged as “Organic” and charging double and triple for it.  Technically, all grown food is organic, so it’s just a scam for the gullible.
GMO within the species (like Banana + Banana = better banana) is good imo, but when u start crossing species I'd be concerned about allergens. For example, I've recently found out that I'm allergic to Nightshades, and now can't eat anything with GMO soy because it could've been crossed with the DNA of a petunia (why tho lmao, like, what did that improve??)  If GMOs get more mainstream, I hope we can KNOW what DNA things have been crossed with, and that it becomes required to list if an ingredient is GMO on the box (not just "you can say it's GMO free if _ _ _", but the other way around)  Other than allergen concerns, I see no problems with GMO
about GMOs... i am a molecular biology and genetics student and i defend GMOs to a degree. As stated in the video, the wild banana has large hard seeds and not much flesh, which is understandable because the main purpose of a fruit is to protect the seeds until they find their way into the soil as well as providing the first "compost" boost for the seed growth. As far as i know, the bananas we eat today are genetically modified to have tiny seeds or no seeds at all and maximum flesh. Also, genetic modification of crops allow the crops to survive diseases and/or pests, all while NOT being significantly harmful for consumption. If GMOs didn't exist, we wouldn't have this much variety in grocery stores.
Wow, a species of fruit scientifically designed to have no seeds, only grown by cloning, and therefore unable to adapt to a disease is dying? What a shock.  Sure would be bad if that completely artificial species was replaced by a GM one lol...
Luckily for me, I don't go outside
Ann being confused about the chocolate banana recipe was so strange. My scout group made those every time we had a bone fire (tho I personally never made one because I don't like bananas). Do Australian scouts not do that? Or do non-scouts just don't know that this is a thing?
Anyone else hear a faint whimper or meow in the background? Sounds like someone was wanting to come in! xD
I really appreciated the amount of information I gained with really smooth transitions. Lovely, truly.
Hey! could you compare dough making chocolate chip cookie dough in 2 different mixers?  the ankarsrum and a typical mixer.  wondering what your food science knowledge will show on the science of why each one works it’s way and why the cookies come out how they do.  i’m curious
Even monkeys peel bananas HAHAHA! I love Dave! I almost squealed with excitement when you said you'd let Dave taste it because I knew his reaction would be gold!
If you disliked you are mentally ill
Anyone who screams and clutches their pearls about "Genetically Modified" bananas; wild bananas look like the example you showed, with large, hard seeds. Over generations, bananas have been cross-bred and genetically modified by ancient farmers to get the modern, seedless banana.  The same thing has happened with wheat, maize (corn), apples, cabbages, broccoli, cauliflower, potatoes and citrus fruit, not to mention with generations of domesticated animals. The only difference is now we can actually tell which genes were modified and what the effects of that modification is.  In earlier generations they were just shooting in the dark using trial and error.
Yay GMO! (I haven't seen a single claim against GMO that isn't either false or valid also for "conventional" agriculture.)
oml the girl at 13:54 is speaking greek
”Even monkeys peel bananas“ 😂
My family do the chocolate banana thing.  We just put one cut in the banana and put some dark chocolate in it and put it in the coal embers of the barbecue after having grilled something. It makes for a nice but bitter desert.
Good
I've done the chocolate-filled banana in the microwave one a bunch of times, and I find it tasty. Not the perfect dessert, but decent if you want something easy and fast to do.
Imagine being a tradesperson called to Anne's house to fix something and seeing the table of rotting bananas and politely avoiding the subject??? :D  PS: Those fake aloe roots look awfully like spring onion roots glued on.
Whyyyyyyyyyyyyyy? Why lie? Does nobody comment that their videos are lies. How is this even allowed on YouTube
Well, what can i say - buy banana, eat banana... why people want to keep it for a week why to wast banana for aloe, if soil cost cheaper. And aloe is a succulent, banana is too wet for it 🤣
Normal people with brown bananas: Ugh!  Me: YEAH BABY, THAT’S WHAT I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR!!
Thank you for the great information as always, just wish I had known the melanoma thing before I got a memorably horrible full-body sunburn at 13
Love this episode ! I looove bananas, but most of mananas are not very ethical, and full of pesticides, wich is very sad... About the GMO bananas, well... My point of view on this one specific project is "it's like if they forced genetic mutations or crossing the plants to create a new one" kinda ^^ For other GMOs, idk x)
"even to Greece"....???? I really hope you don't think we still wear togas :P :P :P always enjoying your videos <3 >3
it's celsius, not centrigrade
When your bananas get brown just make a shake! They are really good and easy to make.
was it just me or did the beads covered in the sunscreen test seem darker than the control, giving the impression that the banana sunscreen is actually worse than none?
If genetically modified bananas are able to stay, keep em
i was so surprised when you picked greece haha, greek gang wya?
Guuurrrrrrrrl you've got a sponsor! Congratulations!<3
This video was amazing , keep up the good work
Why would you dislike this??
In Indonesia we have wide variety of bananas, any size and texture too. So we basically never runs out of banana here 😂😂
poor Dave always having to put up with eating really dumb stuff or in some cases really gross stuff he gets more credit for me then you do and im sorry i dont mean it in a bad way
I like bananas sometimes
I didn’t expect to learn as much as I did. Your commitment to research is phenomenal. Thanks!
Bananas are a GMO. Period.
Hi Ann! Thank you for another great video. I appreciate the debunking and infirmative side of your vids but i think their greatest value is teaching the skill of critical thinking in such an inconspicuous way. Thank you very much for that. Stay well and safe! :)
You are great! Thank you!<3
I have noticed that the temperature in my house really affects how fast my bananas ripen. I keep my house pretty cool most of the time, and I find that makes bananas last a lot longer than they do when the temperature is higher. As for GMOs, I think there are different ways to genetically modify organisms, and that matters a lot.  Farmers have been taking plants and modifying them with other plants, probably for as long as there's been farming. I think that's fine. However, then there's big companies that are chemically modifying plants, and adding pesticides right into the plants, and I think sometimes that's really dangerous and damaging. Like the type of seeds a company made with an insecticide in them, that ended up killing any bee's that pollinated those plants. Then it got into the soil, so it affected any plants planted after the original plant, that were planted  in the same soil, and because of the water run off, it  started affecting any plants surrounding the modified plant, and so those plants would also kill bee's. I think those types of GMOs are damaging.
Thanks
I personally think if its a matter of potentially starving or going without a Banana im down to eat the GMO one
but when let bananas let make them a little brown its makes them sweeter
I really learn more science and history from Ann’s videos than I do in school... wow
Dear Ann, you mention "nordvpn.com backslash howtocookthat" but the line in the video says "nordvpn.com/howtocookthat", so the line says slash, not backslash.
*me just sitting there awkwardly because bananas are DISGUSTANG*
I learn more from every video I watch here than I have my entire time in college
We tried several ways to keep banana yellow for longer and the best way is to keep them in newspaper in colder place. They go brown but I like them more brown 😅
Brown bananas are the sweetest and the tastiest ones, don't @ me 🌝
Everything we eat has been modified.  The majority of the time it's actually for the plant's benefit so it doesn't die out, another side of it is so that we can produce more food. People are just quickly afraid of what they don't know and listen to severe misinformation spread around by conmen and conwomen.  Just like with medical information.  The only times when something being modified is bad, is when the seeds are tampered with to not germinate if you plant them from a grocery store bought vegetable. That's when it is a problem, to be completely honest.
How about changing the perception of brown bananas and just eat them until they actually start to spoil.
We used to make “lady slippers” when we went camping as kids. A banana, filled with chocolate chips, walnuts and mini marshmallows, wrapped tightly in foil and chucked on the coals of the campfire while we ate dinner . It was yummy- I’m not a huge fan of bananas, but I always liked it. My mom would put PB chips in hers
Yeah, it's a GMO, but it's very much beneficial. GMOs have historically helped with preventing the aforementioned loss of nutrition sources and preventing a food from being wiped out by disease.
GMO food is so important!! There’s so many foods that have been modified to what we know them as now, and we would have a lot more food shortages and poverty without gmo foods. Anti-GMO groups are like anti-vaxers in my opinion, unnecessary scared of change and progress in humanity
Lets make a pray for dave❤️❤️ thanks for sacrificing your taste buds # save daves taste buds
Another great, high effort high class BEST content creator! Keep em coming! PLEASE! 😍
As always, fascinating and super educational video
Haha banana gross
If Dave approves it’s good to go 👏
As for bananas with large seeds, Caribbean bsnanas that are available in NZ market have large seeds, just not as prominent as in your pictures.
I always leave a few bananas out and put the rest in the fridge.
10:13 he be popping out of nowhere👀
Wrapping the banana stem in plastic wrap does work. It keeps the bananas from rotting as fast especially in warm weather. I don't know WHY it works I just know it works. But you could also just...slice up the banana and freeze it, too.
Where is your accent from? Never heard this kind of accent before.
Is there such thing as a culinary chemist cause if there is you would be great at it   =)
I'm studying biotechnology engineering and what I can say is that everything with moderation is good. The problem comes when corporations eradicate biodiversity for something lucrative and put in risk the environment. GMOs can save us from hunger, specially with overpopulation, but it must be taken with responsibility and trying to do what's best for us and the planet, not for the pockets of a few.
Is it just me or was that picture of the wild banana REALLY upsetting 😨🍌
Poor,poor bananas
If anything is edible I eat it cuz I learned not to waste food 😀
I have a PhD in the biological and biomedical field. While my field of study is not agronomy, I understand molecular biology so I think I can give a somewhat informed opinion on the GMOs topic. I think there’s a lot of misinformation about this subject. Many people think that they are unhealthy, but the modified vegetal shouldn’t be unhealthy per se. However, one problem could be if those crops are combined with pesticides that are bad for our health and/or the environment. I think the introduction of GMO crops needs to be analyzed case by case because they could have potential environmental and cultural consequences, but there’s no need to see GMOs as bad as a whole. Also, all the vegetables that we consume today hace been genetically modified through selection, just the method was different.
Another great video. And thank you for the additional information about Panama disease. Just one more illustration of why GMOs are so *incredibly* important. Study after study after study has shown that they are safe. Add to that the potential for solving *some* of the food scarcity issues around the world - I just don't understand why it's still so widely debated.
In here we usually wrap the top of green bananas to make them ripen them faster
I'm not even here for the debunking part.  I just want that 60 seconds of education segment.
55F is the typical temperature of a wine fridge so if you have one of those...
I have no issues with genetically modified foods. I think it's great. If we can make designer foods that last longer, grow bigger, have more protein or whatever... that's great.
The beginning of these videos: Haha let's laugh at the ridiculousness of some of these ideas! Kids, don't try this at home, you could get hurt! The ending of these videos: This is what's happening in the world and we should all be aware of it.    Personally, I think some GMOs get a bad reputation. My uncle blamed GMOs for everything from cancer to autism (but he was not a very informed man and had a tendency to take conspiracy theories as truth). Maybe I just don't know enough, but I'm of the opinion that making plants more resistant to diseases, pests and other factors - *so long as it isn't causing serious harm to the consumer or environment* - then it isn't a terrible thing. Of course, I would rather if we didn't try to play god if we could avoid it since it's better to know the long-term effects before putting it out into a population (that and why fix what isn't broken?), but this scenario seems like one where intervention is necessary. Bananas have a very bloody history, but the simple fact of the matter is that so many people, including good family businesses, rely heavily on bananas to survive. That, and if it really is making up 25% of a person's diet, then losing it doesn't seem to be an option. Could we eventually adapt? Of course, but putting millions of lives on the line in the interim isn't an option in my opinion.
the banana sunscreen one was SO stupid. like first it’s just completely false, and two, if you forget sunscreen, just *sit in the shade!*
This was uploaded after my birthday...would be lovely if it was on my birthday.
Who knew the world cared so much about bananas!
Is nobody gonna talk about the UV beads covered in banana actually being darker than the regular beads? It's doing the opposite of promised.
The chanel could also be named " how to research" 😅
Fascinating. Thanks. I am growing my own bananas here in South Florida and they are heavenly. I don't know what variety. They seem to me to be much sweeter and smaller than the ones for sale in the stores. Hope mine don't get that fungus.
in italy ogms are illigal, the only legal ogms are the one in animal's food.
Lost a subscriber because you took that NordVPN money and encouraged your users to circumnavigate international copyright law
You asked for opinions so here's mine based on logic: Growing one crop in mass quantities continually in the same area is what causes strains of these diseases to evolve and then attack the entire crop. Better to rotate crops and create a more self sustaining system by also varying the type of plant grown beside each other. Instead of acre after acre of the exact same thing, which is also the equivalent of putting all eggs in one basket. Genetically modifying the plant merely perpetuates the problem and creates stronger and more deadly diseases due to the fact that bacteria, viruses and fungi can quickly evolve since they can reproduce so quickly. Whether the disease is to plants, animals or humans will remain to be seen in each case - consider studies done on the effects of feeding GMO corn to livestock - if you can still find the independent peer-reviewed research. Thank you for the informative video!
Omg you actually chose Greece, I’m Greek !!
Literally every single modern day food is Genetically modified in some way. Usually to make the plants taste better, like Broccoli for example. Watermelon was modified, bananas are already modified so they don't produce the typical large seeds found in wild bananas, not to mention all of the "seedless" fruit varieties, etc. Quite often, like the case with these bananas, it's necessary to keep crops around. It literally saved the life of these plants that could have otherwise been wiped out by disease. But like with seedless fruit, it can be bad for the crops as they can become nore prone to disease, like with our modern "seedless" bananas that we're all used to. Genetically modifying food is not always a bad thing, as I said there isn't a single food that we eat (at least in the US, can't say for everywhere else, of course) that hasn't been modified in some way. And I have to say, people have a lot of nerve, being against genetically modified food when they have no issue eating frozen/microwaveable food or fast food. The exception would probably be wild caught fish/seafood and animals that were hunted for food. But
Thank you! very educational, scientific and entertaining :)
it’s banana time! 😋
I love the way in which she says 'banana'...🍌🍌❤️❤️
It's impressive how you can make so many debunking videos that's both warm and pleasant, thanks to your great narration, but also educates people about the scientific method by testing various dubious claims and also shows how to do basic research online. You don't just tell people that this information is wrong, you also show the underlying work and methods to why.
Oven baked  chocolate bananas  is a thing though. Google it! Ate it a lot as a kid as a cheap dessert.
the choclate banana thing is really comon to do on scout hikes. you you wrap it in tin foil and put it next to the fire.
In Girl Scouts we used to slice open the banana peel and fill it with nuts and chocolate. Then roast the banana over the campfire. It was super tasty.
I don't have a problem with GMOs personally
"banana peel? that packaging around it?" :D:D
Isn't it the opposite? Put a banana in a closed container with unripe fruits and the unripe fruits will ripen quicker.
Poor Dave... will say a prayer for him 🤣
the bananas we have now are already genetically modified, theyre way different than they used to be so this one gene doesnt make a difference
I mean considering people’s source of income and food supply comes from bananas then gmo is a good thing
Cristine needs to show this to Ben
27:50  in fact there have been several new varieties of banana that have a natural resistance to TR4 floating around in the market and companies are testing out new varieties constantly.  my personal favorite variety is the  Red Dacca as implied in the name it has a red peel and the texture is nothing like a cavendish. the flesh is firm and juicy very much like eating a strawberry with a strong berry tropical aroma
I'd love a collaboration between you and Alton Brown.  Science-brained chefs!
I think that without GMO our food supply wouldn’t exist as it is today. I don’t agree with “roundup ready” or anything like that but I sure do like going to the grocery store and being able to buy food. Always having food available is probably the best thing the human race has been able to do. People who are afraid of all GMO don’t understand what it is or why it’s important.
Cool
"Even monkeys peel them"
I litterally have a separate fruit fridge in my house 😀
The only thing you got out of that were fruit flies
I make banana bread with any left over bad bananas. :)
Im cool with GMOs. This is an excellent example of why they're needed.  Science!
So educational. Thanks.
So we crossed our edible bananas with unedible bananas... in hopes to get a banana that we can eat.  So my only question is......  If you sow the seeds from the GMO banana, does it grow? GMO crops typically produce sterile seeds.
Quality content
When u dont have a separate banana fridge 😤😤😤
PLEASE can you do a Game of Thrones cake, that would be AWESOME!😆
Unless the research on GMO has changed substantially in the last few years, my only "safety" concern was from the ecological and predatory-capitalist angles rather than the human-health angle. There's nothing inherent to the GMO process that would impact a human or other random animal eating the resulting produce. It's swapping one banana gene for another banana gene, making a new banana.  It's like a really fast version of normal selective breeding.
thanks for the banana hack debunking the plastic wrap tale. i always wondered how come that does anything in the first place. also, i find the volume really low here for some reason.
My  bananas get brown on the outside but they are great on the inside... not sure what you think about this.
20:00 I feel like people don't understand science
The biggest issue with GMO foods is less the foods themselves, and more that companies like Monsanto essentially copyright their gmo crops, and farmers end up having to pay them huge amounts of money to grow them, or starve - if the usual wheat the farmer grows is in a field next to monsanto wheat, they will crosspolinate, and the next year, monsanto will say "actually, what you're growing there is OUR wheat, pay up!"   it's a lot more complicated than just that obviously,  but as usual, huge companies who value profits over human lives are most of the problem.
Hello from Greece! 😄♥️
GMO: my view is that it depends on what exactly has been changed, so adding a gene from a wild variety of the same species like this one: no problem. Making a plant herbicide-resistant (so it can be sprayed without killing it) or even making the plant produce herbicide itself: absolutely not! The problem is that most GMO crops are of the latter variety :-(
me who just wants to eat a banana :  *no*
We have lakatan and saba bananas here, they are delicious
The issue with bananas is that all of them are clones. The type of banana we eat have no gender and do not 'reproduce' as regular plants, so the plant that'll produce fruit is just cut and transplanted endlessly to make more of it. The fruit is already genetically engineered by humans because it is infertile and simply cannot exist the way we know it without outside influence. This is also why bananas we eat, both the old and the new type, are so susceptible to fungus/disease/insects. They would have been wiped out by nature long ago because they are all a copy of the same plant, and that plant was being killed by a natural enemy. None of them had the defences to combat that and they can't produce any defenses themselves.
The banana in the microwave with chocolate is one of my family's favorite camping treats! You stuff a banana with whatever you want, then wrap it in foil and Chuck it on the fire! Delicious on a cool camping night!
Why does that look like  spaghetti ?
So you're saying my bananas will be horrible half-banana, half-banana monstrocities!?  No thank you!
I love your content it really makes me happy . I feel like a child watch ing ur videos🥰
I personally thing that gene modification is and will become a necessity in the near future. Firstly, with rising global temperatures, most crops wont be able to grow anymore. It's either gmo's or artifical foodplants that are fully controled and where the otherwise natural conditions are simulated.  And we are not allowed to forget the every rising population. There will be a point where "natural" just doesn't cut it anymore. And for everyone against it, just as an example, look at wild corn, wild wheat or even wild banana's as Ann showed. Those were all modified and selectively bread to increase yield.
9:16 At first I thought that wouldn't taste good but you made it look so good I kinda want to try it now.
https://youtu.be/Y7vmvDBEoms
Food hack videos can get really weird. Especially when it comes to where they get their info from. And for me, I don’t really mind genetically modified fruits for the most part. As genetically modified doesn’t always automatically mean toxic and not edible. Some of the food we get from stores are genetically modified in a way and we wouldn’t notice until we look it up, and most of the time they aren’t harmful due to the modifications. And from what I’ve seen most store bought bananas are genetically modified in a way. So I won’t really mind the genetically modified banana plants, as long as they are fully confirmed to be non-toxic.
the last bits about the bananas was so informative and made me appreciate bananas more lol
GMOs have already saved millions of lives with no credible evidence to suggest they are unsafe to eat.
GMO and selective breeding are the same thing, just at a different time frame. Selective breeding can create hybrids, that are resistant to specific conditions, but this can take several generations or crop cycles, maybe even more. GMO does the same, but we can help it along the way. Something else I think is often misunderstood about GMO, is that, combining genes from different species will affect us. But we don't eat genetic material, we eat the proteins, carbohydrates, fats, etc. Our stomach can't extract the genetic information from our food.
Audio is sooo loowwm... Lov watching ur videos
Thanks for the content! You're a great source ok knowledge and I'm very glad to keep up with your videos!
My attitude towards GMO is very positive. People who are against it are uneducated and believe in conspiracy theories. Almost all foods are cultivated, selected and genetically modified, and it isn't doing any harm to our bodies. most of the natural, original foods we have now were once inedible.
I am perfectly fine with GMO I mean a lot of grown food that we consume has been genetically modified for example corn on the cob
I think gmo is fine as long as its not cruel like when they make meat chickens that can hardly walk
Love this vid
When you’re sharing all of this amazing info all I can think about is all the time you put in to trying to find the right answers, proof, and how smart you are! Like really, WOW!!! The more I get in to the video how do you think of these examples?!
The "roots" of the fake hack with the aloe looks like corn silk with banana silk
Savage mom check 😎
banana hacks in specific
Ok she place the in sunlight? Looks like a doom with no lights 🤷🏾‍♂️
Mi mamá hacia "carne mechada" con la concha del plátano, pero se supone que es la parte de adentro no la de afuera.
Do you have a cat or some type of animal??
oh thats weird, here in germany our fridges are usually a little wramer 7 - 8 C. How warm or cold are the fridges in other countries?
Melted chocolate and hot banana is really good. Here in Scandinavia it's not uncommon to have it as a dessert after a barbeque, because you can wrap it all up and heat it on the grill. I've never done it in the microwave, but I reckon it's the same basic idea.
during summer camp we used to put chocolate chips inside a sliced open banana then wrap the whole thing in foil and put it over a fire. It's called a banana boat and it was delicious
I don't understand the hatred for genetic modification. People I think are just misinformed and think the plants are getting injected with all sorts of unnatural chemicals, when in many cases, much like this disease resistent cavendish banana, it's mostly selective breeding, so the plant bears more produce and is more resistant to disease.
OMG THAT IS AMAZING!!!!! Thank goodness they are saying Bananas. Until this very moment I was thinking bananas were just going to disappear one day. Thank goodness for SCIENCE ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
If you grill (barbecue) the bananas with chocolate rather than put them in the microwave they will come out really nice :) we do this with my friends and enjoy the taste
5 minute crafts: banannanannanananananananaaaaaaaa.......
<3
That microwaved banana and chocolate is actually really good if you bother getting rid of the skin first. It's basically 2  ingredient chocolate banana pudding on easy mode
If our bananas are going bad we just make banana bread
Selective breeding of crops is just GMO with more uncertainties, so I don't see the problem with GMO. of course rigorous test must be done before commercialisation
GMOs, so good at ending world hunger that people have forgotten that is an issue so they find something else to worry about.
Even monkeys peel bananas!, 😂
I am pro-GMO for exactly this kind of situations, GMOs are often used to breed disease resistant or drought resistant or flood resistant food and so on. This can be a real life saver for many people with less than ideal soil for agriculture. Of course I do want to point out that GMO companies can be quite immoral, some only sell sterilized seeds so that farmers can't use the seeds from their harvest for next years crop and have to return to the GMO company for their seeds. This drives some farmers, especially in poorer areas, to bankruptcy.
The practical totality of foods that humans consume are genetically modified, either through mutation and artificial selection, directed crossbreeding and even induced mutation and selection through things like UV light, all without getting the dreaded "GM" label. The only difference is that now we can be a LOT more specific about how we modify our foods, whereas in the past we modified them with a lot less control. The fears around GM are largely based around fearmongering and scientific ignorance, or are arguments that while legitimate have nothing to do with the technology itself (ie. pesticide resistant GM crops may be bad for the local ecology, which is is legitimate but has to do with the use of pesticides, NOT the technology that gave them that resistance, it would be exactly the same if it were a random mutation that wasn't "GM"). Directed genetic modification has been an incredible tool for reducing world hunger and it's no coincidence that those who agitate against them are almost never those who experience food insecurity or the possibility of their entire livelihoods being wiped out by a plant disease.
tuning in to a video at random and when out of the blue my country is mentioned.i did not expect that
You should make a series about agriculture Anne, the end bit about Panama disease was so interesting and eye opening! Cheers.
The banana skin looks like spaghetti
I don't know about everyone else, but I like bananas a bit brown. It's sweeter and I have a sweet tooth.
Bananas are already genetically modified along with a lot of other produce we eat regularly like corn and are perfectly safe and healthy eat. A lot of people don't even understand what GMO means and automatically think it is bad because they don't know what it actually is.
Everything I've seen from scientists days that GMO products aren't bad for you. In fact, they used science to make them BETTER for you. Its kinda like MSG, right? Just... propaganda to make you not want it.
Oh ok. So this is why Bananas abroad taste either like nothing or extra shitty. I come from a Banana producing country and Bananas taste soooo much better here than abroad where they're exported to
The sound is so low
The cavendish banana is already highly modified by our breeding, to the point that its domesticated. Having issue with it being further modifed to be fungus resistant is just ridiculous anti-science drivel.
"One bad sunburn as a child or teen doubles you chance..." Me, who has had several bad sunburns as a child, and a teen, and as an adult because I'm super freckled and pale.  Oh. Well... that sucks.
A 30 minute debunking video from Ann ? Christmas isn’t for another month ❤️
13:40  It's sooooo good if you put the banana with chocolate in the oven not in the microwave. Dark chocolate, milk chocolate - pick your favourite!
i genuinely think its so sad to see honest and wholesome creators being pushed out of YouTube because they cant get enough views. content farms are taking over the platform and if YouTube really cared about the types of creators that their algorithm showed viewers they would do something about it.
Is it just me, or does the UV-beads with banana on them, actually look more coloured than the control?...
Fear of GMOs is limited to populations who have the privilege to have wide access to food. Starving communities in Africa don't care about whether their corn is resistant to drought because of a modified gene.
I've had that cooked banana with chocolate chips, but we wrapped them in foil and cooked them over a fire rather than in the microwave! (We also added marshmallows)
Every upload you make is just a wonderful shot of common sense, researched information, and destruction of disinformation, not to mention being very entertaining. Love your work spreading good information! <3
Regarding GMOs- there is zero evidence GMO foods are harmful and humans have been genetically modifying food since we invented agriculture (bananas are an excellent example). Furthermore this case isn't like liberty corn where the corn is being modified in a transgenic manner to make it resistant to chemical pesticide. This is much more akin to a very specific type of cross breeding where only the desired trait has been moved.  GMO panic is a reaction of under informed people to a process that sounds scary.
i learned so many things from Ann <3
I honestly thought the chilli/banana/watermelon image was an in-joke, because Anne had made that other video about how thumbnails on clickbait videos can have nothing to do with the content.
I am ok with genetic modified food unless it has anything to do with Monsanto
I'm 19 minutes in and "Banana" is no longer a word with meaning. I imagine Ann had the same problem.
Just eat the Bananas before it goes brown jeez
As a biologist I wouldn't mind eating a GMO banana... honestly people who are so against that idea should make some research and see how plants and cattle looked like thousands years ago. Do they think the cows were so massive and with mammal glands this big all year long? Do they think the corn and the rice plants looked this gorgeous? We have been selecting and playing with their genes since the start, simply with breeding. We have banks with seeds to preserve the genes for plants, but the reality is that we already changed the genes of what we eat, a long while ago. With GMO you just extract a gene or two and have the results faster. *shrugs*
sorry only way to keep fresh banana is to have whole batch intact hanged somewhere.
Of course I didn't believe ALL the life hacks you've debunked till now, but I really believed this "wrap plastic on banana top" one and I don't know why. I never tried it thought. Anyways, another great video. Keep it up, keep spreading re-information.
Plantain peel is actually literally my favorite food in existence but you can't use normal bananas. You have to use plantains.
Baking bananas with chocolate at least used to be a pretty popular dessert in Sweden (and other places too it seems like)! Although you usually bake them in the oven, not the microwave, and serve with ice cream!
If GMO is used responsibly and for a purpose like with bananas or keeping a crop alive I'm fine with it. If I notice my bananas getting passed their best I prepare and freeze them for smoothies. I do this with a lot of fruits and make homemade sorbets.
3°C in your fridge?! That's way too cold. Usually 8-12°C is absolutely sufficient and saves energy. Only the coolest zone in your fridge should have around 2-5°C (and this is were you keep raw meat and fish for short term). But that would be too cold for beverages, fruits/veggies, cheese, eggs etc. That's why fridges have different temperature zones to begin with.
Jeez, I got sunburnt religiously as a kid. Even as a young adult, just walking to and from the shops. I've got super pale skin and usually sweated off the sunscreen or ran straight into the Welsh sea, usually emerging covered in parasites xD ah good times... But yeah, I'm worried now.
Anne: But... let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try. Me: I am so sorry Dave...
The baked banana is a really common dessert, but it’s not all that good :)
Nigella Lawson just made a banana skin curry in her latest TV show/cookbook Cook Eat Repeat. The idea repulsed me a bit if I’m honest.
GMO is illegal in Norway. I will not take my bananas for granted any more.
I used to be pretty wary of GMO stuff, but then I realized that it costs a lot of extra money to buy (which I do not have to spend anymore), it's been around a long time and we don't really have any evidence supporting the idea that it's harmful to us to eat, and it really is important to keep our crops safe because one major food shortage for the developed world will effectively bring everything to its knees. I also heard somewhere that a farmer in Canada was anti-monsanto, and was only using heirloom seeds, and then monsanto sued him (and won) because his seeds had been cross-bred (likely from birds dropping seeds and such) with their stuff and now were technically GMO seeds. I don't remember any of the particulars as to why there was a lawsuit or whatever, I just remember the outcome of the cross-breeding that he wasn't actually aware of nor actively involved in changing his heirloom seeds into something else; and that made me think that we probably cannot guarantee, without DNA testing, that anything we eat is GMO free 100% so why bother worrying about it?
Dave: its been a long year *bites into banana peel*
I've always wrapped my banana bunch with plastic wrap and they stay yellow for 2 weeks. 🥴
Who would've thought watching how to cook that ended up with you being all informative about banana
they should show this to vegans proving plant death is sad also
Another great one. And my wife and I discussed the whole GMO thing when you talked about that. Yes, we do think there are times it can be not a good thing, a bad thing. But gosh, there are many times it's a GOOD thing, like this right here. I mean, it's like a vaccine for us, only for bananas. This is not something to be poo-poo'd on. This is GOOD.
I’ve done the chocolate banana one at summer camp, you just cut a slit in the banana and put chocolate chips or chunks in it, wrap it in tinfoil and stick it next to your bonfires. The chocolate melts and the banana gets a little warm, and you just unwrap it and spoon out the best non-fancy desert I’ve ever had.
Fun fact: my hometown has the largest banana ripening facility in Europe.
I don't know why people are against GMO, we've been modifying crops since farming began. Just the slow way, breeding things for qualities we like.
New Ann Readon debunking video Me : I need a hot tea, a comfortable sofa and a warm blanket. Let's start 😁
this video made me eat a banana
Are you wearing Holo Taco, Ann? Your nails look fabulous under the sunlight!
that chocolate in the banana is something we have done for ages here. We also wrap them in foil and grill them. It's yum yum :D
I've eaten a banana peel in desperation it was 3am I was hungry and didn't want to take more than one so I ate it judge me layer
I don't care about genetically modified food, I only care about pesticides and sprays, that is what I DON'T want to eat.
soms heeft genetika een duwte nodig, maar je moet de effecten op lang termijn weten. Dus ja en neen. niet vergeten genetika veranderd ook op natuurlijke wijze maar het neemt duizend/million jaren. het is een vraag die altijd debat zal doen
Anti-GMOers tend to forget that most of our produce have already been genetically engineered over centuries to get to their current state.
Eww bananas
Oop back at it again exposing scammers 🤭
this is a brilliant video, thank you
ben from simply naillogical ain't happy
An amazing video as always. Please keep making more videos! I'll always be anticipating a notification from your channel!💕
People need to learn to love other species of bananas. South East Asia has a ton of variety.
The gmo banana thing: many of these diseases can spread because of extreme mono culture. All these bananas are clones! Because they cant reproduce (since they have no seeds) they are grown from cuttings and are all genetically the same. If we as a society keep pushing the way we do monoculture more and more food crops will have a silimar fate. Disease resistance is often a chance happening with normal fertilisation, and the therefor impossible with this method of reproduction. GMO is a feasable fix, but just the sympthom is cured not the cause. Also GMO as monsanto does it is differnet in my opinion. I dont like that. They have made rules about crossing your own plants which you bought now. I hate that because it makes it real hard to prefent falling in the monoculture trap even as a hobby gardener
5minutes crafts have been putting click bait videos in the start of their videos lately.  They do nothing but be thumbnails for clickbait
GMOs are so bad! They're so disgusting and unnatural. Who cares if they could help with the world's food shortage problem.
The chocolate microwaved banana girl is Greek and that makes me embarrassed as a Greek 😂
Many bananas are used for other videos shoot u know
These videos are so so good!
I think gmos are really cool. They're science at work. And solving real life problems. I get some skepticism of genetically modified anything but, if you do you're research, it's not that scary.
Your videos have such quality content! You can really tell how much work and research goes into it.
Bananas are not fully ripe until they are partially brown. Putting bananas in the fridge will cause them to turn completely brown faster, I've tested this myself and found it true, but the skin is the only thing that turns brown faster the inside stays yellow/white and firm for much longer than keeping bananas at room temperature. Bananas are also not at their peak nutritious-ness until they are partially brown and slightly soft on the inside. They just don't look as good nor is their texture as appealing, so most actively choose to ignore this fact.   And the people that are fiercely anti-GMO are usually just largely misinformed. The vast majority of people who are fiercely anti-GMO just don't know what it actually means or hear it as a buzz word and just have to agree with the people they want to 'fit in' with. GMO crops could actually eliminate starvation. Heck, thanks to GMO's the vast majority of lumber mills in North America no longer chop down wild trees, they instead chop down private tree 'fields' that are filled with GMO trees that have been modified to grow much stronger, stronger trees means stronger material; much faster, instead of 40-100 years for fully mature trees it takes less than 10 so that by the time they harvest the last of the oldest trees the oldest of the new trees is fully matured and ready to be harvested; and they resistant to both insect and fungal/mold infestation; and they can grow is much less nutrient rich soil than their wild relatives can. These GMO trees combined with reforestation efforts has actually resulted in the USA having more forest area/tree area than ever before in recorded history so the GMO trees are not only producing better lumber but they're helping the planet as well.
would it be possible to bring back the previously wiped out bananas with a similar process as what they are trying with current ones?
Huh.  I had thought the hair dryer caused the banana to turn black, and then the guy just reversed the footage.  Didn't think about black ink.
You can google and pinpoint the year when something was first mentioned, but are oblivious of the Wayback Machine? http://wayback.archive.org/
I'll be honest, I don't understand why GMOs are so upsetting to so many people. It's amazing that we can splice genes instead of selectively breeding for decades
Eaten? Or bought then thrown away? Lol
Doctor: here is the covid vaccine Me: 9:36
GMO bananas or no bananas? Looks like I'll be eating some GMO bananas ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Love science! GMO aren’t bad, people are just scared of what they don’t understand. Different kinds of produce that are man made are basically GMOs too — cross two different fruits and get best of both. GMOs are just better controlled.
I love GMOs, personally. They help prevent starvation and loss of income for millions (probably billions!) of people. I'd rather eat a genetically modified banana (or cucumber, or watermelon, or cow, for that matter) than sit around feeling superior snacking on spinach (quick Google search to see if spinach as we know it is genetically modified: it's not) while people starve to death or watch their livelihood disappear.
The potassium in me craves BLOOD
After watching this i feel like a banana expert
I think a lot of GMO (plant) debate is stupid, cause people hear the buzz word “genetically modified” and start picturing radioactive/cancerous Frankenstein food when for the most part, it’s perfectly safe shit. Its basically just sped up selective breeding. Oh no! There’s no seeds in this banana and watermelon, I’m gonna dieeee! These peas are 3x bigger than what you’d find in nature, ooohh my god! 🙄 there’s some stuff I think has merit, like genetically modified meats are kinda sus, but plants/fruits/veg?? Literally no downside 99% of the time.
I wouldn’t use a microwave but putting chocolate buttons in a sliced banana, wrapping it in foil and cooking it on a bbq is the best camping desert you can have!
People freaking out about bananas ripping too soon should just look up banana bread and try doing some.
Dont care about the GMO as long as i can eat bananas
Maybe the banana peel barbecue could taste better if you put a little less sauce.
Well, I don't want the banana to be wiped out, so screw it
Ann is such a classy and well mannered badass that I simply cannot help but to adore her.
Hey can you do mango butter and uv beads
She’s gonna have a lot of banana bread
Yessss I learn some thing new to
I love when people are anti-GMO, but don’t realize that all our modern produce is modified. We don’t eat wild fruits and veg. They are modified crops, that doesn’t mean they are harmful to eat. You don’t absorb the chromosomes from the food, your stomach and intestines break it down into macros then amino acids and sugars anyway. What IS harmful is when large Ag complexes get government subsidies to pump our food supply chains with corn and soy, instead of healthier options.
The only thing I don’t like about GMO is because the corporation that sponsors it can take advantage of the monopoly and take the profits away from the farmers.  Otherwise I don’t have a problem with GMOs
I literally paused my video so many times because I thought that bird noise in the video was actually near me
Suncream????????? 4:07
The thing with gmo is, that not every body is prepared to digest modified  nutrition. So the body starts to Attac it with infections to rot out the unknown product in the digestionsystem. Thatswhy so many people get ill. That is at least what the doctors in my clinic told us as I was treated for ucerativ colitis. Some bodies just can't tolerate the "new foods", and starts making antibodies without an actual cause.
Another thing with the "grow a monstera from a leaf" is that unless it has a node, it's not going to grow roots, it can't!! Also, aloes/succulents will grow new roots in almost any substrate haha.
Sounds like a flu shot for bananas. I think it's awesome 😁
What a great vid... Great content
I like my bananas a couple of days before they're ripe. I had been separating them to stop them from ripening too quickly (and I notice they always ripen faster in summer), but now I'm going to put them in the fridge and live with the skins going brown. Thanks Ann!
Have you ever wondered why banana flavoring doesn’t taste like the bananas we know today? It’s because that flavoring is based on the banana which was wiped out, now you know!
People don't like GMOs but many don't really understand how it works. Sometimes many GMOs foods can be less harmful than many things that people eat regularly and also benefitial for areas where there is food scarcity.
Banana we eat is already genetically modified because they don't have seed Have u ever thought what is the point of makeing fruit when it's not producing any seed these types of fruits are called as parthenocarpic fruit  And we made them because banana 🍌 seed are very annoying to some ppl we remove seeds from grape because they taste so bad and they are so hard that they can even break Ur teeth And u can buy many fruits without seeds So i think it's fine to make banana genetically modified if it's save someone livelihood 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Banana fritters are amazing, my grandfathers recipe is the best.  I bet they would change Dave's mind about cooked banana
doing God's work with these videos lol
My mom always put bananas in the race contener
One bad sunburn doubles your chance of skin cancer as an adult? [Sighs in former lifeguard.]
Dave should have been on the new $100 bill
It doesn’t bother me nearly as much about the genetic modification of bananas since the gene used to modify the cavendish breed came from another species/breed of banana. Now, splicing in genes from a completely different species altogether is super weird, and turns ordinary things into a sort of Frankenstein food.
I don't care if bananas are genetically modified, I'm still not gonna eat them.
I like to use bananas in my green smoothies but recently I've given up on fresh ones. They attract so many fruit flies it just isn't worth it anymore. I would catch 20+ fruit flies per day in a trap after just a couple days of the bananas being on my kitchen counter 🤕
Thank you Ann for all of your research, dedication and time! Your videos are always a treat! <3
I remember commenting on one of your videos regarding Ethylene gas and the misconduct of the experiment. Now I understand, why I was wrong. I felt like you were talking directly to me :) Thank you very much for your tedious and wonderful work and commentary. I truly admire you.
Personally, i don't see a problem with GMO's. As long as it seems like GMO's don't harm the human body, I think its perfectly fine.
I think they used rooting hormones on the plants
So nice and refreshing to have someone who is so upfront about the truth! Revealing and VERY informative! THANK you Ann and Dave!
Wow. This was really cool Ann! Now I’m curious about plantains vs bananas. I would love to see even something short about that. In terms of the GMO, it’s hard to say. Will it have a negative effect when eaten? If not, I like bananas so, yes please!
So. Does this mean it's time to talk about the banana mafia?  (Only slightly joking)
Most GMOs are created to support mono-culture crops against specific diseases or climate, which means there are less pesticides used in their production. That's a win in my book!
Cooking bananas with chocolate, nuts, and/or marshmallows is an American thing, I think! We make it all the time when camping, I've heard them called "banana boats" or "baked banana". Usually it's wrapped in foil and cooked over a fire, though, not in a microwave
I've learnt so much about bananas ! Thanks ! As far as I love your beautiful cakes videos, I think the ones where you are experimenting (wether it's fake cooking hacks, kitchen accessories or old recipes) are my favourites.  Along with the mini kitchen series 😊
We are not buying 🍌 .... we harvest them from plants.... organic and fresh.... and last for like five days....😂😂 yes... our family members love to eat banana...
Poor dave🤣
GMOs get a bit of a bad rap. Humans have always modified their crop foods, which is a sort of genetic modification, just nowadays instead of spending countless generations of plants trying to get a disease resistant one or bigger crops, it's possible to do it faster. I think people are scared of the concept because it's been passed around that genetic modification is akin to injecting weird chemicals into the edible part, or akin to harsh pesticides, when in reality the modifying occurred long before the plant that produced what you're eating was even grown. And in a lot of places, this is a more environmentally conscious way of stopping invasive pests than just bug bombing a field with inedible stuff. Sorry for the rant though :)
Yay! Ann!
Please make more debunking video ❤️
Come on we can grow it in soil too We don't need to waste banana 🍌
The banana peel sandwich is very usual un Venezuela, about poor people use to eat ir.
6:45 how on earth did studies like this get funded lol? Not that it's bad, it's just so random ...
Nothing wrong with GMOs. Most people have no idea why they're against them, they just are because they heard from someone or somewhere that GMOs = bad and it makes them feel superior and intelligent to parrot the information. Genetically modifying food can aid in curing world hunger and poverty, and as with the banana, can keep entire foods from falling to disease. Remember the Irish potato famine? That was caused by a fungus, too. It also wiped out around A MILLION PEOPLE. That was what, something like 18-20% of the Irish? Hot damn, 20% of the population??? If we can prevent something like that from ever occurring again by genetically modifying foods, then I don't see how such a thing could possibly be construed as negative. It could be the literal difference between the death or perpetuation of humanity. GMOs? Bring 'em on!   I think the only bad thing about GMOs is the potential for corruption. Company A makes a potato saving modification and wants to make money off of it more than they want to end world hunger, and end up squandering the positive results while the rest of us starve. But that's not really a problem with GMOs as much as it is with corporatism and humanity.
I hope you baked some yummy banana bread or banana muffins with all those ripened bananas
When my bananas go real brown, I actually use them to make banana bread! They become super soft and sugary at this stage, so they make amazingly moist banana bread that you don't have to add as much sugar to (I put none). Hope this gives someone some ideas!
That chocolate banana thing is an actual thing! At least, I saw it once when I was young. We were camping, and visited some family friends who were camping nearby, and they did something like this. They cut open the bananas (they might have peeled it entirely, I honestly don't remember too well), added chocolate, then they wrapped it in tin foil and cooked it over the fire. I don't remember what they called it, but we all liked it. It's effectively chocolate-covered-banana. Not that hard to see why people would like it imo. I think it's actually a fairly popular thing in Japan? But that's an actual peeled banana coated in chocolate.  Anyway, yeah, chocolate and banana is a thing
ah yes. people will say no to genetically modified foods but will happily eat a banana that is selectively bred over many many generations to be basically infertile as we said "how about you don't have seeds" people too picky
15:57 🍌😳
I believe GMOs are actually good for people. I don't believe Organic is better than GMOs because most of our food are GMOs anyway. Modifying the genes actually can help better yields of crops and maybe even more nutritious. Not sure about nutrients one but as far as I know GMOs help with food production.
The banana and chocolate are called "banana boats" and in my experience were usually eaten at camp (with marshmallows sometimes added as well). The reason they were cooked in the banana skin was that we would cook them in a campfire wrapped in tin foil. Looking back, it was an ingenious dessert as it tasted good but was also gluten-free, nut-free, dairy-free, and (arguably) healthier than other options like ice cream.  I do have to admit I haven't eaten them as an adult, and probably wouldn't just make one in the microwave. Like smores, the location/setting you eat and how you cooked it really affects its enjoyability.
The news media in China is censored, but one can still get a glimpse of the Chinese Communist Party's brutality from the filtered reports that conform to the CCP's narratives.  A Chinese woman living in Japan flew back to China for a heart transplant. Within 10 days, she was provided with four hearts, one after another. As this news was widely reported in China boasting the ample supply of organs, medical professionals began to question the source of these organs, as reported by National Review in an article on August 13 titled “More Evidence of ‘Organs on Demand’ System in China.”  “China has been repeatedly and credibly accused of organ harvesting the Falun Gong and other political prisoners, usually for the black market, in which rich foreigners needing a transplant travel there and buy their lives at the cost of ending someone else’s,” wrote Wesley J. Smith in the article. “It is an evil trade, and one for which China should be shunned by the international community.”  Citing an article titled “4 Hearts in 10 Days: China’s ‘On Demand’ Organ Bank Raises Concerns of Forced Harvesting” published in The Epoch Times on August 11, the National Review article considered the aforementioned woman's on-demand organ supply as new evidence of the forced organ harvesting in China. Torsten Trey, executive director of Doctors Against Forced Organ Harvesting (DAFOH) said patients in the United States usually wait around 6.9 months for a matching heart. This means that finding four hearts for the same person would require over two years in the U.S.   But that was not the whole story. The Epoch Times article noted that half of the U.S. population, or over 156 million adults, have given donation consent. But in China, people in general are reluctant to donate organs due to cultural reasons, and the voluntary organ donation system hardly functions in China.   The easy access to four hearts for one patient in a short time indicates that the organs were provided through an “on demand system,” Trey explained. This is further supported by the double-lung transplants that were broadly reported by Chinese media. Ethan Gutmann, a China analyst in this field, said that the message from such media coverage in China is that, “We have the organs. It’s safe. Come on over. China is open for business.”  In his 2014 book, The Slaughter, Gutmann documented testimonies from top-ranking police officials and Chinese doctors who had confirmed or participated in the organ harvesting crimes. During an interview with DAFOH, he said that many people have asked why the CCP would commit such atrocities. To answer that question, Gutmann conducted extensive analysis and documented his findings in the book.   “There is nothing stupid about such questions; in fact they are the central dilemma that my book investigates. Six of my ten chapters are devoted to how and why the repression of Falun Gong spun out of control,” he said in the interview.   Similarly, Smith also believes that ethics plays a crucial role. “The leaders of a despotism that eschews the sanctity of life, engages in forced labor/slavery to run its industrial manufacturing sector, and crushes religious minorities, aren’t going to worry about (to them) petty limitations such as morality and basic human decency,” He wrote in the National Review article.  “That’s on them. What’s on us is that we allow them to get away with it,” he concluded.
The only problem with GMOs is when companies own the rights to them. Saving people from starving shouldent be owned and monetized by big business.
What is it we Aussies were taught as kids...? Slip slop slap seek and slide? Bs like that banana UV blocker hurts me to think people might actually do
THE HOLO NAILS😍😍
every time I watch one of her videos I learn something new (●’◡’●)
Mostly ok with putting a gene from one type of banana into another type of banana? Not ok with putting genes from a jellyfish into a banana (for example. Not that anyone is doing that. I'm refering toa GMO test where they add a bioluminescence gene from a jellyfish into a mammal, and the mammal glows in flourescent light)
Is no one gonna talk about the octopus clip that flashed while Dave ate the banana peel burger?
Gmo is evolution it is the same
With all these dangerous fake hacks am so happy we have u to protect us🖤
GMOs are great. People against them are scientifically ignorant and need to pick up a science text book.
Dave is a treasure
That aloe one makes NOOOO sense. Succulents HATE sitting in wet soil.
Ok hold on I know this video is about debunking 5 min craps but there's beads that change into beautiful colors in the sun. Where can I buy them?
i love the way she says banana
6:11 Me who is colour blind: hmm yes I can’t see anything The sunscreen def worked
Where else would I learn so much about bananas? you're the best!
Imagine walking into Anne's house and seeing dozens of bananas EVERYWHERE
Read some labels, my tomato sauce has more sugar than my blackberry jam.
Yay she’s back now I can watch this instead of thinking about how bad this year is
The debunked video is a stop motion. They could have pushed and pulled the plants to look perfect
If the gene lets me eat bananas I don't care
This was the most informational video about bananas I’ve seen-
lol. 5 Minute Crafts is to bananas as Brawndo is to crops.  Also, if you bought too many bananas and won't eat them before they go black, they freeze just fine. Peel them, throw them in a freezer bag, suck as much air out as you can. They may brown a bit but will last for quite a while. Makes great smoothies!
The sunscreen was Banana Boat brand, I see what you did there...
I LOVE YOU QUEEN
I would rather eat a GMO banana than that seed filled nonsense
"Even monkeys peal that" 😂😂😂😂😂 you killed me
It's not BACKslash ... it is FORWARDslash ... look at the direction you are reading!
they spliced an actual banana gene into a banana plant... thats something that can take years of cross breeding to achive so it is just a time saver.
That timelapse was so sad 😂😔
Dave is Anne's ultimate guinea pig lmao. Everything whether good or bad goes to Dave xD
Why is the volume so auiet
What fruit do we normally eat ISN'T genetically modified? I mean aren't Navel oranges man made? They don't have seeds after all.
The Monstera leaf in a banana would never have worked because you and 5 minute crafts only used the leaf part! The plant needs a node to be able to root. I thought the banana's we eat are already GMO. Maybe I'm wrong, but I heard that they've been genetically modified to be more sweet and to have no seeds in them. That is also why all banana plants are basically clones and because they are all the same genetically very easily affected by these viruses.  How does Dave not like the hot banana! We always put a banana with some hagelslag (chocolate sprinkles) on the BBQ and I love it! Delicious dessert
i dont see any problems with gmo's its literally just people making food better, i dont really understand why its a debate
I really dont understand how 5 minute crafts (and all their sister channels) are allowed to exist.
What is sad about gmo food  is that people go over to countries that need these food and tell them “dont eat it, its poison” and they are concerned. So they sometimes choose to starve than to eat this perfectly fine food. If you are privileged enough to be able to eat whatever , please dont spread false ideas to people who really need it. Gmo is not poison and because of that statement, many people have suffered and or died when that shouldnt have been the case. With the rate the world is going, soon all the food will have to be gmo to survive, and what are people going to do then. Just another thing that has bad press do to lies and misinformation.  Weirdly, that is a lot of science from the 90’s.
e
I heard that apples help bananas and of course I had to test it few years ago. I put few apples, bananas and oranges in a big pot, put on the lid and kept it there for three days or so. All those fruits were amazing! Much tastier than others we had around the same time, so now I do this every year for christmas fruit salad.
Yeah, unfortunately, "banana flavor" is based of a now-extinct breed of bananas, so that's why artificial banana flavor doesn't taste much like bananas available. Supposedly. I know grape flavor doesn't really taste like grape juice.
Not gonna lie, the image of those wild bananas gave me chills down my spine 27:55
Dave eating the mystery food was the best.
Wow, can't wait to tell my Fungal biology prof that Fusarium Wilt was on your channel!!!!!
Her hubby: do we trust her ?  Me: I don’t know
Congratulations on trending 🤗😙
I feel SO silly, I totally fell for the banana hairdryer trick! I was prepared for you to dive into some chemistry or something 🤦
personally i don't think there's any problem putting a gene from one banana into another banana. All domestic crops have been genetically modified though selective breeding anyway, is there any difference between inserting a gene from a closely related species and cross breeding the two species? I don't think so. What i would like to see is a greater variety of banana types in grocery stores. The average grocery store in the US has five or six different types of apples, but maybe one or two (counting plantains) types of bananas. Where is the banana version of the Honeycrisp? or the Gala? or Fiji? I know that there are many other commercial varieties out there but we never see them in regular stores. If you want a Java banana or any of the others you have to special order them for a lot of money. I think there should be more varieties of bananas in stores. Not only would that be more interesting and yummy, it would be good for the industry as well. Right now it's a monoculture, which is vulnerable to disease. if we broke that up and had many banana varieties available the banana industry would be more robust and could more easily switch to more hardy varieties if something came through
oh god the GMO thing brought me back to 7th grade. my english teacher was incredibly anti gmo and didnt let us write an essay thats positive-gmo even tho its not a huge deal by the looks of it.
All good but I disagree at the end. All seedless bananas are not genetically modified. Even natural bananas (so called as "wild" by you), most of them are seedless. We don't say "wild", because it's natural and many many varieties around us, where I am living. And the tastes are different from each other. So people here in Bangladesh, buy different kinds of bananas for different tastes. Also don't say good or bad, say it's different. Even many of them tastes very good. I personally don't miss any of your debunking videos. I like the science behind those. Thanks for the Information, but the last one, you say "...that one's not edible. ..." . !?
I love your debunking videos.
Do people actually believe that DNA, from some plant that is, could survive stomach acid and then fight with gut bacterias just to break into a. human. body???
Do people really not know what a banana boat is? It's a camping favorite here. You scoop out part of the banana and then put chocolate and marshmallows in it then wrap it in foil and throw it in the coals. They skipped the fire part but that is freaking delicious!!
Honestly, many of the food we eat is genetically "optimized" through breed, e.g. wheat or other grain to have a bigger harvest. The only difference is, that these banana can literally save lives for the people dealing with it else than multiplying the win of some.
if you’re eating bananas from the market, you’re already eating a GMO.
With mutation of illness is animals and people I feel like plant illness can mutate too, what if this fungus mutates and since the bananas we eat are immune it could potentially save us from a mutated fungus. It could be healthier and easier to grow, they may actually last longer too 😂 so maybe benefits we could have.
I think it's okay if the wild banana has little flesh. Apparently we can cook and eat the peels, and probably the seeds, too.
The bananas we eat and get from the market much like corn are nothing but genetically modified if you don't want genetically modified food don't eat bananas or corn the ones we eat are the 2 most genetically modified plants currently consumed  By masses. This is why the binien is we eat have no Seeds. They have a bientot grown and modified at to no longer have those seeds to there is plenty of flesh to eat. Think of our banana is as seedless watermelons grown and Genetically modified to no longer grow their seeds So we don't have to pick them out and have more flesh to eat.
My pop always said putting under ripe bananas into a paperbag and folding over the top speeds up ripening. I've never really compared it to just leaving them out, but maybe there's something to it?  Love your videos, Happy New Year!
I find the GMO argument for bananas hilarious because the one being mass sold currently was technically genetically modified
# 39 on trending
#SaveDave2020
Please make the banana cold! Apparently it returns the inj
Well, about GMO, I don't think it'll be harmful for our health if it's done by inserting a gene of interest (in this situation, TR4 resistant gene) into another organism's genome (Cavendish banana). It only involves using a vector or a "gene courier" (usually for plants, Bacillus thuringiensis is used), where it carries the gene and inserts it into Cavendish banana's cell. Most GMOs in the market usually use this method. It's like your traditional selective breeding except that we use recombinant DNA technology.
What's wrong with your audio? Yipes!
Thank you so much for this video, so many TRUTH in it! Way to go Ann 💕💕 I wish you would do a video about GMO too, is it actually dangerous, how dangerous it is, or why do people have divided opinions? I'm curious to see your thoughts on that. Stay safe Ann 💕
My old assistant manager ate the banana whole. Peel and all he would just grab the banana and bite into it
Why would anyone dislike this video?
4:45  *Me When i was 7 and 8 Going to boracay and Getting sunburns on my legs And nose everytime*
CONGRATS ON TRENDING!
He genetically modified it with a gene from the same species... that's a fairly minimal change. Plus, a quick look at the Nature paper says the introduced gene is 98.6% homologous with an already present gene in the Cavendish varietal - the Cavendish just doesn't express this gene at a high enough level to naturally confer resistance. This is a great example of effectively implementing biotechnology for plant conservation.
I was taught to cover the tops of the banana [where it is cut from the bunch] b/c it's "open" to the air - and the air getting into the banana makes it age faster. ...But I also learned that it's the same for avocados...that the tiny stem being "open" lets air get inside so it goes bad faster.
Is there a new kitten/puppy/bird? The whole second half of the video I was hearing little squeaks.
4.5 million subscribers and you still won't hire a make up artist
Miss come to my channel plz  My top video is on pancakes-- (Probably the size of a cut banana)
*deadly or disgusting* “Alright let’s give it to Dave to try!”
I’ve never understood the hatred against GMOs. Especially, in fruits and vegetables gmos are often added to make them more nutritious or more abundant in supply. I think people are just afraid of things they don’t understand :/
i could not of hear anything  only a little and when i put on another of your videos the volume loud so can you fix it next video
Why does she call it banana..r ?  Not judging just curious
How many bananas did you have to buy for this video?
Love all your stuff
lololololol "even monkeys peel the banana" XD
We can see Dave is a team player well done guys very well done I love all your videos
take a shot everytime Ann says bananas
Finally, a use for my 13-15 degree fridge!
I truly didn't know that there's different type of bananas that aren't edible. This was reallty interesting! And about the gmo fruit: literally, a lot of fruits that we normally eat are gmo! And that's not that bad.   My grandma told me that she once ate a gmo orange, took the seeds, planted them and then they grew out in a beautiful lemon tree... Weird and fascinating to know that. Anyways... I love bananas.
Dang, I didn’t know that Dave was blonde-
actual spoiler alert: the 'normal' banana we eat, the Cavendish banana, is ALREADY highly genetically modified, that is why it does not have seeds inside. Without seeds the plant can't reproduce so all bananas that we eat are 'clones', and this breed of bananas will quickly die out if humans stop cultivating and planting it artificially
GMO is probably the only way we as a species would be able to survive and feed ourselves + the potential of GM technology in medicine is incredible. imagine people could be immune to diseases without having to take medicines or vaccinations, imagine you  could treat people with currently untreatable disabilities. there will always be people who are afraid of science and progress and just new things in general, but genetic modification is not even a new thing. selective breeding of agricultural plants and domesticated animals is the same thing: goal is the same and result is the same, just a different method, we have been doing that for centuries. If you are against GMO please read more studies about it and reconsider. "all natural" is no more than a marketing trick, we would all starve if not for GMO produce
If you talk  to someone who remembers bananas pre WW1, They will tell you that they were much tastier than the Cavendish bananas that we eat today. If they can graft the gene to make them immune to fungus, why do they not bring back the banana from pre-World War I? It was apparently sweeter and tastier.
Ann, I love your videos. You put so much time and effort into creating incredibly fascinating content. 👏🏻  Also, I've got a weird craving for bananas now. Gtg.
Petition for Dave to have his own YT channel of just eating things
If I remember correctly, Ann has an allergy to sunlight, so I can see how irritating it must be to see fake UV protection hacks
Now i just want banana pie
Cristine has entered the chat...
People just don't know what GMOs are, which is so sad. Cabbage, brussel sprouts, broccoli, and cauliflower were all bred from a species of wild mustard plant, so you could totally consider them GMOs, but I never see anyone railing against that. I wish we had a better science education, it would really help when this kind of thing comes up in the news
ANN IS A QUEEN
27:56 Ok but I still want to eat it. I’m going to eat it. Maybe on my death bed on morphine
98% of all white rice is genetically modified and largely consumed everyday. I don’t mind eating genetically modified foods. They taste like any other foods. Rice and bananas are both very important exports to their countries of origin. As always, we do what we can to survive.
20:25 I had to pause the video for a few minutes because I was laughing too hard.  Edit about GMOs: Personally I'm fine with them as food (so long as the modification has a valid reason i.e. disease resistance) because I see it as essentially the same thing that plant/animal breeders have been doing for millenia, but with faster results. Most of what is accomplished using modern genetic modification techniques could be achieved using traditional breeding methods, but it could take hundreds of generations to achieve the same results. However, I do believe that there need to be limits on it (or rather the results of it) due to lawsuits bankrupting small (and some not so small) farmers due to inadvertent pollination of crops by a certain strain created by a truly terrible American based company that has been recently acquired by Bayer.
You know what banana you can eat mine he he he
I genuinely believe they make those fake tips just based on visuals, they just don't put any thought or research in anything
Congratulations on trending youtube 👏👏👏
Wow i never knew about UV beads.
PFFFF OMG 0:55 that's photoshopped
Ok, you are trending! I'm so excited for you....its almost like people are crossing over to the side where we know that 5 minute crafts etc and viral content farms are liars. Come to this side, Ann makes _real_ cakes, not weird fail hacks.
If you had kept on reading the sentence at 16:54 you would have noticed that it says, that the papers on the topic are linked below in the article named 'Keep bananas fresh longer. Obviously I haven't actually checked that it's not just going to be another dead link.
This is a great video, the multiple experiments, the research, and the educational information? *Chef's kiss*
Never mind banana skins, cook up your banana seeds! No? More for me then! ;) Just eat your flippin' bananas, guys. While you still can I guess... :/ Great video, as always. I actually learned a thing or two. :) Mostly that we REALLY should have banned all life hacks by now. But then of course this series would be no more...! :(
GMOs are the way to feed the world. Just because we don’t roll the dice on selecting cultivars and are capable of just putting the traits we want doesn’t mean the food we eat isn’t modified in some way or form. I really hate the GMO hate, it’s right up there with the organic cultists who spend extra money for more pesticides and less sustainable farming practices.
When people being afraid of genetically modified banana learn that tomatoes are genetically modified with fish gene to keep them fresh longer...
When our bananas go brown we put it in the the freezer for banana bread 😊
I didn't know how *cursed* bananas with seeds looked.
Fun fact: the "fake banana flavour" is based off of the gros Michel banana which was sadly wiped out, I would love to try one apparently they were larger than the Cavendish banana
13:58 this was desert my scout group did when we went camping.  Get a banana, shove a kitkat inside i, wrap in foil and bake on the campfire.  you have a chocolate banana.  basic but tasty XD
GMOS are VITAL to humans. its how Rice is not drowned out, its how we have bananas. they help foods withstand harsher climates and climate change and when people shit on GMOs but eat rice and bananas... its funny to see.
As far as GMO's go, that's how we got the banana, watermelon, corn, and any number of fruits and veggies we have today! Wild bananas were mostly large seeds with very little fruit. There are paintings of watermelon from hundreds of years ago where the red flesh was just these little pockets in mostly white flesh that we think of as part of the rind! Hybrid plants can also be considered GMO because breeding plants alters their DNA.  I would love to see a video 'debunking' GMO myths!
Learned a lot, thank you for this!
Anti-gmo is bs designed to sell expensive "Organic" food that's actually often worse for the environment. Nothing genetically added to a GMO is harmful. They actually do more experiments to make sure that GMOs won't hurt you than the pesticides organics need.
Youtube should ban those misleading channels, especially those 5 min crafts
Are bananas still safe to eat, or will I get a disease?
14:00 My FAVOURITE childhood dessert is getting a banana, cutting it in half, putting a slice of mars bar in it, wrapping it in tinfoil and putting it on a cooling bbq in the summer for like 30 mins. It is pure perfection, so I am gonna have to disagree with you Dave.
Lately I've been getting recipe suggestions from "Cookist Wow"  on Facebook. They LOOK reasonable, have you debunked or reviewed their techniques? Are they any good?
As for GMO food, there's no difference between that and cross pollination. I don't know why people think it's scary. It can't hurt you.
all food you eat is genetically modified  humans have been selectively breeding food since the invention of farming
I tried wrapping banana top. It didnt work, in fact, the top rotted
I have zero issue with GMO. Papayas went through a similar issue with a disease that was almost wiping them out, so most papayas are now GMO, having been bred to fight the disease.
To be fair I've heard that banana tops being wrapped years ago. I used to be a fruit and veg saleman back in the late 1980s in the UK. I live across the road from what used to be one of the biggest banana importers too - Geest. And they had tested these things YEARS ago and found them to be crap. What does help though, is that they gas them in large ovens.  But from your own point of view the easiest way to keep bananas (and to buy them) make sure they never get below 53 degrees. So if you are shopping in a supermarket especially at this time of year, if they have boxes laying around, stick your hand in. If they're warm, they'll be fine, but if they're cold, avoid them. If you buy them and keep them warm at home, they'll still turn horribly grey and grainy.  Of course, as Anne points out, this is mostly for aesthetics.
Unfortunantly the locations that grow bananas are owned by the government or other counties. The indigenous population is actually used as slave labor.
I will happily eat the GMO banana
CAUTION: TRYPOPHOBIA WARNING @ 27:53 - 28:00!!!  Ann shows us a picture of a wild banana with a crazy amount of giant black irregularly shaped seeds popping up through the fruit 🤢 I don't even have the phobia and it grossed me out (Please like this comment so Ann can see it and pin it/ add a warning)
The biggest question about the channel she debunked in this matter is: why on earth would they waste perfectly edible bananas for absolute bananas of planting method?? Seriously.
What bugs me about GMOs is the ones that are purposely made sterile or when they try to control who can grow a plant to keep people dependent on external sources for food. You replace a plant with a sterile GMO version and if you let the wild variant go extinct due to lack of market value, then if anything wipes out the GMO the plant is just gone. GMOs aren't inherently bad and have greatly broadened the variety of foods available to us, but capitalism causes them to be used and made in ways that prioritize selling a product even if that comes to the detriment of consumers or the plants themselves. It reminds me of how the wild counterparts of many domestic animals have gone extinct from over hunting or habitat loss. What would happen to domesticated species should we cease to raise them? GMOs aren't just the things we modify in a lab but what we modify through breeding too. How many of them both plant and animal could cause harm if they found their way into the wild?  Farming in general warrants a lot of responsibility in ways that companies don't want to bother with unless legally obligated to, in addition to stuff like the ethics of allowing the trademarking of living organisms due to a particular genetic sequence and subsequent suing or farmers whose crops were unwillingly contaminated with a trademarked GMO crop.
Here are my thoughts on "genetically modified": We are modifying the genes of our crops since the beginning of the agricultural revolution. Neither grafting (which is the genetic equivalent of "hey, let's find out what happens when we combine A and B -- we can not predict the results, but it sure is fun!") not any other method caused humanity to be eradicated by Killer Tomatoes or Kamikaze Bananas. While one could argue that there is compelling evidence of a cross between Homo sapiens and various vegetables. And if we'd absorb genetic material of our food, as some people seem to believe, there'd be a lot more talking potatoes around.
Not many people realize that everything we eat is genetically modified. The only difference between GMO and Domestication is the speed in which it happens. Through Domestication we made strawberries that are more resilient to pests like insects then their wild versions. GMO is just the insertion of the gene that makes it resilient without the hundreds or thousands of years in-between the start and end points.
At camp we would do the microwaved banana thing (sort of) all the time. It was a favorite of our "outdoor cooking" activity. We would shove chocolate and marshmallows and things like that in a banana, wrap it in tinfoil, and then stick it in  campfire. I remember really loving it, so it is a thing!
This is how many times she said ‘Banana’ 👇
I tlooks like they stuck the roots of a spring onion on the plant.
Related fact, when you talk about how the banana groves were killed off in the 50s this is related to why banana flavored candies don't taste at all like the bananas we're used to. That artificial flavoring was designed to taste more like the past banana species as opposed to the one we eat today.  So assuming we do get a different breed of banana because of this fungus, there's a good chance that it will not taste the same as we're used to now.
My only issue with GMOs is when huge corporations patent seeds and then sue small farms and plantations for using second gen seeds that naturally develop instead of buying new ones from the corporation every year. If we're going to rely more heavily on GMOs, we need to figure out an ethical way of handling seed patents.
I understand the fear of GMO's, but I can't say that I get it. Genetic modification has been occuring since human's first developed farming and agriculture, with selective breeding of crops and animals. And the 'frakenstein' argument is thinner than rice paper as the practice of grafting plants to each other is more akin to Mary Shelly's depictions than anything produced in a lab. The amount of research and testing that goes into genetically modifying a plant is astronomical, and I'm sure more things remain within them then we will ever see come to market. The fact of the matter is that our current farming practices are not sustainable, we are killing the plannet. And anti-gmo people are only contributing to its expediation. Unless people are willing to change their diets and adapt to changes -like gmo's- there won't be a planet to argue over these things about on anymore.   Sorry if I got a bit intense there, I watched David Attenborough's netflix special the other day and I am still wired from it. The biggest issue that I have seen with GMO's is corporate greed, some companies have been producing hardier, higher yeilding crops but making them unfurtile, or less effective with subsequent generations to force farmers into continually buying new seeds from them, rather than becoming self sufficient. Similarly, they have been sueing neighbouring farms for encroaching on 'patents' when natural cross polonation occurs. It's disgusting, and as with any emerging market, is in dire need of regualation from people who understand the science and scope of the issue. That person is certainly not me, and I definately don't think it should be someone with an unhelathy fear of new technology.   Thank you for your hard work in this video Ann, I adore the way you do reasearch and present it in a way that most people can understand. You are certainly doing the internet a great service with your debunking videos.
I really appreciate your bringing up these topics with commonsense and non-sensational explanations. I have always felt a bit iffy about gmo's but in this case - since the gene that is being modified is from another banana plant and not something totally weird - it seems like a good solution. Sometimes I think if scientists were to explain their goals and methods in plain language, they would encounter less pushback. It's when people think information is being hidden from them that they start to become suspicious and look into conspiracy theories. So, thank you.
This is a whole university level lab million hour investment right OMG thank you Ann! We appreciate it, learned so much !!! ❤️
I hate bananas but i love you Anne!!!!!❤❤❤
“Saucy Baby” is what made me click the like button
The rumor on the banana stems has become so viral that even stores like Sobeys have begun wrapping their banana by the stem.
So glad there are people far smarter then I working on these issues
Well, how many people know that EVERY bit of cheese made with rennet is a gmo food? We use a genetically modified replacement for the calf stomach lining that was originally used. Because we don’t want to kill calves, do we? Or because there isn’t enough real rennet. So, no, I don’t object at all. Also, golden rice... saves eyesight in tens of thousands of children, but oh, no, farmers are being told it is a horribly evil thing.
I'd love to know what you have on your nails.  They are beautiful
Ann, you really take more than one for the team -- that plant time-lapse was simply gross. Good to know I can basically forget it instantly, thanks to your heroic act.
Hi everyone! I hope y'all are having a blessed day! 😁 If you are reading this, it's not by accident! God wants you to see this! ^^ Hosanna to the Lord! He is SO AMAZING!!!! ❤️😄❤️ There is only ONE God, the TRUE God, he is the maker of heaven and earth. And he made us in his image and likeness, male and female, with dignity, value, worth, and purpose! ❤️ He made us to worship him. But we chose to sin against him, to rebel against him, and to disobey him. So, as a result, we are separated from God and live under the foolish myth that to some degree, we are each our own God, declaring right and wrong, living our own life, by our own rules, and standards. And guess what! That God ♥️LOVINGLY♥️ came into human history as the man ♥️Jesus Christ fully God and fully man!♥️ He was born of a virgin and he lived a life without sin, though he was tempted in every way as we are. And he WENT to the CROSS and there he SUBSTITUTED HIMSELF for sinners. When Jesus went to the cross, he took WILLINGLY upon him the SIN of those who would come to trust him! ♥️ That means me, as a sinner, Jesus WENT to the cross and took upon himself ALL my sin, past, present, and future! 😭❤️ And Jesus Christ God who was a man, DIED IN MY PLACE, FOR MY SINS, PAYING MY DEBT TO GOD, AND PURCHASING MY SALVATION!!!♥️♥️♥️ Jesus' dead body was then laid in the tomb, and for 3 days, he was buried. On the third day, a Sunday, (which is why we worship on that day) Jesus ROSE in VICTORY over satan, sin, death, demons, and hell. And he COMMISSIONED us with the HOLY SPIRIT, to be MISSIONARIES telling this ♥️AMAZINGLY GOOD NEWS♥️ that there's a ♥️God♥️ and PASSIONATELY, LOVINGLY, CONTINUALLY, RELENTLESSLY pursues us and he ASCENDED into heaven. And today, Jesus is ALIVE and WELL and he's seated on a throne, and he is ruling and reigning over ALL nations, ALL cultures, ALL philosophies, ALL races, ALL periods of time. And he is KING OF KINGS and he is LORD OF LORDS and he is RULING and REIGNING over ALL people, commanding EVERYONE EVERYWHERE to REPENT of EVERYTHING and he is COMING AGAIN to JUDGE THE LIVING AND THE DEAD, and those who trust in him, will enjoy ETERNITY and his KINGDOM of heaven FOREVER, and those who do not will SUFFER APART from him in the CONSCIOUS ENTERAL TORMENTS of HELL. That is what we believe, we believe is JESUS!!!♥️♥️♥️♥️🙌♥️♥️♥️♥️ God bless you!
Banana flavoring is based on the Gros Michel (which was a better heartier banana). That's why it doesn't taste like the Cavendish. Bananas are clone of one plant that's why they have no disease resistance against the fungus. Didn't learn when the Gros Michel was wiped out just hoped to wouldn't happen again.
Done
GMO's aren't bad. The way big companies like Monsanto abuse GMO's are bad.
I actually prefer the softer, riper bananas. 😂
Honestly a lot of our foods tend to be GMOs. So I basically have given up on avoiding it, simply because it tends to be impossible without spending 2-3 times the amount of money on my grocery bills
Did you know that you are flat out lying about the statistics on sunburn? A sunburn as a toddler increases your chances by 2-3%. You are absolutely wrong in your claim.  You are promoting disinformation. Also the color of fabric has nothing to do with protection. That is again disinformation. You are as bad as the channel you are attacking.
Last week she a-peeled to Cristine, this week she a-peels to Ben.
You claim to dislike 5 minute crafts but you promote them so much. You literally wouldn't have a channel if it weren't for them.
The most clueless argument I've ever heard against GMO was that "if there is a genetically modified corn plant which was given pig genes, and I ate that corn - then I would get pig genes in me and could absorb them and have my DNA altered". This was not the case of a dedicated vegan not wanting to risk eating something that could even remotely be classified as an animal product - this person would happily eat pork chops and bacon - it was a fear that eating "pig genes" would cause them to sprout a snout and curly tail. 😂   Personally, I'm doing my master's degree in molecular biology, and would not hesitate for a SECOND to eat GMO. The only concern I have about them is their potential of disrupting the balance of an existing ecosystem if they were to get outside our control - basically a man-made invasive species.
Im down for gmo bananas 😂
I clone banana plants for a living
i don't get people who are so anti-GMO like....the most drastic thing the modification does most of the time is make the food grow bigger or faster etc. which yeah, it's obviously corporate motivated which could be a good or a bad thing depending on your stance, but thats just the reality of a market which is so dependent on the natural agriculture process.   Even with just a quick google search, half the produce we think of as "natural" has some form of genetic modification. its not this big evil thing like some claim it to be.  i mean, how is a genetically modified banana somehow worse for you than the overly processed sugar candy and syrup they make for kids?
Around 24:20, is that a kitten meowing?
Lemme just reverse hours of chemicals...
I think GMOs are fine.. and once people are educated they'll stop making such a big deal out of it. GMOs mean less pesticides bc plants are less receptive and can "battle" pests on their own. GMOs are also used to make insulin for diabetics, like me ❤️
Genetic modification of food crops is a brilliant idea that offers the potential to improve our lives in all sorts of ways.  It is great for the environment, because it allows more crops to be grown on less land with less use of pesticides, herbicides, fungicides, and fertilizers.  It also prevents food wastage by delaying spoilage.  It improves nutrition by allowing vitamins to be added to foods.  It has the potential to improve flavor and texture as well.  Genetically modified crops are furthermore subjected to extremely rigorous testing for health and safety before being allowed onto the market.  They are not at all dangerous.
Is it just me or did the beads covered in bannana colour quicker and were a more vivid colour!?
Thank goodness for Ann and following scientific method while debunking fake hacks! (I started typing this as you made the comment about people typing in the comments lol!)
Really enjoyed this,  I learnt a lot about bananas and production. Absolutely no problem with these modified bananas, I think people worry too much.
This was a really  good one! I like all of your videos but I shared this with my kids and grandkids to help them see how the internet  is NOT always true! As for GMO that's so silly. Just about every thing we eat has been genetically modified in some way...
Nothing wrong with GMO in general. Obviously anything can be used in a negative way, but GMO is generally well regulated. It basically does what humans have been doing with plants/animals for thousands of years, just faster. Cavendish bananas are the result of hundreds of years of genetic modification by humans using selective breeding. This gene swap is just one more change humans have made to it. And it won't just be blindly released to the market, it will be properly tested for safety.
Aren’t all bananas we eat modified to begin with? Something tells me it’s so... but I’m not sure. I love bananas and your channel! 🤩
Yass, Ann, get that sponsorship!!
I love that your videos always have some kind of bigger picture talking point at the end!
About the GMOs : I'm not a big fan of them purely because of playing with genetics and stuff with our food  makes me go a bit eeeh. However I didn't react like this here I think because it was simply from banana to banana, but also because it wasn't just making them more resistant to parasites but actually saving them from a horrible, unstopable disease. Like, when you were explaining how the Panama disease operates I was horrified for those poor trees!  In any case keep up the awesome content, you're doing a lot of good for the internet and the world
If I remember correctly the gros michel banana is what candy flavor banana is based off of?
When you realize the current 'artificial banana flavouring' is based on a banana variant that went extinct previously
Ughhh, soooo disappointed. You didn't do the banana in the paper bag. Now I can't tell my Mum that it is also bunk, lol.
Nothing wrong with GMOs.  It's basically doing what we've already been doing for millennia but more quickly and more precisely.  Seriously, just about everything we eat has been genetically modified, we've just done it through selective cultivation or selective breeding rather than direct modification of DNA through, for example, CRISPR.  And we've gotten hood enough at gene editing to change things like crop yield, environmental sensitivity, and vitamin content (such as golden rice having beta-carotene, a precursor to Vitamin A absent from white rice while being as viable and as high-yield as white rice in the same environments, potentially mitigating the malnutrition that plagues those regions.  Or, it would, if groups like Greenpeace didn't push this narrative that GMOs are the devil and that using genetically modified staple crops to reduce famine and malnutrition is somehow racist and imperialist because we need to make the regions richer before we reduce starvation and vitamin deficiencies - putting the cart before horse, there - but I digress).  The people tinkering with genetics aren't idiots, they're not risking turning wheat fields into entire hectares of Audrey 2s from Little Shop of Horrors.  The GMO phobia is in the exact same camp as anti-vax, it's just straight up technophobia is most cases.  Tgere are genuine reasons to be cautious with the technology, but that goes for _every_ technology, from the first time we banged rocks together right up until now, and right up until sapient life dies off in the cold, distant emptiness of the universe's last hours.  Also, fun fact: most bana flavoring is based on the Gros Michel, not the Cavendish.  If you've ever wondered why banana flavor doesn't taste like banana, that's why.
I feel like literally every type of produce we currently have is 'genetically modified' no? Just because now it's being done in a lab rather than a farmer splicing 2 plants together to get the strongest traits of both it's bad or scary or poisonous or whatever? That makes no sense. People have since they figured out how to do so been selecting and combining strains of different plants for their hardiness, or flavor, or size, or any number of other characteristics. Or, put simply, modifying their genes. Am I wrong??
So the cavendish banana is modified either way.....  Is what I’m thinking
Greek here, thank you for choosing Greece event though please- just don't, we are struggling with YouTube HAHAHAH
I'm allergic to bannanas so these hacks were never useful for me
And I think Australian is now my very favourite pronouncitation of 'banana'. Gene-modified probably sounds scary, but if you think about it, isn't it more or less a micro-managing way of breeding plants for traits we want? Same principle, even less left to chance?
The Cavendish banana originally had large seeds and we're modified to the way it is now so these things are nothing new.
oohh sassy baby
IIRC, banana peels do have UV-resistant properties... but as part of the overall peel, you know, the comparatively thick rind of the fruit. You can't just dry the peel and rub the oils on your skin, you'd have to craft a suit made entirely of woven banana peels.  So if you're out and you forgot your sunscreen, take the two hundred banans you brought with you and create a peel-suit to protect yourself!  *Five minute crafts.*
I think the thing about GMOs is that people don't understand what it means so they think of the scariest thing possible. Or they think that because it's done in a lab it's not Natural™ and therefore BAD. I'm all for crossing plants if they can be for the benefit of both the plant and the people like finding a strand of DNA that's more resistant to disease. What I don't like is corporations doing stuff like patenting DNA strands so that only THEY can grow and sell a plant.
Iirc, artificial banana flavoring is actually based on the gros michel banana and not on the cavendish, which is why banana flavored candy for instance "doesn't really taste like banana".
The banana sunscreen thing was horrible. If anything, the banana made the beads an even stronger color! Jesus almighty.
Can panama disease effect us
I really don't care about bananas but i watched the whole thing out of respect for all the research you did. Thanks
Dave is the best.
Shes back at it again. Love your channel Ann. So amazing. ❤
Dave is probably going to end up with food PTSD. Poor Dave.
Thanks for making this. Checkout my channel. Thank you!
Very informational video, thank you for taking the time to make it. Your hair looks superb in this video as well!
Yeah! It is 28 minutes long!!
I actually learned in science class that apples still release ethylene. So if you don't want your bananas to ripen as fast/go bad you should keep them in separate bowls :) but idk where they got the plastic bag thing from. We usually put avocados with our apples to make them ripen faster
Cooked banana with chocolate is a classic desert, or at least here in Iceland it is.
HOPE ❤️ , Salvation is found in no one else, no other name under heaven given among men where by we must be saved. Saved from the punishment of sin. I’m trying to offer people Hope in absolute perfection !!! No more pain, dying, lies, decay, depression, anxiety, crying, sickness, rotten food, broken things , etc... offering the Hope of Eternity in heaven with Jesus Christ. We must be willing to turn from sin to receive Jesus forgiveness. And to know and live out his teachings. He who does the will of God abides for eternity 1 John 2:17 📖nkjv  ❤️🤍💙🇺🇸❤️🤍💙 Visual Bible movies on YouTube 🍿🙂
5 minute crafts is very misleading.
Hey, I just watched a few videos and realized, that your videos are a bit too low in volume and with too much room reverb. I think it would be very nice if you tried a small clip-on microphone for this kind of videos. This is not supposed to be critical, I really enjoy watching your videos, it is just something I noticed and wanted to suggest a possible solution. :)
I still cant believe 5-Minute Cancer is near 70 million subs
GMO is cool. Did you know that some cabbages are genetically modified with scorpion venom that paralyses caterpillars? This is harmful to caterpillars but completely safe for humans. It's pretty interesting! And then there were those goats that had a spider gene put into them so that they produced spider silk in their milk. This could be useful because we are unable to farm silk from spiders because the spiders will fight or eat each other. also...a farm for spiders...no thanks...
Why am I having deja vu....
But I hate bananas...
They took a leap of faith and assumed Banana Boat is made from bananas.
I love bananas. And all the fruit we eat is most likely already genetically modified. So I think if we can save the bananas and the people who live off of growing Bananas, then I don't see why not to do this. As long as it doesn't have any horrible side effects,like making the bananas grow gigantic seeds or making them poisonous, Then I say "let's do it."
Honestly I fully support the science of GMOs! It's usually the ethics of the company producing them that I have the problem with. But if we can modify food to be more nutritious, grow in climates where it wouldn't normally grow, and be resistant to disease I think it's fantastic
call simplynailogcal
Since when is cooked banana not good?!
I think that being concerned about genetically modified food is something that only privileged people think about. Those of us living in developed countries with money to consistently buy fresh produce are not the people effected by mass food shortages, and thus I don't thing we should be attempting to impact the food supply in any way, regardless of beliefs about GMOs.
Is it just me, or did the banana beads get darker than the control?
Thank you for such an interesting video! In my General Biology class in undergrad, we had this discussion about GMO foods, and your video and discussion highlighted a lot of interesting points that we also talked about. I really appreciate you doing your own research about all of this, from the life hack sources to the production and ripening process of bananas. Your videos are great about providing informed, scientifically-based research in a format that is so entertaining! Thank you!!!
Welp I'm a 400% risk for melanoma. I am 75% irish and I used to stay super red and burnt as a child 🤭
In brazil we eat a kind of banana that has large seeds (not too large though). It's called Pacovan and usually we have to boil or fry it to be able to eat (you can eat raw but it's now advised to do so)
If its a banna gene being put in a banana i don't mind
I actually do eat organic banana peels, just not as a meat substitute- they taste very much like oniony bell peppers & thats what I use them for, to a depth of flavor to my fried peppers and onions, I only add salt & black pepper though.
FYI, your Aussie aloe is very different-looking than our North American ones!
I still think Dave would be brilliant as a host on Play School! :)
Let the people who are against GMO starve and let the rest of us survive on GMOs. This improves the human gene pool as well.
I love your nail polish!!!
The little glint in your eye as you said,  "let's cook that up and give it to Dave to try" - you wicked, wicked woman!
wow very intresting debunking video! <3!
About microwaving banana with chocolate. You can also bake it, and it's quite tasty, I do it some times.
"cooked bananas isn't really that good" *points at banana fritters*
I dont see an issue with genetically modifying the bananas as long as they're still safe to eat
Bananas with seeds ? ew
The biggest problem with GMOs in my opinion are with owning the genome of a plant (especially of integral foods like bananas). This creates a lot of opportunities for abuse in the long run, like making a lot of regions in the world dependent on a single corporation that can easily extort the people who depend on their crops to make a living and survive. I have also heard that some GMOs are very harsh on the soils and exhaust them quickly, but I don’t know how big of an issue that is in practice compared to non-GMOs, since non-GMO crops are also cultivated, watered, sprayed and fertilised as much as possible.
This is bananas!
4:19 that banana was left on where everyone sat their butts on for a whole 5 mins and then putting it on your face...
Banna pork seems gross
i feel bad for those who have to worry about sun
JUST STOP MAKING DAVE EAT STRANGE THINGS
WTH, WHO DESTROYING MY BEAUTIFUL BANANAS🍌 GOD NO! IT AN ABOMINATION TO BANANA! WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO THAT BEAUTY OF A BANANA?!
At girl guides we used to wrap bananas in tin foil with chocolate and marshmallows and cook it on the campfire. It was soooo good
Its amazing how interesting you can make bananas
well the bananas we eat are so imbred that they are sterile and are just clones which is why they can't be bred to resist them
I am a sunburn
You know you live in Australia when you wear full black sleeve for a quick outdoor experiment.
Hey Ann, I would've appreciated a trypophobia warning before showing the wild banana. It caught me really off guard.
Hmmm the banana experiment is still flawed. The purpose of doing the experiment was to test to see if ethylene leaked more from the stem, but that was disregarded as false even though that was what was being tested. All experimental groups should’ve been put in different locations so they wouldn’t have the possibility to affect each other so I didn’t really see the experiment as very helpful to actually finding the conclusion.
Oh dear... I had so many terrible burns when I was a child.
Haven’t we been genetically modifying food for thousands of years? Isn’t that what cross breeding, splicing etc is basically doing? I mean we breed out the “undesirable” traits in foods....
Wow, I never knew about that disease! It's so sad, and I'm not even a huge banana lover. Shout out, please?
All foods are genetically modified at this point.
Also, the reason it didn’t get brown in the bag could have been the lack of oxygen, so the skin couldn’t oxidise.
I’m sorry Ann, but two weeks is way to long between videos!😁
I buy organic bananas and the ends are wrapped in tape, regardless of brand.
we have a solution to the panama disease and yet we choose not to use it. there isn't a good reason to not use the solution, just fear and moral grandstanding
If I am wrong, please someone send me a link to the contrary, but as far as I am aware, aren't the bananas we eat technically already a GMO?Humans have been crossbreeding bananas to alter the shape, amount of flesh, and taste over the last couple centuries. The only difference I see with the new resistant bananas would be that it is the result of scientific intervention at the molecular level rather than crossbreeding.
basically all citrus fruit, most corn as well as many other fruits are genetically modified, GMOs can literally save lives being against them is just idiotic.
people just fear genetic modification becuase it sounds scary
I love genetically modified food.  If we did not have it, we would have watermelons looking like this https://cdn.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/rJcLGdQ8YYkPrt6F-3g1Xap1c_M=/1877x1510:3754x2918/1400x1400/filters:focal(1877x1510:3754x2918):format(jpeg)/cdn.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/46841772/41144824rs.0.jpg, and to me, that does not look very appetizing to me.
Ann please invest in some sound kit!! Your audio is really quiet in this video
Dave: even monkeys peel the banana 🍌  😂😂😂
It's honestly sort of sad how many people are afraid of foods that "contain GMOs" when so many of the foods people eat are "genetically modified" and they just don't understand it. Vegetables like cauliflower, lettuce, cabbage, broccoli, kale, are all derived from the same plant that has just been bred or "genetically modified" to better produce some specific part.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brassica_oleracea
10:02 hahahahaha
GMO opponents confuse me in their rabid-like opposition to all GMO products. Most roses are GMO, hell, a good chunk of all plants, ornamental, flowering, etc, are GMO. Whether it is done in a lab or not, breeding and cross-breeding to get specific gene traits from specific breeds is basic GMO. It's been happening for hundreds of years... Even insects are in on it. OMG, those naughty bees.
I’m allergic to bananas
GMOs are a good thing and they will one day be directly responsible for ending world hunger
So, a person forgets sunscreen but just happens to have a banana? LOL Love your videos. So smart with an edge of dry humor.
A horror film for bananas.
I think GMO is the future for all of us, considering that we're all advancing the the world is crumbling around us with global warming, floods and other natural disasters - all we can do is only modify nature to adapt better to it's environment. I think that maybe more things need to get modified like corals or strains of fish we commonly eat to increase their survivability or fattiness, maybe even modify them to clean up the ocean itself, either that or say byebye to food and nature itself as everyone starves to death before we even know it.
I think most people that have a problem with genetically modiefied food don't know much about it and think it's contagious, so by eating stuff like this they'll mutate into zombies or something xD. But of course there is the problem that by interventiing the eco system could cause unforseen damage to it. I mean: Yeah! Great! No more bugs on my fruit. The bugs go extinct and the food chain is disturbed. But I think as long as you don't overdue it, it's okay to genetically alter food. I mean...  you could produce milk from yeast by altering yeast! That might be useful xD
When our bananas turn brown my family makes banana bread
With the blow dryed banana, couldn't they have just been playing the footage in reverse? I feel like actively heating a banana would cause it to turn brown.
GMO foods get a bad rep because the are horrifically represented and miss understood. The truth is that gmo foods can be as simple as getting 2 different plants to produce together through natural means or selective planting of seeds from plants with favorable traits. Gmo is not some mad scientist in a lab injecting your food with stiff thats going to make you sprout a second head.
I actually don't like bananas - poor Dave!
I see some holo nail polish... Cristine would approve.
Those poor plants. Aloe hates having soggy roots
I am from Greece. From an island named Corfu.
Easy. Just don't buy too many bananas if you can't eat them in time. Or when they go a little brown make sponge cake or pancake out of it.
Well prepared banana peel tastes very good
Poor Dave reminds me of my husband - eats everything I cook! Brave soul, that lil guinea pig! 😄
Not related, but can you try to make a titanic cake?
I just love those videos!
But... but... brown-skinned bananas are still tasty! Why on earth do people throw them in the trash? Are you afraid of soft foods? Don't you know soft foods are your future?
I must say all recipes are disgusting
13:44 we call these banana boats though she is missing some steps. First off yes do everything she did at the start, but also add marshmallows. Then you wrap it in tin foil and DO NOT USE A MICROWAVE! Either bake it in a coals from a firepit (most authentic way), or in an oven  (if you have no fire). It becomes this amazing mess of sweet googye goodness. It is waaaay better baked, the marshmallows add that sweetness the dark chocolate takes away and the banana is nice and baked. Plus it smells better.
Why hasn't Youtube just started using her to advertise against disinformation?? Literally, Ann would be a bomb researcher for them
You from different country n all still u look so familiar..
Have you heard that so yummy has a tv show? There was an ad at a gas pump. They are spreading...😳
that’s great news about the gmo banana!
hope nothing bad happens to dave
That banana + chocolate trick is much better when  cooked/melted conventionally, ideally when wrapped in tinfoil and placed in the coals of a cooling grill or beside a campfire.
I mean if it saves people from going hungry and having money for stuff I'm all for GMOing bananas
Sorry gas emition is is based on parts per million, the gas would have to be substantial in open space. That would effect us.
"separate banana fridge" made me LOL This was super eye opening!
GMOs themselves are not harmful. A lot of produce we consume have been steadily modified over decades to be edible and look good to eat. The actual problem with GMOs is the fact that big name companies will try to use GMOs against pesticides that will harm animal life around it or harmful to the planet itself. GMO is simply as Ann said - using a DNA structure from one plant to help promote a quality of life on another. People do something similar all the time - when a person gets an antibiotic or is resistant to something, the chance that it'll be passed on to their baby will be significantly increased via either DNA recombinance or via breast milk.   I believe a lot of the GMO fear is from misunderstandings and actual promotions of false information. It's an anti-science propaganda tool which should actually be used against corporations and money mongering machines instead. Pesticides and mass production and waste as well as refusing to give away food to the hungry is the problem. Not GMOs.
I think she switched bananas on us!
Wow this is such an amazing informative  video . Thankyou be so much . And how do u do all this.
I am in love with this woman's intelligence and brain. Thank you for giving us such a nice conversation!
YESSSSSS SHE GOT ON TRENDING!!!
Peel the banana first, then we use marshmallows and chocolate to put in the slit of the banana and wrap it in tinfoil. Then place it on hot coals in the camp fire.
Here in Brazil we have a wiiiiiiiide variety of bananas, it's so weird to see all this debacle about Cavendish bananas. I live in the southernmost state of Brazil, where we have fewer varieties, and I've seen at least 4 varieties here (we call them "silver banana", "apple banana", "earth banana" (the plantains) and "Caturra Banana").
The banana with chocolate is so good. Done it my whole childhood. You wrap the banana in aluminum foil and put it on the grill.
— What is it? — Banana peel — Banana peel?... Like... THE PACKAGING outside? 😂🖤🖤🖤
I hate bananas
GMOs are not dangerous and aren’t any more unhealthy than organic alternatives. If anything, they actually might be better that selective breeding, etc. A scientist who studies GMOs said this analogy: If the navigation in a car is broken, wouldn’t it be easier to replace the navigation if you’re familiar with everything else in the car and everything works well rather than buying another used car that has a working navigation and you know nothing else about it. Having something with GMOs means it’s controlled what you change. If something is organic and selectively bread for that specific trait, you don’t always know what else is affected. But again, both GMOs and organic foods are perfectly healthy but GMOs have been used to help populations that have minimal access to certain vitamins and nutrients by increasing the amount of those vitamins in the food they eat. Also GMO goods are usually bigger and sometimes cheaper.
2:45 is the saddest still life composition on the planet😐
GMO's are FINE. Now there's, a question of some of the companies that are the biggest at producing and distrubuting them, like Monsanto, being a bit evil, but that's not the plants'/science's fault! GMO's have the ability to be really helpful to people, tbh. Like this with the bananas, or some rice strains that were developed to help end world malnutrition and hunger...
My rommate at uni once tried to grow something from the banana in the glass and the first thing I thought when I noticed this plant sticking out of the banana at the table was “omg is she drinking AGAIN?”
I'm pretty sure that the zombie banana hack was reversed because when you apply heat to bananas it turns black
I think GMOs are fine. I trust science, and I trust them to make the best of every situation. I would eat genetically modified bananas no problem.
I was waiting to the end for a really good banana bread recipe
Okay but can we talk about her holo nails for a sec??
GMO bananas? They're all clones of the same plant, so that's already pretty far from 'natural.'
That is so interesting with the banana wrapping having no effect, because I have actually seen them wrapped in some grocery stores here in Denmark 😂
The problem with GMO is, some plants are modified to survive pesticides. This is a problem as  there probably will be resedue on/in the plants, and if we consume this we dont really know the effects on humans. But some say the coctail effect should be avoided.
Yesssssss go GMO bananas for the win!!!!!
I mean that's the risk when growing a crop like they do. Without diversity, it opens the door wide open for a single blight. To infect and kill entire crops like it has in the past and is happening today. GMO's also have existed since the beginning of time, a lot of plants that are in similar families and produce similar fruits. Are technically natural GMO's of the original plant, to where some random genetic scramble resulted in the plant differing. Which allowed it to prosper and diversify even more. All we're doing is speeding up the natural process that already is occuring in plants that exists today.
Here's a video you should review. I am in no way associated with them. Just found it interesting... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JJsLaRgIyL4
I cant believe Ive been wrapping my Bananas for years now and its not right, i was always iffy about putting them in the fridge, My Favorite way to eay a banana is to put it on buttered toast.  thanks for the helpful info Ann. Minions everywhere are pleased :P
Gotta be real, when she mentioned she was going to test sunburning I thought she was just going to have Dave stand out there with some banana peels on him. What a champ
Making a cut in a banana and then putting chunks of chocolate into it is something we do here in Sweden! Usually over an open fire if we're out camping or over the grill, it's super good!
Can't hear you. The audio in this video is horrible.
I love your videos, Ann! You're so informative and fact based and it's so refreshing. GMOs are the bomb! I love the science behind food GMOs and the fact that many help the hungry.
Using a disease-resistant gene from one cultivar to save another is the kind of GMO we need to embrace.
The chocolate microwave banana was based off of a dessert called banana boats. The main difference is that banana boats are wrapped in tinfoil put into a campfire (it's basically a banana s'more). It is absolutely delicious, and you can put in any toppings. The most popular are chocolate, marshmellows, pretzels, caramel, nuts, and butterscotch chips. I can imagine how gross doing it in a microwave would be - try it in a campfire!
I thought the blow drying banana one was just in reverse
Other people seeing brown bananas: "Ew."  Me seeing brown bananas: "Oh, YEAH, baby! It's MUFFIN time!"
Wait, you mean that the one time I went fishing in 80° weather with no sunscreen on a local lake may be detrimental? I couldn't walk for a week
好极了，订阅了，有喜欢心理学的朋友可以来看看我的“澳洲翠花姐心理直播”频道，如果能订阅的话就太感谢了
Wow you are so intelligent. I absolutely love that you call out these fake videos, and educate us. ❤️
I think people usually are overexaduratig concerns with GMO. Especially when we are talking about people losing one of the main sources of food for them. Being angry about this imo just makes you look entitled...if you don't wanna eat this banana then don't. But people living there need it
What an interesting video. I love these debunking ones. I did know about Panama disease, but the information on the wild banana/resistant gene is exciting news! (Also, the wild banana reminds me a lot of a yellow guava, and having to work around all those seeds.)   I like to think that with any kind of technology or advancement, there is a good way to use it and a bad way to use it. This seems like a good way. GMO, in essence, similar to grafting. We take one characteristic from one plant, and put it into another. Why should that be a bad thing if there are no adverse effects? Another interesting factoid: according to Jewish law, jewish people are prohibitied from performing grafts but there is no restriction on enjoying the results if the process was performed by someone else. So Jewish people can still enjoy nectarines and pomelo!  Did anyone ever figure out the point of stuffing a chili pepper into a banana?
We do the chocolate in the banana as an easy desert going camping, in aluminum foil on the campfire, quite nice.  About the GMOs, In my opinion, not all GMOs are created equal. When a crop is modified to withstand great amounts of herbicides or insecticides etc, which leads to excessive spraying, hurting ecosystems, native species and humans it is obviously a problem. When a thorough risk assessment and prior research is done regarding the consequences of the specific modification, I think it can be a very good thing. I was considering studying plant genetics, but because of the stigma of GMOs I have the impression that there are not many jobs in Europe to be found. I think this stigma is so unfortunate because GMOs could contribute in solving the climate crisis.
Dave is the real OG.. He goes hard in the paint for us 🤣🤣💕
wait just one bad sunburn doubles the chance?? I have burnt myself so many times as a kid ._.
Love you Ann, thanks for the great video
I almost thought she'd say 100 billion bananas each day ._.
6:33 it's just dangerous and *DUMB*
1 day ago completely! Please support my channel by checking it out and subscribe. Thank you! Will subscribe back.You can find videos about hikes I've done in the United Kingdom along with details about the train stations, routes, altitude changes, duration. Additionally, there are recorded walks of central and east London aiming to showcase the beautity of the UK capital.
the beads that were covered with Banana seem to be a LOT more vibrant than the Control group was!
Wait, you thought the banana and choclate was weird? I've had that in restaurants and it is a basic camping snack.
WOW. Amazing. Keep up to good work.
Truly appreciate the effort you put into these videos Ann :)
Ann, going lengths to get her sources and find the real studies. Wish that were me for my thesis ;-;
“Let’s give it to Dave” my favorite sentence!
Anne: “Bananas are the world’s favourite fruit!” Me, someone who hates bananas: O:
Hiiiiii!!!!! Mrs. Reardon!!! I'm pat!!! And I have subscribed and all that fun stuff! How are you?
would not eat the banana peel, is it not full of pestizid  ?
Ben on Sorted Foods talked about sticking chocolate in a banana. He said his family would put it on a grill, it would probably be better that way than in the microwave.
Y’know I’m starting to think you married Dave just to use him as a test subject
Here's a banana hack that actually works. Slow-fry banana slices in salted (aka table) butter over a low flame. The sugars form a caramel skin on the outside, encasing a lovely, cloud-like interior. While handling these delicate morsels can be tricky (I use a silicon spatula), once you get the hang of it, they make the perfect garnish for hot or cold cereals, waffles, pancakes, or the core of a bananas Foster.
I’m really glad you talked about Panama rot! I didn’t learn about it until last year when I took a micro class. We isolated bacteria from a soil sample and coincubated them with the fusarium fungus to see if any would prevent its growth. It was a really cool experiment
Who else is hooked on these debunking videos?
I've always thought the hatred of GMO foods was silly, especially since so many of the things we're used to are already genetically modified via crossbreeding and selective breeding; this is just that but faster. IMO, pesticides and such are much worse than genetically modified foods, since they're actually designed to kill things, just hopefully not us.
Do you have a pet bird? I kept hearing whistling in the background toward the end of the video.
I am definitely not against GMOs.  We've been genetically modifying food for thousands of years.  Sure it wasn't in a lab, but breeding plants to produce the biggest or sweetest fruit they can is still modifying the plant through genetics.
You were using the wrong veriety of aloe vera. The roots are actually like that. I dont think the bannana would help grow the roots that much though. Mind you the potassium may help them grow, when they are in soil!
"One bad sunburn as a child doubles your risk of melanoma as an adult"... Me as a native Floridian: 🤣😅😁😬🙄🙆‍♀️
The microwaved banana seems to be a simple "banana boat". We used to make them in girl scouts wrapped in tin foil and set on coals. All sorts of topping choices like an ice cream bar, chocolate,  peanut butter, and marshmallow were my favorite.
it's forward slash, not backslash. i can't eat bananas anymore due to developing an allergy to them sometime in my 20's. but even if i could, the thought of eating the peel makes me gag! ugh! poor dave!  ;)
@5-Minute Crafts or 5 minute fake?
Honestly, I'm from Greece and when Ann decided to choose Greece on the VPN I almost felt like she chose me personally. Hello from Greece, Ann! YouTube is crawling with clickbait stuff here, too!
On the subject of GMOs I think if this is the only way to save the bananas then I’m all for it. To be fair though, I don’t have a problem with GMOs, in my mind it’s improving food with science? But if I’m missing something there I’d be happy to know.
Actually, chocolate inside a banana, covered in aluminum and heated on the bbq or oven is a DELICIOUS dessert. Perhaps not in the microwave though...
Poor Dave 😂
Wow!!! This video was so interesting! Thank you for doing all the research to explain this to us. I was always wondering where that idea of covering banana stems came from because it always seemed like it *just came out of nowhere*
Did you try web.archive.org for dead links? It’s very useful for seeing older information
Has anyone else noticed grocery stores wrapping their banana stems now as well? 😂
GMO is the only way to ensure food security in the future. Thank you for spreading accurate information about it!
Even *monkeys* peel *bananas* 😂
That poor wee aloe... I was so sad for it, I'm glad that it survived!
Great vid! Very informative about the panama disease and a good discussion on gmo's.
20:12 "Control bananas" - definitely my phrase of the week 🤣
GMO itself is fine.   My issue is that when farmers purchase GMO seed, they sign contracts with seed companies with an agreement to purchase new seed each year and not save seed from their crops to plant the following year. The seeds gotten from the genetically modified plants don't all carry the gene that made them desirable, and I'm not well-read on the issue. But I feel this could definitely be abused in favor of the seed distributors. Anyone who has a better informed opinion is appreciated.
How many bananas do you keep in your night stand? 🤔
I'd love it if you did a video on how we've modified our food over the years -- especially how we so many modern plants that were selected for color and size after we irradiated seeds in the early part of the 20th century; how supercrops like golden rice have been developed; and how we've both used and squandered the potential for genetically modified foods by putting so much of the emphasis on creating crops-by-licensing.  (And maybe talk a little bit about gene guns, if you have a chance.  What a hilariously literal technology!)  Since given all of that I don't really understand the blanket anti-GMO position, maybe you could try explaining that to us folks who are baffled by it as well.
i have a favour can you please speak a little louder 😀
Just eat them before they get brown. Why are we stockpiling bananas?
13:55 Gosh I wasn't expecting to listen to my mother tongue (Greek) in any of your videos. Have to say it gave my a laugh :D
"Even monkeys peel bananas" 😆😆😆😆 oh Dave is a treasure
I learned a long time ago that a lot of fruits we eat now have been selective bred to have smaller seeds, but that picture at 27:55 made me feel really uncomfortable, haha..
Ben have entered the chat        *Might delete later*
its almost like religion some people claimed something it spread like wildfire, and now even intelligent ladies like yourself believe in fairytales
Eww I don't like "normal" bananas because they're weird but, wow, the wild ones? Ew to the power of two. Nature is beautiful. I don't get why there are some people that complain about genetically modified foods. There are so many things that aren't "genetically natural" in food and even animals and we don't really notice anymore. But whenever someone tries to solve a problem using science in this way, it's a problem. Meh.
Poor Dave. The true driving force behind how to cook that!  I love this and Jarvis Johnson "Jarvis is trying his best" so i dont get infuriated with the disinformation cause youtube dont care. At Least Ann Gets some scrilla* for condensing this b.s.
Ann, your detective skills are amazing! 😁 Thank you for all the research and of course for setting matters straight. 😊
This hurt to watch
Dave looks diffrent when he shave
M ok with gmo   *conditions applied*
What’s with the octopus 10:13
I remember back as a kid around 2000 we used to pull plastic bags tight over the stem, it had nothing to do with gas but as I understood was to keep the moisture inside slowing the ripening.  Just an old wise tale I remember growing up. Never cared to do it my self
We used to put chocolate into bananas, wrap them in aluminium foil and put them on the bonfire when I was a girl scout. Remember it as being good.
The sound is mixed really low - I have to turn the volume up so loud that it's deafening when ads come on 😖
So, a fun little fact about wrapping bananas into cellophane/tape.  My father was a sailor in the 50s, and he often delivered fruit from Africa to Europe. He never mentioned any specific countries, and I never asked, so sorry for the lack of info on that part. Of course, when they delivered hundreds of tons of fruit, no one would miss a few kilos, so they always took a bit for the crew. And he told me many funny stories about that, however, the one about bananas went that they actually wrapped them into cellophane *to* make them ripe faster. As, of course, they got a load of green-ish bananas, making up for the travel, so the fruit would be ripe when it gets to the destination port.  He said that at some point one of the sailors would have one of his bananas ripe and with black spots. And when that happened, that banana was confiscated, cut into small pieces, and those pieces were added to other sailors' banana packs, making them ripe perfectly overnight, ready to eat.  The story is true, but I don't know if the method actually worked, but it sounds plausible.
banana peel burger was probably the most palatable dish from life hacks videos. Or Dave lost his taste buds due to earlier garbadge recipes xD
Epic life hack! Step 1: Take the banana. Step 2: Eat the banana. Congrats! You just completed the life hack! One that's probably far more believable than even half the 5-minute ones.
What about putting the banana in a vacuumed bag? Will that slow down the rotting process?
GMO foods are fine, we have been modifying foods for millennia.  I'm Anti-GMO only in the case of businesses exploiting people. In Canada Monsanto sells seeds to farmers who farm adjacent to farmers who don't use GMO seed, then when the wind picks up and spreads the seed over to the neighbouring farm, Monsanto sues the non-GMO farm. The business of GMOs is currently not ethical. However, things like Golden Rice and this new banana breed have a place in our world, I just hope that predatory businesses don't take advantage and bleed farmers dry
I actually eat The Banana for breakfast.
You can eat banana skin, but head towards the Indian side of food.
Genetic modification to make a crop resistant to bugs and diseases? Good Genetic modification to make the plant unable to grow, and you’d have to buy the seed from the company instead of taking the plant to grow your own? Bad, greedy
"One bad sunburn wen you are a child or a teenager doubles the risk of melanoma as an adult"  I had 2 real bad sunburn as a child and another one like 2 years ago and am 16 .....I'm Scared
There is a fruit explorer guy on YouTube who goes over the history and preparation of banana peal recipes.
Most food is genetically modified, at this point. I'm not bothered.
The huge seed bananas triggered some intense trypophobia in me. And the way they just got flashed on the screen was my version of a jump scare.
they were false!? who would have thought...
https://youtu.be/fixEidnx8rA
That banana peel recipe  We have and indian recipe where we take raw banana peels and boils it and blends it along with garlic and spices and green chillies into a paste what we can chutney   Its really spicy  but oh i like it sometimes
why do i feel smarter than before after watching this video
anti-GMO is a really big disinfo sphere online. you should do a series on some of it! there's some real concerns here and there but it's mostly a bunch of fearmongering and pseudoscience.
On the rare occasion that we haul bananas they're set for 55-60F. Such finicky things. Can't be too cold or too warm or the receiver rejects them. They're actually a pain to deal with.
طد،د ذ
Love your Holo nail polish!
This is science that people can get their head around.  We appreciate you so much Ann! and Dave ;)
I LOVE THESE VIDEOS ANNE PLS MAKE MOREEE
Every home needs a control banana.
Ann, please check the audio in future videos, this video was so soft. Was watching this on my TV and when an ad come on it nearly blew my speakers. Thanks.
make one with eggs
Sweet! I dig your methodology. Very compelling.
Just freeze ur bananas if yall wanna keep em fresh longer lol
"cooked banana is just really isnt that good" meanwhile we out here eating boiled banana, fried banana, grilled banana
Gosh u are just so smart i just love ur videos like they actually make sense i try to show ur videos to my mom because she easily believes all these crafty videos 😂🤷🏻‍♀️
The hacks channels are going bananas with the banana
Not so mad at genetic engineering food cause farmers have been doing it for thousands of years. Breeding and cross breeding the best plants and meat and etc...
Ann’s nail polish in the sun was absolutely popping 😍
to people who are opposed to GMO: you are a product of GMO plus, as long as GMO improved food quality, it’ll be okay, scientists won’t kill you, trust me😂 i’m a food technology student and it aches my heart when people are opposed to GMO when several foods around us are GMO, like soybean, maize(corn), wheat. my professors always taught me, as long it’s Genetically Recognize As Safe (GRAS), it’s fine and GMO helps people solves problems. well, that’s my opinion
10:32. “Even monkeys peel bananas”. 🤣🤣🤣
I don’t believe GMOs are necessarily bad depending on the way the food is modified. If a plant has been modified in this manner to keep the plant from getting sick so we can still enjoy them then there is nothing wrong with it. Food can be genetically modified in harmful ways but the whole scare about it I think is too much. In reality I believe the fear of GMO foods is more harmful than the food itself for the misleading information that nonGMO food are healthier for you when that might not be necessarily true.
Think about how sad the monkeys will be without bananas 🍌😥🐵
I hate overripe bananas. They make me gag 🤢
I'm no cook or chef whatsoever and the only thing I know to make is cheese bread but I feel like something's suspicious about this video. Please make a reaction to it I guess?  https://youtu.be/iKlhW3Dp_Rg
Others have probably said this, but the bananas we eat are already genetically modified...
In my country, we cook unripe banana with it peels as curry, together with beef. Or we boiled it and have it with rice.
Can you do a video where you just say banana over and over again?
Hi Ann, you can actually eat banana peels, but only raw banana peels, and that too only after it has been thoroughly washed and boiled to make it soft. Though its low on protein content, it's high in fibre, and is generally mashed with other vegetables to increase the nutritional content. Try looking at Bengali cuisine in Indian food-its yummy if cooked properly!
i’m gonna puke after seeing the wild bananas EW TRYPOPHOBIA
"OOOHH, SAUCY BABY." DAVE'S ALTER EGO IS AUSTIN POWERS
5 minute crafts are wrong?  Unheard of!  This entire video is clearly sea-gee-eye!
27:58 so you saying we have been eating boneless bananas this whole time
Dave:  "Well...  Even monkey's peel bananas."   Best comment ever.  Thanks, Dave. I do like the kitty commentary.
If banana's reach the zombie stage make banana bread 👍
I tried wrapping the top of my bananas and it just caused the top to mold.
I just remembered when you talked about wether or not you can eat the banana peel, my dad would actually eat the banana peel, or at least scrape off as much as possible of the inside of the peel with his teeth to not waste food or "miss out on all the nutrients" as he says. We're not super poor and by all means don't need to do that to survive, we're not walking around hungry. He would also eat spoiled food (and would force us kids to eat spoiled food as well, did not help with my picky eating dad, not at all...)  And he'd mix leftovers together in insane combinations to eat it so he wouldn't have to throw it away. He rolled leftover fish in a leftover pancake and ate it like a fucking burito... Wtf 😂 nothing wrong with eating leftovers, you should do that.. But why did he have to do it like that, oh why..
Honestly there are so many other varieties of banana that are better than the Cavendish type in my opinion. You guys are missing out on some amazing types of bananas. And those bananas are domesticated, that is, there are no large seeds and are completely edible.
We made those stuffed bananas at camp. Marshmallows, chocolate and wrap in foil over the fire.
So a few more bits about the GMO stuff: If you're in the US, about 90% of soy crop is genetically modified. The first genetically modified food hit shelves in 1992, Flavr Savr Tomatoes, which had an added gene from fish that made them more shelf stable. Additionally, most GMO foods are just scientists speeding up the natural process of evolution. From the second humans starred farming, about 12000 years ago, we were modifying the genetics of plants, though perhaps unintentionally. If you were a farmer, you would probably want to only use seeds from your biggest, most successful plants, right? THATS genetic modification too! You are directly altering which genes get represented in future generations of the crop. Most genetic modification in crops today is focused on pest resistance or disease resistance, so we can reduce the need for external chemical spraying. And, there's been no study of GMOs which can demonstrate adverse health effects. The main issue with GMOs is that people don't understand them, and general anti-science and anti-intellectualism attitudes turn this misunderstanding into fear. (Good article to get you started: https://www.sciencealert.com/review-of-6000-studies-over-two-decades-delivers-its-verdict-on-GMO-corn-safety) ALSO with the bananas, one of the reasons they are so susceptible to disease is because they are tetraploid, which means they have 4 copies of each chromosome (humans are diploid, which means we have 2 copies). Because of this, the bananas can only reproduce with other similar species that are ALSO tetraploid, and on a plantation, there aren't any. Modern bananas are basically so inbred that they have NO genetic resistance to disease and no ability to adapt that resistance on their own, which is why the story of the scientist finding wild bananas and genetically modifying them is so cool!
I feel that GMO is not that bad unless it has any side effects. Besides, why are people against this specific genetic modification if it has no side effect and are safe for both us and the environment. Is there any harm? If yes pls reply and tell so that everybody comes to know!
can you debunk these I'm unsure if they will work >>> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GyumZoIk1rI
This video is rather quiet, I had to turn my volume up to 100% and when the ads came on they were blaring loud....
actually, i have learnt all my life that darker clothes attract heat (we had even done an experiment in school when we cooked in a black pot and a lighter colored pot, so the bit about black clothing PROTECTING your skin kinda threw me off. it's been in my textbooks for years. otherwise, the rest of the info seems pretty legit to me! great stuff as usual, Ann!
Man how I wish learning was this fun in my class, id never skip class. //dont get me wrong, i still appreciate my teachers' effort to read off some lines from ppts and bam, quiz .-.  I just really like how Ann put so much effort, quality and passion into these videos. I didn't even realize i spent almost 30mins on the video, i was fascinated till' the end. Usually, i wouldve dozed off or clicked on another video but by the end of the it, i wanted more.  One more thing, i really hated research projects. After watching a few of Ann's debunking videos, it doesn't seem to be that bad at all. It looks fun and interesting tbh. It's like a power/skill that one must have in order to repel misinformation and answer questions with actual facts based on research. I finally got some interest on it. I really appreciate all those people who put in so much effort and patience to such like that scientist in order to help and make a difference.  Thanks Ann, luv from ph
re: the wilgubeast article, web.archive.org is good for finding pages that have been taken down! it worked for all the lifehacker links when i tried it
I really and truly have ever understood not wanting to eat GMOs. I feel like the same people who believe GMOs ae harmful are the same people that won't vaccinate their kids :/
You know,when ann tests something and it went well,i have a feeling she staged it because almost any life hack that ann testsd did not work
Stuffing chocolate into bananas and cooking it over a fire in aluminium foil is one of my favourite childhood memories! It was a delicious dessert after eating a BBQ.
Did I hear kittens at 24mins? Or a birdy?
Is it me or did the beads with the banana look darker than the control...  does that mean that they absorbed more uv?
I think they should just plant the resistant banana not the gmo one and use that instead of cavendish
Am I the only one that doesn't have a problem eating GMO foods? There's so much rigorous testing and studying done before GMO crops are sold to the masses that I'm not afraid of eating them, but I AM wary of the sociomic impacts GMO crops have to the communities where they're planted such as when corporations essentially have a "patent" on necessary GMO crops that prevent them from being sold or replicated by any other farmers
On behalf of all greeks, I apologise for our horrible banana videos lol
This is a great style of video especially the focus on food waste which is a big issue that is hardly addressed in the public sphere. The focus is always on plastic waste some of which is necessary to prevent food waste. Food waste is worse for the environment than plastic waste.    Also that wild banana is the ugliest thing I've ever seen
I so appreciate her level of research on these things. She is referencing and digging up some awesome bio papers that are sometimes not the easiest to interpret, and she continually shows off her sources in the video. It makes me so happy
Anne and her family having to smell rotten fruits and plants for four days are braver than marine
2 bulk(?) of bananas can't stay longer than a week i n our household 😂 me and my siblings just love bananas that our parents calls us monkeys for sometimes
The banana with chocolate is acctually normal in Norway. But usually we wrap tthe banana with chocolate in tinfoil and put it on a fire (when camping).
I’m still baffled how people fall for these hacks.
SHE'S TRENDING!
We put chocolate in the banana and cover in foil then put on bbq. You can only eat a half but really delicious.
Thank you for the information Mrs Reardon, God knows what would've happened if people like you didn't debunk, breakdown and explain the science behind "Lifehacks".
Bananas we eat used to look closer to the wild ones - with a lot of seeds and not a lot of what we like in bananas. Similarly with a lot of grain plants - they used to look more like grass, with smaller seeds. Selective breeding got them where they are today - more suited for how we exploit them. GMO is basically selective breeding speedrun. You could try naturally crossing two bananas and then through decades of breeding achieve a plant that is edible and also resistant to fungi. Or you could do it million times faster by just handpicking the gene you need and inserting it in a plant. Food DNA has no effect on our internal DNA because of two reasons. One - we simply digest it as we have no need for external DNA. Two - our cells are extremely resistant to accepting foreign DNA and have multiple barriers preventing it from entering and cutting it if it does somehow get in. Viruses need a whole set of mechanisms to be able to merge their DNA with ours - mechanisms that plant/animal cells dont have. GMO food has no effect on our bodies. We've been eating GMO soy for years and years now - theres basically no 'natural' soy anymore, and we managed to survive. The one study I've seen cited, that 'proves' higher cancer rates in mice fed with GMO, was redacted because of biased lab practice. The test was conducted on mice who are already more prone to cancer - because they are a type of mice used in cancer research. So making any conclusions about higher rates of cancer in mice who were bred to get cancer in the first place is incredibely cherry-picky. Nothing to worry about, if we internalised food DNA, whole Italy would be half tomatoes by now ;)
I love informative you are at debunking fake information. People who make miss information should get in trouble because it misleading to whoever watches them and sometimes it not always about viewed or money. Keep up the good work. Kind of surprised Dave has agreed to eat bad hacks. Lol.
I can’t believe i watch this for free
I think people thought that banana peel would work because of that sunscreen company called "banana boat" ...
GIVE ME THOSE GMO BANANAS
Banana hack: *don’t try these banana “hacks”.*
Banana hack: *don’t try these banana “hacks”.*
Banana hack: *don’t try these banana “hacks”.*
I'm pro GMO. If it's got the GMO tag, i prefer it from natural/organic tags
I would just like to say the "banana + chocolate in the microwave" thing might look weird, but in scout camp we made the same thing but in foil then fire camp and that made quite a good dessert ^^
somehow instead of a cooking channel this became a well-researched investigative journalism channel
Out of curiosity, if I to put us sunblock on my silicone case, would that prevent it from turning yellow?
the sound is kind of quiet. Video is great though!
I'm curious what that apple left in the bag with the bananas tastes like. Because I know bananas spread their taste and it's potent stuff. Had a whole bag of potato chips bananafied before.
Super sister nizz hacks and useful too 👍👍
I am a scientist (currently doing my PhD in molecular biochemistry) and for me as I know a lot about GMOs it is totally fine and I think GMOs should not generally be seen as a threat. There has been a massive amount of studies showing that GMOs created via for example CRISPR are having the same properties as if you would have cultivated certain strains of vegetables over years trying to make them "bigger and more fleshy" so they give more to harvest and sell like they did for cucumbers etc with normal cultivation. I think the risk that GMOs might be a competitor for normal plants is way higher than health risks for humans so the question is more in that direction than into "will it be safe". Then again I have not been up to date with newest developments so maybe there is some new research I havent looked into, but as I am involved in basic research of lysosomal storage diseases it is not really my field. But in terms of the discussion I recommend to look into the "golden rice" debate, in case you have not heard of that. It is rice with high provitamin A levels that turns it yellow or "golden" which might help with the health issues in poorer countries where vitamin A deficiency is often an issue. The researchers developing it tried to keep prices low and prevent companies from redeveloping it so it would be affordable to plant and cultivate but people still scream about it being GMO and try to sabotage is massively without any proven health risks since development in the 90s.
Banana being worlds favorite fruit proves that human is still monke at core
Great video. I saw a documentary, I think on HBO a few years ago, about our bananas being wiped out. Thanks for the update on the resistant strain, I have been concerned about it since the doc. Also the doc stated the bananas we had before were bigger and better tasting than what we have now, so I hope they try to bring them back as a mass produced resistant strain.
Do you do both or as you observe thought intercedes, therefore, thought is observing. Can you observe without the interference of thought? Observation is then is pure and from that purity there is action but the moment thought comes in it begins with knowledge.
about the banana peel its actually edible  i still remember that someone on sort of food expo offered me one, iirc they put it as sort of toppings of a desert and its actually quite tasty im not sure if its because how they cook it or the desert overpowered it but its truly something else and the food stall won the creativity reward, i have to say that they deserved it
I LOVE BANANA CHOCOLATE. I live in Sweden and that is a real desert😊
I really appreciate you speaking openly about GMO products and the positive role they can play. Anti-GMO fear mongering is really frustrating because opposition to GMO crops is usually based on feelings and not facts. Every single modern crop is the product of selective breeding and human intervention- GMOs are just another path to that.
Dave is a brave man. A truly brave man.
Her: banana is the world’s favourite food  Norris Nuts: eww 😖
Hey Ann, love ypur debunking videos, they're really informative, and an eye opener for someone that has been fooled by big multimedia corps. I'm from a tropical country, with lots of avocados, I was used to eat them way before the were popular. I've seen my dad put avocados in newspaper, wraping them, to ripe them. May you can show that in one of your videos, I don't know if it actually works.
I wonder if they have tried growing hemp on these farms to alter the soils condition after fungal infestation. Could even be a cash crop to use for cloth.
https://youtu.be/Q9R-yXXXwC8 Wisdom Acts 2:38 (KJV)  Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Acts 5:32 (KJV)  And we are his witnesses of these things; and so is also the Holy Ghost, whom God hath given to them that obey him. Hebrews 5:9 (KJV)  And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him; Proverbs 28:13 (KJV)  He that covereth his sins shall not prosper: but whoso confesseth and forsaketh them shall have mercy, Hebrews 12:14 (KJV)  Follow peace with all men, and holiness, without which no man shall see the Lord'
hiii guys! Who else is trying to grow their YT channel during quarantine. Let’s help one another. Much Love
banana boats!!! banana, chocolate and marshmallows warmed by the campfire... its something we use to do in Girl Guides :)
You always explain things in such a great way. Why these hacks don't work or why the are half true.  I sometimes watch these hacks and wonder whete the logic is.
2020 is actually the UN International Year of Plant Health so thanks for highlighting how important an issue plant disease is globally.
The whole thing with Panama disease is exactly WHY I am all for genetically modified foods. Just think of how many different crops we could save in future with stuff like that? Besides, genetic modification is still nature doing it's thing. It's just had a small helping hand from people.
If it has been proven that the gene doesn’t cause any unwanted  negative effects to the plant and the fruit is still suitable for human consumption/ isn’t toxic or harmful. Then I 100% am in support.
Actual banana hack, my Mom read in some magazine that boiling banana peels in some water and then pouring that liquid on your flowers can help them grow, I guess as a compost. It actually works, at least the orchids like it a lot
As for the banana recipe that microwaved banana and chocolate. I have done something similar to this before and it is really good. We call them banana boats. Your cut open the banana mush it up a bit inside the peel. Then add marshmallow and chocolate. After that you wrap it in tinfoil and cook it over a campfire. I love it😋. You do have to let it cool though or you will have a very burnt tongue. 😬
Here's a lifehack, got over-ripe banans? Make a milkshake or banana bread. Or if you have a garden and do gardening, throw it as compost/fertilizer.
"Even monkeys peel bananas." That one got me real good.
My pops separates bananas an sets them all over the kitchen. He believes that they can't make each other ripen.
When bananas get over ripe peel and lay in a gallon ziploc bag and place in freezer. Use later to make banana bread.
If we were to report that video, would YouTube pull it?
“I don’t eat GMO food,” said no starving person ever.
"Even monkeys 🐒 peel bananas 🍌 " 🤣🤣🤣  Yeah bro. Vegans and vegetarians are always trying to make things seem like meat.
We need a round of applause for poor Dave trying all those funny foods.
As a person who lives in a country who has one of the highest banana exports, and has ate multiple different types of bananas (why do these banana "hacks" only involve the same type of banana?) GMO's are life-saving. GMO Rice and Bananas are hardier, more resistant, able to survive floods that would've wiped our entire food source. Some are even pest-repellent! Which lowers the use of pesticides!  Love the experiments btw!
Wow those bsnanas look so deeply yellow all ours here in eu are so pale compared lol
“People throw them out bananas when they reach zombie banana stage”  🤣🤣🤣 i swear im dead
"And these two bananas are the control bananas" is not a sentence I ever expected to hear.  On a more serious note, I love your every video, whether it's cake/chocolate-related or not - they are always funny, informative, and extremely well made.
I swear I could hear a cat at 24:20 onwards ?!
“For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore encourage one another with these words. Now, brothers and sisters, about times and dates we do not need to write to you, for you know very well that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. While people are saying, “Peace and safety,” destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. But you, brothers and sisters, are not in darkness so that this day should surprise you like a thief. You are all children of the light and children of the day. We do not belong to the night or to the darkness. So then, let us not be like others, who are asleep, but let us be awake and sober. For those who sleep, sleep at night, and those who get drunk, get drunk at night. But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of salvation as a helmet. For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. He died for us so that, whether we are awake or asleep, we may live together with him.” #LordJesusiscoming
More domestic abuse ("...and give it to Dave to try."). Someone call social services! 😂😂😂🇬🇧
💖💝💝💝If you are reading this comment:  BE BLESSED!!!   x1,000,000!!! 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💖💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝
Lets cook it up and give it to Dave🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Well the Cavendish banana is already a genetical modified clone, I don't really see how you could get worst XD Cavendish banana, so basically all bananas in the world, is the result of years of artificial selection, so that's genetical modification without the help of a computer, and it's been a century since they reproduce, all these crops are just clones of one plant. And that's why this mushroom is so devastating, in nature a plant have a bunch of individuals with different resistances, and a disease or a parasite can't kill them all because they can resist it. In mono-culture crops with GMO clones, like humans do, one disease, one mushroom can kill all the crop.  The problem is our method of growing bananas, if we adopt this new Cavendish, in 20 or 50 years, a new mushroom or a new disease will began to destroy it and we would need to find new genes to save the bananas ^^' And it's the same for the persons that grew bananas, before they were imposed to grew these bananas, they had normal crops, with variety, it's not normal that some persons rely so much on one plant, or that some farmers have only one plant to grew, once again the problem is our method of agriculture ^^
Ppl made about GMO in their bananas are stupid cuz the cavendish banana is a GMO crop full stop. We genetically modified it through breeding. It was bred to not have seeds and to be big. It's a clone plant, which means all the bananas we eat are cloned from a single banana back in the day that we keep cloning. This is another reason why Panama disease is so devastating because our bananas dont have much resistance BECAUSE we bred as a cloned fruit.   Corn has a similar issue happening rn because we keep basically using a "cloned" variety and that caused the normal resistances to leave the plant. Because we genetically modified it.
Supermarkets where I'm from have wrapping at the stems and it often smell like butyric acid - *yuck*
Jesus died for you was buried and rose again on the third day according to the scriptures.  If you confess with your mouth Jesus is lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead you will be saved. Please repent of your sins and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior
Cooked banana with melted chocolate is so good😍
I always find these so interesting. The level of research is fascinating! ❤️
Dave looks younger in this vid
Damn she's a real detective..😏
Have you turned into a debunking channel now lol
I'm not against GMO nor am I all for it. GMO is a technology, it's what you make of it that decides if it's good or bad.   When GMO is used to achieve the same ends as you would by normal plant breeding I am all for it. It's simply a way to shave off several years of the process to achieve the final result.  When GMO is used to introduce genes across species things can become a lot more complex ethically. But I'd say that I'm generally positive. A good example of GMOs in medicine is insulin production in bacteria. However when it comes modyfing (human) embryos to cure genetic diseases it becomes hard to make a distinction between cure and enhancement.  Another example of effective transfers of genes between species is the gene for producing BT-toxin (it only affects insects) introduced in crops from Bacillus thuringiensis. BT-toxin is because of this produced in the plants that we aim to protect. This eliminate the problem of affecting more insects than the pests themselves. However my opinion on this is that the best way to limit the risk pests on crops is to aim for less large monocultures and  higher biodiversity in the agricultural landscape.   The big problem I see with GMO in agriculture is the risk of one or a few companies gaining a monopoly because of how patents on superior strains.   In short: When GM is used to cure illness and reduce environmental impact its good but with it comes problems of patents/monopoly and drawing lines between cures/enhancement, that we have to tackle.
I love your videos ! You have inspired me to start baking and I especially like your debunking videos because they are knowledgeable and fun to watch!
I've put chocolate in a banana then on the campfire. Delicious.  Not keen on the idea of putting it in the microwave though!
I thought the blow dryer with banana was in reverse. The blow dryer was burning the banana so it looked like it was rotten, then reverse it so it looks like it’s healing the banana
A lot of edible fruits and veggies have been selectively bread and modified in one way or another
Shes a food scientist! She knows what shes talking about! Love your videos!
That reminds me. I wanted to get some green bananas, they're really tasty boiled or steamed. When you peel them the flesh is a lovely pinkish(?) colour and goes great with salt and butter :3
0ĺ
In switzerland the cooked banana with chocolate on the top is a very popular recipe. But it‘s much better when you cook the banana on a open fire or in a pan and not in a microwave.
We always make chocolate bananas on scout camps, since we don't have that s'mores culture here where I'm from! I gotta say that they're pretty good even if they're basically just warm and mushy banana with some melted chocolate on top of them.
GMO is problematic in my opinion, but not for the reason many are against it. The crops themselves are fine, heck sometimes even better with GMO! The problem though is that the people who produce the gene modified seeds are purposefully making the plants infertile and/or only harvestable for a limited time so that you gotta keep buying the seeds anew instead of having healthy plants that can be useful for many many years. Thanks capitalism.
that wild banana was scary looking
Over 9000
Dave: cooked banana isn't really that good Indonesian: hold my pisang goreng a.k.a. fried banana 🙃
I agree with @Very Lost on the GMO question. It's not the principle of GMOs in themselves that's the problem, it's the motivation for creating them. In the main, the motive is profit, and so the organisms are patented and licensed to farmers on terms which prevent them saving seeds / cuttings to plant next year (increasing their costs and so the cost of food), and the modifications are tied to the use of particular companies' pesticides ("Roundup Ready"). Alongside this, there is the history (in the pharmaceutical industry among others) of suppressing negative findings in safety testing.  Where genetic modification is aimed at the public good (e.g.  solving problems of hunger, reducing the needs for pesticides), I fully support its use, and particularly public funding of the research. It looks like the research to which you referred is supported by an Australian Research Council grant, and I hope it will be made available to the farmers who need these new cultivars, not to a corporation to licence to the farmers.
The banana and the apple is something that I learned about in Highschool in the chemistry class, our teacher showed us a video about how bananas shouldn’t be kept close to apples as they will ripe much faster due to the apple realising some gas, but I don’t remember what it was. Only if I could find that video, I will try and find it and then put the link here. Edit: it is Ethylene from both the bananas and the apples, basically the video which our teacher showed talked about how both fruits produce Ethylene and shouldn’t be kept together as the bananas will ripe faster. The video is in German, but if you still want to watch it, here it is: https://youtu.be/U1fbeyocWvU . I can help with translation, you can contact me on my Insta page @alexia_gabriela_muntean.
NEW BANANAS 😱
Generically Engineered not Genetically Modified and it's extremely safe! Well, GE is also GM but GM is not essentially GE
Actually, they aren't using the erasable pens in that video. They have put the banana in the fridge, which will make it brown (but not really in the same way an old banana is brown), then they are heating it up which reverses the process.
Maybe they meant using the actual banana peel to cover up with to block UV? I suppose /that/ would work?
Is there any food we eat now not GMO? Everything we eat today were modified by humans over the centuries, decades and some even years or within the week.  GMO is not an issue, man made chemical fungicide pesticides and herbicides are what really concerns me when it comes to food safety.
People have been doing GMOs for years, they just were doing it for years as a result of genetic lottery,  the process has been simplified now. I don't see the issue with nicer GMO products as well.
We modify things all the time through selective breeding.  It's not much different to injecting DNA into another plant to make a hybrid.  As long as genetic modification isn't being abused to make designer babies or altering the properties too much to create something that couldn't be done naturally then we should accept it as a means to save crops from dying out and to feed the billions on this tiny planet.
HI Ann I'm a huge fan and watch all your videos keep up the good work you are a fantastic YouTuber and I always learn things from your videos. Your are such a inspiration.
I never imagined Ann Reardon blow-drying a banana, but yet here we are.
Chocolate bananas are a classic camp dessert! They're supposed to be cooked in the embers though (wrapped in foil). I've never seen them done in the microwave before though.
Well in Malaysia we cook young banana with coconut milk. We call it ' masak lemak pisang muda'. It tastes delicious with rice.   Some of my banana trees are infected by Moko disease. We just need to kill and burn down the trees so that they wouldn't affect other banana trees.
I'm having major flashbacks due to Troom Troom uuuuugh. They love wasting things XD
When my bananas go "zombie" I just make a bana bread. These type of bananas works perfect for it :) Instead of throwing it away.
People who like cavendish bananas but dislike the idea of GMO bananas resistant to disease are probably not well informed. The reason why cavendish is so susceptible to disease is that they’re all genetic copies of each other because they aren’t capable of seeding. Two of the biggest legitimate complaints of GMOs is that it might lessen genetic diversity and that they might spread into the wild. Neither of those things apply in this case. Other perceived cons of GMOs are either demonstrably false (them being nutritionally worse for example) or nonsensical in nature (being less “natural” for example).
4:15 Well, banana peel is natural UV blocker, but you have to wear it and it looks just weird.
I work at the supermarket, and all the banana tips are wrapped in plastic out of the box!!! That's amazing to me
I eat unripe bananas
When Dave said it's been a long year with the banana peel burger on his hand....... I felt that
Me who hates banana 👁👄👁
Hey can you please tell which sunscream was it which you applied on uv beads?!
Actually the banana gets brown when aging/being exposed to heat, because of enzymes. The hair dryer would have done the exact opposite, because it would enhance Enzyme activity🙄😂
The Foodhack that annoys me the most, is the put a teaspoon hilt first into an open bottle of prosecco to prevent the carbonation to escape.
I love eating overripe bananas better cause it's much sweeter.
Is it just my eyes being bad, or do the beads that were rubbed with banana peel look darker in colour than the ones that were just given sunlight? did they absorb more uv?
Taking a gene from a banana species and putting it into a different banana species is almost not different to cross breeding. Durum wheat has done this many many times already. The issue I've seen as most concerning is when there is a gene from an animal, or a pesticide compound introduced.
Poor Dave🤦🤦
As you said yourself, modern bananas are already heavily genetically modified.  I don't see what the big deal is for people. My only concern is having something that so many people depend on owned by a single entity. But I guess that's already true in a lot of places. It's not like an independent grower could just start a banana plantation.
The thing is bananas has been genetically modified for centuries, if they didnt the bananas as we know now will be like the other species, where the fruit will have big seeds in them and make it basically inedible or hard to eat
Apparently, bananas contain sun protective substances: https://www.researchgate.net/publication/331209223_The_effect_of_sodium_bisulfite_immersion_to_the_potential_of_Candi_banana_peel_ethanol_extract_as_radical_scavenger_and_UV_protection  But the SPF is only 7 point something, and I wouldn't recommend it.... Just use sunscreen?
When they get zombie banana stage
GMOs are fine, monocultures, lack of genetic diversity and overuse of aggressive pesticides are problematic. The near extinction of a banana variety due to Panama disease happened before, too. Until the 1950's the most common variety was the Gros Michel banana, which tasted closer to artificial banana flavoring. The Cavendish then replaced it because it was more resistant to disease, so maybe someday in the future bananas will taste different again.
6:56 Dark colored fabric protects better than light colored? Omg my whole life is a lie. Thanks school.
I love gmos! don't be scared of them friends
Do you think maybe you could up the sound volume on your videos? I always have to keep the volume super high and when the ads come on I go deaf 😂
I think that professor who made a solution for the disease is doing fantastic work and we need more education about GMO. I feel like the whole “doesnt contain gmo” label business is only harming food industries.
Store bananas in fridge: Yummy dessert Keep them in plastic: Keeps thems being infested by fruit flies Hanging bananas : keeps them cool and make bananas ripe much sweeter green banana: Fiber source with less sugar  BANANAS SHOUDN'T BE FORCED TO RIPEN THAT'S JUST BAD Let them ripen or better yet find a culture and plant them in your backyard and you will have tons of bananas every 3-6 months based on the variety.
There is a banana that you can cook, called cardava... we usually cook it by boiling, deep fry or grilling, sometimes mix it some dish as well... it's delicious...
People who are in discriminately anti-gmo are people who don't understand science and therefore should be talking about anything
I'm all for GMO since it can help people.   I'm also still angry about what a bunch of activists did to a crop of Golden Rice here in the Philippines back in 2013 - they trampled it. Rice is rice and it's pretty important to our diet here. I've read recently that Greenpeace is blocking the sale of GMOs or something and it boils my blood. Screw them and their misinformed ideals! Ideals don't put anything on the table for the poor!
I feel like genetically modified food is fine with me I feel we would have anyways gotten different species of plants if we didn't do it at all. Because of pollinating, I don't know if it is the same with bananas. but I know that people who breed with clivias do this they take pollen from one plant and add it to another for a certain genetic. If this wasn't done a insect could also easily have done it.
The bananas don’t even survive 3 days when my dad bought them home. Me and my sis like to snacking bananas while we do something so I watch this for debunking material... anyway, love from Indonesia (and I live your contents)
I'm not a scientist but I do believe in this kind of genetic modification.  This could save so many lives and that scientist is unbelievably awesome
Thank you for revealing 5 minute crafts yet agan👍👍👍❤️❤️ we all love you ANN❤️❤️ like this if you agree 🙏🙏 👇
I will forever have nightmares about that seeded banana.
Best solution to save browned bananas - Banana bread.
When Dave said “Unless I’m eating tentacles” I got an ad about sealife😂
ANN:*tells you the room temp that's best for banana*  Indian people that moment😭😭😭😭 I don't even know how to control the temperature of my room I can't save my bananas. Adios amigos 😭😭😭😭
The UV beads covered in banana actually got darker than the control beads.
Easiest solution is to eat all the banana before its goind to be zombie tho 🗿
Hooray for the GMO banana and the scientist who created it!!!
GMOs can be amazing and the technology could be used to help so many people, the problem is not GMOs it's capitalism.  Patenting genes, focusing only on varieties that make more money rather than ones that feed those in need, increased use of pesticides and herbacides, so many awful things have happened because of the profit motive.
She looks like Drew Barrymore
I have no problesm with certain types of GMO; using the DNA of a wild plant to improve disease resistance in a cultivated strain is an excellent use of the technology - even though we cannot be certain of side effects down the track, it's less dangerous to health and the environment that other uses, like putting jellyfish DNA in fruit to make it glow in the dark.  To me, genetic modification at the DNA level is one of those 'we should stop to ask if we should' before doing it - but then again, I'm on Dr. Malcolm's side. XD
Imagine thinking you can avoid GMOs in this day and age... Can't be me
Actually Aloe Vera roots doesn't form skinny and the roots they've shown in the video is different from the alovera root system. Have anyone tasted banana chips must try thing 😍😋 it tastes delicious
Hahaha wtf, i am from Greece and while I was watching the video, the girl at 13:53 started speaking Greek and I was like 🤯 ...😂😂😂
I think gmos are fine. If it allows us to access foods that are otherwise inaccessible. Then why not!
A GMO isn’t inherently unsafe, although you could certainly create something harmful through a GMO process. Overall, foods with GMO’s have yet to show any issues. Genetically this makes sense. If we know the genetic makeup of the organism and how it was created, it should be easy to tell if there is anything harmful in it. Genetics is both much simpler than many think but of course there’s a deep level of complexity within that. Genes can be easily switched around and spliced through CASPR, but adding a 10 segment difference in a promoter region could also have severe effects. Fascinating stuff, but as I said, most scientists in the field or related to it have no issue with GMO’s, nor is there much research agains them. People don’t realize how much they’ve benefited from GMO’s that’s for sure though since so much of our modern food supply chain relies on GMO products.
Did Australia get Mr Wizard back in the 80's? This feels like an episode of Mr Wizard lol!
Genetic modification is something we have done for EONS. That's how we have crops or different apples/pears/cherries etc. It just didn't happen in a lab until recently. I am pretty indifferent to genetic modification, if it is tested properly and is for a good reason (like preventing the whiping out of an entire type of food + the jobs connected to it). I am more concerned about the banana we know being a hybrid, though that opens a whole other can of worms. As for the wild banana: There are a lot of types of bananas out there. In Brazil for example they are used like I in Germany use apples (one is better for baking, one for eating them fresh etc.) So mabe it was a wild banana that didn't taste good/sweet when you eat them raw.
You’re so good at being a detective. DEBUNK TRUMP next!! 😂 the man and his cult really won’t believe anything, but I’m sure you could convince them otherwise
I wonder if Ann has seen nigella lawsons banana skin curry recipe?!?
Banana zombie...? you mean banana muffin candidates~
I loved how you mentioned that banana peel is not a good protein substitute. Same with the jackfruit pulled "pork".
I bet your house smelt so bad
ANN! Is that Cristine's nail polish I see at 5:32? 🥰❤
Every food is genetically modified
started off with some bonkers ideas and ended up being an informative lesson about an important issue. Nice one, Ann.
Is Dave your husband or brother or any kind of relatives
So did u wash the banana peel when u we’re about to cook it
Can i just say that you are a gem, and Dave is such a great sport, thank you thank you thank you, also i dnt get what the fuss is about bananas i personally despise them
I think another reason that Banana myth has persisted so strongly is because (where I live, at least. In FL in the US) bananas very often come with taped up stems. I actually explained this to my niece the other day. They don't do that to keep them fresh, they do it to keep the hands together and discourage people separating and ripping the bananas apart. My guess is that people would pick the best bananas from each bundle and leave the bad ones, and rip off bananas tearing some of them open making them inedible.   Gullible dorks see that tape on the top and take it as evidence and confirmation bias runs rampant!
guess what? monocultures for global export ruin the environment and may cause large scale socioeconomic issues. Who could have predicted that?
maybe its  different plant try a different plant
THE REASON people dont trust GMOs is due to CORPORATE GREED and how they EXPLOIT  the GMO genes by concentrating Pesticides in the food and POISONING the ENTIRE Human Race and the Environment just to make a quick buck.   If you take genes from other bananas and put them in certain bananas I don't see a problem with most people .... the problem is the money-loving traitors to the human race and ecological disaster that they perpetrate.   Sure make GMOs but make sure that we are not causing everlasting damage and permanent destruction to this one and only planet that we have got to live on together.
VIDEO SUGGESTION: recompilation of all things we have seen Dave eating and his scores :)
if our bananas end up going brown before we eat them we use them to make delicious banana walnut bread
GMO-food is illegal here in Norway. I believe it to be a stupid law. Not all GMO is the same. Sure everything might not be safe, but that doesn't mean everything is unsafe. And if it can help us make enough food for the world, then why tf not?
"Ohhh saucy baby" 🤣🤣🤣
Good to know that wrapping the crowns in plastic was useless. The plants in banana thing though is quite funny, a rotting container for a healthy plant is automatically out (root rot)
Does black fabric protect better? I would think white would.   Doesn't black absorb light and white repels it?  Or is it because it then repels it to the unprotected bits of skin?  I would also think that since black absorbs light, it makes it hotter (ie blacktop pavement.) Which might be bad for over heating?
if you are anti GMO stop eating food
thankfully in australia we have a great banana trade here in aus. shop local. GMO exists normally in nature, its when we get into gene splicing that we can get into trouble with. all they did with panama resistent is cross polinate as they would do naturally.
In the UK Scouts a popular campfire treat is a chocolate bannana; usually we cut it, place chocolate in it and then cover it in foil to put on the fire. It works well but I have never heard of microwaving a bannana.
I used to be obsessed with those friction pens
GMOs are fine.
Will gladly eat gmo banana, to keep my banana habit fed.
FYI the first and third link from that article can be found on the Wayback Machine on Archive.org. Might be helpful for tracking down other broken links in the future!
People are anti GMO because they don't understand what it is or how it works.  The only time I oppose GMOs is when their seeds are being sold at hugely inflated rates which destroy the livelihoods of less well off farmers.   GMOs are developed to solve problems like these, it's like a better controlled, sped up version of selective breeding, it isn't attack of the killer tomatoes or whatever it is people are afraid of, "mad scientists" and "evil scientists" only exist in fiction. Scientists exist to better understand our world/universe and solve problems, they don't use science for evil just because, who would fund that for start? Where would they perform "evil GMO to harm everyone" research? Most scientists do their research at academic institutions, there's a whole process to get backing and funding that would weed it out. Not to mention the long process between discovering something and making sure it's safe for public release.  Edit: glad to see other people in the comments get it! I've been in comment sections full of very bizarre nonsense when GMOs have come up before
The picture of the seedy wild banana made me intensely uncomfortable 🤢
28:02 "There are lots of other kinds of bananas, but there's not another one like the Cavendish, there's not another one like we're used to. A lot of them have hard, large seeds in them.."  Actually, there are other species of local bananas we eat in the SEA region. In fact, we tend to just buy the local variety over the Cavendish since they're sweeter and overall  cheaper, being the local produce of the region. Can't we just do something with those species of bananas, or are they all related to the Canvendish in some way and are in the end vulnerable to the Panama disease as well?
So long as there's no negative inpact on my own genetics I'm all for genetically modified food. E.g. with animals that are pumped with growth hormones that suposedly has negative effects, but I'm not even sure if that's misinformation or not >.< either way I am a piscetarian so not sure that even applies to me, but then again it might be applied to fish too. I guess I just don't know that well what I eat, but I do eat mostly vegetables/fruit/rice, and of course cookies and bread and what else.. tea and honey. So I suppose in the big picture my food intake is pretty healthy.
banana skin as uv protection... any one else notice the beads with banana were Brighter than the regular controll
Давайте поставим лайки что бы анкличанины подумали что тут что-то умное
Look at the down votes on this video! I didn't realise 5-minute crafts would have that many employees, but there you go.
Bananas are supposed to have seeds. The seedy one is what OG bananas are like. What we have now is GMOd, just took the longer scenic route.  I'm all for fighting the food shortage.
those wild bananas are terrifying
Wow my son has a banana every day! Makes you think!
Please support me...I'm a small Youtuber  1 subscriber=1000 blessings 😊😊
Genetically modifying plants has been happening for over 5000 years. It's the only reason our species hasn't had a major food shortage and suffered mass starvation. We need it, and there is no evidence that it causes any issues. There are plenty of studies showing that GMOs have absolutely no negative effects on the body. The one single study that said GMO's were bad, was discredited by 10 other studies who actively tried to replicate the results of the initial study.  GMO's do not effect fertility, foetal health and risks of mutations, organ health, cannot modify or mutate genes, or decrease lifespan in any way.   We are all alive because of GMO's. It's that simple.  http://sitn.hms.harvard.edu/flash/2015/will-gmos-hurt-my-body/
I'd watch this if this were a Netflix or Hulu show. It's factual, funny, and shows what kind of crazy fake hacks people will come up with just for views.
14:05 "Why have you cooked the banana, because cooked banana isn't really... that good.."  *fumes in Southeast Asian*
I was 100% sure that the apple one is true, and the covering ones might be too, now i try to "debunk" TV, since i saw both in a sort of useless knowledge/information documentation with like 99% true infos and therefor rarely sources and later on good information sources in German TV, then the website at 17:05 is a german website of maybe a university with science field biology so if there was information on it, it is pretty much possible that it was taken from there and other "sources" that covered that without proof, since i found a shit ton of infos about the apple and foil things. Then knowing that other TV shows and quizzes and so on use that TV show as a source it is actually pretty obvious that those things spread like weed, but interesting to know that even they have bad and unproven sources, but thinking back to school "only informations from proven scientific websites".
where did you get your shirt? its gorgeous ❤
Just like guys have a grading system they use to categorize females. Females also have a grading system they use for guys. Their grading system though is much more complicated. It's not just look at a guy and determine how valuable he is. What the females want to know, what they need to know is how inwardly strong and confident (masculine) a man is. Once that is determined then they can place him with a value. For this to happen the female(s) (for they never work alone) will execute a placement test. At whatever point the male freaks out or loses his shit, the test is complete and the male is given a sort of grade. That gives him a placement among other males. The tests will start out easy and simple enough. Then gradually increase in intensity and difficulty. They will use the assistance of unaware males to kind of rough up the male in question. All of this for the purpose of uncovering how much inner strength and fortitude the male in question has. For most guys this placement test is completed fairly quickly. But for a small percentage of the male population, this test can become quite extreme and lengthy. It is these longer placement test that excite and stir the female collective into quite a frenzy.
they really didn't know how to grow plant. haha
I knew a kid in school who used to eat banana peal and apple cores
🙋
Bananana, dududududu, bananana, dudududu...  Kidding aside, great video as usual an big hugs for guinea pig Dave
I am all for GMOs if and only if they are developed and distributed not by for profit companies. I am aware that some GMOs cannot be bread like normal plants (sowing, growing and harvesting the seeds) so that’s OK, but the company or university or whatever mustn’t make a profit with them. The way farmers of GMOs are treated by some of those companies is despicable.
I think the bigger problem with GMOs is that companies like Monsanto make profit off already poor people. Also the only reson we really need GMOs is climate change and monocultures which make plants and soil more susceptible to fungi and illnesses but unfortunately big farms don't see any positives out of a mixed culture because profits..
I’d rather have a banana that’s resistant to a pathogen then no bananas at all
Bananas with a Cadbury fudge inside that have been heated in a barbecue is amazing.
I'd love to see you do a debunking episode on GMO.  I'm really pro GMO, but I also know I'm not an expert - I'd like to see something without bias that gives me the information in a really digestable way.
Thank you, Ann as always for your care and effort in brining us amazing, educational content!
The banana and chocolate one is actually a thing we do at scouting a lot. You can wrap it in aluminum foil and throw it into your campfire to create a warm desert with minimal dishes which is great when youre camping. Warm banana is really good when its cold outside
Well, isn’t the banana, as we understand it today, modified to not have seeds? So if one is scared of GMO, wouldn’t it basically mean that any seedless fruit like grapes and such, would be unwell to them?
Then why people just not eat bananas because us humans genetically modified them for our pleasure for food or any food like the modern day corn and the modern day watermelon
Love unripe bananas 😍 only way I'll eat them
One little correction to your video:  Bananas aren't fruits. In fact they are botanicaly classified as berrys. :) #themoreyouknow
I think ppl don't understand what GMO is so they think its bad
People, please understand that science is the only way forward! 👨‍🔬👩‍🔬
Dave has a better stomach than Bear Grylls LOL
The banana with pieces of chocolate in it and then heated up is actually a great snack. Back when I was a boyscout we used to do it in a camp-fire where we wrapped the choco-nanas in tinfoil and put them into the embers to heat them up. Its really quite tasty!
Tip: if you only eat half a banana leave the skin on on the spare half, and put it into a container in the fridge. It will go a bit brown at the end but only there and will stay fresh for several days, despite the cutting 😊
Chocolate banana is an actual thing! I have done that numerous times, but I do it on a campfire
Humans have been "genetically modifying" plants and animals for hundreds of years, through selective cross-breeding. Why should it be any different when it's done in a sterile, well-tested lab environment? As long as the food comes out healthy and safe to eat, I don't care if they make bananas that taste like Froot Loops!
I’m glad that Dave got something tasty this time. The banana information was really interesting. I have nothing against GMO’s personally. I would rather foods be modified than not have them at all.
I’m glad that Dave got something tasty this time. The banana information was really interesting.
No problem with GMOs. I do have a problem with with naturalistic fallacy.
This ain’t Ann. She fed Dave food that wasn’t cursed. She must be a cake...
I can imagine a lot of banana bread was made after this video
My way to stop the banana's from ripping... = Just eat them and if you don't feel like to then dip in chocolate sauce and then eat them- it tastes amazing   Edit 1- Thanks for 16 likes, most I have ever gotten!
Me, who doesn’t like bananas and is allergic: “interesting....”
Ann's voice sounds like  of the voice from marshmello
It appears Ann is a HoloSexual as well 🧐💿💿
The Apple trick works with avocados!
I am studying Agronomy and hearing you talk about the stuff I am learning(specially about bananas and plantain) or guineos/plátanos as we call them here or Puerto Rico; was very cool and interesting. Also a very big “disease” on this types of plants are caused by nematodes.
Wow I'd never heard of that banana infection before
How is no one talking about the random octopus 🐙 clip when Dave is trying the banana bbq sandwich lol
The meowing that goes on for like a minute drove me crazy! Thought it was my cats lol.  24:16 btw
What a waste of perfectly tasty bananas 😢 good you point out such bs
There is WAY too much potassium for aloe
chocolate banana is actually a thing in switzerland. it tastes better when you roast it in the fire tho ;).
Wow you really challenged my way of thinking at the end there. I've always believed that genetically modified plants and fruits are bad or wrong. However, now I'm curious as to why exactly certain fruits get genetically modified. Could you perhaps make a future video on the topic. I'd love to learn more.
Looks like the 200 plus staff at 5 Minute Craft down voted this video.
I sorry, why is nobody talking about the octopus at 10:15
From what my friend explained to me, banana stuff was made to taste like the "Old banana" that cannot grow anymore and that's why it doesn't taste like the banana we know today. Does anyone know if this is true?
Can't we all report 5 minute crafts and the like for misinformation?
This is bananas. Thank you
She gives the best lecture!!
The audio is absolutely poor in this video. Please review your audio balance for future videos.
gmos are totally fine, people are just paranoid of things they dont know much about
We make “chocolate bananas” when we go camping. Cut a slit in the skin, shove pieces of chocolate inside the slit (on each side of the banana), wrap the whole thing in foil, then place on the coals in the campfire (making sure the “banana boat” stays upright so the slit faces the sky, otherwise all the melted chocolate and banana juices will fall out and burn).   The chocolate melts, and the bananas cooks - changing the flavour from raw banana to something more like banana bread. It’s delicious!  It won’t be anywhere near as nice trying to do it in a microwave though 😝 Think of a microwaved potato compared to a potato cooked in foil in the coals of the campfire. Totally different flavours and textures!
SAVE THE BANANAS 🥺🍌🥺 I don’t mind if they are modified as long as it doesn’t hurt anyone
Hard to imagine why people would be opposed to GMOs when we've already been genetically modifying these plants by the process of domestication for thousands of years anyway
Pretty sure Simply and Beyynnn will be paying attention to this video
My main concern with GMOs is mostly about the economics of it - e.g., some populations around the world are reliant on companies selling them the seeds, so it creates an unhealthy and arguably unethical dependency which can entrench and reinforce aspects of poverty. It's a very complex and long conversation, but in short there can be some nasty development-related repercussions for certain countries. I don't think GMOs in of themselves are an environmental concern, it's more the pesticides that are a serious worry. I actually wonder if GMOs might be the answer to using less pesticides.
😱
nihubruberergruhbyubhyrhugyrhuytgrtrtgrthyugtr54tgtrhgtruhgtryugtrt 20:31
I'd be interested for that gene to be put in the gros michel plant too, because I'd love to try the OG banana! I heard that's where banana flavoring comes from...in which case I would hate it, but I still want to try it. lol
Finally!!! A VIDEO
This reminds me of temponaut, a YouTube channel that posts time lapses of food that rot
I was told to not keep bananas with other fruit cause the banana makes the other fruit ripen faster? Is that true?
If wrapping the top of the bananas doesn’t keep them why do they sometimes come from the grocery store with the ends wrapped? Just to keep them from coming apart?
I love GMO s and well made well researched videos. Thanks 😊
My favorite series, thanks.
I don't mean to be nitpicky, but that's a forward slash, not a backslash. Great video
There are about 29 varieties of banana here in Sri Lanka. And those don't have huge seeds. Some of the most common ones are Seeni, Ambul, Kolikuttu, Rath kehel (has a Red peel) and Anamalu.
ann coming in hot with the holo nail polish we LOVE to see it
NZ has like a GMO free zone and I get it for making money but as someone that has a good understanding of science i think its stupid. Thing like drought resistant crops and things that grow better can be made faster. It's not like we didn't already selective breeding
I truly appreciate Dave suffering on behalf of us
Minions have entered the chat
Seeing the banana harvesting and packaging process there - is anyone else thinking about Harry Belafonte?
I worked in supermarkets here in Australia for nearly ten years, largely in produce - the logistics behind fruit and veg growth, transport and preservation is fascinating. Most of our apples throughout the year come from carefully controlled storage with low oxygen and temperatures. Bananas were particularly interesting - we'd normally sell at least one full pallet a day, with overstocks needing to be re-stacked in open containers with passages between the boxes to allow airflow. When held at room temperature, they'd release gas and heat and cause the entire pallet to over ripen within a day or so.
This video is great!
13:30 Actually. The banana they used was very dark. Because they put it in the fridge. I put mine in the fridge sometimes to make them last longer and the skin turns black. I take it out and leave at room temp to eat as i dont like cold bananas and it always turns back to yellow. This is what they have done here but by using hair dryer heat to quicken the process.
I would definitely miss bananas.  :)  I am not picky about GMO when I can discern that it is safe to eat and beneficial, and this sounds like it would be.
Love how Dave always says "mmmmhhh" before he tries something.
David♥️♥️♥️ann
when life gives you overripe bananas, make banana bread
GMO. Still a go!
Love watching this.... How to not waste banana peels.. specifically plantain peels... For traditional green leafy vegetables here in Kenya, our tribe dries the peels together with some stalks and legume pods till totally crispy dry then burnt on the jiko/grill. We then soak it water for ten minutes and filter. We gut 'munyu'/ liquid salt super strong and nice for the veggies, packed with vitamins/minerals...hack that
“Only one person who likes this will one day be a billionaire” “Good Luck” 🍀
If they used regular splicing techniques, gmo food are no different than natural. If it's genetically transplanted in a lab, more research is needed to find if there's any long-term side-affects/effects of the gmo. But, I still have little gripe about it if it's safe. Very few gmo have come up with very unhealthy side-effects.
Twas my first year of gardening this year, and every tomato I grew got Fusarium Wilt (Panama Disease).  I was SO bummed, and then I googled it and found out about the banana farmers whose livelihood has been wiped out by this thing.  Soooooooo now I really can't complain.  It's scary reading some of the stories, though! Oh, P.S. I did get a couple of tomatoes from a plant that was infected late enough to develop fruit.  Apparently Fusarium Wilt is harmless to humans and we can still eat food with it.  But it was scary popping those cherry tomatoes in my mouth, knowing I was eating the fungus that I watched kill my whole garden!  AAAH!
Your rosemary is looking great. Mine is strugglin
I’ve had banana boats when camping before— open the banana lengthwise, add chocolate and marshmallows, wrap in tin foil and cook over a fire while you roast some s’mores, then open it up and eat it with a spoon. I’m not super wild about it, but it’s fine. Many of my friends insist it’s tradition, but I think it’s more of a novelty of scout camps.
For the zombie bananas I use them frozen to make quick icecream in the summer and in winter vegan banana bundt cake (I'm no vegan but it's less ingredients $ and taste the same). If anyone has a good recipe that uses ripe bananas I'm all ears!
I tried the "rapid softening butter" hack with cream cheese this week when making a cheesecake. It worked surprisingly well.  Re: GMOs, I personally don't really have any concerns regarding genetically modified foods. Like sweet corn, to my knowledge, is genetically modified, just not in the sense of being birthed in a lab. Isn't selective breeding technically genetic modification?
The Cavendish banana was originally full of seeds just like the wild one you’re talking about. It was bred over many banana generations by Mr Cavendish to be the one we know now. I know this because I live near the estate said breeding was done at, Chatsworth house. I find it very funny that people lose their minds over GMO despite the fact that we have been basically doing the same thing just much slower and less effectively with selective breeding for centuries. Everything that has been domesticated in some manner has had it’s genetics altered by people over the many, many years we’ve been farming it.
The plant stem has to be from an asexual plant.
You heard him. 2020's been hard times. Start eating them banana peels.
Bananas are already genetically modified due to human interference, so I'm like...what's the complaint?
When you done the zombie one I thought it was real I nearly got up to try it
It would be greater for your audio volume to be matched with the previous vids' too. Your new video for some reason has a questionably lower volume than before. Great content as always though 👍
my concern with GMO is more around genes getting into organisms which would get there no other way eg an animal gene into an plant.  In the case of the bananas, we are talking about a gene from one species of banana getting into another species of banana.  Its in the realm of possibility naturally.    When people ask me about GMO I say to them "When Henry Ford or Orson Wright etc invented what they did, do you think they fore saw the consequences of those inventions?" because the consequences of those inventions, while in a lot of cases are marvelous, they are also killing our world.  GMO to me makes me think of these examples because we can't put that genie back in the bottle.
I will never ever become a chef. Nor a profound cook, but your content gives me hope to be critical with content farms and their clickbaity schemes.
Poor Dave all these gross “recipes”
As a  food scientist, I can say that I know how GMOs work and I consider most of them are safe to eat and will eat them without hesitation. I say most because we scientists rearely deal with absolutes, and that's what the antiscience crowd use to make excuses and try to implant doubt on what the science says.
My father work in Greece
GMOs are great when they are used to ensure everyone has food, but they're bad when they're used to control the propagation of food (suicide seeds) or make plants resistant to herbicides or pesticides, allowing those crops to be sprayed more heavily, putting the farm workers at risk of cancer. So it's not the GMOs, it's the intentions of the people developing them: are they humanitarians, or capitalists?
i can't stand bananas yet watched almost 30 minutes of banana content... the power of ann reardon
she don't love us no more 🥺 (13:25)
) Several major media outlets in Finland gave front-page coverage on a forum discussing forced organ harvesting in China held in Helsinki on September 19, 2019. Finland’s most popular newspapers, the Helsinki Daily (Helsingin Sanomat) and HSL (the top Swedish newspaper in Finland), reported on the forum.   The reason for the rise of organ transplantation in China, the response of the international community, and people’s indignation at the Chinese Communist Party’s (CCP) state-sanctioned organ harvesting from living Falun Gong practitioners were all discussed during the forum.    Helsinki Daily's online and print reports on the forum held in Helsinki on September 19, 2019  HSL (the best-selling Swedish newspaper in Finland) reported on the forum.  The reports stated, “The CCP started the persecution of Falun Gong in 1999. Since then, the rate of organ transplantation in China has risen rapidly. The country’s voluntary organ donation system was not established until 2013.  “The CCP acknowledged the use of organs from death-row prisoners for organ transplants and stated it had stopped doing that in early 2015. However, the extent of executions has not yet reached a level that explains the high rate of organ transplantation.  “Human rights lawyers, doctors, and activists investigating live organs collected multiple pieces of evidence. According to them, China conducts 60,000 to 100,000 organ transplants every year through organs taken from prisoners of conscience. Most of the organs were taken from Falun Gong practitioners.  “In recent years, people suspected that the organs of Uighur Muslims living in Xinjiang are stolen. Uighurs are undergoing health tests and blood tests. According to [Enver Tohti, a former Uighur surgeon who witnessed the Chinese regime’s harvesting of organs from prisoners], the purpose of the test was to form a live bank of human organs along with information about Tibetan and Christians of underground churches.  “However, most of the evidence proves that the organs are from Falun Gong practitioners. There are 800,000 to 3 million people in Chinese concentration camps and prisons. The limited transparency of these camps means that there are no exact figures [about] the seriousness of the problem.”
It is easy to be anti-GMOs when you are food secure.  There are a lot of places in the world where people are starving and GMOs have allowed the creation of hardier plants or plants that produce more food for the effort that help millions of people not starve.  The fear though is that GMOs might cause disease in people... and so we should fund research into that to help balance the two problems.  The other hate of GMOs are when the companies that make them then aggressively patent and pursue litigation over their seeds where cross pollination with other heirloom seeds cause for the destruction of people's crops and I don't think that's right at all.
YOU are loved and in need of a savior , we are living in the last days . Please don’t turn away from God he is calling YOU. Deep down you know there is a higher power , a higher creator . John 3:16 , for God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten son , that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life . Repent of your sins , accept Christ as your savior . Believe with your heart and confess with your mouth that you have sinned , we have all sinned and fall short of the glory of God.  Believe that God sent his only son ( Jesus Christ ) to die on the cross for your sins, the price of our sins was paid in full  ! Accept his gift and you will have an eternity with him.
Please tell me I'm not the only one who press the like button on Anne's videos before it even starts.
I think GMO has good and bad applications. Obviously disease resistance on food sources we rely on are good. However- we've tied ourselves, economically, with things like mass exports and reliances on certain mass produced and exported foods and this has in many ways taken over local produce and production everywhere- but we can't simply stop doing it because as you say some people are entirely reliant on the mass market to feed their families.  On the other hand- GMO can and has been used to do things like reduce seeds in things like lemons and grapes, which consumers like, but means we are reliant on human intervention to continue these plants survival rather than the traditional methods of spreading seeds without human input. Also it means we can't grow our own produce from home using the produce we buy from supermarkets. I've found chilli seeds that I've planted from bought chillis do not self-pollinate!
Wow. You put a lot of effort into debunking banana hacks.
I love melting banana and chocolate in the microwave as a little snack, although I leave out the peel 😝! I don't know what Dave is talking about; warm choco-banana is delicious!
Since I'm allergic to banana, I'm shocked to hear that bananas are the world's favorite fruit
28 mins is a really long time!!!!
Letting the fruit rot like that I'd be expecting those little fruit flies
We’ve been genetically modifying plants since the dawn of humanity. We’ve only recently figured out how to speed up the process. There has never been a tiny shred of evidence that this is bad for our bodies. Someone is making money off anti-GMO fear. Who?
If we lose bananas because some people are uneducated and irrational about GMOs I'm going to be pissed 😭 The only times one should be wary of GMOs are if there's good evidence that a particular organism's altered genes may negatively impact the environment, tbh. Key word here being *evidence*. Aaand if it's being used for capitalistic purposes, like intentionally making it so a crop can't reproduce in order to force a population's farmers into buying from a crop company forever instead of being able to create their own seeds. But capitalism ruins everything so no surprises there.
Only recently discovered your channel. Love it, especially when you make Dave try stuff. He is brave.
Sounds like this genetic modification could have been achieved by cross-breeding (though it would take longer).
you should debunk all videos ever
Can I please ask for a source for that sun burn and melanoma risk fact? I work as a Radiation Therapist and that fact seemed a tad suss and the percentage factor is huge. Was this a peer reviewed scientific study or a fact garnered from a less credible source? Does the study mention actually causality or only correlation. Correlation makes sense because being less sun safe overall would increase both your chances of getting burnt and skin cancer. If so, that doesn't mean that just ONE bad sunburn DOUBLES your chances of getting melanoma, just that being less sun safe increases the odds. I'm not saying don't be sun safe, but those numbers sound fake. Edit: Also I love your channel and also your goal to help prevent the spread of misinformation, hence why I am asking this question. I would hate for it to turn out that you were unintentionally doing the same.
I wasn't really surprised by the cooked banana peel recipe. In India we actually have traditional recipes where we cook and eat the banana peel and that stuff tastes really good.
wait wait wait! can I just say that if you put chocolate in a banana and then put that in the oven it is delicious! used to eat that all the time as a kid (never tried it in a microwave though. might be different)
everything is GMO EVERYTHING lol but honestly the one person who i had a convo with a bout GMO stuff sounded screwier then a flat earthier like full on "GMO is just another thing the gov wants us to believe" lvls of screwy  honestly i don't care if its GMO or not so long as there not trying to pull Jurassic park lvls of bs
nothing gives me as much serotonin as watching her politely absolutely wreck all the fake videos and content farms ☺️
I'm not sure why people don't like Genetically modified plants, humans have been genetically altering plants and animals for tens of thousands of years via selective breeding. if you are afraid of GMOs you cant even eat lettuce, corn, watermelon, or broccoli. you should also hate dogs, chickens, and cows, as they have also been modified in the same way. there are few foods today that don't have something modified in them. We might as well keep people from starving and let the agricultural scientists prevent another banana from being lost to disease.
Me: Damn, Dave. Getting all hot and stuff. Daddy achievement acquired... Dave: oh! Saucy! Me: 😆
Dave just summing up how we all feel is very much appreciated.
are we all just gonna ignore the octopus clip?
I fully support GMOs. I think they are the future and I have faith that everyone involved has every intention to make sure they are as safe as possible. The way I see it, we’ve messed up the planet with technology so the only way to fix it is technology
Other people: 2020 has been a long year of isolations and pandemic issues Dave: 2020 has been a long year of eating garbage food hacks
I always wondered if they were high when making 5 mins crafts
if you want to try the bananas that were wiped out, just try any artificially flavored banana candy. they were originally made to taste like the ones in the 1950's and for some reason we haven't updated the flavoring.
I remember making "Banana Boats" at girls camp. Putting the chocolate inside the banana, putting it in aluminum foil, and cooking it over the fire. Bananas are not my favorite.
My favorite vegetable is watermelon.         *Yeah, I live in Oklahoma.*
We have so many varieties in our country. Almost eat Bananas daily,  Not sure whether I have ever eaten Cavendish though  😁
The uv beads are actually cool ngl, is it safe to use them to make bracelets?
YouTube Doesn't deserve you, Ann. You're the reason I see any hope for this platform. Thank you
Bible prophecies are happening like never before, we're in the end times. Are you saved by believing in the Blood Atonement of Jesus Christ? John 3:16 For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, that everyone who believes in Him shall not perish but have everlasting life. Christ said, "Come to Me as you are." It's not about not sinning (we should as we're thankful and build heavenly treasures), it's about having faith from the heart that Jesus lived the perfect life we couldn't and died for ALL our sins and raised up proving who He is and that is God in human form and you're given the free Gift of eternal life. On the cross Jesus said, "It is FINISHED!" The Blood of Christ IS enough! God wants to give you salvation from damnation, all you have to do is believe in your heart and have faith in what Christ has done for us.  Gospel of Salvation by Faith Alone https://youtu.be/H124iZiyGUs  Saved by Grace thru Faith 1 minute vid https://youtu.be/1wMldFej-nQ  End Time's Checklist https://youtu.be/A159GcAffpI  Satan's Technology (Mark of the Beast) https://youtu.be/4IyPCGKFa0k  Escape from this Evil and God's Wrath https://youtu.be/URzo9_eOa00
That natural banana looked frightening lol
Google searches about bananas just skyrocketed...
This is awesome! All the bananas I buy from stores here in the US have their heads wrapped in plastic. This misinformation has spread to big businesses too.
Apples are pure GMO
HOW BIG IS YOUR ROSEMARY BUSH?   Mmmmm i bet it smells AMAZING
Here is the thing about GMO, most people who are against it are saying they dont want the chemicals that have been 'added' to it, which is a ridiculous view to have. Everything is made up of chemicals, your entire body is chemicals, and plants have been genetically modified for years, and without it we wouldnt have the amount of crops we do now. There would also be a lot of people starving still as the biggest thing with GMO's is creating plants that can thrive in environments they cant normally. Also the Cavendish banana is not a natural banana either, it was genetically modified to have smaller seeds.
That part on the wrapping banana tops is interesting. It is SO prevalent now. I'm a chef and we get cases of bananas from the distributor with the tops wrapped to keep them fresh longer. Companies are spending (presumably) millions based on this one false belief.
Anyone else craving a banana
I have very little issue with GMOs, pretty much every single vegetable or fruit we eat today has been Genetically Modified in some way, whether that Modification be from selective breeding (which is actually what I am working on studying to potentially make a career out of) or from gene splicing. I think people are just generally hesitant because they dont know the processes behind GMOs so they automatically think it is bad.
Something i think more people need to realize is that humans have been genetically modifying plants for as long as we’ve been farmers by selectively breeding wild plants. The native tribes of north america selectively bred maze and  squash, those in the middle east bred rye, and asia domesticated soy and rice. It was only a natural progression to insert genetic material to get desired traits quicker. The only problem with GMOs in my opinion are greedy companies trying to snuff out local farmers and monopolizing on a certain gene strain.
This channel has literally  gone bananas 🍌
"...tentacles" Oooh a burger with pulled octopus sounds amazing
That banana disease is crazy! To stay alive in the soil for 40 YEARS! And wipe out entire crops! So sad! Like you said mainly for the people whose livelihood depends on that banana crop! Hope they are able to find ways to prevent or kill it.
I've been making chocolate "banana boats" for 30 years. I use an oven, never thought about a microwave.
This video was very informative. As far as GMOs go...I feel like people who are against them don't really understand what they are. Many of the modern fruits and vegetables we know are the results of genetic modifications. This banana issue is the exact sort of situation in which GMOs are so amazing and helpful to the world's food supply.
“One bad sunburn while you’re a child or a teenager doubles your risk for melanoma as an adult”  *chuckles* I’m in danger
I love the video but honestly I’m disappointed when she said that one sunburn can increase risk of melanoma by half (50%). That stat didn’t sound right  so I did some quick research and sure enough it’s not correct. 5 bad sunburns, not 1 bad sunburn, can increase melanoma risk by 80%.
"...do we trust 'er? It's been a long year."  I really adore what Dave brings to the table whenever he agrees to try these debunking viral videos concoctions.
I'm an big advocate for GM crops for reasons like the Cavendish and Golden Rice. It's a technology that can be used for for helping people.
Can you please put a trigger warning for trypophobia  for the picture of the wild banana ?!?
You should look up what Thomas Jefferson did to save French Grapes that were used for making wine! (I’m pretty sure it was French) he did something similar to save the crops from a fungus that was killing them but his grapes were resistant to it. I feel like this is very similar.   Humans have been genetically modifying crops for thousands of years. Look at corn. Yes, now there are faster ways to do it and splicing and cool science behind it, but it’s because we want to make the food better, tastier, bigger which is smart. You feed more people that way. It’s the hormones and chemicals getting pumped into things and the fake sugars etc that make me wary. I think it just comes down to being smart and trying to have a balanced diet while also holding companies accountable for what they put in our food.   Still, I know very little on the specifics so sorry for being so vague and generally just shouting my opinion to the wind while I’m sure there are people on here who know way more than me and can probably point out some flaws in my thought process 😂 lol
I don't get why people don't like the idea of genetically modified food. You're eating genetically modified stuff all the time, it's just not made in a lab, and those made in a lab are even more secure because they go through tests to see if there are any bad things about the process.
Does nobody else think that wild banana looked absolutely terrifying
Do they have to genetically modify the Cavendish?  Couldn't they selectively breed them with the resistant banana?  We have been selectively breeding and grafting plants for centuries and no one batted an eye.
I really dispise that GMO=bad to so many people!!!! I live in farm country, so its all around me and- literally every. single. thing. You eat. Is GMO. Plants are selectively bred (like the banana, and notably kale, brussle sprouts and broccoli which are- ALL FROM THE SAME PLANT each genetically modified for its own "line" kale is leaves, brussel sprouts are for large buds and broccli, many little buds.) Genetically modified organisms usually mean, this plant was bred to be resistant to *insert bug, pest, etc* and it is actually BETTER than non GMO plants (which are hard to come by) GMO plants usually don't NEED to be sprayed with insecticide which is much more dangerous!! GMO IS GOOD!!!!
Thank you for talking about the efficacy of GMOs and what unfounded consumer fears can do to people and communities who rely on agriculture to feed their families! It's so nice to see people in the comments supporting technology that can improve so many people's lives.
somone tell simply
GMO is basically splicing in evolutionary advantages to an organism that many humans now depend on to survive. Be it disease resistance or fruit development, it's beneficial to the plant, and therefore beneficial to us.
I get the brown banana struggle, bananas are awesome for two days, (when they are just turning from green to yellow) and then I don’t like them anymore, but brown bananas are great for banana bread.
What if you bought Green Banana's and bring it home?
To keep bananas as fresh as possible, I wash them in cold water and white vinegar. I believe it washes off any ripening agent and it does make them last a little longer. Mostly, it just makes them stay firmer inside and they taste better.
Don't mess with Aussies when it comes to sun protection :)
The problem with genetically modified organisms is not that they are “unnatural “or “unhealthy”. The real issue is that genetically modified crops are able to be patented by the company that is able to pay the scientist that made them. After a crop is patented the company can put laws into place that prevent small farmers from being able to save their own seeds to re-plant the crops. This means that small farmers are reliant upon buying a company’s seeds year after year after year. This puts small farmers into financial strain and places a monopoly upon a certain crop in the market. We see this with Monsanto round up ready soy beans and we are starting to see it with a variety of corn gmo producers. The reason I am non-GMO is not because I think GMO‘s are terrible and unnatural, I am non-GMO because the legal system behind the food industry is lacking in a lot of protections that we really need. The least I can do is support small farmers by buying non-GMO foods.
The non-GMO fad really seems like the "organic" fad where a bunch of privileged people get scared by a few words without actually thinking about what they mean. Heaven forbid we tell them that anything living is organic.
I always make banana bread once the bananas get brown. much less waste, and very tasty
What's funny with GMO is that every plant we use as human are GMOs.  Not knowing any science is kinda dangerous nowadays.
I love this series
Thank you for talking about and bringing attention about the Panama virus and the banana industry!! I did a project on it back when I was 12 and have become that weirdo that gets passionate about bananas!! I've been telling people for years. They just think I'm ridiculous to care so much about bananas but they don't understand how important the fruit is or how integral the industry is for some.
I love this! “Let’s cook it up and give it to Dave to try.” He’s been through so much with these.
In Nigella’s newest book (and TV series) she has a recipe for a cauliflower and banana skin curry. It looks pretty good! The way she prepares it makes the texture almost like eggplant. I guess it’s a good way to use up scraps, but it isn’t for me 😂
Anyone would know that a banana isn’t a if blocking ray... just go under a tree get some shade XD
the banana is a berry
The banana with the chocolate is a banana boat! Cut them open and put chocolate chips, marshmallows, Carmel chips, etc. and whatever. Wrap in tin foil and put them on the bon fire. Pretty tasty!
I’m gonna refer to rotting bananas as “zombie bananas” from now on.
"BUT ... lets cook it up for Dave to try" .... YES!!
Nothing wrong with GMOs. They're safely tested and almost always to the benefit of people or nature. It's why we have tastier, fuller, more vibrant, more nutritional produce.
Hi can you please do like vegetarian recipe debunking!
Me caveman : causation , correlation? What dose? Tasty? Ooh pretty video. Me like.
Your research into that banana myth is commendable
I read awhile back that every ten years or so a different type of banana is produced because every breed gets diseased and can't be grown again. They said that the bananas that you eat as a child are never the same as you get to eat as an adult. Is this true?
you have a really pretty garden
The VPN ad in the middle was a bit much.  You just lost a viewer, Ann.
What's that high-pitched whistle-like sound in the background?
Algorithm boost
When you were talking about the whole Uv & skin cancer & fabric thing it just made m chuckle because it reminded me that my dad was once commissioned by an Australian company to test socks. Socks for a “mans banana”. As in which type of sock would let in the least amount of UV. Why? In some UV treatments (phototherapy for example)for certain conditions they’re used to protect the “most delicate skin” from UV damage which as you said could cause skin cancer. I agree with your outrage on the misinformation they put out in their video.
Banana peel will block sun.  You just have to sew a mask out of the peels that covers the whole face and wear it.  :D
I feel like I have graduated from the school of bananas 💭
I think being Anti-GMO is an extremely privileged position to have - one where worrying about food sources is unthought of. GMO bananas are not the only things where a 'new' strain can provide massive food security, but there are some amazing advances in grains also.
I think most people who are non-GMO havent really thought about it and ovoid it because they dont really understand that crops have been modified for hundreds of years.
I can't understand these people, that throw away zombie bananas. Like Ann said, they a great for Milkshake. And for lots of other stuff. Like smoothies and cake and so much more! And it's so yummy sweet!
Thank you for the defense of the GMO, for real. I picked my career because a town that used to produce orange/lemons/tangerines and alike in my country ended up as a ghost town because of a virus that killed almost every fruit tree. The old ended in poverty, the young in drug dealing because of the lack of jobs. It was sad, and inspired me to try and found a way to prevent that kind of scenarios and help others. Then, I found out people are afraid of what we do, and think we just want money or mutant food, and the sadness was even worse when I found out a doctor (in biology) had designed a GMO (a bacterial vector) to "vaccinate" trees and help them overcome the disease but it was prohibited to use it because that would be against the GMO laws. I felt like i made a mistake trying to help if anything that comes from a GMO was destined to be banned. But now, hearing a person I admire showing the GMO in good faith helps me to keep going, knowing that maybe there will be a time when i wont be see as a criminal or doctor Frankenstein of sorts. Thank you <3  Also, how was the leaf supposed to form a root from zero and with no water? Those people don't even try anymore.
Lol I thought the dude reversed the video of the hair drying the banana thing.
On topic (27:45), there are actually a lot of varieties of bananas other than cavendish that are edible and don't have seeds. The problem is more of logistics one, they don't survive large scale export and shipment, in which the cavendish are genetically modified to do.
You made it to the trending page!!!
I thought the banana trick was done by freezing a banana (which IIRC turns the skin brown) then warming it back up with the blow drier.
I think the people who get upset about GMO food are under the impression that scientists are out there making it radioactive and pumping it full of growth hormones or something ridiculous like that. Most of the domesticated plants we eat are already very different from their wild counterparts because of selective breeding. That's GMO. "This plant has a feature I like, let me breed it with that one to make more." Same with domestic animal breeds. Does anyone believe a chihuahua or a dachshund would happen in the wild?
Check this out https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Oah--MkX7EQ
Everything is “genetically modified” technically, though naturally over a long time through selective breeding and cultivation of the plant, so what they put a new gene in a plant, they put a gene into a micro orgasm to produce human insulin to save lives, im literally eating a snack cake, that’s frankly kinda bomb, that has a warning of “genetically modified ingredients” it’s just rapidly adapting a food that’d we’d probably still do over 100’s of years of cultivation, so to me it’s not a big deal
GMO are good, they are a natural part of nature and humans through research can influence that, but we are not putting "chemicals" in food, we are simply breading multiple plants together. Just like it happens in nature
Good thing kids don’t go outside
So weird. Even some grocery stores are putting the plastic wrap on the top now...
Aye, what about the blue java bananas
The cat in the background at the end 😂😂😂😂 made me think my cats were meowing 😂
Banana hacks are what I call a lonely Friday night
So I did some research and most of there video ideas come from this website https://topnaturalremedies.net/
If anything, the UV Beads with the banana peel on them seemed to turn a darker shade of their color!
Many things are UV blockers but you don't see me wearing a full 1 cm of peanut butter over all my exposed skin.
*Hey, to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” *www.soul.fish*
The biggest issue with GMO foods is that there was an assumption for a long time that a safe food that's modified would also be safe. To the point where regulatory bodies didn't (and many still don't ) require testing in order to sell genetically modified foods to the public. The issue is that assumption is incorrect. There are many instances in nature where a defective protein is hazardous when ingested. One example is mad cow disease. It's not caused by a virus or bacteria or fungus. It's just a misbehaving protein. The same kind of thing could happen with any genetically modified organism. And yes there have been animal genes placed in plants already, but this could happen with just plant based modifications. Without testing we will never know. Even with testing we might not know the long term effects of any change.
I don't have a problem with GMOs, especially when it comes to something like being able to feed more people.
My only question is: who are these idiots that downvoted this video and why?
I would give up my left kidney to be as pretty and as smart as Ann 🥺💕
Ann, you showing the spread of misinformation reminded me of a video made by LEMMINO called the Eight Spiders which went into full depth with that topic.
fcking love GMO's. people who are anti GMO's don't understand science.
27:54 Now that's just nightmare fuel, right there. XD
I love your videos so much Ann. Not only are they informative and factually accurate, they are funny and interesting at the same tike without taking any particular side (except for sound science of course). A big thank you for making 2020 so much better !
“I know some of you are already angrily typing in the comments. You can keep going; don’t let me interrupt you.” As a gay man, I pronounce Ann the Queen of Shade. 👑
that wild banana triggered my fight or flight response
Where’s the line between breeding undesirable traits out or desirable ones in, and genetically doing that? In both, the result is genetically modified from the original plant. What about grafting different trees onto one stem? It wouldn’t happen in the wild, we are creating something entirely new, but it’s not modified that so much that biological rules don’t apply anymore. Sometimes we don’t know the consequences of the changes, but that applies as well in selective breeding.
Beware of 5 minutes crafts they can kill you.
One of my goals in life is to be able to research as incredibly as Ann
Thinking back to when cyclone Yasi decimated Queensland bananas and they were 11 bucks a kilo
About GMOs: I think the big problem with them is actually taking a blanket stance either for or against. GMOs themselves are not necessarily evil or harmful, and it seems a lot of people have huge misconceptions about how or why they are even developed.  I think they're a useful tool for food growers to respond to things that put their crop at risk. People talk about them like they are actually bad for you or not healthy I  some way (naturalistic fallacy), but I think the biggest concern is actually if the GMO becomes an out of control invasive species. I keep reading what I can about them, continuing to develop the best informed opinion I can.
Been a follower for years! It’s wonderful to see how much your channel has grown! Congrats on trending!!!
Honestly, I have no opinion of GMO’s we learned a bit about them in human geography, but idk they don’t really seem to do that much harm, in a way that is absolutely devastating. Idk either way, I will still eat it cause I don’t have a green thumb, and I like tomatoes
I think there is a difference between GMO and a better species. I support the scientific banana
I freaking adore you so much, seriously you make an absolute FOOL of these moronic channels like 5-minute crafts and the karma is fantastic to watch! thank you for what you do!
That chocolate banana thing can actually be kinda fun, my sister and I put chocolate chips, graham cracker bits and mini marshmallows in the banana and then wrap it in tip foil next to a fire, we love them.
oh my god when you went into the cavendish and panama disease, i got so excited because i’ve learned about this is a plant biotechnology class. but that class was boring and there was a ton of reading that i had a hard time following. this really explained it in a way that actually made sense to me!
10:32 😆🤣🤣
that was a haworthia, not an aloe.
The banana controlled group got darker then the normal controlled group and that's very concerning.
I did an exam once in the erasable pen and the teacher left the paper in hot car and my answers disappeared
That was very educational and enlightening! Please make more videos! On a side note: you have the most beautiful hair!!!! Can you share your haircare routine?
The GMO debate is about as stupid as it gets all vegies and fruits we eat is GMO have you seen the OG corn or many other plants with fruits, and these people might as well be anti-vaccine as well if fact they probably are a lot of cross over.
The GMO controversy is just plain stupid. The simple reason why is that its just too vague and generic.  Yes, there are some GMO plants that have since shown to be harmful, at least potentially so, such as Round Up Ready crops. Those ones are bad and should be replaced with better alternatives.  But GMO as a whole is not harmful or bad. Its good, and in a slower and less precise form, has been going on pretty well all of human history.  Potatoes being selectively grown and cross bred to get variants that don't kill us. Bananas and avocados being selectively grown and cross bred to not be mostly seed. Wheat and other grains being selectively grown to be taller and thus produce more. Natural resistances to diseases, to pests, to weather, all selectively grown or cross bred into just about every plant we eat.  And now, more modern technology is doing the same thing but by isolating genes, doing it in a lab. What's the real difference? Instead of planting a some seeds from a plant that naturally grew more with seeds from one that naturally resisted a specific disease and repeating that over and over until Mother Nature decided to finally produce a plant with both traits, then clearing out all of the others and planting clippings of the result to spread it through fields before repeating the process when a new disease appears or one ends up growing even more, we do it in a lab with less random chance, getting results faster and sometimes even letting us do mixtures that weren't possible before.  As a result, we are getting crops that yield far more per harvest, grow faster, are resistant to even more diseases, have fewer or smaller seeds than before (do you really think the current seedless bananas we eat are fully natural?), and sometimes that are even healthier than before (ruby rice, I believe its called. The yield of rice with the nutrients of tomatoes).  In the past, this Cavendish banana issue would have been resolved slowly by cross breeding them with the disease resistant wild bananas until they eventually got a disease resistant Cavendish banana or a seedless variant of the wild banana. Plantations likely would have shut down on larger scales (relatively speaking as a hundred years ago they wouldn't have had as many or as large of plantations anyway) and bananas probably would have wound up pretty scarce for quite a while before they were finally successful, assuming they were able to cross breed them in time in the first place.  So GMOs as a whole are NOT bad, and anyone that says otherwise can try finding a list of plants that we didn't modify centuries ago with cross breeding and eat those. I hope they enjoy the wild bananas that are 85% seed. As for the GMO plants that actually are harmful, yes, we should work on removing them and replacing them, but that has other issues slowing down the process, namely idiots that disagree that lives are worth more than money, especially given the current crisis going on.
Does anyone know what nail polish she's wearing?
when our bananas go bad they go into banana bread. it adds more flavor
AHHHhhhhh trypophobia warning please!
ann deadass touching the mouldy plants with bare hands a brave lass
the banana that's resistant to the fungus is actually the ancestor of the cavindish banana (idk how to spell it sorry). our edible banana is so genetically modified and inbred that it actually cant reproduce. banana farmers have to breed and genetically modify other inedible bananas in order to get the edible one. so the fact that people may not want to eat the new variation of banana that resistant to the fungas because its genetically modified is straight up ridiculous when the cavindish banana is already modified.
Love GMOs!!! Ironically, bananas are the only thing I buy organic because I often forget I bought them and they ripen the slowest. I'm going to try non-organic bananas in the fridge for my next grocery pickup!
Just don't advertise that it's a GMO, people won't think twice. Lots of of the food we eat are already GMOs and people won't complain if they aren't aware.
The image of the banana with the giant seeds was upsetting. I’m crying and getting shivers
There's nothing wrong with GMOs, and I refuse to buy products that say "No GMOs" on it because to hell with that anti-science crap.
I love that this is on trending
When my bananas go brown I just stick them in the frezer, and once I have a handful I use them to make desserts.  They go black but the banana inside is still good and super sweet and banana-ey.
You're an absolute gem doing all of these debunking videos!
Ann is so freaking smart, I love how well researched her videos are
obviously there are concerns around genetic modification in terms of how it impacts and interferes in local ecosystems, potentially changing far more species than just the intended one whether it be plant or animal, but by and large mainstream anti-GMO rhetoric is a bunch of fearmongering misinformation.  like, the bananas we eat are pretty much all genetically modified as they're sterile and are reproduced by cloning.  not to mention all the crops that humans have genetically modified over centuries through selective breeding and grafting etc - those aren't "natural"  it's frustrating because genetic modification can be so incredibly useful, whether it's extending the shelf life of produce therefore making it more accessible to poorer folks, or creating flood resistant rice that can feed millions of people, or saving the banana industry and all the people who rely on it for income and nutrition.  as long as the potential consequences of introducing the gene from the wild plant are thoroughly studied and the pros and cons are carefully weighed, as I'm sure they will be, I don't see the problem
I wonder if they can do that with the old popular breed too.
People against GMOs really don't have much in the way of food they can eat. Pretty much every type of crop plant has been modified through selective breeding. Apples today produce much more fruit than apples 200 years ago because food producers modify their genes, mostly through selective breeding. I could understand not wanting food that has been tampered with in a laboratory with added pesticides, but you can't escape GMOs.
Well, the reason why I am hesitant about GMO plants is because  1. It can pose a high risk to the naturally occurring ecosystem and biodiversity by eventually disrupting the natural process of gene flow. 2. Over time there can be an emergence of super pests which will be harder to get rid off. 3. And we don't know its long term effects on  human body.
Holy cow those pictures of the bananas with lots of huge seeds is so strange and neat to see!  I LOVE how wonderfully informative your videos are Ann, I always learn something new from you <3
Deed tha roots greau? Neau. I love you Ann, my sister moving to Australia makes me feel close to you
I hadn't heard about the Panama resistant 'Cavendish'. Thanks for the update!
Anyone else get happy when she wrote i love you in the erasable ink? instant serotonin for me
Ann Reardon raising awareness about anything is what this world needs
The original type of banana is where we get the “fake” flavoring from
My kid ended up eating 5 bananas today 😂 he keep sneeking them
In my opinion the problem with GMOs is not the technology but the way that a few mega-companies (looking at you Monsanto) are utilizing the technology to exploit farmers, especially in “developing nations” and trapping farmers into a cycle of complete reliance on very expensive seeds that come with contracts etc.  They are also shoving a large part of the world down a path toward even more lack of biodiversity - the banana is very problematic for this very reason. I can see how the banana GMO variant would be a good thing since that crop is already in existence as a monoculture and relied upon as such, but the big ag companies want the rest of the crops to follow the same path which will make our food system and our whole ecosystem more fragile.
They are at it again
im fine with GMO's
Couldn’t we look at the modification as if it were a banana vaccine?  People get vaccines to build resistance to disease so why not bananas?
4.5 million sad sacks find captain obvious entertaining...
Anti GMO is Pro ignorance.
Weird about most people only getting one type of bananas - I live in brazil and I can think of at least 5 different types of bananas off the top of my head that are commonly sold here, all different in texture and taste. And I don't even like bananas haha
I thought the sealed bananas were supposed to ripen the apple faster
I just hope after this video Ann doesn’t go bananas.  I’ll make my way to the exit now.
Do i hear a kitten around 23:00?
Banana is not an ideal media to grow a plant. How can someone think those crap (grow a tree in a banana) is possible? Banana PH is 14 while an ideal soil for a tree to grow is between 6-7
Long-suffering Dave is def the star! Haha - “Even monkeys peel the banana.” Priceless Separately, I would gladly accept a GMO banana in order to be able to keep eating bananas. .
Cooked banana is actualy good, but you need a right kind of banana. I usually use barangan or Pisang Ambon
It HAS been a long year
I love the way she says banana
“Just one bad sunburn doubles your risk of getting melanoma as an adult!”  Me remembering all the bad sunburns I got when I was little: (;´༎ຶٹ༎ຶ`)
Dave is such a good sport lol
The only video I would watch about debunking banana hacks would be by Ann❤️
These debunking videos are the only source of pure joy that I’ve left. Thank you!
Check out weird explorer, there are quite a few breeds of banana that are eaten regularly in different parts of the world that are similar to our banana (but taste a bit different).
I'm pro GMO when it's used to address food insecurity. I'm anti GMO when it's used to line Monsanto's pockets.
Yes, this is my 3rd comment on the same video. Just want to take a guess that the dislikes on this videos are from bananas.
not into GMOs but this seems to be a very worthy exception. also: love your videos!! it feels hard to find something both intellectually stimulating and also accessible/entertaining! i love your effort and the message!!
'Like the packaging on the outside of the food? 🍌 even monkeys peel bananas' 😂 😂   2020 has been hard time so, folks, don't throw away good food _ Dave 2020  Thanks Ann so much for this video I love how thorough and educative you are. You are awesome!
GMO's have been around since the beginning of time only now it has a name. When organisms grow in the wild they are changing and mixing with other organisms all the time. When agriculture became domesticated seeds were often traded and bought by man and the strongest strains went even further. Now we are able to take those strains and combine them in a lab. It's nothing artificial or science fiction. No franken-fruit or anything.
The stuff we humans have done to food plants boggles the mind.  GMOs is one of the nicer, safer things! There are lots of rules, regulations and stiff testing laws.  Back in the atomic age they would throw seeds , seedlings and tree buds on trays and expose them to large amounts of radiation to see what would happen!   Look up how we almost lost the ruby red grapefruit.
So, look at it this way; Wrapping the head of an adolescent in plastic does not stop them from ageing :)
if you've ever had the candy called Runts, there is a banana candy in there that tastes nothing like the bananas we are used to, this is because the artificial flavor is based on that older banana that they stopped growing in the 50s.
Also, I absolutely LOVE your music choice for whilst the bananas ripen. 😂😄🤣😆❤
Is there something different with the microphone?
Here in my home of Florida the citrus industry stands to be decimated by citrus greening. The same is already happening in Brazil and China. The only viable solution is a GMO which is immune to that bacteria, but the public is generally opposed to this and growers think it wont sell. Instead they use more and more chemicals. The only difference is Florida has many other industries and employers while "banana republics" may not to the same extent.
Excellent work. I so appreciate your passion for digging up the truth and EDUCATING. I'm a big fan!
why did you touch those rotten fruits with bare hands 😭
I won't buy organic food, GMO only. Why? It's less expensive and just as good. It's more resistant to disease and produces more for less. It's also better for the environment for these reasons.
Cross breeding plants for disease resistance = good GMOs (not to mention we've been doing that for centuries). Adding fish DNA or some such to plants = questionable GMOs
Seeing the thumbnail: Bruh, just make banana bread or something.
I know it's genetic modification, but honestly, we wouldn't have modern tomatoes or grains or so many other foods we eat if there wasn't experimenting and crossbreeding to get optimal crops. This is really not that much different, except it's being done at a micro level rather than the long, slow macro process. They are improving the crop, not adding cuttlefish genes to enable growers to have their brand name flash on the banana skin...
People can try to avoid genetically modified food, but good luck with that. Basically all crops we eat have been artificially selected for hundreds to thousands of years to produce more and/or better food. For example, broccoli, cabbage, kale, cauliflower, and brussel sprouts all came from the same plant that was selectively breeded for different parts
Honestly, if it’s not going to harm me I don’t care if foods are genetically modified. Especially if is saves people’s livelihoods.
Wow you’re trending!!!!
Where is bennnn
I am thinking that the theory of the banana stem as a "tailpipe" is a play on Axel Foley sticking a banana in the tailpipe of a vehicle in Beverly Hills Cop to stall a vehicle.
Every single scam channel is shaking
Banana boats were staples of Girl Scout Camp.  You'd cut a wedge out of a banana, fill it with chocolate chips and mini marshmallows, put the banana wedge and peel back on, wrap in foil and place in the coals of the campfire.  Tasty dessert.
Did no one here ever have Banana Boats during their Brownie or Boy Scout campouts? Banana with a groove cut out and bits of chocolate and mini marshmallows tucked in? Then wrapped in tinfoil and set around the outside edge of the campfire until the chocolate and marshmallows melt - ooey-gooey yumminess! Was sad Dave didn't get to try the real thing...
OMG that wild banana just triggered me and i'm shaking
I assumed the hair dryer banana was played in reverse. That applying heat to a yellow banana would darken the skin.
my daily science dose lmao!
Thanks heaps for that Ann!  It was really interesting and helpful.
The banana and chocolate one is one that we used to do at girl scout camp. We would put the banana, chocolate and marshmallows in tinfoil and then put it next to the fire and then it would be this gooey mess of sweet.
I know the banana boat sunscreen was a joke, but in all seriousness you should get some reef safe sunscreen.  Great video, thanks!
My favourite thing to do when I’m drunk and in bed is to watch these videos ☺️🥺
yeah the chocolate in the banana one is called a banana boat (usually you take it out of the skin but not always) and often add marshmallow! If you don't like cooked banana I imagine it'd be terrible, but I love it as a very occasional treat.
Hi, I have been watching your videos for so long and I love your debunking videos. They are so informative and I learn something new every time. Keep up the good work :)
The best thing you can do to avoid an overripe banana is to eat them before that happens! It baffles me how easily people will just throw away food. Food can be expensive and is really bad for the environment if you just waste it. Also loved this video!!!!
Greetings from America! I have a trick to preserving bananas that my plant bio professor taught me:   If you separate all the bananas and store them as single bananas away from each other, the amount of ethylene released is smaller since a bunch of bananas release ethylene clouds while single bananas don't. I've been doing this for nearly 2 years and it works like a charm. But you'll have to get used to seeing bananas placed all over the house.
i dont even like bananas but this was really interesting!
As soon as I saw the barbecue shredded banana peels, my first thought was "Oh no, poor Dave." :D
GMOs are not moral. Capitalism is bad tho.
What a great video! I can see all the hard work you put into your videos and it's really fantastic! Keep up the great work. :)
I can’t believe (that’s a lie, I can) that one person decided to misinterpret some fruit studies online and ruined our understanding of bananas ripening for everyone for years.
I thought the origin might have came from when they are in the grocery store they sometimes have a plastic wax covering.
Ah. These all help me a lot. I am allerigic to bananas on my skin. Perfect  Watched the video now, these dont help anyone anyways. Except the paint
modify the crap out of the plant. I WANT BANANAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GMOs, sure, cool science! Monsanto and similar shady evil enterprises--need to be destroyed and I can emotionally understand why some folk may think that it's worth it to take down all GMOs if it hurts Monsanto. And... I am very mistrustful of corporate uses of these things. But it is more of a problem with patent law than with GMOs broadly
On the banana peel "pulled pork", that reminds me of an emmymadeinjapan video about plantain peel stir fry. According to her, it's something being done in Venezuela.   I have also heard of banana peels being eaten from the first ever adult level novel I read as kid. It was a sci-fi novel titled "Dream Thief", by Stephen Lawhead. I "borrowed" my brother's copy and read it when I was around 11.  There is a scene in the latter half of the book where the lead character, while traveling through India, buys a banana from a roadside stall and tosses the peel aside, a couple of young kids pounce on it and it gets carefully dissected and all edible layers careful harvested and shared between the kids. he next time the main character buys himself a banana, he buys two and gives the kids a whole banana.   Meanwhile, on the subject of zombie bananas and wastage, my house actually has a similar problem to yours. Mum likes eating bananas slightly under-ripe, and if she doesn't eat them before they ripen out of her favoured range, my brother Noddy will often finish them off before they reach the "zombie" stage. Thing is? If bananas even reach the brown stage, they end up in pancakes, or if there is enough and I am feeling up to doing it, banana cake happens.
I'm guessing there will be A LOT of banana bread in Reardon family in the next few months
Nice nails. Is that real holo?
I believe there's a good reason for GMOs but also can be bad reasons. If the bad one is ruining the original crop and dangerous, then I see a problem with it. However, if the GMO is used to overcome a negative effect or disease in the genetics of that specific organism, then I'm all for it if it allows us to sustain it and not lose it. As long as it doesn't harm the local environment then I see no problem. It's meant to overcome a possible food shortage and save lives, and I believe that outweighs the "OMG GMO EWWW" factor some people get all hyped about.
no Fungicide? awww nuts. so we have to make a different Banana variety
my friend: you wanna snack?  Me: I cant eat that! I'm vegan. and dairy free. and gluten free. and sugar free. and I'm allergic to all nuts.   My friend: w h y  e x a c t l y  Me: because the internet told me.
My thoughts on GMO: people have been doing it for centuries. I’m assuming people like their verities of apple, their corn, their oranges, or even their bananas. One way or another, we’ve been picking out good genes and discarding bad ones, whether or not we knew it at the time. If it was done in a lab doesn’t matter, it’s just a more efficient method.
I think genetic modification to save a food source is fine. Isn't there a similar story with papaya?
"... I imagine you don't have a banana fridge". Who else imagined a yellow fridge with black spots? I want a yellow fridge now.
Almost every plant food we eat is at this point technically a "GMO" because agriculture over thousands of years has obviously modified the foods we eat now to be entirely different plants to the ones from which they originated. GMOs have saved millions of people by this point from death by famine.
Like if you think Ben from simply nailogical should try these
This is why I think gmo are important if not for that scientist doing what he did the people who depend on that crop for financial security and as a source of food  would have suffered a devastating blow. This anti gmo thing is a 1st world issue. Btw love your you tube channel very educational. I also love when you test out the gadgets.
I'm glad I buy locally grown bananas here in the islands.
Why do you have to Dave like that?
Some of the people who believe that 5 minute crafts "hacks" work are the same people who believe that vaccines cause autism and 5g spreads covid
This was a brilliant video, thank you,, Anne! Not gonna lie, that natural banana with the giant seeds made me viscerally uncomfortable.  I worked in produce marketing for a few years and while I never viewed GMOs unfavorably before, I grew to appreciate them even more after that job. Genetically modified plants often yield more produce, they're easier for farmers to grow, and are (for the mostpart) just as healthy as their organic counterparts, not to mention they last longer. Either way, you have to wash your food with cold water before you eat it, because even organic food is grown with fertilizer, and some people think they can eat organic without rinsing first. The main issue I have with GMO plants is the corporate side of things, like plant patents, crops designed to only grow with certain fertilizers and pest control options, plants designed to kill bees, and other issues that have arisen due to large commercial farming.
Does anyone else here feel so good at seeing people link and search for primary sources to back their points? No? Just me?
I refuse to take part in the gmo arguments for the simple fact that, of the people in my life with firm opinions on the subject, roughly half have lived at or below the poverty line for most of their lives and support the fact that many of the gmo foods are within their budgets, while most of the anti-gmo sect (again, my personal life so this is not an indication of the wider world view AT ALL) have no problems partaking in their preferred (genetically modified) cannabis strains while speaking out against it.  I was youngish (4 or 5 maybe) when the 'the banana switch' happened, and according to my mother I went from loving bananas to despising them once they hit my store.  I still hate bananas, but like banana flavor (which she says proves that I loved bananas as a kid lmao).
The idea of GMO foods scares me. There are lots of good reasons to use it, but people are people and you know misuse and horror can not be far behind.  :(
Almost everything we eat has been genetically modified in some way. GMO's are good. And before anyone says it, Monsanto and other corporations put patents are horrible, and something should be done about that. But it foolish to place blame on GMO's for the corruption and greed of corporations.
As a former grocery employee, I can tell you that when the boxes of bananas come in, the first thing that is done is to open the boxes to let the gas escape. Another thing? You cannot store bananas with apples, cabbage or broccoli. They will make the other fruit rot rapidly. One last thing is that "fresh" bananas cannot be near fresh cut flowers. They will make roses wilt within hours.
As long as it is tested and safe I am all for GMO
“I dint want it to taste bad for Dave”  ... Never stopped you before😂  I’m kidding, at least she has control over how it tastes this time.
If I rubbed a banana peel on my face, I would break out like crazy.
Thank you for all the info on ethylene! I have done some study of food science so it's really fun watching you debunk some of the goofier things out there. Thank you!!!
For me, GMOs are just the next step in plant selective breeding/evolution. Humans have been selective breeding fruits and veggies for thousands of years now. GMO is just more advanced and more specific selective breeding. If done safely, correctly, and ethically I think it is a powerful tool for us to use to save many species of plants from extinction.
The bananas we already eat are GMO. If you don't like GMOs, then bananas should've been off your list long ago. As for me, I hope we can get more breeds of bananas. We need to have more variation of genetics so bananas themselves can ward off diseases with less human intervention.   You should check out the Lofty Pursuits banana hard candy episode. If I remember right, it talks about why artificial banana doesn't taste like the bananas we know and love.
If a region depends on the food I think it’s OK to genetically altering it. What else can you do
mmm now i want to eat a banana
13:43 We love doing chocolate in a banana like that! When we camp we pack the banana with chocolate and mini marshmallows, and then wrap them in foil, stick them in the fire, and serve the warm banana s’mores with vanilla ice cream!!! Delicious!!
Their hacks are just bananas...
That thing about where the preserving bananas by wrapping the tops came from was truly fascinating! Amazing detective work!
I definitely support the use of GMOs in this case. I think generally people don't understand how GMOs work and so they fear them. They believe that GMOs are unnatural and that makes them inherently bad. As a researcher in the area of molecular genetics I definitely consider responsible use of genetic modification to be important ethically, and I would definitely consider this not only a responsible use, but even a necessary one.
I love your video's, they are always very informative and so much fun. As far as GMO goes, most of us have never eaten a plant that has not been GMO'ed somehow
Even monkeys peel bananas
All hail, Ann Reardon, first of her name, Queen of debunking, education and quaity content. Long may she reign.   This, as always, was an educational and top-tier piece of content. Much love from Scotland. I adore your channel.
I think GMO is revolutionary science and I seriously cannot understand how people can be against it. The good far outweigh any concerns.
Fun Fact: The banana which was wiped out in the 50's is what our current banana flavouring is based on!
I don't know who needs to hear this but DO NOT put bananas in plastic bags! It makes them go bad faster.
GMO as a way to crossbreed crops is literally how human have fed themselves for a long time now. It's totally fine. GMOs as in a corporation modifies a plant to be seedless or die off quickly and patenting the genetic strain then contracting their seeds out to poorer areas in a capitalistic move to force continuous sales of the seeds for survival upon those poorer communities is not ok.
Cavendish banana and all domestic bananas themselves are bananas made of genetic modification through crossbreeding of inedible wild bananas. Of course the whole GMO and CRISPR fear is more complicated than that, some regulation apparently let a little trait being removed from a food plant and just against a substantial precise modification. I am not against the GM banana, let people eat what they wanna eat and myself would be happy to still have bananas to eat.  Anyway, a wired article cited that the scientists says they already lost the GM war, only two countries (Australia and Uganda) allow the modified cavendish.
I love cooked bananas! The ones in the microwave with chocolate? Would eat the hell out of that
I remember when Julian cooked that bbq banana peel, and it was not a fun time
I'll be honest, buying organic bananas seems to be the ticket because they last for a long while versus regular bananas! I use a banana tree but that's more so for clearing up counter space  Edit: use the brown bananas to make banana bread!
The problem is that we only eat one variety of banana's (even though we only can) because of the lack of genetic diversity, they cannot gain resistance to diseases like this.  As for GMO's of course we should use them.  they are the only way we were able to save Big Ben banana's in the 1950's as well as papaya's.  The solution isn't to end GMO's, but to eat less of genetically simple fruits, and to eat a variety of foods.  Also planting your own food can also help.
Is there a cat meowing at around 24 min? Poor kitty was appalled at bad banana hacks.  I loved this vid. I like your hack-cracking vids, keep ‘em up!
I think the real reason you see bananas wrapped with plastic at the stem in stores is to stop bunches from tearing apart. By accident or by the customer, I'm not sure. Maybe both?
We don't have ovens or most of the ingredients needed at hand in my country but I'm here for the science and education on information literacy
I'd be interested in a video from you on GMO foods, Ann.
“It’s been a long year” quote of 2020
Last week she a-peeled to Cristine, this week she a-peels to Ben.
GMO isn't an answer to everything (changing our terrible consumer habits and environmental approaches would fix a lot) but it is an answer to the banana problem, and other nutrition related issues.
Whenever I bake with bananas, I make them BLACK. I do this by freezing them in the skin, then moving them to the fridge to thaw. They have to be peeled over a bowl because they become almost liquified, and they slip right out of the skin. Trust me, if you are making banana bread or cream pie, try this! The banana flavor becomes so strong and sweet it will elevate any dessert.
GMOs are great! The only issue I have is when plants are modified to not produce seeds so that people can’t grow their own!
When my mom buys bananas they go missing within a few days
everything is a GMO there is nothing on this world that isnt....GMO is just selective breeding.....which we have been doing since the down of agriculture...
I didn't think there was any word I would love hearing you say more than "chocolate" but "banana" might have topped it! Your accent is SO cute.
Can u Test out tasty cooking videos
I have zero issue with GMO, I think a lot of people are anti-GMO without even taking the time to understand the science behind what makes a crop qualify as "genetically modified". It's similar to how some people thing gluten free foods are inherently healthier, or the gluten is bad for everyone and not just people with celiac disease.
I love bananas.  They're my favorite fruit by far.  I've subscribed to this Mrs. Reardon.
Please tell me that you, a baker, don't just put them in shakes and smoothies but also bake with them! If you don't make banana nut bread, that would just make me sad lol
what really works in short:         no sunlight, 13 - 15°C and a high humidity as soon as the bananas are ripe to keep them good for longer  thanks ann
I work as a "pick-up shopper" at a grocery store and yall buy a crazy amount of bananas! Seriously I have days were there are bananas on very order and it brings me great stress because I never know if they will be satisfactory.
Does anyone else hear the strange meowing in the background? I had to keep pausing to make sure it wasn't my cats!
Oh my gosh your rosemary bush is to die for
Now you should make a video of recipes you can make with browned bananas, like pancakes, shakes and cake!
"...Paint the bananas yellow." Sounds like Alice from Wonderland started working for the Onion.
Everything is genetically modified. Your corn is GM, your beef is GM, your milk (even milk replacements) are GM. Heck, your pet is most likely GM. People act like it’s this scary thing but it’s most of what we consume daily, even if you are anti-GMO.
What a bad bitch. She’s totally just schooling these idiots.😂
Bruh.  Those inedible bananas literally traumatized me and triggered trypophobia
genetic engineering benefits our lives more than we appreciate it and it could do so much more. genetically modified crops could be intensifying agriculture instead of expanding it but we have to remember that genetic modification is a tool, a very powerful tool and in the wrong hands it could cause a lot of damage. it's like nuclear science: clean source of power or destruction of species.
I love these videos, they are so informative and necessary with all these videos spreading so much misinformation. What I actually wanted to say is that I pictured you with lush, shoulder length hair! Would love to see that on you :D
Literally to the 1% who'd reading this, God bless you, stay safe and have a wonderful year.... Sub old 🍌 face
One of God’s first commands to humans was to fill the earth and subdue it. I see no reason why using the technology God has given us the minds to come up with to solve problems and “subdue” the earth. Same goes for vaccines. If we refuse to use resources available to save lives and improve the earth we are being fools denying an opportunity to better ourselves for what? A small sense of pride for being all natural like the caveman once were?
Completely unrelated but I’m giggling at the weird bird yelling in the background of the last segment.
Never thought I would you say dumb.
Omg, I died at the banana peel sunscreen😂😂
That wild banana gave me instant trypophobia
I'm curious about the pre-cavendish bananas — has whatever took out that variety faded sufficiently from the soil? Are there enough plants around still to re-introduce them? Are they also susceptible to this current fungus so not really a solution? Many question. Much curious. Also great to have a specific example to point anti-GMOers to — my existing argument was basically the panama disease issue in hypothetical form.
dave I like your haircut!
If only anti GMO knew that the foods we eat now or what they think are natural are already modified versions of the original.
Aren't Bananas genetically modified anyway? their seeds have been modified for consumers so that they have more flesh and less seeds =-/ or is that wrong?
GMO has a future and this disease shows a huge push for it
Do people against GMO eat apples?  🤔
i did an experiment on how unpasteurized, unprocessed coconut water affects the rate of plant growth. mixing it 1:1 with water will make your plants grow exponentially quicker, healthier, and with longer root systems. coconut water alone was not sufficient, and water on its own had an intermediate effect. just thought i would share!
Let's see fellas how more absurd 5 min craft gonna get.
Wow thanks Ann this video actually give me a lot of information about the banana industry! Anyway we got the same problem here. If you plant a vast area of land with only one kind of plant and basically zero diversity that's what you got: a disease outbreak! What's more saddening, to get the whole plantation area like that, they have to clear out the whole jungle, basically killing all living things who depend on the jungle to survive
About GMO controversial things, I think it is not about getting a gen fron anther specie which is in the same family tree (talking about this banana) however talking about GMO in general should be checked harder. The non-control of it can create problems with the environment around it and extinct another species. That's why I think GMO is good but needs to have bigger control and it should be done by public benefit not by private companies which they use it for benefits and they do not care about environment.
"But let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try"  😂 poor Dave...
dave to make a mukbang channel!!! 😌
A heads up about melanoma and protection- always wear UV blocking sunglasses when outdoors during daylight hours. Occular melanoma is rare but the treatment usually involves removal of one or both eyes and/or using radiation and lasers to cook the tumor and also portions of the eye.   I know two women who survived it, both are now legally blind.
I don't get people who are scared of gmo, I'm actually so interested in it! It can solve so many things
OMG, your nails!?!? ARE THEY HOLO TACO 💿🌮?!?
Okay so like we had a research thingy where we use apple extract as a ripening agent to a banana and lemon extract to reduce the ripening of the banana. Long story short, the banana that was soaked in apple extract for 1 min each day got really ripe than the control banana. For the lemon extract, i think it did nothing so yeah.
I once met a woman who hated sunscreen and never wore while working outdoors as a kid/teen (mowing lawns, local summer camps, etc). She never burned.   When she was 16, she noticed a mole on her neck but thought nothing of it. At 19, a doctor noticed the mole and demanded they test it.   It was melanoma and since it had gone untreated for so long, tendrils had grown down towards her chest and up into her jaw, skull, and brain. She lived, but barely. And trust me, I’ve been sunscreen obsessed ever since!!
eating GMOs does not bother me one little bit! humans have genetically modified things for millennia using cross-breeding, it isn't scarier because we've found a faster way. the problem i have is with companies like monsanto, who patent plants and then sue neighboring farms for cross-pollination.
Can I just say I love how fun and educational your videos are! I love learning something new about food or anything to be honest!!
The Zombie Banana Hack was just Reversed
FOOD is FOOD
14:00 banana boats!  Surprisingly good
i wish you couldve dipped the whole banana in wax just bc im curious
Humanity has used selective breeding, cloning and grafting to modify every single vegetable and fruit we have today. Your mind would be blown seeing what fruits looked like even 2000 years ago. The fruits were tiny! Our fruits are often tenfold or more large, juicier and sweeter than they used to be. In some ways they border scarily close to genetically modified candy versions of their original selves. So GMO is simply a new technology to modify our food in a different way. It’s cheaper and more accurate than selective breeding. I haven’t seen any ways its more evil or dangerous than the alien monstrosities we have already have bred today. Nothing we eat is really “natural” anyway. Our farm crops are mutants bred for our convenience.
From my understanding, GMOs are the same thing as cross pollenating or graphing plants or breading plants. Something that has been done for thousands of years. GMO is just modified at a deeper level then in the past that gets a more specific result. But we already eat GMOs even in the "Organic" foods. As our ansesters would take seeds from genisus plats, AKA the original plant. These were plants that were geneticly different from their siblings that would make them not able to survive on their own. Thus ancient humans would take seeds from these kinds of plants. This starting with weet, as the plants that did not drop their seeds where the ones that humans could get to, thus they could plant them and eat them and have more control. So from the very beginning of farming, we have been modifying plants by propagating plants that otherwise would have died. Eating the plants, the trees that gave off the best fruit or grew the best potato, that plant would be the one that is farther propagated, thus making them better over time and modifying what nature originally created. So if you really want to eat "Organic" fruits and vegatables, you need to go back to the wild ones. Like the wild bananas. Likely how we got the ones we have now is, people would eat and propagate the bananas with the smaller seeds. This happened for so long that they no longer have seeds. So those are modified too. GMO or Genetically Modified Organisms have been around and created sense the beginning of the settled human life. We just do it more efficiently then our ansestors. They took 100s of years to do the same thing that we do now in only a few years.   I think it's more likely that people are and have always been afraid of change. GMOing the way we do now is new. Thus not comfortable. We don't have generations worth of experience as to how to deel with it, and so like all new things, we fear it. Now some GMOed plants might not be a good as there more "Organic" counter part, but as far as I know, it's not a lot.   As for rather we should or not, I think it would be better to create a crop that will help people more then it harms, then to not use it at all. If these new bananas that can survive this fungus, and preserve people's lively hoods then we should be using them. Or at least when the crop in one field becomes infected they can switch over to the new plant. I'm willing to eat a banana made in a lab if it means millions of people keep their jobs and in turn their lives. But if making sure you don't eat GMOs is more important to you, you do you.   (sorry for misspells, I'm dyslexic, and don't really feel like going all english major on a Youtube comment.)
that is one HELL of a rosemary plant
The chocolate and banana being microwaved is a step away from what we would do in scouts, where you'd wrap them in foil and toss them in the coals. I remember them tasting fantastic back then, maybe it's the slower (but hotter) heat from the fire that made them great...or maybe Dave isn't a thirteen year-old scout who just took a hike, haha.
Regarding the hack where you cut a wedge out of a banana and stuff it with chocolate bits: This is an old Girl Scout recipe. It's called Banana Boats. In the Girl Scout version, you cut the wedge out of the peel, leaving one end uncut, scoop some of the banana flesh out and eat it, stuff the trench you just made with chocolate chips and miniature marshmallows, put the banana peel back over it, wrap it in foil, and put it in hot coals in your campfire for about 5 minutes or so, just enough to melt everything. Delicious!
the thing is, cavendish bananas (and literally every food we eat basically) are technically genetically modified as well — through selective cultivation and cross-pollination we’ve bred bananas (and other foods) to have those minuscule seeds so we can eat them, or to make them taste better, or to just look prettier. it just happened out in a field with trial and error instead of in a lab with injections or whatever, but because it’s scientific people don’t trust it, and it just. doesn’t make sense to me
Great video. A fun thing I learned about seedless varieties of fruits like bananas and watermelons is that they are triploid. Which means they have three sets of chromosomes instead of two (or 4 or 6), the odd set means the chromosomes won't pair up properly during meiosis and therefore the plant is unable to make seeds.
I don’t even care what they do to the bananas as long as they taste the same then I’m okay with that😂
if you're anti gmo you'd better not be eating brocolli, cauliflower, corn, kale... basically any modern crop has been selectively bred to be more nutritious and have larger yields.
Aww that bit about UV made me miss the sun being in the Northern Hemisphere.
As a girl from south texas usa, the brown bannanas are the best for banana bread
I love this content.
If anything the beads that you rubbed with the banana look like they are reacting quicker than the control
Dave is such a sport and he's really witty 😛
Dave: Even monkeys peel bananas . 5 min crafts folks: 😳 Us: he’s right!   He cuestiones the entire logic of 5 min crafts gloriously in 5 seconds 😅  I love Dave !
GMOs are a modern marvel. Build a bridge👍🍌
Hey Ann can you make a video and go to “Tasty desserts” YouTube channel because there’s a love heart cake  made 9 hours ago and the same thing 5 days ago I wrote a comment on the 2nd video at the top and it’s the love heart cake then scroll and you’ll see the same thing
Again, I love that you track down the sources of the misinformation.
I believe the most important thing about banana growing is the blatant mistreatment and willful poisoning of locals. Banana Republic is a good documentary about it.
This channel should be a university course.
A banana video? How apPEELing.
My problem with gmos is not the genetic modification its the corporations that own a patent for the seeds (which is absolutely ludicrous) and then force people to only go through them to buy seeds by engineering those plants to not produce viable offspring so they can basically estort farmers with outlandish prices. Hopefully the resistant bananas are not restricted otherwise regardless of whether they work or not communities that eat a lot of bananas will still have a food shortage
i don’t know why but seeing the bananas with seeds made me uncomfortable
Is that Holo Taco?
Thank you!!!! These videos are incredible 🙌
lmao that Austin Powers reference
These videos are always so well researched. For me, the issue of GMO foods has to do with the politics and shady business practices surrounding them. Like imagine if this new banana was patented by a corporation like Monsanto. I could easily see them jacking up the price to take advantage of the desperate farmers. I'm sure there's a way to give incentive to this kind of research without allowing that to happen, but these companies have spent the last few decades dismantling our food regulation system so they can push new products with less testing, so I'm not optimistic.
Dave is adorable :)
I love Ann!!!!
in fact it looks like the banana gave that poor aloe root rot from having its roots 1. damp all the time 2. suffocating from no air and 3. being in constant contact with rotting plant matter full of bacteria. perfect way to kill an aloe
that one where you put the banana in the microwave with the chocolate seems a lot like something we did in girl guides. We cut the banana open like you did but only one cut then we put in chocolate and marshmallows, then we wrapped in alfoil and put it on the coals of the fire. It was good, and I think would be better than microwaved but to be honest we made better deserts on the fire especially the chocolate self-saucing pudding.
GMOs keep the world fed. Whatever negatives there are currently regarding GMOs are inconsequential when considering all the great things they've done.
I don't like bananas. Anyone else?
https://youtu.be/858-8lacgvE
I hate bananas.
Poor dave...  Evey video. 😂
I suggest you to check about Vitamin D and the importance in Covid-19. Would you able to check about cream and sunlight exposure? Is it possible that sun cream decrease vitamin D production?
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  Repent and turn from sin! Follow God's sacred 10 Commandments! Time is running out!
Brown Bananas are still perfect edible; they shouldn't be thrown away just because the skin is getting a little dark.
Dave is such a good sport. I love his reactions.
I live in the Philippines and I didn’t know that big countries only eat one type of banana.   Here we have a variety of bananas, the cavendish, the others I don’t know the English name but we have those with seeds, a small one about two inches long, a thick one that is great for bananaques and sometimes put in dishes for that extra flavor. We call them by their names depending on what province you are in. They are sold in the plazas but a lot are grown in the backyards and when a lot has grown we would give them away to our neighbors for that extra potassium.   Also, when they’re brown, we don’t throw em away! Most of the times we would put flour and eggs and turn them into a banana pancake!
I did not like how that wild Banana looked 😣
the GMO food panic is so dumb. the cavendish banana that we're all so familiar with has ALREADY been genetically modified to be bigger and fleshier and yellower than the original naturally-occurring species. any type of selective breeding basically amounts to genetic modification, people are just being pissy about genetic *editing.* which is also dumb, we have the technology to make these foods tastier and hardier and more abundant, there is zero reason not to use it.
GMO ❤️
If people are against GMO food they should stop eating watermelons, or some other types of veggies because they are so far removed from their original state that no one would really recognize that original as what we eat now.
The banana +chocolate recipe was a staple at our camp cookouts at girl guides in the 80s!  You wrap it in foil and barbecue it (I never liked it, but most people did!)
Logo logo está com nós top dos vídeos em alta da semana... Tamo jun  amigo
LOL I forgot my sunscreen but I remembered to bring a banana.
The chocolate in banana in microwave we used to do that in Girl Scouts but we did it wrapped in tin foil on the campfire
When I was a kid, we used to slit a banana open, stick in chocolate chips and mini marshmallows, wrap it in tin foil, and bake it in the oven. Best treat ever!
I hate that the conversation around GMOs is so muddled. There's a huge difference between genetically modifying things like disease resistant plants vs modifying crops so the seeds can't be planted which creates dependency on large scale corporate farms. But now when you say GMO so many people won't eat it because they assume they're full of government tracking devices or cancer or something.
I think there’s probably limits to GMO foods but when you’re saving an entire fruit, food source, economic system....I think I’ll sleep just fine at night with the either banana in my kitchen.
Banana is a berry.
Level check please lol
2:38 needs to become a gif that summarizes the entire year of 2020
GMO science is sound.  GMO policy is not.  GMO allows predictable changes (at least more predictable than artificial selection through breeding) and it allows changes to be made quickly (important in cases like this where there is a disease threatening a major food source and there may not be time to go through the iterative process of selective breeding).  GMO policy is where I have issues because the policies can threaten the livelihood of farmers due to the patent on the modifications from major biotech companies causing farmers who end up with "tainted" seeds (ie Farmer A planted non GM crops and farmer B planted GM crops and farmer A's crop seeds got fertilized by farmer B's plants) to not be allowed/able to use the seeds.  Obviously a workaround for the biotech companies would be to make the commercial seeds produce sterile crops through genetic modification, but I am not sure if this has been done to solve this problem.
I absolutely love how far you go into your investigations and get every single fact available. And you know so much about food. Your knowledge never ceases to amaze me. You are an admirable person. 💟
While watching this I am eating a banana yogurt and completely lost my appetite
In the hack with the plant cutting being put into the banana to  root, the cutting they put in didn't even have any nodes, so it would be impossible for it to grow roots, even if the banana was somehow actually useful for that. Literally just put a plant cutting with nodes into a glass of water and you will get roots
ANN YOU MADE #20 ON TRENDING!!! 🥳🎊🎉🍻🥂
My stand on GMO: Why not? We have been crossing organism since ages ago to get the best varieties. In other words, we have been selecting preferable genes in our food sources via selective breeding. As long as the GMO doesn't cause 'genetic polution' (forgot what it's called in my biology book), I am cool with it!
I love that these videos are a combination of education and entertainment. Also one of the old banana varieties that aren’t available anymore is what the artificial “banana” flavor was based on which is why it doesn’t actually taste like the banana we are used to.
As an American, I find the way you say "banana" delightful
All bananas are GMO. They are naturally filled with seeds, but the Cavendish Banana was genetically modified to not produce seeds. This is why it is the only banana we get, and why the fungal problem is so serious. We don't have seeds for these plants. Once they are all dead they will be gone forever. That's what happened in the 50's. Unless people stop being such whiny so and so's about GMO and actually do more research than facebook, 5 minute crafts and buzzfeed about it we are going to lose the banana forever.
I work in a supermarket and our bananas come with the tips wrapped, I wonder if that's how part of that got out. Not sure why they're wrapped but they are. I assume it's to keep the stems looking nice and white cause they go brown after they're unwrapped. (The part where they're broken off from the main bunch goes brown, not the banana.)
I've been anticipating a new video and of course Ann delivered another great one! This video was very through and informative as always. Thank you!
19:50 I think is supposed to be done with green bananas and a yellow banana. The ripe (yellow) banana will ripen the green ones. This is done with organic bananas
Dave: Cooked bananas aren't really that good Me, with my turon, bananacue, fried bananas, maruya, boiled/nilagang saba, minatamis, bilo-bilo, saba con yelo: 😢
Love her so much for working so hard on her videos. It’s really amazing. I love the honest education.
....beeeeeeeeen-
Speaking as a graduate student in conservation & someone that teaches introductory genetics, the lack of nuance surrounding the GMO debate has to be one of my biggest pet peeves. People seem to conflate so many unrelated issues with modern agriculture & free-market capitalism with "GMOs are bad" when the technology - like electricity or any other innovation - is neither inherently good or bad. It's always a question of how people use it (e.g. nuclear bombs versus medical isotopes for cancer-screening).   I personally think that genetic engineering is an absolutely essential part of sustainable development, but I'm happy to agree that many of the current, commercial, uses of genetic engineering in agriculture are less than ideal (or even bad applications of the technology). Using transgenic gene modification to make your plants more resistant to the broad-spectrum herbicide you also sell, i.e. Roundup-Ready crops, is probably not ideal - or necessarily ethical from an environmentalist's viewpoint - but there are myriad ways that this same technology (and other, more modern techniques like CRISPR) can be used to promote sustainable development rather than reinforcing our dependence on pesticides, fertilizer, and water in agriculture.   One way is to integrate the gene groups from undomesticated varieties that confer higher pest-resistance and/or predator/parasitoid recruitment into our domesticated cultivars and reduce the need for pesticide applications. Another is to increase plants' drought resistance, and another to increase their thermal/UV tolerance to bolster them against the effects of climate change and reduce the substantial amount of water needed to make land arable in many parts of the world. Yet another is to optimize growth rates and yields to reduce the land needed to grow the same amount of food. None of these are hypothetical: all of them are being researched today.   Outside of agriculture, GMOs are responsible for one of the greatest breakthroughs in pharmacology/medicine availability. Know someone that needs insulin? Their ability to get it is largely thanks to genetically modified microbes. Before this was available, animal-derived insulin (mostly from pigs & cows) was our only source. Over 2 tons of pig pancreas were needed to produce 8 ounces of usable insulin - making it both prohibitively expensive for many diabetics and only available in small quantities - while today we can essentially grow it in a vat thanks to genetic engineering.
Bananas stuffed with Chocolate chips, mini marshmallows and a teaspoon of strawberry jam are wrapped in foil and shoved into hot coals is an old Girl Scout camping desert. (And we called them Banana Boats!)
traders joe in america wraps the top of their bananas
GMO is a good concept so we can still eat cavendish bananas without worrying about the fungul disease, but I'm just worried about the economical and environmental impact of having to replant all those bananas, and all the waste it will make as well as the jobs that will be postponed until the banana plants are growing. Thanks for the great video Anne :)
if bananas start going black in our house we make smoothies from them
GMOs, to me, haven’t been proven harmful enough yet to make me feel like a banana modified (like people in a way with vaccines/drugs and the what nots) to fight off or be immune to something that affects everyone or most banana’s, bad. I’m all for it, if there isn’t any harmful affects, to keep the people of those regions going and to still be able to have the banana’s of today since the bananas of before are gone and only remembered what is the issue? Almost sounds like anti vaccine people but maybe correct with what are the after effects? It’s all unknown till found whether can be found now or found later.
Banana!!!!!!!!
mommy ann hacked my banana. made it straight and firm
Ann Reardon, taking an already informative video series and turning it up to eleven.      And this is my thinking on GMO: when it's used for shit like Monsanto or to put a chokehold on farmers, forcing them to buy seeds when they could otherwise grow produce with seeds in it and use those seeds in turn, GMO is wrong. For the most part, though, GMO seems to do a lot of good. It's been incredibly beneficial, allowing for higher crop yield and allowing current foods to give more nutritional value than foods in the past did. Speaking of the past, we've been genetically modifying food for millennia. GMO isn't this evil thing that will hurt your body if you consume modified produce. Raise all the middle fingers at corporate scum trying to step on others and stockpile money, but don't boycott all GMO because some assholes are using a legitimately helpful tool for their evil enterprises.
I once heard that the reason banana candy and banana flavoring doesn’t taste like real bananas is because the flavor was based on that old banana, which was wiped out. Supposedly it had such a different taste than the current banana and that’s why artificial banana tastes so “fake” to us.
9:36... Do we trust her? I wouldn't. I've seen some of the things she gives you. But she is your partner, so maybe? :)
20:04 the way i learned that from just another week at cartoon network in 2016
My thing with gmo is that people really don’t have any idea what that means. So many things we consider food staples are also “gmo”. Corn, tomatoes, watermelon, sweet potatoes, none of them would be viable crops to feed wide groups of people if they weren’t genetically modified. The banana we have now is HEAVILY genetically modified so if someone is going to raise a stink about a new breed of bananas because it’s genetically modified they better be also raising the same issue with our current supermarket variation.
poor Dave always gets the scary foods to try lol
The leaf stayed fresh though😂 for a while
GMO's , I think eventually, with our changing climate we will probably need to switch to fully GMO foods because what we like may not be able to survive once it gets to a certain point. Many animals have gone extinct because of it so why wouldn't plants.
My personal take about everyone's issues with gmo is just...its nonsense. The only valid point I can find in it is that a lot of large companies seem to modify the ability to plant crops ourselves, but I haven't done research really. I just ignore it all for the most part.
Purdue University in the US basically states that GMOs are beneficial and not harmful.  This non-GMO thing is akin to anti-vaxxing.
Welp I’m getting skin cancer as a adult...
Please check out our improv rock band  https://youtu.be/m8V1toR8Gy4
You’re videos are so entertaining but also educational! We all appreciate all the research you do to make your videos amazing Ann!
Can u plz test the viral hot chocolate bombs?
In sweden people cook banana with chocolate over fires all the time. Not the best flavor but a true classic
Psa Avocados are really bad for the planet and there is drug dealer mentality around selling them were there grown.
Wow that's a nice big rosemary plant! I wish mine was that nice
I love you, Ann! You are a rare gem in a world full of predictable people! We need more people like you in the world!
Dave: "It's been a long year" Dave's stomach: "YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN BUDDY"
Ann, I highly recommend you check out the channel 'Weird Fruit Explorer' Where he tries out the bananas of the past, present, and future!
Genetically modified organisms, be it animals or crops, they will not be as good as the wild variety. I mean, messing with something natural is always bad but GMOs will help secure the food security and deal with hunger problem or even poverty problems in third world country.   It will help people grow crops without much fear or tension. There are risks of mutations and everything but the resistance it will offer against the today's frequently fluctuating bad environment and climate change can help it grow with much less tension than the wild varieties and I think that will bring good changes for countries with massive hunger problems.
At 26:00, Gros Michel bananas are mentioned, these are the bananas that banana flavouring is based off of and that is why banana flavouring doesn’t taste like cavendish bananas
Very interesting video! I had heard never to put bananas in the refrigerator, so I thought it was very interesting to learn you can- and even should! My take on GMO, is that it isn’t all bad. After all, most fruits and vegetables, as well as flowers, are combinations- put down to husbandry and whatnot. I don’t see a difference in if two types of apples, say, make a new kind in the wild, as opposed to in the laboratory. Also, I agree- pick your battles. For example, I heard once that if all food was grown without pesticides, the world would only produce 1/3 of the crops it does. I don’t know if that’s true or not, but one way slowly poisons people, the other way would starve them. I think GMO is wrong when it is used to be greedy. Here in the US, some companies have genetically modified soy beans, and when these cross pollenate with nearby farms, the big companies claim that the beans actually belong to them; they also force farmers to grow them and wipe out small independent farms. Otherwise, I can’t imagine GMO foods would be lacking in nutrition, unless modified for that reason. I honestly haven’t done much research on the subject though, so that’s just my take.
Just a waste of bananas!
Jay Z is God of the Earth in Revelation 11:4 (or Apocalypse 11:4 depending on what country your Bible is printed) and more. I know this and other secrets because I am Christ. I know that because I got a tattoo of the name Jesus on my thigh when I was 17 and when I was 25 I read Revelation 19:16 which says on His robe and thigh is a name written: king of kings lord of lords. Love your work!
Wow after seeing the process bananas go through just to get to us, I’ll NEVER take them for granted again 🥺
Dave: do we trust her?  All of us: god save Dave.
Poor😳 poor 😲 Dave ...😒...... 🤔🤔😝😂😂
That UV beads experiment was very interesting, will definitely consider using an experiment like this in my science lessons ☺️ (But maybe I’ll leave out the banana part 😂)
We have now the technology to make GMO's even faster, and be modified to be more resistant, more efficient, be more nutritious, you name it. I find it amusing that with the introduction of advancements in technology to modify the genes in organisms, we started to debate if they are beneficial or harmful to us, or if it is a good or bad practice in a moral point of view, yet humanity has modified plants and animals throughout all of it's history without the use of modern technology. Through selective breeding we have changed breeds of dogs, horses, chickens, cats, cows, maize, wheat, bananas, apples, flowers, almost everything that we cultivate or use as livestock we have handpicked and selected their traits with trial and error. Our biggest concern right now would be that given the little variety we have in our produce and livestock we are at risk that with one little organism or change in temperature could end our entire supply of corn for example. Either cultivate wilder varieties that can survive infections (but we would need to change the supply and demand), or through technology, modify them to be more resistant, which as well, will have to be a constant battle with microorganisms as they adapt to infect more resistant crops.
I have never seen the inside of a wild banana before... That is so weird! 😱😳😂
Literally 99% won't care but God bless you and be safe during these times 🙏🏼 also I'm struggling to get to 5k 😔
Hearing the word banana said that many times in your accent makes me so happy
So the “leaf” that was used in the banana hack to grow it was actually a monstera deliciosa ‘cutting’. The monstera deliciosa is a famously propagate-able indoor plant. This meaning that if you take a proper healthy cutting from it the cutting will root and grow from the cutting in just plain air for a good while. You can get yourself a full grown plant to put in a pot and will give you a health sprouting plant within a month. So in putting that in a banana and showing you growth it’s basically just saying “this isn’t more damaging to the cutting’s growth than leaving it out in the air... probably”
Are not Cavendish bananas basically clones that all came from a grandfather plant? Hence are virtually GM anyway, and as clones lack the biodiversity to produce resistant individuals.
Put banana and chocolate chips in foil and throw it in the coals of a campfire. Nice treat while camping.
Never thought a cooking channel would be my favorite.
if they can splice resistance to both cavendish and gros michel bananas, that would be awesome! as long as they dont go monsato with the gmo patent, or dont patent it at all
Most of the plants we eat had to have genetic mutations so they would be tasty, easier to grow, produce bigger yield, ect. That was done through selective breeding but the genetic difference is still huge compared to ones we see in the wild. Now that technology can change the genetics faster and more targeted compared to breeding, I see no problem if it can help people. Of course, the plants should still have to pass certain criteria so that the GMO crops won't have ecological problems when planted outside in a field and that any modifications won't have unintended consequences to the people who eat them (for example, some plants have been modified to make their own insecticide so that insecticide would have to be tested as safe for people to eat)
The opposition to GMOs seems to come from a mix of misinformation and unethical buisness practices from companies like Monsanto. They aren't bad in and of themselves, it's the corporations being able to patent specific genes that are unethical.
Those UV beads color after being exposed to the sun looks pretty lol
As for the banana aloe thing, the roots look like thread.
The real reason why I love your debunk video is you give us new knowledge.
I really think that the problem with GMOs is not the GMOs themselves, but the fact that GMO crops can be copyrighted (copywritten? who knows), which can lead to large corporations controlling the food supply for a lot of people. we've already seen issues with this, like last year when Frito-Lay sued a group of farmers for growing a patented variety of potato; and Monsanto basically making farmers into sharecroppers by only providing plants that don't propagate, so the farmers have to buy new seeds from Monsanto, usually at a loss.
This is the most important post you will ever read.  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers.. Yet this is only four of our many transgressions.  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good deeds because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth.  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago, Jesus Christ left his throne in heaven and came to this earth. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake. Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’.. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he conquered death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ;  Except a gift can either be accepted or rejected..So this is what you must do in response;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him, and through gratitude in the sacrifice of his son, repent (turn away) from your old way of life. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward (Romans 10:9).   Do these things, and you will be saved.  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife.   You’ve been informed; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you spend ETERNITY, meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make; And all of us here, whether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ awaits YOU this very moment; don’t even think about sleeping tonight until you surrender your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. And as it is written (Hebrews 9 : 27);  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.  All glory, honor and praise to Lord Jesus Christ.  https://www.amazon.com/dp/1432117742/ref=emc_b_5_mob_i
There is nothing wrong with GMO's. They are not dangerous, and can be used to great effect for both humanitarian purposes (such as with golden rice, with significantly higher nutrient content than regular rice, for poorer countries where rice is the main food and malnutrition is an issue as a result) and in conservation (the American chestnut was basically wiped out by an introduced fungus in the 1900's. transgenic implantation has allowed native seedlings to survive the blight while preserving 99.9% of the plant's original genome...something which is impossible to do through hybridization.)   It's not even an unnatural phenomenon either. Sweet potatoes exist because of a transgenic mutation facilitated by a bacteria. A 'natural GMO' if you will.   The only valid argument to be made against gmo's is that it grants too much power to large food corporations to design and control future crops......however this still happens anyway, since plants from breeding programs can be patented in the exact same fashion. In either case it has nothing to do with the gmo's themselves, but rather the potential for exploitation.
I think the banana from the 60s that Ann talks about is the type of banana that banana-flavored candies based their taste on. Those candies are the closest we can get to that extinct banana.
*and that is why I have trust issues*
People that are anti-GMO don't understand a damn thing about GMO's and other agricultural practices. They are victims of the Non-GMO/Organic food fear-mongering marketing campaigns.  Humanity has been manipulating the genes of our crops and livestock since the dawn of agriculture, be it selective breeding, hybridization, mutagenesis or more recently, transgenic modification. There's so many foods that we have today that are the result of radiation mutagenesis, a process where we basically blast a crop/seed with radiation, see what happens and then breed the resulting foods that have the qualities we like. Rio Red grapefruit and seedless watermelons are excellent examples. Nobody says boo about those inaccurate processes but are suddenly terrified of a scientist switching genes on or off with significantly more precision.    GM crops literally save millions of lives every year through food security and earnings by creating drought resistant/pest resistant/disease resistant/more nutritious crops.  I firmly believe being anti-GMO comes from a place of both ignorance and privilege.  They aren't the ones facing starvation or a loss of income if a crop fails due to drought or disease. The world would be so much further along with perfecting Golden Rice and other biofortified crops if we didn't have ignorant, first-world Neanderthals screaming "Evil Frankenfood!" every time time a new breakthrough is made.
Fun fact the GMO debate is only political and economical there is no pharmacological risque of GMO except for allegries or a side effect of some unexpected gene interaction ( wich basically never happens and any GMO product is studied to search to understand that kind of things) GMOs are widely use in medicine In the agro domain it could be the best thing ever reducing the water consumption, give a better nutrition and all that but Monsanto has basically a monopole in the USA so that's a no for them
The whole ecosystem of companies just publishing articles for the sake of publishing articles is poison. I quit uni where I was studying media and journalism because it slowly started to dawn on me that that's all I would be doing. Bloody depressing.
Hello Ann! I found a video you might want to debunk! Here it is: https://youtu.be/w8I1m1n-7Lg  If she's already done this video, please tell me in the replies. Also, I would really appreciate if you liked, because that would raise the chance of her seeing this comment! (But, you don't have to if you don't want to.)
Forgot sunscreen? Then rub a random fruit on your face and you totally won’t get sunburnt on your legs! Wow it’s almost like she didn’t think the hack was good enough to use as sunscreen on her whole body?!?!
24:26 24:46 does anyone else hear a cat in the background 🧐 Love your videos keep up the great work
Great video thanks. I'm all for genetic modification in small ways to save lives and keep economic stability. I think people become wary when organisms are modified purely for profit and mass production purposes. we should be investing in hydroponics to preserve are soil and avoid genetic modification where possible.
Very nice Job
I’m gonna start spraying all my beads with sunscreen
if you have banana or bananas that have black spots or nearly going bad you could make a Banana Bread
wow, ANOTHER banana plague! who would've expected?? maybe we should have some genetic diversity, huh?? thank you, genetic engineering, for undoing some of that inbreeding
I wish there had been a trypophobia warning before the wild banana was shown at 27:55  As someone with trypophobia, seeing it made my skin crawl and I almost vomited. Putting proper trigger warnings can really save people a world of discomfort. My roommate has this phobia as well and if she had seen it, this would have made her feel like crawling out of her own skin I hope this timestamp helps others avoid it tho.
I think that the biggest problem with introducing the GMO banana would be the potential of the fungus mutating to be able to infect these new plants. This has been seen before in GMO corn, a corn was developed to repel bugs that ate it but the bugs then mutated to be able to eat it.
I am not against GMO crops. Most of the time this is exactly what GMO crops are, they target a few specific genes that make a crop more resistant to things like disease, drought, poor soil, and or pests. All in all making these changes does not change the nutritional value or safety of the food. It can actually reduce the amount of pesticides, herbicides, fertilizers, and water used in the production process, dramatically reducing the ecological impact of agriculture.  Now the truly interesting part to me is the prospect of creating crops that are more nutritious and or tasty. Ever had a tomato or watermelon with little to no flavor, what if we made a GMO that always produced delicious fruit. Or what if we could find a way to make a banana have enough protein and other nutrients to make it a full meal? Like Ann said people all over the world face food shortages and food deserts, GMO crops could pave the way to a greener and more food secure world.
Is it just me, or did the beads wth the banana rubbed on them look like their color was more intense than the control ones? It almost looked like the banana intensified the sun's rays.
It looked like the banana peel beads actually showed their colours stronger/faster than the control group!
Dave: even moneys eat bananas  This show that 5 minute crafts is literally more stupider than animals
Banana hack! If you peel it from the Bottom you wont get those anoying strings.
Gosh I should wrap the top of my head, maybe I won’t age 😉
The first few minutes just seemed like a creepy frankenstein experiment
*NORT VPN is dangeros as every vpn ... not work and u give u information to this company what can give it to they groups ... 6 months ago they was atackt by hackers and meny information get lost and they dont even told that to publick so dont use any vpn its just scam..*
Virtually all food we eat is genetically modified .For  thousand of years artificial selection in agricultural practise has altered the genomic structure of many crops and livestock species we eat today.
12:52 when she started hair-drying the banana, I thought she just reversed the footage because heat can turn banana peels brown lol. Was not expecting erasable ink
Ew the wild banana with seeds creeps me out
*Gwen stefani entered the chat*
god, the wild banana image gave me the creeps. a warning next time would be nice.
I always learn so much from your videos
0:55 that looks photoshopped
Isn't the Cavendish already genetically modified to have smaller seeds?
Algum BR??
A banana is not a fruit, it's a berry. Since the flower that a banana grows from only has one ovary, it is a berry. Also, the banana has more than one seed, and has the three distinct layers that all berries have.  Here is a link to my source: https://www.livescience.com/57477-why-are-bananas-considered-berries.html
"Do we trust her? It's been a long year!" 🤣 Love a bit of Dave in these videos
Next up: ‘Can you freeze a banana by putting it under flame?’
Alot of people are actually unaware how much fruit and vegetables are genetically modified. Broccoli, broccoli raab, cauliflower, cabbage, Brussel sprouts, kale and kohlrabi are all the same species of plant. Orange is a cross between mandarin and pomelo  Grapefruit, banana, almond, strawberry, lemon, and pretty much all "varieties" and seedless fruits/vegetables are man-made. We’ve bred them selectively to get the desired characteristics.
I now know so much about a fruit I don't even like
They are also having the same kind of problems with coffee beans , Both fungus and climate change
Panamanian here! I actually always put them in the fridge.... it's so hot here.
honestly, i don't understand why people are against GMOs. do they actually harm us or is it just the idea of something natural being altered? because if altering the genetics of something improves it, what's the problem?
The Panama disease is actually why banana food flavoring taste different than your typical banana. The Gros Michel banana is the one we get the food flavoring from, and until the 1950s, it was the most common banana. The Panama disease wiped out the crop to the point where, by the 1960s, banana growers had to switch to the Cavendish (which was resistant to the disease at the time). The Gros Michel is still grown today, but no longer at the scale that it once was. [source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gros_Michel_banana ]
If your bananas over ripe mash then up and make banana bread, muffins, cake.
o-O  (that’s me when I saw how dumb some of these were)
Does n e one else here the cat meowing in the background @ 23:45 and after?
I can't stand bananas and I really hate the smell.  I avoid the fowl fruit.  With that said I hope people don't lose their food or jobs.
The banana boat one is actually a fairly well known recipe. We had banana boats every year at camp! We put chocolate and marshmallows in a banana, wrapped it in tinfoil, and roasted it in the fire for twenty minutes. It was a camp favorite actually!
that banana chocolate thing is actually something i do! my mom did it at camp. you take a banana chocolate and peanut butter and microwave it for 40 seconds, and if its not cooked enough another 20 seconds. it is really really good.
Someone pls tag Ben here
Trypophobia warning!  That banana with the large seeds made me feel so ill!
LETS GO GMO BANANASSS 💕
To the person that’s reading this:   You’re a very beautiful and adorable human! Stay healthy during this uncertain time ☔️  Our dream is to hit 10k, We’ve been struggling to get there💛
I hope you didn't get too many fruit flies with this episode! As for GMO bananas... Bananas are pretty good examples of a GMO organism as they are, wild bananas are practically inedible.
wow, thank you for all that great information about bananas! i am thrilled that you've gone through the trouble for all this other information about the banana plantations and panama disease because i had no idea!  i am also thrilled about there being a solution to the panama disease just killing a whole crop--gmos in the right hands can save millions of people! i guess now we need to make sure people really understand what they can do and try to remove the stigma they have
I am fine with gmo, please save the food
Love the video, but just me had trypanophobia with this banana image?
Poor bananas
GMOs for the win!  The problem comes in with the corporations and their behavior around their patented foods. Here's hoping it can be distributed in a reasonable way!
Something we've started making with zombie bananas is a delicious mild curry. (We freeze them in their skins to use for this and banana bread.)   For each person, you'll need 1-2 chicken thighs, de-boned  and cubed, 1-2 bananas, a smallish onion (optional), curry powder and cream.  Finely dice the onion if you're using it and saute it in a bit of oil until soft and golden brown. Add in the chicken and curry powder. How much curry powder you use is a matter of taste - I use around a teaspoonful of medium heat powder. Stir well to coat the chicken, adding a little more oil if needed to help the curry powder spread. Brown the chicken well, then add in the defrosted banana - you'll be able to scoop it out of the skin easily. Mash it up a bit with a spoon/spatula while cooking, then add in enough cream to make a medium thickness of sauce. Simmer to thicken the cream and ensure the chicken is fully cooked through. Serve with the side dishes you usually have with curry.
My goat Duchess says she will l gladly take you zombie bananas, banana peels, and unwanted bananas off your hands. Same goes for any fruit, fruit parts, and some vegetables (but only specific veggies)
Thank you for another incredibly well researched, eye opening video!!! Wow. From the SPF misinformation to the Panama disease, you've opened my mind once again. Your work doesn't go unnoticed, thank you Ann!
How to be weird Cover yourself with a disgusting  banana peel THAT HAS BEEN LEFT IN THE SUN FOR 5 MINUTES. Well I mean I think that’s why they call it 5 minutes craft. Hahahah
I'm probably  going to get a lot of flak, but i'm ok with GMOs. We have created GMOs in the horticultural world to make the plants stronger and be much better. There is years of proof, much as there is with something like vaccinations or breeding in livestock, that shows the benefits of the out come.
Anyone else actually prefer spotted bananas? I dont like them when they‘re still completely yellow.
If people are against GMO’s then they should also boycott broccoli, carrots, cabbage, onions and tons more other vegetables. Everything we eat has been genetically modified in some way or another. The only difference is that the vegetables we’re used to weren’t modified with chemicals or whatever but were still modified through generations of selecting favourable traits in our fruits and vegetables, therefore being genetically modified, therefore people saying it’s bad are stupid.  Thank you for coming to my ted talk 👏
Please tell me you made banana bread with all those ripe bananas
26:15 we actually have a really good variety of banana types here in Brazil
Poor Dave 🤢
We would do the chocolate in the banana dessert in girl guides. However we would wrap them in foil and cook them in the coals from our camp fire. One of my favourite girl guides snack.
Is that a kitten I’m hearing in the background? 🐈‍⬛ 🐈
I usually wash fruits and veggies with salt and vinegar and they stay for long time in the fridge I don't know if it really helps or just a Coincidence 🤷🏻‍♀️
if people don't want to eat the non gmo bananas then another people will not  get the money they need to survive
Colossians 3:16✨ Let Wisdom dwell in you richly, teaching and admonishing all wisdom, singing psalms ,hymns and spiritual songs, with thankfulness in your hearts to God.   Go in peace and have a lovely day!✝️
About GMO: Humans have been modifying plants from the beginning. Almost any fruit or vegetable you can think of has been changed in some way (usually bigger with more sugars). The only difference is that it used to take decades or even hundred of years. With GMO the results are achieved within a couple of years.
The blow drier one was reversed
Natural doesn't mean good. Genetically modified doesn't mean bad.
what a waste of perfectly good bananas ;-;"
An Ann Reardon video on trending, this is a great day
Omg i wish you were one of my teachers back in school you explain everything perfectly 🙏🏻
I'm fairly certain every plant we eat is genetically modified to some degree. I'm now sure how the non-GMO train is still a thing.
I just love this special lady aka Ann!!!
Dave is the best. Always taking one for the team. I've heard banana peel noodles aren't bad.
From what it looked like, the beads that had been smeared with banana . . . whatever were slightly darker than the beads with no "sunscreen" on them whatsoever, which possibly suggests that rubbing a banana on your skin would make you even more likely to get sunburnt?
you don't need to do that with an aloe plant it will just grow by piece anyway
OMG NO!!!  you need to put some type of trypophobia warning in that big banana seeds    :´(
I don’t see what’s the big problem with GMOs. Sure it’s unnatural, but we wouldn’t be able to eat so much of our modern foods, like corn and watermelon, without it. If we can save lives with GMOs, I’d say go for it.
8:26 - But, let's cook it up and give to Dave to try. Me: Poor Dave!
I love how drastic Dave's change in expression was when Ann said the banana peel was "okay."
10:40 Dave’s public service announcement.   Too true Dave, too true...  😂
I personally don't mind genetically modified food as long it tastes good, and its sustainable for the environment and if helps people economically (ie when you mentioned how the modified banana plant would save crops and help the local economy of where they're grown). My view on genetically modified food is that people believe it to be bad because the media tells them it's bad with little to no context or evidence. I have yet to hear or find reasonable and sound evidence as to why its bad, it's more of a lot of Karen's wanting the organic product (which define organic, it's not like bananas are being 3D printed) because the marketing term sounds better than genetically modified.
my boyfriend also  always likes to eat bananas (peeled) with chocolate warmed in the microwave, so i think the thing from that greek video wasnt too odd
That was very interesting. Thanks for researching and sharing ☺️
bananas having seeds inside is just the weirdest thing ive seen so far, i never knew! its so interesting though
I knew wild bananas aren't edible. This came up in the debunking of Creationist videos which frequently make fur point that the banana is a sign of intelligent design because it's fully edible, wrapped, and easily opened by the hand. Scientist picks up wild banana, of which none of these things are true and it's mainly hard seeds, and says "This is a banana as Nature or God made it. You're looking at the banana agriculture made." A moment's thought would reveal that in natural fruit seeds are the major feature, and the monoculture of the cultivated banana is seedless.  That was a radical change, far more radical than a bit of careful gene-splicing. I think people do all sorts of scares about GM food, but it's done a lot to reduce poverty without releasing an unspecified plague (which we appear to have managed for ourselves because of the global village).
As a person from the Philippines, I'm so fortunate to have access to more than just one type of banana. I had Lakatan a few days ago, so delicious although a bit more expensive than the common Latundan. I miss eating those green skinned banana we called Baloy and my favorite Siñorita, small but very fragrant and sweet. I've not eaten those two in over a decade.  Also, I'm pro-GMO. As someone who lives in a less affluent country, we really don't have that privilege to whine about our food. What scientists and farmers are doing is to provide reliable food to everyone and not just a select few. If they have to genetically modify an organism to do that, then why complain? If people can find a better alternative to feed the masses, then let's do that, but atm, gmo is the more readily available method we have. People joke a lot about feeding random things to children in Africa but GMO and similar food technology are actually feeding a lot of people with cheap food.
As a child in the 70’s, many people wrapped a banana in foil and added chocolate and put under the ovens grill briefly until the chocolate melted and banana still somewhat firm. The banana was peeled and left in skin and those tint chocolate drops or other small or thin chocolate placed in the banana peel or poked in the banana and then all loosely wrapped in foil
I use those erasable pens when I'm sewing and I amazed my sisters by ironing away the marks on fabric
I love your channel 💕 I also wanted to say your nails in the uv bead clip are absolutely gorgeous
anyone else having issues with the audio?
I'm up for trying a different type of banana since I'm now allergic to bananas.
This was a very interesting video, thanks!  I take my over ripe bananas and I freeze them - either cut up in chunks for using in smoothies or whole for then making banana loaves.
The bananas we already eat are gmos aren’t they? They don’t have seeds because a natural variant was found that didn’t have seeds, and we mass produced them by grafting. Wouldn’t that make it a gmo?
BEEEEEEEEYYYYYYYYYYNNNNNNNNNNNN
BC had a similar thing with Hazelnuts a while back and the market is still struggling (I think), because all the hazelnut trees were so genetically similar and they all got sick with blight.
I'd love a whole video about how GMOs are good.
Nah... we do the banana in foil on the edge of the bonfire! The real Aussie/Kiwi way!
The banana with chocolate is an actual camping dessert, people often add marshmallows too. Wrap it in tinfoil and toss it in the fire.
i hope you make banana bread from all of that experiments lol
Comment if i Tricked you    Read more...
Wow- I thought those pics of the banana’s with seeds were click bait, and someone just inserted boba (tapioca pearls) into the bananas! But turns out they are real!
I live for these debunking videos. Thank you for taking the time and effort to do a lot of research, unlike some channels we know *cough* 5-min *cough* Love your videos!!!
Humans have been genetically modifying their food since we started farming.  It's called selective breeding.  That scientist has done the equivalent of cross breeding the cavendish banana with the breed that is resistant until he got the right random combination.  Except he's forced it to happen instead of waiting.  That's all.
The Banana + Chocolate is actually something (at least here in Israel) that is very common, except I know it as a camping treat. After stuffing the chocolate in the Banana you wrap it in aluminum foil and throw it in the ambers of your campfire for a few minutes (or on the stove if you're really craving it at home..) and it is DELICIOUS!  I grew up knowing it as "Banana Split" but I got laughed at when I introduced it as such in a group of international teens, so maybe someone else here knows it by a different name.. In any case -  try it like that, it's truly superb
GMOs are great!! People who hate GMOs are just ignorant.
Awesome topic and content and even awesome research and delivery by you and Dave, though would never expect less from you. I love those UV beads and will find some !! Most corn and soy is GMO and most naturopaths will recommend to avoid or have as a treat.  I love trying well known and unique fruits in different countries. Both mangoes and bananas are different in Sri Lanka and India and oh so yummy as well ❤️
"Even monkeys peel bananas" this needs to be a t-shirt.
Brilliant information Ann! Loving your content more and more! I check your channel every Friday just to make sure that i am not missing a single episode by mistake 🤣
People who are against GMO are dumb.
Can we get a Dave ASMR vid please where it is just a vid of Dave eating food
That cooked banana with chocolate thing was something we did as kids here!! Usually it was wrapped in tin foil and put on the coals of a campfire, and I think we put small marshmallows in there as well. I never liked it, but whenever I went to youth camps they would make em!
GMOs will save the world from starvation
Poor Dave... He's a legend!
Loved the banana lesson. Gmo in this case could be considered a positive because it’s preventing extinction and saving people’s livelihood.  On the other hand, maybe there’s a reason Mother Nature is killing the banana?  When it doubt, make banana bread.  :)
I love how you always sneak in a serious topic in these videos. Demystifying GMO's is important. They've always been a part of our diets via selection, but the public are so science adverse and getting more so by the year (the anti vaxx movement is a great example). We need education, better science comunication and more transparency. Especially because GMO's exist and could help and do help a lot of developing countries have food, and be self-sustaining. And if we start accepting GMO's and focus of transparency policies and regulating the market around them, we can actually do some good and keep awful companies like Monsanto in check.
Part of the problem with the plant leaf in the banana is that plant needs a node to grow roots unfortunately just the leaf will always rot
We got apple-bananas here in hawaii! They're really good, just a little smaller and a slightly different taste
Most sunscreens cause cancers as the chemicals stop Vitamin D which we need and also prevents cancers, and the chemicals enter our bloodstream. There are many fruits that when eaten and or applied to skin DO prevent skin burning.  Coconut Oil applied to skin is great, though does have a lower SPF but if reapplied works amazing !! https://thetruthaboutcancer.com/causes-of-skin-cancer/
One GMO that many people physically rely on is insulin. Diabetics would die if GMOs were completely removed from our society. Unfortunately I have a close family member who has no understanding about how GMOs work, and he donates to Greenpeace. It's such a shame. He's proud about how much of an atheist, his sensibility, and his understanding of science. Ann (if that's the right spelling), bless you for your hard work. It makes me glad knowing people care.
It's so nice to see a competent take on banana disease...  And as a thought, I just want people to understand that GMOs are safe, and their introduction into food and soil is regulated with biosafety protocols Just save the damn tasty 'nanas from extinction, that's all I'm asking
GMOs are great! Most GMOs allow the plants to not need pesticides, deal with worse weather, live in worse soil, and just produce better, more reliable food in worse conditions. The only time GMOs are bad is when companies use GMOs to make food that cannot reproduce, which forces farmers to re-buy seeds every year rather than just buying once. But that is a problem with capitalism, not GMOs.
I really don't get what the big deal with GMOs is. As far as I know, they're safe to eat, and save crops from sickness and pests. So I'm okay with them being used.  Anyway... references, for anyone who cares: [1] Article from National Geographic: https://www.nationalgeographic.com/culture/food/the-plate/2016/05/17/scientists-say-gmo-foods-are-safe-public-skepticism-remains/#:~:text=Genetically%2Dengineered%20crops%20are%20as,reduced%20the%20use%20of%20pesticides. [2] https://allianceforscience.cornell.edu/blog/2016/05/gmo-safety-debate-is-over/  - includes link to report cited in article: https://www.nap.edu/read/23395/chapter/1
With everything your husband eats, I'm sure he'll survive the apocalypse now thanks to you
Maybe you could debunk other videos by TheSoul Publishing or run through why they produce this type of content.
🍌
That microwaved banana chocolate is terrible. Why not just mash a banana and add cocoa powder. The texture of cooked ripe banana seem unappetizing and the waste of cooking it in its skin is just terrible.
I can see how all this banana nonsense could be inspired by the "chambre à raisins" conservation process. That process could keep fresh grapes for half a year way before refrigerators even existed.
But, wait... WHAT? When bananas have gone brown they've not gone bad, not at all. That's actually when they taste sweetest, and when they're extremely dark with the flesh all  soft they're ideal for banana bread. I seriously don't understand why anyone apart from supermarkets would want to stop bananas from going ripe...
i dont want the bananas to dissapear :(
What a waste of so many delicious bananas 😢
anti anti-gmo
Aren't all bananas technically genetically modified? Not necessarily in a lab, but cross breeding and cross pollination happen all the time in the wild. Such things would naturally modify the genetics.
Is the ethylene gas harmless to us if they trigger the process?
I have never seen a banana with seeds in it and I am so fascinated by it.
Trypophobia trigger warning @27:55 !
I love that you like do so much research to like not only debunk ideas, but also to give reason as to why you say what you say, AND to like give tips/instructions on what to actually do... idk if what I just said makes sense, though, cause I suck at explaining things/my thoughts XD
Fun and useful video! Just FYI the volume is really low in this one for some reason
We really appreciate you Ann. I personally love learning new things from your videos and you’re just such a lovely person, thank you :)
Omg! I literally did this exact banana experiment for my 5th grade science project.
I stand firmly pro GMO because as humans we are already destroying a lot of resources and GMOs are a way to atleast slow if not reverse resource usage.
Thank science for GMOs!
Gmo are ok
ive always wondered what that pepper thumbnail was about. thanks for demonstrating these tests! if you want to keep soft bananas for cooking, freezing them works well too.
My biology professor said that people who refuse to eat GMOs should just avoid wheat products, because they've been modified to have a larger number of chromosome pairs, making the grains bigger.
Lol I hate bananas and so does my friend
hi Ann, love your videos!!
The sounds at 24:40 is bugging my cat out. I think it's a bird? I hardly noticed till she climbed up on my boobs and shoved her face into my phone to see what she was hearing, which she's now upset because there was nothing lol. Love these videos, so informative and I love your cadence and delivery.
I know this is irrelevant but I just had the best orange I have ever had.
Is there anything humans eat that isn't genetically modified?
audio is too low
When I was in Sri Lanka in 1980, a friend took me to his brother's banana shop.   Think a small wooden shack  into which you could just fit 3 people  and thousands of bananas of at least forty different varieties.   They ranged from cooking bananas as long and thick as your arm to what  in Sri Lanka are called plantains - not the same as our plantain weed - that would fit in the palm of your hand.   The brother wanted me to try them ALL and in most Buddhist countries it's very rude to refuse a gift.   I could hardly walk!   Nowadays I confine myself to the five + varieties I find in Footscray, where both the large cooking bananas and the plantains are available.   I would never touch a boring Cavendish.  Perhaps Ann you could do a food tour of Footscray.  Don't forget the Century Eggs!  They are delicious!
That wild banana with seeds is going to haunt me. I don't usually have an issue with trypophobia but that one got me.
Bananas are BEST when the peel is brown and BLACK, amirite???!!!
The definition of a banana peel according to Dave:"The pack-ag-ing on the out-side of the food?" -Dave Reardon 2020 everybody 😂😂😂
I love how you explain the science behind it and not just stating random facts! Fan-girl here.
idea: put banana's in the wine fridge! (if you have one ofc)
She is Like the bill Nye of food
Not going to lie, as a scientist myself it is almost heartbreaking to hear how many people are against or frankly afraid of GMO when it comes to food. It could partially be due to the fact that scientists have long been in isolation in their ivory towers away from these discussions, away from policy. This allowed for so much fear-driven misinformation to be put out there, but I am hopeful that we will continue on the path of opening up these conversations and clearing up some of the ambiguity, so thank you Anne. Thank you Anne for including evidence based information on your channel. Research is a golden skill so many of us lack and it could be a key to a better future and seeing you might encourage or influence us viewers to hone in that skill. Without these diseases that are affecting crops world-wide, simply looking at how rapid the human population is growing and our food resources, a food shortage crisis is unavoidable. Opening the conversations more and more around GMO is the glimmer of hope we have to be more comfortable with where our futures are headed. Lots of love to you and your team, How To Cook That, keep up the good work.
GMO: Inserting that gene is just speeding up the cross breeding process humans have been using for thousands of years. How many generations of breeding Cavendish and that wild banana would it have taken to get something edible ANd resistant? So long as Monsanto's not involved I'm a-okay with this.
I love GMOs, but I don't love the comanies using GMOs to negatively affect smaller farms and force them to buy their seeds again year after year. GMOs themselves are helpful and really great!
I love how Dave is such a good sport! thank you dave for sacrificing your taste buds to us!
Ann: speaks softly Me: put's my PC volume up to 60 Ad: sWITCH tO BuiLT in CHromEBOOK  MY EARS
People are too weird about GMO crops.  They seem to think that people are putting deadly chemicals in them or something lol
I missed this series ! Thank you for creating another video.
That time lapse looks like modern art
The chocolate in banana thing is a classic where I'm from. Typically we'd wrap it in aluminium and put it on a grill or in an oven to cook it more slowly.
When we go camping sometimes we eat put chocolate in bananas and wrap them in foil and set them by the fire then eat them. Sometimes we add marshmallows or ice cream. I forget what its called tho. Also never seen someone do it in the microwave. 😳
Thanks for the information about the banana fungus; I had never heard about that before.  On the GMO question, I support GMOs.  Of course I want them to be carefully researched and tested to make sure there's no problems with consuming them, but I feel like a lot of the hatred for them comes from people who don't really understand them, and don't know how much variety there is in types of modifications.  This particular modification is a great example of something that will be a huge benefit to the world, but would make people freak out about GMO bananas in the grocery store without having a clue about any of the whats, hows, and whys.  I'm going to throw in a video link for someone trying the old Gros Michel banana, and comparing it to a Cavendish.  I found it really interesting. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NqLNNgyiJdY It'd also be super interesting if the genetic modification for the Cavendish could be applied to the Gros Michel too, and let that make a comeback.
I’m relieved to learn that there is a way to cave the Cavendish Banana. The Cavendish is genetically modified from the older varieties that were less tasty.
Ann is it still hot where you live? Also this is a really good science lesson.
I wish they tried this with the Michelle bananas too
As far as GMO goes, the sweet bananas we have eaten as far back as our grandparents were selectively bred (and later modified) to produce softer, sweeter flesh, smaller seeds, and be large and long. Natural bananas are much more like plantains or that horrifying thing (showed at the end). So in a way, all bananas are genetically modified already.
I would love to try a Gros Michel banana, since that's apparently what the 'banana flavour' we know and love in things like Milkshakes and lollies is based off. Looks like unless I plan to go to central America or maybe Mayalsia there's not much chance of that though!
GMO! Is there anything that was not modified, whether by man or nature, over the many years of Earth's existence?  Of course, GM-ing Os can be dangerous, if the modification was done with the intention to hurt humans. GMOs don't bother me.
GMO for the win!
but have you guys ever eat bananas with hot sauce tho?
soo many yummy bananas wasted, I'm sad 😔 (but nice video, thanks :))
I actually have a banana tree in my backyard and the first bunch ever my dad picked them too early so they died but the second he did right and they were so much better tasting because they had more sweet flavor
I would REALLY like to know what the purpose of that chili banana watermelon hack was.
Did I start hearing a kitten mew from minute 25?
Am i the only one hearing a cat meow at like 23:00-25:00?
Even if there was a pesticide that can treat the fungus I would much rather have a banana that's from a plant that can resist the virus than one that has been sprayed to death with pesticides; not only does it pose a risk to consumers but it makes the conditions so horrible for people working in the fields. People who are apprehensive of GMOs have never seen the amount of pesticides sprayed onto actual people and whole villages near the plantations or the real effects it has on those people and their families
Thank you for your very informative on bananas.
*he’s onto another fokin banana*  (please tell me someone gets this reference-)
The cooked banana with chocolate is a classic American scout campout treat similar to s'mores. You cut open the banana and stuff it with chocolate and mini marshmallows and then you wrap it in foil and put it the fire for a bit and volia! We called them Banana Boats
Oh Ann,  I was really hoping you'd mention 'bananadine.' Haha
Honestly the banana beads scene to change even more. But the 5-minute hack also said to use the outside of the peel but I think it was BS in either way
i love your war on fke info/youtube  videos i hope it works and takes down 5 mins crafts
Bananas are already genetically modified, which is why they are different from the seed-filled wild bananas.
The UV beads part was very informative and educational!
This / is a slash  This \ is a backslash
Eeeew, peeling them near the end they look like floppy grubs! 🤣🤣
I didn't even know there were bananas with seeds soo huge! It was freaky to see. I have tried what u called Cavendish bananas...? Not much a fan of it... okay not a fan at all. But, I have tried bananas that are local to my country and I love them. Sorry to thoes who love Cavendish Cavendish bananas! Didn't expect to learn soo much from a video about bananas and I love the video. Great job!
In concerns about the genetically modified foods you brought up, I believe the bananas we eat today are ALREADY genetically modified? Naturally occurring banana plants have these huge seeds in them (I think they’re toxic to humans, it’s been a while since I learned about this)- modern day bananas have to have been modified so the seeds wouldn’t be as big or toxic to us who are eating them- if anyone else knows more about this topic I’d like to know ^^
That poor man
Anyone who thinks that you can use banana as a sunblocker, should be awarded long-awaited Darwin award. We have to let the nature take its course with morons such as them.
The most important thing with GMOs is to prevent the exploitation of the people growing them as with any other food. Genetics being copywrited or trademarked present serious concerns like when farmers were sued for growing copywritten crops because of crosspollination from a neighboring field.  The true concern isn't the science and growing some sort of zombie plant, it's corporations using it as another tool to drag more capital out of a market.
For what i received i passed on to you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, that He was buried, that He was raised on the third day according to the scriptures  1 Corinthians 15 3   PS: "according to the Scriptures" - what the Apostle means is that Lord Jesus fulfilled prophecy's of the Prophets of God in Old Testament. There are like hundreds of Prophecies that Lord Jesus fulfilled, just look it up bruhs and gurls. God is our Father. He is the best of Fathers, the most lovable and merciful of fathers. Read the whole uncensored Bible that is Catholic(The Original) and  pray my friends. Wish you all well🙏amen🙏
If you want to keep your bananas fresh put them in a ziploc and suck all the air out. Inversely if you want them to ripen faster(aka for banana bread)  put them in a brown paper bag and close it up.
ann is every students' worst nightmare: someone who actually tracks down the cited sources
6:45 I think it’s because the sunscreen company is called “Banana Boat”
I learn so much watching these videos!! Love them!!! Keep them up please 😂
Love your channel and your videos, a very big hug from Gran Canaria in Spain.  I don't know if you are aware of this but, the bananas from the Canary Islands are recognised all around Europe. 👍👍👍🥰🥰🥰
I am just barely aware of what GMO foods entail, but I feel like if GMO foods can help curb starvation in sections of our earth where food is scarce and resources low, then perhaps it's not so bad, on the other hand, what if years from now it causes a person's body to become diseased or alters the way their body functions. We still don't know what causes cancer but there are so many theories. So then, what if GMO foods can cause harm to the human race? Are they still a viable food source? I prefer to have all foods labeled honestly and clearly so that the end user may determine whether they wish to use them or not
Loved the video, Ann! I also loved the concept of having a themed video like this. Almost made me feel like I was at a food science lecture; very interesting material 😁
I'm very pro-gmo. Most people just don't understand it, like gluten and keto. The bananas we eat are already genetically modified and are all genetic clones of each other. How else do we get completely seedless fruits? It's ironic how access to information has never been so easy and widespread, yet we're living in an era of misinformation.
I dont see much issue with GMO when done correctly
Poor dave.
Thank you Ann, I appreciate the time and effort it takes for you, and Dave, to produce such content. If I've never felt bad for Dave before, I did today. Sorry Dave.  Bananas are my favourite fruit and we put them in the fridge to slow the ripening process. I don't understand why people who buy greenish bananas let them go bad. It triggers me when people want to throw out bananas that are just speckled.
banane
GMO can be problematic, but not because of the actual genes being modified. Since the modified plants are much more resistant it needs to be sterile to not spread uncontrollably. It also gives the producing companies the advantage of farmers needing to purchase new seeds. The producers also have the possibility to make a pesticide that pretty much needs to be used with the plants, all of this gives them too much control and advantages over the farmers, and that's usually problematic.
The problem I have with GMOs is that when people mess around with genes, it often has unintended consequences. It creates new proteins humans have never eaten before, for one thing (and there is a theory that this may be one cause of the rise in food allergies around the world). The biodiversity of the planet is part of what keeps it healthy, and GMOs are threatening that.  The problem with the fungus is not bad genes in one kind of banana, it's monoculture...growing only one kind of banana everywhere.  If they grew more kinds of bananas, grew other crops amongst the bannans, etc., it wouldn't be possible for a disease to take them all out.
This was the first banana video I have ever seen by you.  it was kind of cool 😎.  Do banana 🍌 cupcakes 🧁!!!!!!
I dont know about sunburn, but banana peel does help with super itchy mosquito bites (I did it on instinct once, because it was all I had, and then looked it up later when it worked).
What I've learned from these videos you judge is how much food these people are wasting for absolutely no reason whatsoever
These people are downright dangerous.  Why hasn't YT removed them from the platform?
The amount of misinformation and fear-mongering out there on GMOs is staggering. Would be super interesting if you could talk about it in a video :D
Trending!!!!
You're incredible, thank you for all the information you give us.
Am in love with Dave’s hair cut
Putting a banana on the grill with some chocolate inside is actually delicious! But just briefly to the point where the chocolate melts.  I've actually seen the top of bananas being wrapped in the supermarket sometimes! My theory is that it has something to do with handling, cause I really doubt they would spend labour and resources without it giving some effect.
Somehow I still would like you to try without ”control” ones being in the same room. It is kinda pointless debunking something working or not based on ”knowing” it don’t and throwing the actually theory out the window. You are supposed to isolate other factors, you again Did Not as you were so certain the theory was false.  It is just plain annoying you even calling it test, a waste of time really.  I think I’m mostly annoyed because I’ve actually tried wrapping the top and they did stay fresh longer than they usually do. Addmittedly maybe I was just ”lucky” several times, but still. I think it has more to do with the banana being more exposed to everything in the air on the top where it is broken off and covering it lowers the exposure.  It is like reverse of how certain fruits helps others ripen Quicker.
I'll just... um... go take the plastic off my bananas. 😅  Also, for those interested, Emmymadeinjapan made a video where she sampled several different banana varieties that were provided by folks at Miami Fruit. There are also some interesting comments.  It's important to realize that not only does the Gros Michel still exist, there are other varieties of *edible* (i.e. without gigantic seeds) bananas as well, but they aren't sold to the general public in the US. You will occasionally see some of the stumpy bananas in US grocery stores, which are more common in Middle and South America.  Taste test starts around 6:10. https://youtu.be/fnTZijQp57E
Uhhh doesn't everyone have banana and chocolate?? Normal I do it wrapped in foil on the BBQ, delicious!
I wonder what happens when you submerge a banana in water, or keep a fan on it constantly?!?! Would that slow down the ripening process?
I have those beads
GMOs are good and fine and most people who're against them are misinformed
I've always wanted to try that original type of banana we used to have.
The wild banana looks SO WEIRD I wasn’t expecting that at all!!!
Even though you don’t post as much as the channels you debunk... haha..... I stay til the end and go through a how to cook that rabbit hole🕳lol
Pugs and peas are all GMOs and people dont have a problem with those. People problem with GMOs are all from fear mongering documents
Omg that Greek crossover 😍 greetings from Greece Ann, I love your videos ❤️
Science will out! Sign me up for GMO bananas.
*_25:19_**_ So were naming Diseases, Virus, Flu and etc from where they came, But Sars, Covid, and the other corona strands aren't named on any chinese places or the country itself._*
12:45 oh the deception! The betrayal! Man, you deceived me! -terry cruise
Hey Ann, I am greek and I've been watching your videos for more than 3 years!  I got so excited when you chose greece! I hope to meet you or just talk to you sometime!!  Have a great one and take care❤
"Even monkeys peel bananas." 🤣
my take on GMOs...      substantial amount of our dna is the way it is because of horizontal gene transfer. a virus doesn't go through research and development, it just does what it does (and endogenous retroviruses for instance, although very fascinating from an evolutionary standpoint, can and do sometimes cause diseases).          at least with genetic engineering, we have the scientific method to investigate whether or not the changes will be detrimental. "GMO" shouldn't be a bad word, and i believe the technologies of genetic engineering will solve many problems.       there might be drawbacks; i don't know much about the lasting effects of round-up, but i certainly am wary of monocropping and massive amounts of pesticides on things, often very pervasive in the environments outside of conventional farms but i don't think we should blame round-up ready plants for pesticide overuse/ misuse, and i don't think we can flat- out poopoo GMOs because of this.  semi-coherent rambling? over.
Love your channel. Just wanted to say, humans have been genetically modifying our food since long before we knew what genetics is. Anytime a plant or animal is considered to be "purebred," it is genetically modified. Genetic modification is the selecting of traits we want  over the ones we don't, and we've been doing since the human race transitioned from hunter/gatherers to farmers/herders. This is basically my long-winded way of saying, no food is "non-GMO," and if there is a way to save BANANAS, go for it!
Banana PhD
14:14 this is a banana boat! In the summertime, I used to make these! Pretty much, you put chocolate chips in a banana by cutting it open, wrap the banana in tinfoil, put it in the campfire and wait a little bit. Unwrap it and bam.
the audio is so lowww
About GMOs, I'll cite the headline of an article by the Genetic Literacy Project which has gone viral a few times: 'The more biotech science you know, the less you fear GMO crops, study finds'
I wish I had a banana tree lol,
Maybe just one example for the spreading of misinformation unrelated to food: Here in Germany there are some people who are unhappy with the measurements being taken against the spread of Covid-19 and they don't trust anything the government says, some even claim that there is no pandemic. Recently a court in Lisbon decided that it was illegal to keep a couple of German tourists in quarantine on the basis of a positive Covid-19-test. The Portuguese judges argued that PCR-tests were unreliable and thus could not be the basis for restrictions of certain right like free movement. Somehow the information about the case came to Germany and the special media that the corona-critical people consume. They went completely nuts. They thought that finally they got official recognition that the whole pandemic is a sham. What those conspiracy websites did not tell their readers however is that the court ruling in Lisbon caused a massive reaction in Portugal itself. The whole scientific and medical Portuguese community condemned the ruling and said that the judges misinterpreted the two studies on which they based their judgement (they studied law not medicine after all). The scientists confirmed that yes, PCR-tests are valid and very useful to determine whether a person is infected with Covid-19. This vital part of the Portuguese debate never made it to the German public and thus this twisted half-version poisons the debate by critics spreading the false conclusions of the judges in Lisbon completely disregarding the scientific expertise. Misinformation and disinformation are a huge threat to democracy and we need to take it very seriously!
There's so much debate about GMOs and I think part of the conflict comes from them being lumped together as one homogeneous group. People tend to fall into the "GMOs are always bad" group or the "GMOs are the best thing ever group." But we should really look at them individually and also look at who is responsible for producing them. Some GMOs are awesome and will provide huge benefits to food production and nutrition around the world. Some are very concerning and may increase pesticide usage. And some of the things that corporations are doing with them are very shady (such as practically forcing growers to buy dicamba-resistant crops to prevent their fields from being wiped out). It's a complex issue.
Ann Debunks everything with proof: Trump Supporters: fake news
daves sacrifices will be remembered
Where did you find the UV beads? I had a melanoma diagnosis last year (was 31 at the time) and I'd love to use these with my students to demonstrate how dangerous the sun can be!
Does dave know when the food is for a video and when it's safe to eat it or is he always afraid, your food could be part of a "food hack" video? 😂
Damnnit why did it have to be greek channels XD. The one time I saw my country being mentioned in a while and this was it lmao
that scientist is saving lives. the fact that anyone was able to figure out how to prevent tr4 infection makes me all emotional.
The thing that I love about these kinds of debunking videos is that it goes beyond just shaming content farms (which is always fun), but also actually explains where the initial ideas came from and why they may or may not work.
Did you know that bananas are 50% similar to our DNA
Cooked bananas arent good?! So no banana bread or fried plantains? xD haha they are SO GOOD cooked
Heating up a banana with chocolate in it is a classic, did it once during a bbq though wrapping it up in tin foil(?) first.  Or as I just do it: scoop out the inside into a bowl, add dark chocolate on top, microwave it a little so the chocolate melts. Then blend together with a spoon and voilà kinda a goey brownie. Easy snack that felt a bit healthier.
So...it's a hybrid, just go with that and no one will complain. It's all about appealing to first world problem whiners.  Great job on the video! I genuinely just clicked for entertainments sake and came away with so much knew information and curiosity!
Best way to not get sun burnt is to not go outside😂
Ann your hair looks FABULOUS!
Can't we change gros michel in the same way so we can also have those again?
Next time you eat a plant, any plant, you are eating a GMO.  The longer the plant has been eaten, the more genetically modified it is.
The Website shown at 17:08 is from my university in Hamburg, Germany! I realized it looked quite similar and had to have a closer look! Quite funny 😅😊
Where is simplynailogical
Love to see the truth!!!!
well on the one hand the genetically modified banana would prevent the banana farmers from losing their income and one of their primary sources of nutrition. but on the other GMO is very dangerous an unhealthy because my yoga instructor who is very well researched on 5G topics told me so. so it's impossible to say if it's good or not :(
So when I was growing up, I watched Lamb Chop's Play-a-long. I couldn't help but think about the pre-sliced banana skit. https://youtu.be/f_nPmROXbNA
As if bananas aren't already immensely modified genetically just to get them edible. You think they're naturally seedless without any weird genetics or breeding practices?
She probably made so much banana bread after this video
Gimme all the GMOS and the vaccines, thanks Science!
I adore gmo. It´s better for the planet, and it is a thing that humans have been doing for years.
I'm actually surprised to get the advice to store banana's in fridges at around 3 degrees C. I have been told, and experienced first hand that the banana flavour will go and the banana's become very bland in a week or so.
That photo of the disease-resistant wild banana and its big black seeds is so upsetting it triggered my fight or flight response
I feel like Dave could survive anything since he can survive 5 minute craft food
Honestly, if you're dumb enough to rub a banana on your face for sunblock you deserve sunburn
I’m addicted to these I hope this series never ends
Wow this is on the trending page
Like sure you can make bad GMOs but assuming it's a productive good GMO then the problem lies AROUND GMOs like profit seeking companies and other things that would undermine small growers.
Personally, i hate bananas, my family however love bananas and shall all be sent this video individually
GMO's are great. You can not say otherwise and claim to like apples, corn, strawberries etc... I grow the true species of strawberries one might find in the wild. Despite having a large patch of them they almost never bare fruit and when they do they're the size of pea. Wild Plums are great but good luck picking a ripe one; they change color, look fantastic.... but how they look has nothing to do with whether the fruit is ripe or not. They're also only about the size of a golf ball with much of that being the stone-like seed in the middle. I would never plant them again and am all for modern cultivars. Lots of other plants have similar issues and being bread into something more desirable is largely a good thing we should welcome in a changing world.   Michael Pollan's book "The Omnivore’s Dilemma" let me kind of horrified with the term "Organic" and everything that it means, at least here in the U.S.
We need more of this. Fake news is getting on my nerves
Do you have a bird? I hear one in the background around @25:00. If so what kind?
If you are trying to find the content of old links visit the internet archive.   They've archived billions of web pages over the years,  and you have a good chance of. finding these original article.
That microwaved banana is a classic staple of just about every kids campfire/late evening barbecue party in the UK where the cooking was half just wrapping things in foil and stuffing it into the glowing embers of the bonfire.  You cut into a banana, insert some chocolate and wrap it in tinfoil then chuck it in the embers. Its hot, sugary and chocolatey (very good on evenings where a bonfire is necessary) and the banana skin helps keep it from getting everywhere when you unwrap the foil. Its unusual and you normally have one then stick to roasted marshmallows for every time afterwards.  Except the microwave bit just removes any of the reasoning behind having it in the first place. You know - weird food cooked in fire is fun. And when its cold you find any hot food is that much more tasty.
We have winter, 0°C and you wear sun cream, 😆
from five minutes crafts to five minutes craps 😂
That was a 28 minute video! I can only imagine how much time and energy it was to edit this video for us. Thanks Ann! Btw it did not seem like a longer video. It went by so fast
she will smell so bad with the banane in her face boiling  in the sun XD
Dave is the most fortunate and unfortunate man on Earth.
13:10 well that's the sweetest way I've been told sike
Thank you for your work from France !
Trypophobia warning at the end for anyone when she's showing banana seeds, I feel like I'm going to be sick :(
I know that this isn't the take away from the video, but why would you paint a banana yellow to stop it from going brown. I mean it works it does stop it from going brown but it just makes no sense.
I live in Brazil and here we have many different kinds of bananas. Easily in the market you can find  banana "nanica" (Cavendish), "maçã" (apple banana, with a slight  sour taste) prata (silver banana, which grows very tall). Banana da terra is a variety to be eaten cooked, fried and makes a delicious purée.  We have also the banana ouro (golden banana), a delicacy, small and very, very sweet, my favourite. I have Cavendish and banana-ouro in my garden, so I can let them ripe naturally. Now I know why hey taste so much better than the ones from the supermarket!
Makes no sense for ppl to be anti genetic-modified plants\fruits\etc because literaly all our common planted food are results of genetic multation and cross breadings to make them edible and to have more flesh\juice or less bitter, less sour
Just opened a channel if any one wants to go check it out!!!
There is nothing wrong with GMOs. It is a term used as a scapegoat for unsustainable agriculture practices like monoculture. Banana plantations, corn fields, palm plantations, coffee, cacao, tea, beef, etc are more detrimental to the environmemt than a GMO. There are more sustainable options - coffee grown in shade, beef raised locally, avoiding products with palm oil. I will never have freshly ripened bananas unless i live somewhere tropical, and that's probably for the best - i love bananas. I found a grower in Hawaii that grows several varieties of bananas and I had no idea so many types existed. Small, big, red, tall, short...
Guys- banana smore's exist and they are really good! We make them when we go camping. All you do is take a banana, slice it open, stuff it with mini chocolate chips and mini marshmallows, wrap them in foil and put it in the fire for ~20 min (flip once). The sugar in the marshmallows caramelize the banana and the chocolate adds a great sweetness.
I wonder how much banana bread was made after this episode?
I love how you really do your research and teach us stuff, i appreciate that so much! I love watching your debunking videos because we won't just hear "that doesn't work...look! because when i tried it it didn't. work", you really try different ways to make it work even though you know it won't work and then you explain why there is no possibility to make it work or you teach the right way to do it   please keep on making these videos, i am very okay with waiting a long time to get a really good video! please stay safe and healthy <3
funny enough - over here putting chocolate in a banana and then roasting it in a tinfoil on a fire is quite common
I feel as though not everyone knows what GMO is. Of course I haven't done extensive research, but just watching a Bill Nye video on GMO it sheds some light on it. I know that GMO isn't always the best, but if the right people got into doing GMO we could do some great things with it. Like with the bananas that have been made resistant to this fungal infection.
about the end: lots of people confuse GMOs (genetically modified) with Growth Hormones that were used in meat production. if we didnt have modified genetics, we wouldnt have edible sweet corn or huge watermelons. and when they modify plants like that, people like to picture an evil scientist with a huge syringe, when really hes most likely taking a cutting off one plant and splicing it onto another one with a rubber band until it grows. its deceivingly simple. so yeah, GMOs are one of the best things to ever happen to food and even more so if it can save entire plantations that take up huge majorities of export in central and south america and the rest of the world. i really appreciate it being brought up here in such a nice way!
This video is ridiculously quiet, Ann :(
in my opinion GMOs aren't really the problem and the same people who are against GMOs aren't against using products made from transgenic organisms like insulin, antibiotics or even drinking milk because the meaning GMO stands for any organism that has been geneticly altered whether in a lab or selective breeding and modern cows of most breeds have been heavily bred to produce higher amounts of A1 beta casine which causes inflammation alongside other issues. but the stigma towards GMOs comes from the fact that most gm crop orchards use a type of weedkiller called glyphosate which has studies showing that it's a carcinogen however if a GM farm decides to not use weedkillers or use glyphosate.
I love how she demonstrated NordVPN and used it in her investigation for the Banana hacks. It really shows how useful a VPN in Greece can be.
Ann, I’ve been watching your channel for years and I just have to say-I adore your content and your family! One of my favorite channels since I discovered it. Thank you !
If he can fix the Cavendish, can he fix the Gros Michel also?
gmo good. the big companies built around it bad. copyrighting genes shouldn't be legal.
GMOs don't upset me as much as corporations owning patents to GMOs frightens me.
The reason most banana flavored candies don't taste like banana like we're used to is because they are flavored to taste like the old breed of banana that was the most popular before being almost completely wiped out by that fungus. The old breed isn't currently commercially viable due to the fungus, but I don't think it was completely wiped out, it'd be interesting to see if that breed could also be revived using the wild banana genes and if we could see the commercial return of a banana that tastes like banana candy
I don't care if a fruit or vegetable is GMO. Humanity consumed GMOs for thousands of years. Now they are lab made GMOs, that is the only difference. Plus, GMOs today take a shorter time to be created.
GMOs in and of themselves are not bad. However, like most things, capitalism has a tendency to exploit it. For example, this modified banana might help solve a lot of food issues, but if the only person you can but seeds from is Monsanto, then they have created a monopoly (as you cant go back to the old ones due to new machines only working with the GMO version).
So has anyone pointed out the banana beads where darker
This is a weird request but I can't be a Patreon soooo.. can you do a video that's mostly ads because I want to support you
This video includes paid promotions
Am i going crazy or is there a bird making a sound in the background @ 24:14
Time to make banana bread 😂
That lasts https://youtu.be/pJg11nj0VlQ
I am Greek, to be honest i get so excited when i hear greek on videos of YouTubers i follow
Are we just gonna ignore Ann’s beautiful writing?
"Even monkeys peel banana" 🤣 I loved that sentence.
Put the bananas in the plastic bag then put them in the fridge My genius is sometimes.. frightening
Steaming the right kind of banana gives you the one of the best healthy breakfast/snack, which you cant do with the ones you get in the states.
imo GMOs can be a good thing but from the farms I've visited, specially in brasil where we live off of exports and large-scale farms, the trouble with them is that the seeds are controlled by these large-scale producers and the smaller ones basically have to pay way too much for the plants and can't compete, and are forced out of the business or to rent out their land to large agro-industrial corporations.  These banana producers you've shown in the video aren't great for the locals, the employment they generate is low-pay and has terrible conditions and the food shortage could be avoided by diversifying local production in smaller scale instead of having massive amounts of land dedicated to only bananas... Those are my two cents  Obviously GMOs could really help out with exporting bananas so they are good for the people who like buying them at the store and the large producers make a profit, more than the people who plant them themselves
The chocolate bananas are similar to a classic bbq dessert we have in some families in the uk! Cut a slit in the banana, pop in chocolate buttons, wrap in foil and cook on the bbq.. delicious! Some people also add cream or mascarpone
Avoiding GMOs is ridiculous in my opinion. Genetic modification allows for increased yield most of the time so less farmland is needed and it's easier on the farmers to come up with the supply. Doesn't really sound that bad
I think the problem with GMOs is that they have the potential to do a lot of bad (ex. Monsanto, which is luckily no longer in existence). Even though their practical applications are really useful (ex. golden rice), people's first impressions were of their negative aspects, which has damaged their reputation ever since.
banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana banana
Really loved this vid!!  I love the debunking but everything just flowed in this video - even your nails looked amazing!!  Plus learning about how bananas get to us and that GMO can save our banana plantations.   People hear GM and get worried that scientists are filling us full of toad genes and its really not like that.  GM can help grow crops in arid conditions and help feed our ever increasing population.   The only thing I have against it is that a lot of it is in the hands of greedy corporations who aren't really thinking about anything other than their bottom lines.
now i just feel sorry for those poor bananas 😕 they could've been eaten
Someone should count how many times Ann said 'banana'.
Me and my mum always find these fascinating. My mum finds Dave’s sacrifices particularly funny
Its funny you are saying that the wrong information spread even to Greece, meaning so far away...and here in Greece when you want to say a country is really far ,we usually refer to Australia 😂😂😂
Blossom/5 Minute Crafts/The other content farm's OBSESSION with clingfilm, and any disposable plastic honestly stresses me out.
In high school I took an environmental science class where we had a huge debate on GMOs. The biggest concern to have about GMOs in plants is that there is less genetic diversity in them. A disease could easily sweep through the area where genetically modified plants are grown and wipe them out. Despite this, our class agreed that plant GMOs were not that bad because they help economies, food shortages, etc.
That's bananas!
I definitely think it's true that fruit placed in a paper bag ripens more quickly and often more completely. Whether that's due to the gas or another factor, I don't know. Would love you to revisit this question.
We are all genetically modified organisms. Our DNA is modified by our environment. Please look to scientific articles about GMOs and don’t simply follow the trend
Poor Dave
lol, before you gave Dave the sandwich, my husband exclaimed, "Oh Poor Dave!!" lol. GMO have been part of life since people have been on a quest to modify food sources to last.  It isn't a new concept.  Many GMO products have been most beneficial to places that have bad weather conditions to grow viable crops.
Omg I thought that the “zombie banana” was just the footage backward since you can heat bananas in the oven to ripen them quickly but nope! Erasable ink!
Me (I'm 11): Bananas are disgusting and are easily the most hated fruit in the W O R L D Me after watching the beginning: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HOW COULD THIS BE POSSIBLE Ann: It could wipe out bananas as we know it Me: YESSSSSSSSSSSS THE GODS HAVE LISTENED TO ME Ann: It could be bad for the people who grow it Me: **visibly guilty**
Yeah, if people are going to get upset about putting a gene in bananas to avoid food shortages but aren't going to get upset about the mutant that is the concept of the modern banana itself, then I don't even know where to start haha
I know this isn't at all related to the video and that maybe you won't ever read it but, I was having such a hard and difficult day until I stumble upon your video. Something about your voice and how you manage all that false information with such calm and even humor was just too soothing and calming. It even made me laugh a little (even tho I was crying). I guess what I'm trying to say is just; thank you for bringing light into my dark-ish day. I really appreciate it. And also that I love your debunking videos  ❤️
Learned the chocolate in banana thing at girlscouts, we put them on a Rack over the campfire though
Dave is my hero. I can't even get my husband to eat rice or pasta. If anyone wants to keep bananas from getting off i suggest you eat it.
Ugh why doesn’t YouTube ever tell me when you post a video??
I really enjoyed your videos👏👏👏 you are very nice couples. 😊
No one is fascinated by her handwriting!?
It tastes saucy. Ohh saucy baby!  Umm Im NoT sUre WhAt iM eAtIng
I'm disappointed she didn't talk about organic bananas. From what I understand they are not sprayed with ethylene.  In my area, organic bananas are often sold in plastic bags.  I've been told this is to capture the ethylene to make them naturally ripen.  I wonder if using organic bananas would make any difference in these experiments.
This gmo question is so interesting. To be honest, before this video I was quiet sure that I’m against it. But this is a point where I can’t get my head around what would be right. I will definitely think about it. Maybe I come back and share my thoughts. 😉
Being GMO means NOTHING. Plants have been genetically modified for hundreds of years. It's how we got the type of banana we have right now, the Cavendish. How do you think it went from having all the big seeds in it to how it is now? Plants are modified all the time to change how they taste, how they look, and many other factors.  It's ridiculous that it's even a thing!
I'm not a fan of GMOs in general just because the ling term effects especially in our gut microbiota haven't been studied, but between no bananas and GMO bananas, I'll take the GMOs
Hey, I got one. What do you call a food hack that's actually been proven to work?   *A recipe.*
is it just my 3 am brain or does she look like Shawn Mendes?
How to actually ripe raw fruits(bananas, mangos): Put them in a plastic bag with a large onion and keep it there for a week, and it makes raw fruits good. I actually use this hack for mangos and tomatoes, and works all the time! The mangos are perfectly yellow in about 10 days
Or you could just let them ripen and make banana bread.
Am i the only  one who hears a cat at the end of the video and spent 20 minutes looking for a cat in the yard?
Lifehack: maybe just not buy a metric ton of bananas and just get a few, like the amount you're actually gonna eat in the next day or two. Just eat the damn banana before they go bad
Ann you really need to get a couple of acoustic panels to take care of that reverb
As a chemistry college student im kinda angered that there is ethylene being said in studies. Cause that is not a proper chemical name for a substance with carbon and hydrogen atoms. If it was ethyl propene or ethyn. That or they mean ethyl ethene but that is not possible cause that would just be butene
I don’t know how I believe all of these videos these debunking videos   Really help  like if you want her to do more👇👇😽
I used to eat those chocolate cooked bananas at BBQs and it tastes great!
You so totally rock!
That wild banana looks so freaky 😳😳😳😳
The wrap wasted trying to keep the banana from going bad is a waste of money itself. You can get Bananas here in Louisiana for about 15 cents so wrapping plastic around them cost more than the banana.
Dave´s "Even MONKEYS peel bananas" is gold.
Chocolate chunks melted in a banana is totally a thing in Sweden! We wrap it all up in aluminium foil and cook it in a campfire, though. Excellent outdoor dessert!
In my opinion, genetic modification of organisms is a totally useful and save tool to solve problems. What you change in the organisms and with which purpose is a completely different question. It should much more important to discuss each GMO project individually instead of GMOs in general. On one hand, there are plants which where genetically modified in a way that they grow with less water or that they are resistant against larvae, so you do not need to apply insecticides. On the other, there are herbicide resistant GMOs and I personally find the idea behind this not very sustainable, thinking of the soils and the environment loaded with herbicides. It's just not compable.
I would rather not sit in the sun rather than put banana in my skin !! The idea itself is disgusting even if it as they say “ it works “ .....
Canada Safeway it wrap tip of banana of only organic bananas.
If you like bananas then you will eat the new gmo bananas.
Is that pulled banana recipe the same one Julien tried out on his channel? oh gosh I remember that nonsense aha
Excellent! Who knew I'd be interested in bananas for half an hour! 🇬🇧 Thanks
First off, i really like that when you make your videos, you often also talk about a serious topic, and especially that those topics are also some that are not talked about often. I did not know about this banana disease, but i am happy to hear about it. As for gmo's i think that often in food secure areas there is a tendency to not understand how desperately poorer peoples need crops that are safe from disease or have been gmo'd to have a specific vitamin or what ever. I think that comunities who are not close the food production, overlook what goes into producing it and how important it can be to the people who produce it, because those comunities can just get another brand of food.  I do think that it is important to be quite cautious, because we do not want to unleash a plant that is harmful to its environment, but i dont think that genetically modifying a plant in it self is bad, and it seems like if this banana plant is non harmful to its environment then it would be amazing.
I think a lot of people would be surprised to know that even “organic” foods are based off of their GMO counterpart. Organic just means how it’s being treated but the seed itself has been modified to grow an “ideal” food.
I love it when you explain things and really dig deep into the topic! I would very much enjoy a food science series or some kind of informational series where you debunk food myths.
People who are against GMO are ridiculous. They seem to be under the misconception that GMO foods are somehow bad for you or have less nutritional content than non-GMO foods even though there is absolutely no evidence to support that. Genetic modification is important because it's what keeps crops alive and their yield high. We've done this for literal centuries through cross-breeding and only recently have developed a faster method by irradiating seeds to induce mutations in the plants and then cross-breeding the ones that gain beneficial mutations. In fact, you could say that bananas even as they are now are technically genetically modified, since they were bred to have tiny seeds as opposed to wild bananas which have huge seeds.
Loved this!!
You know something Ann. I've watched you when cooking/baking channels blew up a couple of years ago and seeing how your channel has become - I love it even more. I'm love learning new things from you 😊
Thank you Ann for wasting your $ and not mine. Greatly appreciated 😘
I love the topic on GMO fruits and veggies. If it wasn’t for GMO processes, we wouldn’t have corn. Banana’s have been hybridized for generations to get the right breed we know and love today. If you love bananas, you will have to deal with GMO. Otherwise we will never see them again. There are so many plants that are going extinct due to a single disease. Chestnuts, for example, are limited to a very small number of breeds left because of chestnut blight. Your Christmas chestnut roasting will be no more! Without modification, an entire specie of plants will be wiped out and  in a few generations, they will only have photos of a chestnut the emoji chestnut 🌰. I personally have never seen a real one in life because the breeds alive today only thrive in specific locations and are under constant threat from disease. Potatoes too- remember that famine? Oof
The thing with chocolate bananas is you need to just slit it and put in the chocolate, wrap it in foil and it's amazing. Or maybe I just like cooked banana ._.
You can make vegan bacon from banana peels! It won’t taste like bacon but it’s similar flavoring!
That man is so wrong. I love cooked bananas.
Not sure what's available there, as I am in the USA but we have different banana varieties in Mexican and Asian grocery stores...burro especially are good, and manzano, Thai, red bananas, I even read about one that has blue skin and tastes like vanilla ice cream.   There are a lot of edible banana varieties out there that don't really get exported as far.  I hope more become available and that you can find some where you live!
Amazing info Jazak Allah Khair kaseeran
I think they looked like scallion roots they attached to the aloe plant! I saw someone try the banana peel pulled pork and they said it was awful!!!!
Honestly i dont see the problem with genetically modifying things for the sake of not wiping out an entire food basically from being able to exist in the world
Hey Ann, it was really fun seeing you "visiting" my country Greece! Thank you for giving us all this information about bananas.
I think people's skepticism towards GMOs is misplaced but it comes from a place of distrust in large corporations which is well-founded.
Crazy! 28 minutes and I watched it all, such a good channel.
That chocolate in banana thing is great in an oven for a quick dessert ^_^
Am I the only person who prefers bananas while they are still green? Is it strange?
How does Ann survive looking at the stupidity that is 5 Minute Crafts
I think its fine if we genetically modify them because otherwise no "normal" bananas
What waste of food use soil FFS.
"Bananas are the world's favorite fruit" Popular enough to fight a wars and install dictatorships over between 1898 and 1934, apparently
That is a good example of genetic manipulation
Anne out here doing the lord's work, taking down and debunking false and dangerous facts 😔🤌
Love your videos and your approach to topics!
I'll never understand people throwing out bananas when they start to get brown-ish... like wtf? it's perfectly good to eat and has even better/deeper banana flavour... and even if you're grossed out if they get a bit soft, you can still bake something with them, use them on pancakes, smoothies and all sort of things... smh
The only GMO I'm against is Monsanto making their crops sterile, in order to make farmers dependend on them.  Crop sterility is also a part of the problem as to why this fungus keeps wiping out the bananas. Because the seeds have been bred/modified out of the plant, the only way to farm new trees is by taking cuts, which essentially makes a clone of that tree. So you don't have any variety when it comes to plants. They all have the same strenghts and weaknesses.
i hate bananas so much.... only fruit I can not stand.
Panama disease and Panama papers....things that as a panamenian I'm not proud of 😪. Aside from that, I'm happy that scientists are looking for a way to help the banana workers with the issue of the bananas since that is the main source of income for many in that region of Panama and it is one of the fruits most popular everywhere and would be a shame if the fruit dissapears like the other bananas. And thats why I'm pro GMO.
Welp after seeing this... WE STAN
Bananer. Lol
In our family we love to put these chocolate filled bananas on the grill 🤩 I really like this hot consistency 😅
I was always taught bananas taste better once they've browned a bit so... I think all this is silly.  Why stop the natural process?  But, people are funny: They live in a plastic world where bananas on TV are eaten when they are still under-ripe... so, that's the way they do it.  ??  Go figure.  You did a really good job of showing all the banana-hacks that don't work.  Thanks!    BTW, the sound was way down from normal.  I could barely hear you even when I turned the volume way up.  I had just been watching the latest, scathing commentary on Trump-a-Dump and that was fine so I don't think it was my computer.
Wow! This is bananas! (Sorry)
I'm pro GMO. Genetically modified foods are just the next step in the cultivation process humans have been doing for thousands of years. Eating GMO foods isn't dangerous and there is so much mis-information and fear mongering around them.
Now I’m feeling like I have a PhD in banana experiments after watching this video
Is it true that banana flavoured sweets don’t taste like bananas as they were formulated to taste like the old grid michel, not the modern cavendish ones?
I’ve lived in the Philippines and there’s a huge variety of bananas-the one that’s been shown in this video is called “American” or “Dole“, and is grown for export. This is my least favorite banana. There are so many others that taste so much better!!
Banana boats (filled with chocolate and heated) are normally campfire food, not microwaved - that's why you cook the banana. Other things to add in: peanut butter, marshmallows, strawberries, butterscotch chips, etc.
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates♥️Non-Duality
Translation from the greek part: In a very.... excited voice: "Look how the chocolate has become - it goes and melts with the banana-" Dave doesn't like that, but she sure does
Is it just me, or does the banana smeared UVB beads look even darker in color?
I always question what I'm told and make sure to do my own research and I enjoy how easy it is to look up what you claim and find evidence to back it.
Bring on the GMO bananas!!
Personally I don't think there is anything wrong with GMOs unless it wipes out or outcompetes the original organism. Humans have been 'genetically modifying' our environment since the dawn of agriculture with selective breeding, so direct gene modification is just the next step. Additionally, DNA naturally undergoes mutations and changes.   Genetic modification is just increased human control and will likely be the way of the future - especially with things like Panama disease!
*no bananas were harmed in the making of this video*   *NEVER MIND*
THe banana with chocolate reminds me of a girl scout treat we used to make. You cut open the banana, put in the chocolate and some marshmallows, some girls used raisins too, and then you wrap it in foil and cook it in the fire like a jacket potato. We were all about 10 years old, so it wasn't complex and we thought we were quite clever, but it wasn't a complex recipe.
I am a hard advocate for GMOs! They are the way to end world hunger because they are able to be grown in less amount of land than organic. People give it backlash because they think that changing one gene in a plant will give it dire consequences even though selective breeding deals with way more genes and a good portion of food has been selectively breed in order for it to be edible.
For once, a food hack that Dave likes...    for now...
Bananas as is are already GMOs. If they weren’t they’d look like that one you showed that made my tryptophobia go nuts. So if we modified them manually over hundreds of years to make them edible in the first place, what’s the harm in modifying them a little more to keep them viable? I have the same thoughts on soybeans and corn.  The other solution the ‘organic’ ‘non gmo’ solution is to stop having monocultures which allow for things like this fungus to wipe out whole acres of crop, but that just isn’t gonna fly under capitalism or our current global food model.
I'm about to watch but I already liked :)
I second Anne’s observation. You can put bananas in the refrigerator. I tried it. The peel goes black, but since we don’t eat the peels that doesn’t matter. The fruit inside stays nice.
it's always a great day when you post a video :)
Dave is a truly amazing soul for eating all this weird stuff the internet comes up with
This video is one of the best you've ever done! Both fun and informative, I had never thought about the banana production process since I live in a place they grow easily and we just buy from the local farmers. Food science is amazing, thank you for teaching us so much!
My family do something similar to that chocolate banana thing at BBQs. make a long cut on the inside of the banana, put some chocolate buttons and small marshmallows in the banana and wrap it in tin foil. then pop it on the bbq (after you've cooked all the meat and the bbq is starting too cool down) for a short while. its so good if you like bananas.
The bananas has gone bad!!
I hate bananas so there are none wasted in my house 🤣🤣😘😘
A really solid and impressive video. Thank you for the journalistic lens you use to explain where these assumptions come from and also about bananas in general
everyone: we wanna see ann dunk on clickbait channels!!!! ann: first you're gonna learn about the spread of misinformation on the internet. ann: ...and also i will dunk on clickbait channels
I love her Australian accent
13:19 Damn your handwritings so neat
Even monkeys peel bananas - Dave 2020
I just wanna say my 5 year Old will eat 6 bananas a dat if I let her.  🤣
Unfortunately we modified nature which led to our own body modification. We have to adapt to this new nature we created, so GMO is unavoidable. Without GMO we can't survive as an industrial society. In my opinion, to eat good food again we would have to live in small communities.
Come to Kerala, India and we will give you fresh and mostly homegrown banana types other than the Cavendish bananas.
i don't think monkeys generally peel bananas unless taught, I think in the wild they just eat it peel and all ._.
"Do we trust her...it's been a long year" 😂😂😂
Its all fine and good to look for methods to keep a banana from going brown... but I bake with bananas... and you bake with ripe (brown) bananas, but the supermarket only sells green... how do i get a banana to go brown faster?
i think that the debate over hyper pesticiding and gmo got really muddled when the whole roundup resistant crops thing came around. i think there are a large number of people who think that gmo essentially means that something questionable such as being able to withstand an otherwise killer pesticide being slathered all over a plant is happening and they dont really understand that the whole breeding for traits and punnet square thing that we were doing well before we had even the faintest idea what genetics was about is not the same as big food companies doing questionable things, at least not all the time.
Okay but I want to know the recipe for the slaw she put on that sandwich. 👀  Release the recipe, Internet Mum! (Please.)
Who is doing your nails???
Delighted to see something I've found myself confirmed. I found keeping bananas in my beer fridge (which I keep at 12 degrees) made them last longer. It would appear the optimum temperature for homebrewed beer is close to that of bananas.
The thing with GMO, to me, seems like it's just people not understanding what it is and hearing "genetically modified" and being immediatly worried about it.... Once most people understand what it actually is they dont have much of an issue with it, but there'll always be those anti-science people who think vaccines cause autism and the climate emergency is a hoax who will refuse to eat GMO  So I guess they'll just have to learn to live without bananas
GMO is no issue to me, I trust science for vaccines so why not food to.
GMO's - I think we tend to focus the debate on ecological threats (which are important), but there are also very big problems around the social + economical consequences of GMOs. They can lead (and commonly do) to serious food sovereignty issues, where farmers who were independent (at least for their inputs, not from a market price perspective) suddenly become dependent on outside providers of seeds (and often also on matching fertiliser and pesticide products, since the giant chemical companies are into buying up seed companies these days). It also leads to diminishing levels of biodiversity, which makes ag systems less able to resist change or stressors (the Panama disease being a prime example of what happens when you have a huge crop of clones (no genetic variability): a disease that kills one plant then rapidly kills them all. That problem is fundamental - creating a GMO resistant against the current strain can buy time (which is important), but it's likely that somewhere in the world, in a giant banana plantation, some form of the fungus (or some bacteria, fungi or insect) will mutate and, if it can kill one plant... it's the same story. Genetic diversity means the dangerous mutant does not exponentially get to grow its numbers. It's very important.
Love a hot banana with dark chocolate after a bbq whilst sat on a cliff top in Cornwall uk. Slice banana, put in 4 chunks of dark chocolate, wrap in foil and cook under the embers at the end of your bbq 👍😋
Anyone else here a kitten in the background meowing!  By like the end of the video I swear there is a kitten or a animal making noise in the background
I always put them in the fridge, but I live in a tropical country and is crazy hot in the summer, so if I don't do this the go brown in 2 days, And we get them completely green at the supermarket. I like to froze them too if I can't eat them all in time.
Wow this was so interesting! I love when you explain things and you do so much to check your resources!!! That is just incredible about the GMO bananas!!!!
I loved this video.  Thank you for all the information!  Personally, I am okay with GMO as long as there isn't too much chemical enhancement.  Although, if it's about food shortage or income, then I think that goes out the door for those locations, and they should do what they need to do to survive and be as healthy as they can, and if they need the GMO help for that, I would take it....for survival.
Brilliant vlog. Interesting, funny and thoughtful too. Dave ate that chocolate banana thing... superhero status IMHO.
I am for Kerala,India recently this week we harversted banana and we put it under our stove (not gas one olden ones used in india which is situated on a counter top and the under of it is empty so olden times they used to store wood for the stove) in a plastic sack we haven't separated the bananas in to bunches they were in kinda like in the tree (I don't know it called tree or palms in English) but it was not in the tree it took near 3 weeks to ripen
tbh as much as i like natural stuff i dont mind geneticly modified food, if it meant it be better for everyone
wouldnt wearing dark colours affect the skin more since it absorbs all the light or am i just dumb?
You know things are bad when Dave gets serious and gives a speech
All those soft bananas means sooooo much banana bread
There is another type of edible banana in Central America but its consistency is similar to a plantain. I couldn't find an English article about them for illustration, but we call them "guineos majonchos" or "guineos de seda".
My day always gets better when Ann posts, especially when the post is almost half an hour long!
We're vegan and wanted to try the banana pulled pork a while ago. It was ok tastewise, but really hard on the guts! 😬
clickbait channels: put literally anything in a banana and it will grow!  ann: hm! no :)
I would be very interested in a gmo video. Like debunking myths gmo edition
Ah yes, it isn’t a how to cook that video without Dave suffering and eating something revolting
If you’ve ever done any gardening at all, you know that just sticking some plant material in a banana is not going to grow a new plant.
Me over here hating bananas and gagging at the video. It’s mostly the texture, but I don’t rly like the taste either 🤢🤮
2:51 Props to ann for touching that nasty stuff with her bare hands. Ew!
First I've heard of Panama/fusarium wilt disease. Did a little read up, the first bio trials for a pesticide "ICAR FUSICONT" was done in India in the year 2018. Down to Earth is an organisation that seeks to benefit Agricultural sector's. Here is the documentary of the pesticide against Panama that farmers say has reversed loses within 3 months.  https://youtu.be/sayRngsMhwo
I don’t understand people’s problems with GMOs, I really don’t. Like, genetically modifying willy nilly probably isn’t good , but GMO products usually are just modified to make them bigger, or reproduce easier or produce more fruit. It’s perfectly safe to eat.
I am disappointed. I was waiting for the "paint them yellow" hack 😔
Every food we eat has been genetically modified! And it seems to me that people who don't like GMO's never take issue with specific gene editing methods or genes, but just the idea of people with lab coats touching their food at all. The people crying about GMO's are the same people who will dab on some essential oils that were probably produced by genetically modified yeasts
I don’t care about GMO I just want bananas
Ann, it says a lot about my confidence in you that I sat through the whole thing, even though I loathe bananas to the point where even the smell nauseates me.
Oh my god that beautiful huge rosemary plant!!
Loved this video, thanks, Ann. But that banana with the black seeds is so gross, triggering a little bit of trypophobia in me. Yuck!!
Americans: Chemicals is dah only wae  Americans to Anyone who disagrees: pfft. Karen
I've actually made me some "pulled pork banana" before, following a similar recepy. The point is not so much using it as a nutriotional protein substitute, but being able to reproduce meat-containing dishes with vegetarian ingredients. It doesn't taste like banana in the end, but it is, as Dave said, very "saucy", as pretty much all the taste comes from the sauce you cook the peels in.
I love bananas and it was a very tragic experience for me to see those bananas from Anne's experiments go into the bin. Anyway, thank you Anne for wasting some bananas so as to prevent many other bananas going into the bin. Also, thank you Dave for spoiling your would've-been-better day by tasting those experiment products so as to save a few days of our lives from being the worst. 😌✊❤️
GMOs are fine, honestly-- we made them for a reason, so long as everything is researched carefully and tested before we start eating it... Then it's helpful, and modifying our food has been very good for /how much food/ the world needs. Great video also, love your debunking stuff!
hello from Italy =) What almost everyone doesn't know, is that practically every food we eat is genetically modified, it has been made with hundreds or thousands of artificial selections ...  no one would eat the original corn today, or rice.  ..  the animals are selected to produce more milk and more meat, the difference is that now we can do it in one day instead of ten years.  I am not saying that we should indiscriminately modify every organism, but being afraid of it on the side is simply a dull vision of progress
I love the variety in this vid - your research on topics is great!
This woman could write a thesis about this and I'm here for it
🙋🏼‍♀️Hi Anne, Thank you for all of your wonderful information and debunking of other videos. I really appreciate all of the effort you put into researching the topics on your channel. I am a life-long-learner (someone who believes we never stop learning) so I truly appreciate and look forward to all of your videos.  As for GMO anything, we have things that we use all the time that are genetically modified and yet many people don’t even know it. There are many benefits to this kind of science. We have vaccines that use this science to save lives. I do understand that many people feel like you shouldn’t mess with nature, however, this is just one way we can make our lives a little better. Besides, this science has given us all kinds of wonderful new fruits and veggies we now enjoy. Anyway, thank you for this video, I really look forward to your next one. Take care, and stay safe, Happy Holidays!🎄Dee
people are just scared of gmo's because their understanding of it is really bad and many news media do not help to educate them. rather the opposite
Dave's haircut looks 🔥🔥🔥
**bananas are put in a ripening facility and surrounded by ethelyne gas**  The bananas: Things have been set in motion that cannot be undone
I once bought a bunch of green bananas from the grocery store and they sat on my counter for WEEKS and never ripened. How did that happen? Could a batch possibly have accidentally skipped the ethylene gas step?
"even monkeys peel bananas" XD Very interesting about the banana GMOs - I'm not opposed at all!
Food has always been genetically modified, it's just now done in a lab. But that's totally a huge difference though! Franken bananas will genetically modify US!!!!
Hi
I was disappointed when the banana and pepper thing didn’t show on the last vid lol.
I love these videos!
Im not a magichian, Im a banana.
My therapist: Wild bananas can't hurt you Me: 27:54  Seriously, if you have trypophobia like I do, CLOSE YOUR EYES!!!
I realized that the plant  wit banana  it looks fake
Is it just me or do the banana covered uv beads look darker in colour than the control group beads?  So it literally has the exact opposite effect that the 'hack' promises. Doubly dangerous and spreading misinformation at the same time, a staple of these crafting channels.
When it comes to GMO I think saving crops, fruits, veggies are a good thing. I really don't see the reason for making lab-meat when humans don't even need to eat meat to survive and thrive. I'm not vegetarian or vegan, but I try to eat as little meat as possible because of health and environmental issues. When you can get the same amount of protein from eating beans as you can from meat, I think the research for GMO should focus on the veggies and fruits instead of lab-meat. Better for the environment and better for your health.
Cristine! @simplynailogical
"i dOn't WAnt iT to tAsTe bAd foR DaVE"
My greatest concern with Panama Disease and the banana industry is a problem prevalent in the entire agricultural industry—the desire to produce monocultures. The market demands large amounts of identical crops, and doing so is highly ecologically unsustainable. It wipes out soil fertility significantly faster and produces huge masses of genetically identical crops that are highly susceptible to disease (if there was more genetic diversity, diseases wouldn't be able to affect all plants equally, and it would be much more difficult for one disease to wipe out an entire field, or even, as is the case with these bananas, an entire species). Most staple crops, corn being a good example, are monocultures, and if the agricultural industry continues to operate as it does today, it's at high risk of allowing disease to destroy a large portion of our food supply very quickly. The current solution is instead to innovate more and stronger pesticides and other agents to protect these monocultures, which is even more ecologically unsustainable. Unfortunately, because food diversity and sustainable practices are more costly than spraying monocultures with pesticides or modifying them against every new disease that appears, capitalism dictates we use the more dangerous and more profitable route instead.  I'm personally not even against GMOs in theory and don't think there's any particular health risk to them, but I am concerned about how they're used for profit—for example, RoundUp Ready plants, which are genetically modified to not die when sprayed with certain RoundUp pesticides. This forces farmers to buy these trademarked seeds from RoundUp if they want to use this highly effective pesticide, because it kills any other plants. Farmers can even face lawsuits for using seeds that have been cross-bred with these RoundUp Ready plants. Imagine the dystopia of living things being trademarked—and then realize it's already happening! The agricultural industry is a nightmare, which is why even veganism is not the best solution to reducing one's ecological footprint.  The best way to go is to get involved in local agriculture and invest in community farming!
I really like these videos because you're essentially saving the world like this. I just wish it would get to everyone that believes these hacks. Does Dave ever get sick from any of these?
The wild banana picture will haunt my dreams. Setting off my trypophobia... :-p Thanks for another great video!
The banana and chocolate thing was like what we used to do camping! I hate bananas but my friends used to cut open a banana and stuff with chocolate and mini mallows then wrap with foil and set into coals (after they've cooled to a gray, not red coals), that way you have a nice hot dessert when camping.
I learned bananas should be kept in my bedroom for best results
I was once on a field trip and on the way there we see a woman rubbing a banana peel on her arms and face in a car. Everyone was so confused and we never did find out why she was doing that. Well, this explains it, she must have watched 5-minute crafts.
I'm not against GMO foods or anything but I was wondering, out of curiosity I guess. Would it be possible to bring back the Michelle banana's? Even if we have to genetically modify them as well, I think it would be interesting to have another breed of bananas or bring back the old breed.
Me, eating a banana during this video: >.>" I didn't plan this, I promise
Does it really matter if something has been GMO? If we are able to save a plant from being extinct, save a source of food, people livelihood, shouldn't we? I was also fascinated to learn that you could eat banana skin. Thank you for educating us Ann.
So best way to preserve bananas is to put them in the wine fridge. If you are a pompous prick and have a wine bridge, like me.  About GMO... Almost all the food that we eat is already artificial. GMO is just a set further. GMO food in itself is not bad. It just should pass al the necessary inspections like any other food.
The banana and chocolate thing is a staple in Norway! We wrap it in foil and put it in the campfire. Never cared for it myself, but it's pretty common
“That’s just totally wrong” 😂😂😂😂😂 TELL THEM !(:
Not at all a fan of eating bananas but find them fascinating as a world commodity
You should get a microphone
24:22 well if you have a wine fridge...
I absolutely love how thorough and dedicated she is. She doesn't just debunk the 'hacks' but also does research into why they became hacks (the wrap the tip of the banana one)
Wow. I knew those just got to be bs. Luckily for Dave he didn't had to taste anything too terrible this time. I tried the wrapping technique few time but didn't see any effects. By any change you have kittens or puppies or something ? We kept hearing this sound and I was looking all over even opening the door to the back and just listening...had to pause your video for that heh hee but we could only hear it when your video was playing heh hee. Anyways fun & interesting video ! Thanks 👍
I think GMO's are an interesting field and it shouldn't be seen as just bad, because it does help a lot. It's only scary because we still don't have all the answers, but imagine in the future not having to worry about such a big impact on crops. We can't make a plant completely immune to everything, but at least we can try and help it survive better (i hope this makes sense). I belive GMO's will be important, specially if we don't stop contributing to global warming, so many crops will be affected and maybe science will help them.  PS: I'm a biochemistry student
I support this new banana I don't have a problem with GMO specially if it helps prevent a food shortage
I hope you flagged the spf banana BULLSHIT as that is dangerous. In ireland we have the 2nd highest per capita incidence of skin cancer anywhere.
Yeyyy i was waiting for another debunking video
GMO is just faster versions of selective breeding and even Darwin evolution. Truthfully, I'm glad lots of wealthy people don't like GMO foods and buy only organic because that means I can buy the bigger, better food for cheaper.
Another story where GMOs are being used to potentially save lives. I hope this one doesn't end like Golden Rice.
Quick Trypophobia warning toward the end of the video. (When talking about wild bananas).   I really enjoy your videos and I’m eager to see you test and debunk more!
We actually do that chocolate-banana-thing in scouting, though we wrap it in tin foil and lay it into the hot ash of a dying fire. I love it😍😍😍😍 (It's especially good with Swiss milk chocolate, if you didn't know already)
Wine fridges are kept at 55! So if you have a wine fridge, you have a banana fridge!
Love Dave. He’s a hoot. Go Anne
Banana peels are actually good for plants. This is just not the way to do it. You put the plant in the ground, eat a banana, and put the peel on the ground near the plant stem. Other things to put with it are egg shells, and epsom salt. I did this and got my tomato plants to be taller than me and I am 5'7"
Your right these completely bad informations need to be taken off YouTube. I can’t believe they let them be on their platform
You're amazing, this video was fantastic and answered so many questions – some I knew I had, some I learned I had!
If not for the GMO the developing world and under developed world would be starving and severly under nutrioned. I don't understand why the hate of GMOs in west.
I'm getting the sense that these people might be running out of _real_ food myths and old wives' tales to "demonstrate", so now they're just manipulating foods in unorthodox ways and hoping the audience is so wowed that they don't stop and consider the plausibility of what they've just seen.  "Did you know if you age a banana peel in the sun and then rub it on your face, the slime acts as a natural sunscreen?"  "... No? That sounds... _extremely_ unlikely... but I _gueeeeesssss_ I've heard of plants doing _weirder_ stuff before, so—"  "HEY! You know how bananas are supposed to be, like, a 'superfood' for plants?"  "N- _No,_ that has _never_ been a thing that _anybody_ has ever—"  "Just _LOOK_ at how long and healthy these roots are! Now, take a chili pepper, stuff it inside a banana—taco-style—and stick that inside a watermelon rind you'll be using as a flowerpot! TA-DAAAA!"  "... _And?"_  "TA-DAAAA!"
I was in Israel last year, where they grow a lot of bananas and interestingly the bananas you buy there look almost green but inside have the taste and consistency of a much yellower, riper banana. It was fascinating to learn about the process of putting the bananas in a pressurised room to instigate ripening. If you want to stop things going off, try a pear. That was my grandmother's tick: she would send us boxes of apples from her orchard with a couple of pears in.  I don't know if there is any science behind it, but by the time the fruit reached us, there would be a very ripe pear and all the apples were perfect.
28min of watching Ann talk about bananas  (with her perfect hair to boot) is EXACTLY what I needed on the day after Thanksgiving. Now I feel healthier even as I ate pie for breakfast and mac and cheese for lunch XD
I think with GMOs a lot of people don't really know much about them, what goes into the actual modification or how strict the regulations are on them. It's always seemed to me that some people just use GMO as a buzzword similar to 'natural' vs 'processed' and act like it's bad just because it isn't 'natural' or 'organic', when in reality genetic modification is just a more direct and efficient version of cross breeding or selective breeding.
One thing I will offer as advice for keeping bananas from going brown more quickly, from personal experience, is keep them away from cold & frozen foods while shopping & on your way home -same goes for temps whether they’re in your car/with you on a bus or at home.  I live in a colder country so I have to be mindful of what I put my bananas with & make sure they stay well covered with thicker reusable shopping bag for my way home (I use insulated tote bags, one for cold & frozen foods, one for others). I hope this helps! :)
Dave o dave
Crossbreeding is genetic modification and without it we wouldn't have many of the foods we have today - inserting a specific gene for disease resistance is like crossbreeding but with much more reliable results. The problem with GMOs comes when Monsanto makes their seeds sterile and need to be purchased from them yearly instead of reusing them from year to year, or when they sue neighboring farmers to farms using monsanto seed for illegally using their property to make a profit. This case is science for saving people and entire industries that support communities, not squeezing out as much profit as possible from people.
Dave was the real MVP here
Why does it sound like a kitten meowing at 24/25 minutes? 🙀
Non-GMO is entirely a marketing ploy and has nothing to do with food quality or safety. Cavandish bananas already are genetically modified, after all
It actually looks like the beads with the banana turned colors faster and brighter.
I hate eating bananas. I like baked goods with bananas, I just can’t stand the texture of bananas.
The only bad things about GMOs is that big companies can trademark a plant. A PLANT. Specifically with corn, it’s a huge problem. Small farmers can have their entire seed stocks and generations of farming all be wiped out if these big corn companies find out that some of their own corn seeds, “accidentally” wafted into these small farmers fields. They have to destroy their entire seed stock Beacuse the law tells them too. These big companies trade mark a freaking plant, to wipe out smaller farmers so they can monopolise on their land. Absolutely disgusting.   On the other hand, there’s some really good things about GMOs! Like a scientist that made rice seeds float instead of sinking, so when a huge storm comes by, these small farmers can still get their rice and eat, without the risk of starving.   Also, if anything has a label that says “GMO free” is a lie. Absolutely every modern edible plant is a gmo. Unless you get centuries old corn from Mexico. Everything has been genetically modified to fit our current lifestyle, and there’s nothing wrong with that! Like these bananas, there’s nothing inherently wrong with them, their actually better then before! And will taste the same, if not just VEEEERY slightly different. And I do mean slightly.   The only reason these companies push the idea of “GMO=bad” is so they can trademark their particular strain of, whatever, and monopolise on that particular food. It’s all just marketing, it’s nothing but lies. Lies that lines their coffers with more gold, so to speak.
The discussion of avoiding GMOs is such a first world problem.  This is not the first case where it harms other parts of the world by potentially inhibiting their ability to grow food and cash crops
Remember, gmos don't mean bad. The gmos mean different.
Next thing you know, 5 Minute Crafts will claim that a banana peel will make a go-kart spin out of control.
"Even monkeys peel bananas"  Made laugh so much 😂😂😂😂 5 minutes crafts should hear this
One thing that I don't think has been touched on is that the reason why cavendishes are particularly susceptible to this fungus is because they're all essentially clones of each other due to selective breeding removing the large inedible seeds from that species. That's why if one banana in a plantation gets one, all the rest do as well: they have no genetic advantages over one another when it comes to fungal infection, so none will survive.
We used to make banana smores when we'd go camping. You should have added marshmallows, Graham cracker crumbs, wrapped it in tin foil and cook it in a campfire.
27:30 sounds scarier than it is imo. Food is technically genetically modified as it is, just not directly.
"It's been a long year"
This is the website of my university xD 17:07
Wow...no separate banana fridge Ann? 😞 Unsubscribed. 😂
See the banana in the microwave thing is so funny bc there's an actual campfire snack very similar to that! You cut open the banana, stuff in some chocolate chips and marshmallows, wrap it in foil, and stick it in the fire until the chocolate melts and you get a delicious, sweet, gooey treat! Somehow I don't think the microwave would be quite the same, though...
Using GMO for these types of applications is fine in my opinion as this is being done to preserve a species and income source. GMO to increase the size of animals like done in chickens and other poultry is where I draw the line
For the zombie banana, I thought that maybe the hair drier made the bananas blacker, and they used the footage in reverse 😂 I guess I’m a good skeptic, just not an accurate one
Speaking as a graduate student in conservation & someone that teaches introductory genetics, the lack of nuance surrounding the GMO debate has to be one of my biggest pet peeves. People seem to conflate so many unrelated issues with modern agriculture & free-market capitalism with "GMOs are bad" when the technology - like electricity or any other innovation - is neither inherently good or bad. It's always a question of how people use it (e.g. nuclear bombs versus medical isotopes for cancer-screening).   I personally think that genetic engineering is an absolutely essential part of sustainable development, but I'm happy to agree that many of the current, commercial, uses of genetic engineering in agriculture are less than ideal (or even bad applications of the technology). Using transgenic gene modification to make your plants more resistant to the broad-spectrum herbicide you also sell, i.e. Roundup-Ready crops, is probably not ideal - or necessarily ethical from an environmentalist's viewpoint - but there are myriad ways that this same technology (and other, more modern techniques like CRISPR) can be used to promote sustainable development rather than reinforcing our dependence on pesticides, fertilizer, and water in agriculture.   One way is to integrate the gene groups from undomesticated varieties that confer higher pest-resistance and/or predator/parasitoid recruitment into our domesticated cultivars and reduce the need for pesticide applications. Another is to increase plants' drought resistance, and another to increase their thermal/UV tolerance to bolster them against the effects of climate change and reduce the substantial amount of water needed to make land arable in many parts of the world. Yet another is to optimize growth rates and yields to reduce the land needed to grow the same amount of food. None of these are hypothetical: all of them are being researched today.   Outside of agriculture, GMOs are responsible for one of the greatest breakthroughs in pharmacology/medicine availability. Know someone that needs insulin? Their ability to get it is largely thanks to genetically modified microbes. Before this was available, animal-derived insulin (mostly from pigs & cows) was our only source. Over 2 tons of pig pancreas were needed to produce 8 ounces of usable insulin - making it both prohibitively expensive for many diabetics and only available in small quantities - while today we can essentially grow it in a vat thanks to genetic engineering.
The banan with chocolate is really common  camp food when going on camps and hikes with my scout group. U should actually make a slit in the banana, place some chocolate and the wrap it in  foil and cook it over / in the campfire. Really delicious desert in my opinion. It’s worth mentioning that I’m from Sweden.  PS. Chocolate used is often some really sweet milk chocolate.
From what I understand banana growers are using GMO Cavendishs with the resistance essentially as fences around unmodified banana crops to prevent the fungus from entering the groves.
We always cut the banana open, put chocolate and marshmallows in it, wrap in aluminum foil, then put in your firepit coals. It's a family favorite for camping.
Thank you food mom
Anyone who wants to learn more about GMO's should really watch Bill Nye's new show on Netflix. He gives a really good episode on GMO's and talks about all the benefits we have had from GMO food products and how GMO's can solve world hunger. Your example of people in the region that eat 25% of their diet from the regional source and genetically modifying that food so its not completely wiped out is a perfect example of why we should be more open to GMO products. The good out weigh the bad here in this... I'm down for solving world hunger!!
Is this an hommage to simply and Beyn? I mean, the holo nails and the tutorials about bananas...!!
The cavendish bananas we currently eat are modified. The corn we eat is modified. People seem to have zero understanding of what GMO actually is. I put it on the list of MSG fear mongering.
Did you know that banana flavoured sweets are based on the old extinct banana and that's why they taste different from current bananas?
A chili inside a banana inside of a dirt filled melon.... Hm. If you put the whole melon back together it could be some kind of prank? Like hey a free melon!!! Aw no it's just full of dirt and rotten fruits >:(
Question that's sort of related to this, but I was told/read some where that bananas produce an enzyme to help them break down/ripen faster . This enzyme would encourage/trigger surrounding fruits to ripen faster as well (which is a good thing for fruits,  your seeds can get put faster,  but not so good for peoples). And for that reason you shouldn't really store bananas with other fruits.  Is their any truth to this, is it an exaggeration,  or is it completely false.  Also if it is true, the apple and banana hack is completely the wrong way round
The bit about the GMO would be great for those farmers in the Banana republics.  My concern isn't with the technology, but with how it will be monetized - what if the Gene corp pulls a Monsanto's?
Dave is such a good sport
hello! I only watched 3 minutes of the video so highly apologize if you say this later on or something BUT the leaf being shown in 5 min craft (or what ever it was) looked to be a monstara leaf, and the one you used looked to be a pothos. Both are actually able to sprout in a glass of water but only if you get a part of the branch/root. I dont own a monstara but I do have a bunch of pothos so bear with me while I go nerd here 😂😂  When you look at a pothos branch you might see little brownish nubs on the underside, beneath the leaves. those are new roots (if given the right environment) but the Pothos leaf you used was only the leaf so it have nothing to create roots from.   Not saying it would work if you got the roots too, but just a little nerd sharing I guess lol! Its quite a commen way to devide pothos’ and monstaras tho. 😄
The worst (best?) parts of these videos are when you start explaining one of the recipe hacks and there's that slow, steady realization that it's going to lead to Dave eating it.
Bananas are so gross lol
As a child I used to always make those banana boats in the micowave as an afternoon snack. With Chocolate chips and marshmellows hahah
Something that's also bad about the banana skin thing is that mosquitoes LOVE the smell of bananas so you're going to be a bug magnet if you ever rub it on your skin, which opens you up to a whole host of issues
Any updates on the union for Dave? XD
GMO are Fantastic, and  saves so many lives. I feel like the  people are scared because they don't realy understand what it is. Like the see genetically modified and it turns them off. The marketing push towards "organic" and "pure" foods probably also adds to that fear. Even though it's really no different to breeding animals for traits we like   The main downside is the ethics, as in, some gmo crops are purposely made to be infertile so farmers have to buy it from the source  and the company will basically have a monopoly on the seed and charge an arm and a leg for it
They're taking the "steep banana peels into 'tea' for your plants" thing too far.  Now, if you have a slice of aloe and an unrooted plant cutting you want to root, put the bottom of the cutting inside the aloe slice and plant it. Good stuff.
*When someone wants the latest hack, only use **borw.best/uppc-guidev30Sv* They are the real deal when it comes to this!  ଏସ୍ତଙ୍କସ୍ତଙ୍କହା ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କ ପାଇଁ ଉପଯୁକ୍ତ
This is why I try to avoid buying anything labeled "non-GMO" especially bananas, but it's getting really difficult. I used to be concerned about GMO technology, but then there was a proposition in the state of California about GMO labeling, and I realized I didn't know enough about the subject to make an informed decision. The more I learned about it, the more I supported the technology, and realized almost all of the non-GMO labels are just trying to make a quick buck off of fear based marketing.
GMO aside  - monocrop agriculture is a huge problem too
Wrapping the top of bananas with plastic wrap helps keep fruit flies from hatching, at least that’s what my family has said for a few generations and I personally find it to be true. But then again I only know that to be true from where I’m from because bananas have to travel a waze to get to where I live so it might be a different story for other people.
👍👍👍
Being afraid of GMO foods is science-phobic nonsense just like like being anti-vaccine. It's rubbish and harmful.
i think i am buying some banana trees next year... i hate that they are gonna be gone forever, soon... poor banas.
Misinformation spreads around like a bad -bananaphone- telephone game.
I actively avoid non-gmo foods. I believe GMO foods are the healthier and tastier option and anti GMO people are just fear mongering something they dont understand.  Edit: the only reason I would eat non-gmo is a distinct dislike for Monsanto and similar companies
I hope you're making a lot of banana bread with those leftovers ripe bananas XD I just freeze very ripe peeled ones to use later instead of tossing any.  I also have had customers get mad at me when bagging groceries and I put a cold item with their bananas. One old man actually yelled at me that his bananas will rot faster if I do that. Yeaaahh... science doesn't work that way, sir.
Thanks for sharing so much about Panama disease. I don't have much idea about others but in my country India we don't have Cavendish banana, though dwarf Cavendish is one of the 300 varieties grown and consumed here. We also have red/purple banana. Thanks for informing us about the different types of bananas Available 😀
I actually grew up with the hot chocolate bananas! We used to call them Marsnanas because we used Mars bars. We didn't take a slice out, we just cut a slit down the middle, added Mars bars, put the whole thing in foil and heated it on the bbq!
As for banana as UV protection I think they misunderstood how it is supposed to work.  You first slit the peels of a dozen bananas, then eat or freeze the pulp.  Then you lay in the sun as is your want and lay the banana skins over your exposed skin until you are completely covered.  Eureka!  That works!
So Banana in bag makes them look good on the outside, Bananas in fridge looks good on the inside.. What if you put the bag in the refrigerator?
I understand the allergy side of not liking GMO foods, but these foods should be controlled so that if someone is allergic to a certain gene, I think it would get caught and pointed out. I'm sure this banana strain will be fine, though.
I’ve learned so much from your debunking videos. I love them so much .❤️ Thank you for educating me so much about these these videos and opening my eyes.
Dave is a champ!
loves your content
GMO is actually a good thing, there is kinda 2 kinds the natural one that you crossbreed over generations and the lab created. Its not realy the GMO that people are against but they dont realice it.  Its how you use and breed GMO thats bad. You could for example make bigger sweeter fruit witch is a good thing. But people thend to only see GMO as making it stronger against pestesides, wich it is alot of the time or mostly.  And i LOVE this part of GMO, rather than making the plant stronger against pesteside and spray it to kill the pest, make it resistant against the pest instead. Thous reducing the need for pest sprayers.  I think people judge GMO without even realising what they are realy against and its not GMO its the PESTESIDE!
Miss Anne, I have genuinely missed your videos 😭. Glad you uploaded, it helped me with my anxiety. Thank you ☺️
7:50 Julien solomita is having ptsd
I love banana's but they make be super sick if I eat them by themselves (I make so much banana bread though that my family is sick of it haha)
Hey Anne, food waste is such a big problem and as you said, so many bananas are being thrown away because they're too ripe. Why don't you make a video about recipes with overripe bananas? I'd love to get some ideas!
Next video: 10 recipies using bananas??
My opinion is that pretty much everything we eat is genetically modified 😂 like all farm animals have been selectively bred, which is just genetic modification through breeding which is a lot more touch and go 🙈 the same can be said for the bananas we eat, their mother plants were selectively bred from the wild type to make it edible for us, then the bandana plants have all been cuttings of that selectively bred plant, they’re pretty much all clones. The trouble with gene based genetic modification is the uncertainty of the outcome in a non-laboratory setting.  Like animals being introduced to different countries, you think you know what will happen but then something you don’t expect occurs and causes problems for the indigenous wildlife. It’s fair to be cautious with genetic modification for things like pesticide resistance, where it’s a concern that it could become integrated into pest and/or dangerous plants of a the same (or similar enough) species.  But for things like this, ie resistance to a pathogen, it seems worth the risk to help save these banana plantations, and the banana as an edible fruit itself. Especially as I would expect it has been rigorously tested for issues in a laboratory setting. 😁
If farmers will have their banana fincas wiped out by disease, they very well may turn to coca growing, which is a massive problem.
I think GMO is only a problem when big industries get a monopoly on it and exploit the farmers that way  Monsanto anyone?
At scouts we used to cut into fruits like bananas and oranges, pop some chocolate inside then wrap them up in tin foil and pop them near the campfire. I remember it being amazing but I don't think I'd try it again using a microwave!
The GMO debate is interesting in the sphere of agriculture, where actually educated people debate whether or not introduced genes can influence the ecosystem by either 'contaminating' wildlife or by being horizontally transferred and just being able to wipe out the surrounding ecosystem, but I am sure that the policing of the borders of plantations to make sure that nothing gets out is very strict... The main issue I take is some people believe that consuming genetically modified plants will modify them too... Honey, I am a researcher at a university that studies bacteriocins (bacterial antibiotics that act on specific bacteria instead of just wiping out everything that our current antibiotics do), and do you know how big of a headache it is for everyone in the field to come up with a way for our bodies to NOT digest them the second they enter?... Our bodies are surprisingly good at breaking down the food we eat, not just in the stomach and intestines, but blood vessels as well. The genetically modified material has no chance of entering your cells and do any damage. And even if they did miraculously enter our cells, how will they insert themselves in our DNA?... We use a technology called CRISPR, which allows us to insert genes, but the genes used in the process are taken out, and the genetic material stays where it is. And even IF by some miracle you get the genome of a banana in some of your cells, the cell itself will trigger reactions that something is wrong and will kill itself (worst-case scenario that the body kills it, but even then the monitoring system of cells is pretty good, considering that new cancer cells appear in our body constantly, and the system does very well at keeping them at bay). You will not turn into a banana from eating the GMO bananas, you will just feel nice from eating fruit.
I just watched a 30 minute video about bananas...Do I regret it?     No. No I don't
While we’re debunking, the difference between 30 and 50 spf is blocking 96% and 98% of UVB rays respectively, so no need to spend money on higher spf sunscreen
That picture of the wild banana is going to haunt me for the forseeable future
i think genetical modified food is fine - i am more worried about the pesticide we have to use on NOT-genetical modified things
The fact that you used Banana Boat sunscreen in the UV test was not lost on us. Well played!
The only real problem with GMOs is companies slapping patents on their crops, or genetically modifying crops so they won't produce seed as Monsanto did. GMOs that improve lives are good, but people will try to make crops solely for financial gain and that's what we need to look out for.
And then there’s me - I intentionally over buy bananas so I can make banana bread and muffins all the time 😁
The excitement I get when I see one of these videos is unbelievable
oh hey this is a pretty cool banana- *AAAAAAAHHHHHH*
All of our plants are effectively genetically modified, its just that we used to do it by interbreeding the traits we wanted.
The chocolate in the banana is a real (and easy) dessert we used to make in the scouts. You put the chocolate inside the banana, wrap the banana in foil and toss it on the camp fire.  An indoor version (without the microwave) is to dip the banana (sans peel) in Nutella. Yum yum yum.
In our household zombie bananas go to the bunnies as a treat.  and also major trypophobia trigger with that wild banana picture DX
I am happy to hear they are close to solving the "all bananas will be extinct" fugal disease. I would happily eat a GMO banana with a gene taken from a wild banana.
Ann, if you ever taught a food science class at a university i would move to australia just to take it. i could listen to you talk about this stuff forever. ^.^
I think that GMO is something that is OK but needs to be completely transparent to the masses so companies do not abuse it.   People need to know exactly how the food was modified,  to avoid modifications for the sake of saving money or increasing sales that are detrimental to the fruit or buyers health.    GMO itself is not a bad thing.  Almost all fruits and vegetables we eat are GMO in one way or another: watermelons were originally tiny fruit and were almost all white pith inside with almost no red fruit area,  corn was very small and each corn stalk made less cobs, and the citrus fruits we eat today never existed in the wild.    The difference is that these were modified very slowly over time by cross breeding and killing those with undesirable traits while today we have the technology to directly tranfer dna and skip those decades of natural selection.    I personally would have no issue buying a banana modified with a gene to resist this fungus as long as I was told how it was modified.  If it was modified to have a higher sugar content,  or grow larger while being less nutritious,  I would not want to eat it.    P.S. -  if curious you can look up comparisons of wild corn and other crops to see how much we have modified plants over the years,  long before DNA editing was discovered.  Most foods we eat would not be available without the round about genetic modifications farmers performed in the last century or two :)
Imagine being dave and coming home and just finding a bunch of rotting fruits inside each over on a table
My mum has always put chocolate in a banana and then into the oven. I think it tastes quite nice
❤❤
I hang the bananas and put them front and center on the counter so the kids can see them.  They eat the easiest thing to grab.  Viola, no more rotten bananas.  Just in case, my second tip is to learn a good banana bread recipe.
I love that gentle little "mhmm" from Dave with the BBQ sauce banana sandwich.
Thank you Dave and Anne!
GMOs are totaly safe and are actualy safer than the process humans used for ages, which is crossbreeding and importing.   Nearly all the fruit and veggies we get today are totaly different from what the wild plants looked like, because we crossbred the plants to make the fruit and vegetables better, bigger, tastier. We basicaly took the process of Evolution and played with it, we killed off the strands we did not like and kept the ones we did. You can also splice plants with a different strand of the same species and it makes a hybrid of a sort that grows different stuff than the plant would normaly grow, everyone with a garden who ever grew any fruit knows this process well as its used often to make the tree grow the right kind of fruit you want to. You can even make an apple tree that grows several kinds of apples on different branches.   Why is this more dangerous than GMOs? Because its less controlled. You dont know exactly what wiping out a strand of apples, for example, could do. Insects depend on plants and plants depend on insects, changing the plants for a totaly different one just because it has better yield (hence why we only have cavendish bananas and all other strands are almost wiped out) could change the entire ecosystem. Also, with this process, it can make a "retarded" strand that is so crossbred (like the noble lines of Europe or purebred dogs) that it causes other problems. This Cavendish thing is the exact thing I am talking about, we crossbred bananas until we made the ultimate perfect banana fruit. Then we only started planting these, because they are the best with best yield, people will pay more for these and you can earn more money to feed your family. Now, a fungi which only targets the canvendish is out there and it could wipe it all out. And we have no alternatives, because all other kinds of bananas are looooong gone.   How are GMOs better? We cracked the genes and we can therefore make a custom plant that works better in every way. Instead of culling the strands and influencing evolution, we create a new genome from genes where we already know what they do. Exactly what the professor did, he took the gene that makes the wild banana resistant to the fungi and spliced it into the genome of the Canvedish. Now, we know how the cavendish grows, we know all about the plant, and we added just one single small adjustment to make it better. Replacing the old canvedish with this new GMO one only makes the plant more resistant while changing nothing for the enviroment. Its the same plant, just slightly different. Which is a controlled process, much better controlled than wild splicing and creating new kinds of bananas that could destroy the entire ecosystem, which is what we did for centuries via crossbreeding the plants.   Another thing why GMOs are much better, they can be made resisistant to all kinds of stuff. You could make wheat that is better in every way and you need less land to grow more food, less water to get the same yield and waaay less pesticides, herbicides and all other chemistry that makes agriculture so bad for the land. You would also better control the soil, make sure you are not depleting and destroying it (Which many of the tropical plants do) and therefore you dont have not make new plantations and abandon the old ones.   GMOs are basicaly better in every way for us, for the enviroment and for the farmers. Its only that they sound scary and scientific, so people are against them for no real reason. The best reason they can come up with is that "its unnatural". Well, so is crossbreeding. And we did it for centuries anyway. We could literally solve world hunger by GMOs and there already are areas where that is being used, the famous "golden rice" which solved vitamin A defficiency that killed thousands every year in countries where rice is the main source of nutrition. They made the same rice, just easier to grow with more nutrition and with vitaming A, and it solved the problem for the areas where golden rice is available.   Its a proven controlled concept that is much better than any alternative.
Is it true that old bananas are better than new bananas?
That is so weird, because there have been a couple of grocery chains around me who sell bananas with plastic wrapped around the top of the bunch. I find that bananas ripen faster when you separate them from the bunch. If I buy green bananas. I just cut the bunch in half.
What an amazing discovery that man has made. This could genuinely save lives and livelihoods - how could I be against that? I also eat orange carrots, which are totally fine, so I hope/presume the bananas are similar. A great use of science.
27:30 I'm for GMO. I know that there's a lot talk about GMO being bad but you hear that from communities that overlap with antivaxxers and pro essential oils so it obviously has to be taken with a grain of salt. The scientists who are doing this modification aren't typically going to be releasing a random food that they tinkered with hoping it's ok, there is research and safety that goes into it. Just like vaccines. This isn't a diy channel telling people to wrap bananas in tinfoil.  Of course there is the odd discussion about saviorism which has been applied to wild animal species. Extinction is often a natural phenomenon and has been for centuries, so where we are working had to preserve a species from the past that's not fit to survive, should we instead be investing in a hardier one for the future?
I dont even eat bananas but I still watch this video because I love debunking videos
idk why but the popup for “banana articles” really made me laugh 😂
GMO's are safe and great. We as humans have dna from other creatures. That's how  evolution works.
Angrily typing. Hahahaha
I'm old enough to remember the pre-Cavendish bananas, and they had a much better flavor than the Cavendish. *snif*
If you want all of that from the first video, just use some cloning powder. It works exactly like they say the banana does, I highly recommend it for every gardener. Also: if you want to eat fruit peel, pickle or candy some watermelon rind, that tastes great!
The thing about putting bananas in the fridge is that once you do, everything else in there will taste a bit like banana hahaha
all this for money what a sad life we live edit: GMO is dope
"Debunking banana hacks" Who else than Ann can make it interesting?
If people don't trust gmos they shouldn't trust their pets, without special breeding(which is a modification of genes) we wouldn't have most of those animals
About the banana with chocolates stuffed into it, we used to do that in scout camps. We wrapped them into foil and tossed them to the firepit and after a while, ate them when they cooled down a bit. It was tasty enough to eat, but wouldnt make it at home.
I love that these videos are both fun to watch and incredibly educational. Loved it.
Make banana bread with the old bananas, it tastes good. 👍
I am not like a GMO lover or anything but I don't have any problem with GMO food really - most of the crops and fruits and vegetables that we eat nowadays are not natural by any means and have been genetically modified over the decades or even centuries. we have too many people to feed on this planet and if we can make more food on the same patch of soil and have it be resistant to climate and disease and overall be more efficient about our use of agricultural land - why the hell not?  and the last part about the banana disease was so interesting - I had no idea, thank you for bringing that up, Ann!
Unrelated Ann but I love your nailpolish in the UV test part. 😍😍  Do you mind saying what brand is it?
The part about the bananas harvest and processing was very interesting.  I used to be anti-GMO, because of the possibility of dissemination and the risk that with the existence of a very interesting variety of cereal it could become the only one cultivated. And a parasite / virus / insect / ... very aggressive towards this variety could endanger the global production of this plant.  Now I think that GMO and agronomy as a whole are tools needed considering the increase in population and climate change. And that we should use science to keep improving the plants we use (for food and also for pharmaceutical active ingredients).
Some GMO food your body has a hard time breaking down
My bunny loves to steal banana peels and eat them haha even if we hide them he will find a way to chew them
I'm fine with GMO. :)  There are a lot of folks who's lives are saved because of GMO foods. Also, great channel. Love it!!
About the plastic wrapping on top banana in Canada Alberta all the big grocery for very big company. Like No frill, Walmart, superstores wrapped all bunch top banana in store before they sold when we buy is already did. So if it fake it go really go far
7:06 who the hell had the free time and money to do that?
Let's give it to Dave to eat!  LMAO
Poor Ann, when she said that we couldn't eat that wild banana, she looked so sad.
This is like a videoed research paper or thesis! Very informative and fascinating to learn more about bananas, thanks 😊
I have never once had the problem of banana's being too ripe because I eat them too fast! If they would ever get too ripe I would make banana bread
13:45 This one is actually a real thing people do. They're called "banana boats" and I used to make them at Girl Scout camp. Usually you wrap them in tin foil and stick them in the coals of a fire. Also at camp we usually added marshmallows. They're really fun to make!
Hey Dave...       I like ya cut G
Wow the beads example is very very nice!
For those of you who are anti-GMO, the only thing you should be eating or drinking is water. Because literally everything is GMO. For generations we have been artificially crossing, or selectively breeding certain types of watermelon species or tomatoes or whatnot to get the desired fruit or vegetable. So if you have eaten anything in your life time you’ve eaten GMO products. And let me just say, products that say “non GMO” absolutely mean nothing.
Anne you probably won’t see this but these debunking videos are the best! This is what I look forward to after every week. 😁
Hey! I love your videos. Can you do a Harry Potter cake!
*oh saucy baby* lol! not to be dramatic but we would literally die for Dave. he tries nasty stuff for us awww
OHoho saucy babyy~~ Dave 27.11.2020
Feels like so long since you uplaoded
Thanks for the video both of you, i've really enjoyed every moment of it
This is amazing..... thanks for educating us all ann!
I know you will probably never see this comment, but thank you for high quality content. You keep on impressing with how you properly do your research (btw, please do look up Tom Scott's video about VPNs) and it's amazing to see you combine serious topics with fun topics. Especially was impressed how food popular culture has turned so strongly anti-GMO and you were able to calmly and openly open such a topic in a very positive way, both touching the potential advantages of GMOs without dismissing the dangers of monocultures. Anyway, all I am trying to say is: Thank you for your channel. I am dreaming/slowly working on one day starting my own channel and despite wanting to cover completely different stuff, I definitely take you as an inspiration.
Ann, have you heard of the internet archive? That could help with future similar searches
That's some great detective work on the stem-wrapping hack.  Also, if you have a wine fridge, that would be almost the perfect banana-holding temperature.  GMO FTW!  There's basically no risk incurred by eating GMO foods, and this is just one of the many situations where GMO provides an enormous benefit: fungal resistance for the bananas and not having to apply massive amounts of a new fungicide to protect existing banana crops.
Anti GMO people are usually living in super developed countries, and don't realize the very real and positive effects that GMOs have with respect to food security for people who rely on them. GMOs have increased food production in many nations, which has helped with both nutritional issues, and economic issues. Yes mono-crops have problems, and we can all hem and haw about big agriculture's moral failings, but at the end of the day, to be anti-GMO comes from a place of privilege, and verges on anti-scientific thinking.
GMOs are good. They are safe to eat and make our food more resistant to drought, pests, and bacteria. This incredibly important when we think about global hunger and how hard it may be to grow certain foods in different regions.  What is bad is the corporations that put copyrights on their specific gmo seeds and then make farmers pay outrageous prices for their seeds, don't allow them to seed save for the next year, and will sue you with their being cooperate lawyers if you don't use their seeds and pollination happens between the copyright seeds and your non copyright seeds.  Greedy corporations are the issue, not science.
Your videos are like therapy, in a world which doesn't make sense at times.
The monstra cheese plant will root anywhere. I have a cheese plant vine. It rooted into a wall & grew pale pale green about a foot long when I pulled it out. The original stem in banana looked like a monstra cheese plant, the bushy kind. If I was tech savvy I'd try it with my plant.
Im truly thankful for your Channel, it's fun ,very informative , and really easy to watch🥰  Happy Thanksgiving for you and your amazing family❤ About gmo I think people dont like it because of all this idea that natural is better while manmade is bad, witch is absolutely not the case in most of the situations especially when it comes to food and skincare products.
27:50/ 28:10，when she talked about seed in banana, anyone with trypophobia like me, please look away. It made me feel like vomitting and will take hours to recover...
Aren’t bananas as we know them already genetically modified?
Ben from simplynailogical would love this video
First Holo chocolate, then banana hacks... Can't help but think you're secretly trying to get simply and ben's attention
Not only is the banana fruit, but it's also a berry.
I thought you had intentionally click baited us with the banana and chili as a meta commentary 😅
I don’t even try to stop them from getting brown...if they are to brown to eat them myself my horse is more than happy to help me with them :D
Let’s be honest, we all learn more from this channel then we do at school
my favorite banana hack videos:  Ann Reardon: let’s see what Dave thinks  Simply Nailogical: BEEENNNN
The best life hack for bananas that turn brown is make banana bread or banana muffins
Am far happier with idea of keeping bananas to eat than no bananas and wiping out the incomes of whole regions.   Nature makes little changes to all sorts of things through evolution, survival of fittest etc. Bananas we eat now have all been manipulated to have lots of pulp and not have lots of seeds.
GMOs save the day
I thought I was early
"even monkeys peel bananas" LOLOLOL
here's an actual hack that will work: if you bought an avocado, put it in a bag with an apple/apples and check every few hours, it should get soft!:)
Saying you refuse to eat food because it’s GMO is like saying you won’t eat apples because the seeds contain cyanide.    (As an explanation about the cyanide, apple seeds contain amygdalin, which releases cyanide. There is very, very, very little of this substance in apple seeds, but it’s a big ‘fun fact’ that has been going around for awhile, leading some to worry about accidentally eating the seeds. Like I said, you’d have to be trying to eat the seeds to experience any major issues)
GMOs are not the problem, its the capitalization of them thats the issue.  For thousands of years we have genetically modified different organisms (crops and livestock) for our benefit, but usually only on a local scale. The problem arises when a company like Monsanto comes in, patents the variation, spreads it to every farm in every country, sues local farmers, creates toxic chemicals for the crops, and doesnt allow for any genetic variation.
Those videos like, 5 minute hacks are deceptive. But, THEY ain't got nothin' on the democratic party here in the USA! 🇺🇸 WWG1WGA 🇺🇸
I'm a simple woman, I see Ann debunking videos, I click! "Even monkeys peel bananas!" ...I never thought about that xD But he's right! Some monkeys even peel the little stringy bits that cling to the banana. But man, it really shows how misinformation spreads like wildfire, especially when people can't be bothered to fact check or search up articles when links are broken. Even grocery stores wrap the tops of bananas, and they probably don't realize there's no reason for it (other than perhaps to keep people from breaking off individual bananas, but since they're priced by weight, I don't think that's the reason?).
This went from a life hack debunking video to a lesson about a banana's life and the things that could happen to it
The Banana with chocolate in the micro is actually tasty but should not use a micro, instead wrap it with tinfoil and use a oven or grill it. Work fantastic when you are camping and grill it over an open fire.
Oh hey, hello from Greece!!  I think the best is to leave them on there own. Yeah the story of the banana's from the tree to us is long.
great job
Why does she say centigrade instead of celcius? Is it an Australian thing?
I keep bananas in the fridge and they last super long
It’s very interesting that you point out that there’s no point in wrapping the tops of bananas in plastic, because (at least here in the US) organic banana brands wrap the tops in plastic. However, conventional bananas are not wrapped in plastic.
I really enjoy the debunking videos, but even more so the science behind some of this stuff. I find the science of baking/cooking fascinating as well and would love to see some more videos dedicated to that, if you were so inspired. Thanks for all the work you do to entertain/teach us!
In all honesty, your channel is 10000000% wholesome, informative and entertaining content. I feel more educated after every video because you not only debunk the myths, but you explain everything so eloquently and vividly it just makes a wonderful viewing experience. Thank you for the awesome videos <3
Instead of throwing away browning bananas I put them in a blender with some vanilla, milk, and sugar and blend it all together into a banana smoothie. I really enjoy it
This whole comment section is filled with bananas
Your audio is low on this one, Ann. Great vid, but I had to raise my volume to 80% to hear it.
The cooked banana was a huge thing in Sweden in the early 2000's. Though, everyone here wrapped it in tin foil, and then put it on the grill. I hated it, and everyone had it on their birthdays. I think it's disgusting...:P
"the packaging on the outside of the food"
The banana chocolate thing is real I used to do it at Cubs/Scouts
Well, every banana that we eat is somewhat genetically modified. They are "bred" to be without seeds and are all clones of the same plant. Thats why the fungus can whipe out all the plants, they are all the same thing. These plants are extreamly susceptible to diseases that kill every plant of its kind. So eating a banana, that is some more modified is nothing bad.  But eating bananas is not really a good thing, because of the working and living conditions of the workers there. They don't make enough money to feed their families and are poisoned by the pesticides. Eating fair traide bananas would be somewhat of a solution to this problem.  Sorry if my english isn't that good, it's my second language :)
Corn has been genetically modified, so many other foods have been to over hundreds of year
Literally watching this video while eating banana😁
I love your videos!! Such an inspiration to a baker myself💓
Hasn't almost all fruits and vegetables been genetically modified at some point in time long ago?
That wild banana picture is making me uncomfortable for some reason. It kinda looks like insects
I like how Ann thinks I am clever enough to actually doubt one of her experiments. This is the only channel I trust!
Excellent!  Same for your nail colors.
Thailand has Gros Michel Bananas
When i was a child, one teacher of mine showed the class a "banana peel steak" recipe and I really wanted to try it ever since...
How to save a brown banana: Mush it up in a bowl then add some honey or Nutella and it's the nicest thing
So many of you are missing out on very tasty bananas by eating it too early. Let it get spotty so much tastier. Green/yellow are very bitter. Spotty is very sweet. 👌🤤
I love those vids!
Well if people are willing to take drugs (both prescription or the illegal type) then they shouldn't be iffy about GMO.
"Even monkeys peel bananas" that had me laughing for 10 minutes straight 😂😂😂😂
We made banana boats. Leaving the peel on, slit it lengthwise to about the middle of the banana. We put in chocolate chips and mini-marshmellows, wrap it in foil, put it in the coals of the campfire and let the chips and marshmellows melt, then eat. It tasted good to me. You can put it in the oven on low heat until the chips and marshmellows melt as well.
You should get a vacuum chamber
Algorithm comment ;) so more people see it in recommendations
video volume is super low
I tried the plastic wrap trick and it seemed to work but I don't buy bananas from just one place. I honestly love gmo foods. Watermelons used to be dry and bridle and corn used to be one row wide. I think that gmo food is going to be the future to help sustain a growing population because all of our food is modified but we just don't know it because not all modifications are documented.
I did the chocolate banana in school
I think most people don't understand what GMOs are exactly. They just hear "genetically modified" and think "not natural" so its going to be bad. The fact of the matter is most of what we buy in stores is GMO in some way. For example, there's no way to sustain fruits and veggies that flat out don't have SEEDS and the solution is they produce the seeds in a lab, essentially. Another example: Tomatoes don't grow that big naturally, and if you plant a seed from a tomato you bought from Walmart or where ever its not going to grow the same thing you ate, they are modified.    Any concern for negative side effects of GMO products is something scientists are already thinking of and is figured out during testing phases. That footage Ann showed of James Dale is probably showing his process of testing: he's made hundreds of genetically modified banana plants and is testing them over and over to see if the modifications had the desired result, and to see if there are any unintended side effects. He doesn't just send the first modified banana plant he made, this is probably the result of years and years of testing.
Banana skin is not an UV protectant!! there are 3 sunscreen types, physical (mineral), chemical and hybrid (mix between the previous 2). There are only 2 natural,mineral UV protectants:Titanium Dioxyde and Zinc oxyde. those are also good for sensitive skin. chemical sunscreen can be irritating, thought it has benefits of not getting a white cast. However, physical sunscreen has been very well developed these days where the particles are micro sized, allowing for little to no white cast.  Clothing can also help, something tight woven, dark coloured is good for sun protection! although some are better than other due to stretch, wear and tear etc... But there are some special developed UV clothing if you are interested. but please whetver your UV protectant is, do your research, apply 2mg/cm2 every 2h and take sun protection seriously! melanominal suncancer is a serious issue and should not be taken lightly.
i learnt so much about bananas!
my grandma used to do the chocolate bananas for us kids when we went camping! cut open a banana add chocolate and mini marshmallows, wrap in tinfoil and heat on the fire. so good!
Ann, you’re amazing. Such an inspiration on so many levels!
I'm preoccupied for Dave tasting all those "hacks"
thing about GMO ... Food is OK for humans to consume but bureaucracy and laws may not be for farmers. Not mentioning contaminating other banana species with new potentially invasive ones. It's complicated. But it might be that we won't have a choice...
Eating a banana as I watch! Lol
It's great how you make this videos with the fun part of debunking, but also a aducational part with science and the disease! Thanks for your videos!
*“Man, now that I’m marrying a woman really good with food, I’ll never have another problem with food again!”*
Bananas from the Canary Islands are great, and a lot of the types grown there are resistant to the Panama disease
This was an amazing video honestly as long as the GMO does not damage anyone or anything and is being used for a good cause I don't mind GMO's.
I see I'm not the only one annoyed at people for stupid things. I'm annoyed that people keep going on about the fact George Floyd couldn't breathe, if he 'couldn't breathe' then how could he speak... If you can't breathe you can't talk the fact he couldn't breathe for 8 minutes before passing out is complete bullshit he could breathe for most of it as you pass out after 3 minutes not 8
I'm greek and omg hahaha
Wait...so are we eating seedless bananas?! :O
The funny thing is that my sister will only eat green bananas
You just blew my mind with those seeds in the bananas. I had no idea that was a thing.
Happy holidays Ann
Debunked ❤️
Happy Thanksgiving day! Thank you for sharing the crazy hack videos! THEY are true 🦃 🦃 🦃 🦃🦃 turkeys. 😂!!!
Wow, a hack that actually worked!
I think it's better to have a modified new seeds because it is like medicines. It's solving the problem.
Well, if you cover your entire body with banana skins, they will block the uv rays from reaching your skin..
I guess you can say     These banana hacks were just a LOAD OF BANANAS  I sincerely apologize for any cringe
For the zombie banana one, maybe they took a normal banana and turned it brown but reversed the video, idk. But they, that just a theory!
That channel featured should be taken down. Dangerous misinformation.
In Indonesia, no one would believe that hanging banana will delay the ripening process. It is because, we hang banana all the time. The banana sellers even hang banana in their shops. LOL
Ly
Personally I'm cautious about GMO when the genes are from wildly different organisms (e.g. animal gene in a plant), when the objective is to add or eggagerate a trait for profit that can have serious effects on native plants and animals (e.g. GM salmon and glyphosate-resistant soy), and where a private entity will own the resulting GM seed/creature in perpetuity (e.g. annual seed license fees and prohibitions on saving seed).  Where the genes come from related organisms like this wild banana gene and the papaya blight resistance gene and where the resulting crop is given/sold to people to manage without requiring continuing license payments (which was the case with golden rice), I think GM has a lot of potential to improve food security, health, and the livelihood of farmers.   I think GMOs are an area where scientists and the big companies bankrolling this research need stronger ethical checks in their selection, production, and distribution models. It's a pat routine now to trot out golden rice as *the* example of a benevolent GM effort as a response to criticism of crops that increase pesticide usage. However, calling up the good a person does is not necessarily a defense against the harm they might also do; a person's generous charity work would not excuse their drunk driving. I want to see more than one of these food security-enhancing crops, I want more recent developments than 20 years ago, and I don't want to see small farmers getting shaken down for license fees to keep growing food.
I saw the hair dryer trick before from TV show.   I not sure from Sponge or Mega clever.   first they jut put banana in refrigerator .  The cold will cause the banana peel to turn brown ( make it look like rotten but actually not )  the color will change back slowly to yellow again in room temperature ( they just make progress faster by heat it up with hair dryer ).    it's just a cool trick for prank  but not mean they can change rotten banana back to fresh again.
Can I hear a cat near the end of the video or am I going crazy?
Okay so in India, we make dishes using banana peel and a lot if other vegetable skins. It tastes really good and really spicy.
There's nothing wrong with GMO because in some instances it's super important to have them for the survival of people, especially when there are types of rice that have been genetically modified to provide necessary nutrients for individuals that have limited nutrition. GMO's are good, and sometimes they naturally end up genetically modified through accidental cross breeding. In my opinion, it's a natural and very important process!
“Separate banana fridge” 🤣
If you ever divorce Dave, let me know. You both are lucky to have each other :D
I believe GMO is ok when it's about saving/making plants better. In flavor, size or whatever... at the end of the day it's about botanics... It's chemistry and biology, not some kind of demonic magic. I undestand that there has been modifications that are bad for the environment or for human consumption (
I never got the whole ethylene craze, but it's so wide spread many bunches are sold with a wax/plastic seal on the tops now xD  it's REALLY good to hear about the gmo on banana's, we need to do the same for cacao (check that one out and how dangerous it is for plantations)
I do gcse food tech and you've explained the ripening process really well and I finally understand it!! Thank you soooooo much Ann 💕💕💕❤️❤️😊
I used to love Ann Reardon. Wait every Friday for the videos. But not so much anymore. This channel is not what it used to be. Instead of debunking theories, I would actually love to see you create something like you used to. Sorry, but not really sorry... 😭
I honestly don’t understand why anyone would be against GMOs. They give me anti-vax vibes. 😂
24:29 Banana Fridge! 😁
If anything the banana beads got darker
24:16 Do you have a cat? I think  I think hear meowing hehe
I think a lot of people are afraid of GMO food because of the media but it is a science that has the potential to stave off famine and save thousands, if not millions, of lives in certain parts of the world x
This is a great example of why GMO's aren't the enemy. Making wheat that doesn't get rust or bananas that don't get Panama disease is a wonderful thing, it's not dangerous or scary. The GMO issue that is dangerous and scary and that we shouldn't support is the exploitation of farmers and the world's food because large companies own the genetic material of those crops.
I love that you're always teaching us while you debunk these hacks. Much love
GMO can be confusing.  Personally, I feel GMO from one banana to another banana its still a banana .GMO between two completely different species (i.e. the infamous halibut/strawberry cross) is truly questionable.  Where Monsanto has made crops resistant to chemical pesticides so you can no longer wash the chemicals off the food because it is now IN the food item, is totally unacceptable.
Wait but there are lots of edible, Cavendish-like banana cultivars in the world! Cause that's what the Cavendish is, a cultivar. Not a species. As for banana species that produce edible bananas, there are 2 of them I think.
this is a great video and i love your nails!!
don't you guys make chocolate bananas in aluminum foil on the campfire? :D Also, I think the apple + banana in a plastic bag thing is supposed to be about the banana ripening the apple faster, not the other way around. I remember having this as a science project when I was young, but with a tomato instead of an apple
I just cover them because of the flies that  are annoying around fruits lol can u please talk about potatoes and onions? Is there a kind of mith about storing them together, and I don't know if thats true
people that says GMO are bad don't know what GMO actually is
5 minute daft xD that sh0uld be their name.
Modified doesn’t mean bad or dangerous. Sometimes they are healthier for you than the original. I’d eat the modified ones even if it’s just to keep other people from struggling if banana is their livelyhood.
The people who still believe GMOs are bad are the same kinds of people who take advice from 5 Minute Crafts. If you're somehow still on the fence about it, or just would like to know more about the topic, Kurzgesagt has an amazing animated video on the topic, showing that GMOs benefits go waaay beyond just making the food last longer, with the potential to also solve many important global issues, and is a good hub for further reading on the topic with dozens of fascinating research links in their description.
I wrap the banana in tinfoil, with marshmallows and chocolate chunks, and cook it in the toaster oven. It's not bad! :) but microwave sounds gross, cooks it a different way and just isn't the same
What do people against genetic modification in food eat? Nothing mass produced i guess, they must have their own farms and eat their own produce.
People who are subbed to 10 hour  crafts do all the stuff because they trust 10 hour crafts, because they notice so many other ppl are subbed to them, thinking their making resl videos snd the ppl tried the hadk and it worked, the subbed ppl will want to later try it and never tries it Heres a example   "HEY YOUR A BIG FAT LIER EVERYTHING ON FIVE MINUTE CRAFTS WORKS YOUR JUST JEALOUS OF THEM!" No hate this is just a example I love the channel!             Also, ann in your next video or if you already said this in a video, 5 minute crafts most of the time dont t ake 5 minutes, it takes a full day! Or more that 5 minutes
Got so much info about bananas  Thanks Ann ☺️❤️
do I hear a puppy in the background ?
Our Kroger sells the organic bananas with the plastic wrap around the stems.
For the aloe grown in the banana, maybe they got different roots, but I also wonder if that's just how wet aloe vera roots grow. I fish keep and grow "semi-aquatic" plants off the top part, and the roots between my wandering jew and pothos plants are very different in the water and in soil. Plant roots that usually grow in the water are thin and pale like the aloe in the banana. When it's in soil, it's like the one you stuck outside. I'm saying the aloe actually grew in the banana since we don't really have evidence it did, but I wouldn't be "too surprised" if the roots grew like that in a damp/wet environment
Regarding GMO products, my opinion varies...  - If the modification is introducing a gene already present in the species or very, very closely related to the source (like here with the bananas), no problem. Mutations are unlikely to be introduced by this change alone.  - Plant->plant in general is fine, but cross-species laboratory modifications do make me a bit worried (allergies, unforeseen mutations).  - Animal->animal cross-species (variants are like the banana example, a-OK) GMO freaks me out, to be honest - and I am highly interested in genetics! Even wanted to be a gene researcher in the past, haha. If it's a gene that has absolutely no reason to be there by itself and was taken from another species (even if it's resistance to a decease), I get goosebumps.  -When we are talking about not just cross-species, but cross-KINGDOMS, oooh, that's real mad science, I tell you! Whose idea was it to take the anti-freeze gene from fish and put it into tomatoes??? My guess, which is purely unresearched speculation, the genes are actually quite similar in reality (and likely even the same 'variable' gene with a different 'value' attributed to it), but the very idea still feels so alien to me somehow!
GMOs are no problem for me. I've made a long research session on it before, and there is no real evidence that it is harmful for humans. What can be a problem is, that some GMOs are explicitly designed to be very resistant against many bugs, which can in fact can lead to problems in the food chain of certain animals. So for me, I have no problem in buying certain food or other GMOs, it just always depends on what has been modified, and the available research regarding this. Yes, it certainly is a good chunk of work to do that kind of research, but first, you'll educate yourself on the topic, which in fact everyone should do, and second, it'll help you put together a more healthy diet, since you start to really understand the food you've been eating your whole life. So for me, GMOs are totally fine, as long as they don't disrupt the whole food chain in nature.
The chocolate bits one: the only difference between this and a camping recipe  I grew up with was using a microwave instead of foil in the embers.
I'd eat GMO bananas
Si l don't cook but l am like vert interested in your debunking videos it's like learning something which is so much more interesting and informative thank you 👍❤️❤️
Realizing her signature looks very similar to mine. Only I'm an artist, and a writer... Obviously, I'm watching her. She's the master, not me.
“Even monkeys peal bananas” lol!
Yes. I love this series.
there are at lease 3 other spicies of banana in our grocery sotre in canada ( tiny banana, one browner banana and an other that is almost the same as cavendish ) so there are alertnative. Fore the GMO for me they are only a faster way to get selective breading of plant, Expert in selective breading can almost do what they want but its a long process over many many plant generation.
ppl been doing gmo from the day 1 we decided to plant our crops thousands years ago... corn used to had very few seeds, carrot originally was purple  gmo is all around us, and either it's done by natures evolution, traditional methods like getting two different pigeons to make 3rd with different set of characteristics, or done in lab on cellular level  and about that poor aloe plant - they don't have such long roots xD it looks like they glue some threads xD
corn is a gmo, dogs are gmos, most vegetables are gmos, being anti gmo is just frankly being severely misinformed
Ann over here having banana Christmas...hanging bananas on the christmas tree
the banana sunscreen... I think it's going to burn and stain your skin because of the banana oil.  If you look into the beads, the banana covered seems to have a slightly stronger color than the control beads. That leads me to beleave that I might be right on my first assumption.
In my life I have found that separating the bananas helps them, ever so slightly, keep from over ripening for a couple days.
To anyone wondering why she was wearing a long black tshirt in the hot sun, Ann has some sort of allergy or something to uv light, which she talked about in her draw my life Just a little fun fact x
the fruit fly population in australia must have tripled after this vid
you look so pretty!!! btw here in chile when bananas turn “zombie bananas” we made marmalade, it taste really good :3
I think the ethylene thing makes sense - sure its from the pulp, but the outer layer is water proof, likely there's a thin waxy layer on the epidermis because it does not need to breathe unlike the leaf, so unless there's little holes, gas will pass only slowly through the layer bc diffusion is impeded. but if you rip up a bunch of nanners, you open up a massive wound in tissue that allows diffusion far better, so more ethylene will diffue out of the bit until the area is closed down, but even the dried out tissue might be more permeable
i'm a student in biology, we study GMO a lot to understand how genes work and thing like that.   As you said, "natural" bananas  are pretty much un-eatable; since the prehistoric times, humans have selected which of those bananas had slightly smaller seeds, only re-planting the seeds of those ones. then they planted the seeds of the bananas that were bigger, and so on and so one, which makes it so through history and a selective planting, bananas became bigger, with way smaller seeds, and aquired some pretty good taste. That is, technically speaking a modification of their genes, so it is gmo. every single organism (tomatoes, dogs, horses, wheat) humans have interracted with, for thousands of years, has been genetically selected, and so modified. We are surrounded by gmos, which is not a bad thing.   Now, to speak about the laboratory-made gmo, which is way quicker : there are different types of it. The gist is "i can copy any gene and put it in another organism, trying to make it express the same things" :  - take "glow in the dark" gene from jellyfish and make it express in rat organs: now, you can check  what's the size of the rat organ without having to open the poor animal. That is objectively good, at least for the rat.  - Take "resist the disease" from banana A and make it express in banana B : banana B can now survive the disease, which is objectively better for EVERYONE involved (except whatever made the disease, i guess).  The problem is that some companies, like Monsanto, use this super cool technic to make stuff that is... not good.  -"If I make my apple tree super-resistant to pesticide, i can literally drown it in pesticide, and my harvest will be fine !" is bad, because then there is pesticide everywhere, which is both bad for the environment, the insects, the biodiversity, the humans that have to do the harvest, and even people who eat those apples if they have not been rinsed profusely.  - "If I make wheat that, even if planted, will not give any sprout, it's good for me because that means farmer cannot grow their own and have to buy it from me !" is very bad for farmers, and quite scummy.  - "If I make my pear express the pesticide, then no bug will eat my pear and i will sell more!" is bad because if not done properly, people will bite into a pesticide-making pear, and eat the pesticide.   So, be careful with big words like "GMO" ! Not all of them are good, but not all of them are bad ! The technique is very cool, and the biggest enemy in all this is people who want to make money whatever it takes, be it on the back of dying farmer. As always, Capitalism is the problem. ^^
Actually, zombie bananas are ripe and yellow are still young. The blacker they get, the sweeter they are!
There are people out there who will insist that eating the wild banana is the best option. People can be so caught up in their privilege. They have all the resources to eat whatever they want and they shun science because they can afford to. There are very few things in life that do not have drawbacks, but the majority of this concept is beneficial. If people would take the time to educate themselves,  they would see it's not some nefarious scheme to hurt people. People that can afford to educate themselves should so that they can educate those who cant.
The one with the chocolate in the banana, this we do all the time, but not in the microwave, we use it on an camp fire by wraping it in aluminium foil and puting it in the fire.
Never really understood why people freak out over spots on a banana. Its still fine to eat, and probably sweeter than when they were spotless  And cavendish is only really notable for i think hardiness and beauty - they are wonderfully spotless  Most banana varieties (theres TONS in southeast asia, and theyre actually a bit more flavorful than cavendish) actually are never seen yellow without spots
In Brazil we usually put a kind of banana in our barbecue grill. Most times, just the banana but I have already seen with chocolate. The banana is called "banana caturra" or "banana figo" and tastes amazing when cooked.
It'll be a little irrelevant, but your hair looks gorgeous. I couldn't take my eyes off your hair throughout the whole video. I don't care about the bananas, show us your hair hacks. :)) Joking aside, great video.
I have no issue with gmo. We have been modifying our food by different methods since we started cultivating food. I am not really sure why people have problems with it. I do wish we hadn’t wiped out so many varieties. I understand that companies that ship large quantities need to keep things uniform but smaller companies and home growers should have access to other varieties. We also never know when one of those varieties will have the genetics to “fix” something like the Panama disease.
Oh my, watching Dave eat the banana peel pulled pork and then be told what it was, was amazing. I had never heard of the Panama Disease! i am not personally too opposed to genetically modified foods, and I do think keeping bananas around is vastly more important than potentially letting the fruit go extinct  (if that’s even possible?). I’m hopeful we keep bananas around. 🤞🏻🥺
I never understood the aversion to gmos almost everything we eat has been modified in some way buy cross breeding or selective breeding it can't hurt you and in most cases actually helps you by allowing farmers to use less pesticides and making the plant grow year round i can see no reason to avoid gmos
gmos aren’t bad, corporate monopolies that control who gets to grow what are bad
I think the organic/GMO debate in my opinion since it is in a peel would it matter which variety you buy? Also I buy organic only because in my area anyway (Houston Texas) they’re so much bigger!! So I buy those but I would love to be informed does it really matter with fruits that have a peeling?? My overall stance with any other fruits and veggies I just wash them really well and I don’t usually buy organic.
The thing with genetic modification/engineering is that it covers such a wide variety of things, so that are good and some less so. And even long before the flavour saver tomato, seedless watermelon/grapes and round-up ready crops, humans have been genetically engineering foods through selective breeding. I think it deserves a much more nuanced look than it gets. That being said I do also understand the hesitation and scepticism around it and I think we should be sceptical, we should be asking questions about the process and motivation, but we shouldn't outright dismiss a good thing, like TR4 resistant bananas, just because they fall into the category of genetically modified.
I found it odd you didn't mention the Gros Michel Banana. It's an older variety that was phased out due to Panama. It's flavour was apparently closer to the "banana flavour" we have in candies and other banana treats.
Not really related to the video but I heard distant kitten meows later in the video- are you gonna show us some cat videos? ♥
I heard Acetylene gas makes fruits ripe. Not ethylene.  We usually put them in a container and smoke so it will ripe quickly. 🤔
As anyone from the topics know, there are HUNDREDS of different types of bananas.  Why are we spending so much trying to save the cavendish when there are many different types we could choose from?
I don't know about the cavendish, but señoritas are better
Aren't red tomatoes Genetically modified?
Is it okay to label her vedios as "satisfying vedios". Because idk why but i feel so calm just listening her. Ann you're so full of positivity. Love from india🇮🇳
Good job transgenics!  It's funny how people are so against "Genetically Modified Organisms" when most of what we eat is modified with selective breeding at the very least. Wheat? Corn? Beef? All selectively bred for centuries before genetics even made its way to the lab. The plants or individuals who have the most/most desirable yield were used to create the next generation. But the layman doesn't include that when they say "GMO". Instead, they are trying to refer to genetically *engineered* organisms.  And, truthfully, modified plants are actually safer than "organic" because they don't need much pesticide at all, which is good for consumers and the farmers who would otherwise be exposed to the chemicals extensively.  Studies have shown--and the FDA agrees--that there's no safety/nutrient difference in the meat between regular, altered, or even cloned beef cattle. (No, we aren't actually eating clone meat, the process is far too expensive and the purpose of cloning good producers is to have breeders, not the individuals we eat)
i think people would be less scared of GMO if clickbaity popsci articles would stop depicting it as a syringe of vague chemicals going into a fully-ripe tomato
All bananas are heavily, heavily genetically modified. Anyone concerned about eating this new disease-resistant banana due to it being a GMO shouldn't have been eating bananas in the first place. The trees that bear the bananas we eat don't even grow from seeds... they are grown from cuttings from other banana trees. It's why these bananas don't have enough genetic variance to survive a disease like this without a lot of human help. They all basically just come from trimmings of trimmings of trimmings (etc.) of the same original tree.
I’m going bananas
I think it's interesting to point out that the cavendish not having those big hard seeds is part of what makes it so suceptible to disease. In other bananas, even if they were suceptible to the disease at some point, genetical variation from each individual plant would mean natural selection would take it's course, and genes that can resist the disease would be favourably picked.  But cavendish bananas don't reproduce via seeds. To some extent, they're all genetically identical, because they're clones of each other, so there are no disease resistant genes to be favourably selected. GMO is, right now, the ONLY way to introduce disease resistance to the cavendish, and like you said, that's kind of a big deal.
Poor Dave always has to try those um.. interesting recipes
The banana beads actually look darker than the control beads.
I love this episode! Although I did whatch the part with the plant in the banana and all the mold while I was eating 🤮. And for your question I find it fascinating about the genetically engendered one so I would still eat it. Make it a great week Anne
Τhe video with the chocolate inside the banana is in greek!!! I didn't know people do that though..
The microwaved banana thing is usually actually a camping thing, you put chocolate in a banana and wrap it in foil then put it in the coals of a fire for a bit, it's more a fun thing to do than something that's actually that good.
There's nothing wrong with genetically modified foods, in my book. It's really just a faster version of what we've already done to corn, watermelon, etc over the years. The issue comes in with corporations who deliberately create crops that can't produce seeds on their own, forcing farmers to buy seeds from them every. single. year.  but that's an issue with the corporations trying to induce something akin to planned obsolescence in the food supply, not the food itself
When we were cubs and scouts, We used to do backwards cooking at camp and we put a chocolate flake in the middle of the banana wrapped it in tin foil and place it in the embers it was yummy.
Love the information about the bananas definitely have no problem with GMO especially when it's doing work like this!
Tbh my biggest concern about GMOs is that companies like Monsanto modify crops, pretty much eliminate the natural variety from the market and charges an absurd price for the seeds, making it more expensive to the final consumer as well.
Citrus plants are going through a similar issue in regards to getting wiped out, though by a disease (HLB) rather than a virus. You ought to discuss it if you haven't already.   And in regards to GMO's... we have been genetically engineering food since we started farming thousands of years ago. You ought to have an episode that compares the original versions of fruits, vegetables, and plants to what we've engineered them to today. Ironically, the differences between the original banana and the modern one is the most prominent one to me.
I'm jealous for Dave's eyelashes
I'm in favor of GMO crops, as our world changes we need our food sources to adapt with it.
banananana rototate banananana rototate banananana rototate
I guess banana peel blocks uv light, you just need to put the whole peel on your skin! Which I do not recommend...
i use the super ripe ones for banana bread!
Imagine freaking out over GMO but not over highly processed meats which have carciogenes in them.
The problem with the conversation on GMOs is that a lot of people don't get that technically everything we eat aside from wild-caught/hunted meats and foraged vegetation is in some fashion genetically modified. Selective breeding, cross-pollination,  and multiple other "natural" (read: not done in a laboratory) factors modify the genes of the organisms we consume all the time and have done so for hundreds or in some cases even thousands of years. Different stocks of corn, or apples, or chickens, or whatever else, had to be genetically modified to get what we have today, the process just took longer because we didn't have the technology to cause those changes with speed and accuracy.
10:03 I love that movie.
I was waiting for this debunking video. Yayy new videooo😂🤩
why is that banana with giant seeds picture going to haunt me for the rest of the day
Anti GMO people don’t realize that almost everything we eat is GMO, exactly like what you said with the original banana have those seeds that made it inedible. Therefore we bred them genetically to have less seeds. Same with corn, it used to be unyielding, & the corn we have now is in almost everything too. If you’re anti GMO  you wouldn’t really be able to eat much of anything. I’m pretty sure people are scared of GMOs because they imagine some highly chemically lab based process akin to Jurassic park...
Si cool
You should do a hard times recipes episode
Lmao i was like "φαντασου να επιλεξει την ελλαδα στο VPN"  and then you actually did 😂
Thanks!
That chocolate in the banana thing was a popular thing to do while rusting camping when I was a kid in the Midwest (USA). We called them banana boats and they are DELICIOUS over a campfire- we also add marshmallows in.
I think you're giving these channels way too much credit by researching where they get these ideas from. They probably enter somebody's house, grab 2 random objects and make a hack. Makes for a fun video though
hey Ann, love your channel. but could you up the volume a little? :)
We make the chocolate stuffed bananas all the time! My mom learned it in Girl Scouts but we wrap them in foil and cook them in the coals of a bonfire
they had a magic plant in their video... that leaf will never grow roots without a node
When we have a fire in our backyard, my mom would wrap aluminum foil around a banana stuffed with chocolate and marshmallow fluff, and cooks that on the fire. It was good, ate with ghramcrackers.
The volume is really low in this video, I nearly jumped out of my sofa when the ads showed up due to the volume difference!
Great content thank you
WAIT WHAT  BANANAS WITH SEEDS
Regarding the quandary of diseases and GMO mentioned at the end of the video: Personally I support GMO *as a last resort.* It's preferable to seeing the Cavendish destroyed completely, but I'd rather see the banana cultivar diversified so that we weren't so dependent on the Cavendish. There's like a million variations on apples, all with subtle differences o make them suitable for different conditions and tastes. And yeah, some commercial apples have been inbred to the point of disgrace, but it's not so much of a problem because there are so many other cultivars to choose from. I've heard a little about different types of bananas but they're not very commercially available outside of the areas they're grown. Unfortunately, since the fungus is already a fact, it's a little late to breed for new commercial variations of seedless bananas with immunity in the old-fashioned way. A lot of people who don't support GMO may end up having to choose between eating GMO or never tasting a banana again.
Can we talk about how last time she did a holo video and now she's doing a banana hack video? Where is the collab with Simplynailogical😂
I have actually done the banana with the chocolate! But I wrap it up in foil and put it in a fire, the I eat it with ice cream or something. I think it tastes pretty good actually!
That banana and chocolate is so good! You can actually but bananas in grill for a while, skin turn black but inside is just fine. I never scoop some of banana out, I just put two or three piece of chocolate there. But good to know that this dessert can be done in microwave too :)
I feel like most anti-GMO folks kind of miss the mark and come off like anti-vaxers. As someone who frequently buys organic and vegan products I'm honestly often annoyed when companies list non-gmo along other, actually scientifically or ethically based categories. It's a big thing here in Germany, lots of people mistrust GMOs. I don't have a problem with genetically modified crops, literally all crops we eat are modified through cultivation. What I do object to is business practices where farmers are made to buy basically copyrighted seeds each year instead of being able to plant their own, if they want to grow gmos. Optimizing food production and especially lessening the environmental burden of farming through pesticides and herbicides is in the common interest and should be publicly funded work, not done for private profit.
You should all watch Julien Solomita cook that pulled banana peel recipe. If Anne and Dave didn't convince it's a bad recipe, Julien will
The chocolate stuffed banana is a camping classic, atleast in Sweden. You stuff it with whatever, chocolate, marshmellows, cookies etc, wrap it in tinfoil and pop it into the embers!
I would love to see a video with for a key lime pie recipe that is delicious and creamy, I want to make one for my boyfriend for his birthday in two weeks.
These videos blow my mind. Even as a scientist, I find myself misled. I just showed this to my fiance and was like, “The world lied to us about how bananas ripen!!!” 😂 Now I know to put them in the fridge and ignore the brown peel. Maybe feed it to my fiance. 😈
fun fact  : i didn't eat any banana for 2 years and 7 month now.
When I was a kid my siblings and I would make what we called Banana Explosions. We would cut open a banana peel like they did, add chocolate chips, peanut butter, and mini marshmallows and microwave it. We absolutely loved them as kids.
Can we just appreciate ann for a minute? She went out into the sun for us when it’s dangerous for her just to give us a demonstration of beads
Most people don't realize that a lot of the fruit and veg we eat daily have been genetically modified for years, it's just not advertised... GMO isn't a bad thing, it helps us adapt our food to the changing world and climate.
Hahahhaahaha.... I love how you torture Dave everytime 🤣🤣🤣
I think a lot of people don't understand what GMO actually means, and that plays into the fear. GMO simply means a genetically modified organism, i.e. one who has been bred to have certain genes. Selective breeding is a form of genetic modification. Modern crops and domesticated animal breeds are all examples of genetically modified organisms. What most people are referring to when they fret about "GMOs" are transgenic organisms, i.e. ones whose genes have been modified in the lab.   The advantage of using science to select for genes in a lab setting becomes clear if you look at our banana here, with its susceptibility to disease. It's hard when breeding living organisms to breed for a single trait, because a lot of genes pass on to the next generation together. An easy to picture example is the modern dog. Basically, the friendliness to humans trait (genes) happens to get passed along with the genes for.... floppy ears! That's why many dogs have floppy ears, while wolves have pointed ears. Notice how it's not a hard and fast rule either though, because there's plenty of friendly pointy-eared dogs out there. Breeding has an element of luck involved. So when we get into the lab, we can take most of that element of luck and guesswork out.   Returning to the banana, sure, we could try breeding the wild one with the cavendish, but it will take generations to approach a desirable product again, with no guarantee if it will be palatable and take well to large scale farming. It would certainly never be the same. By selecting just the gene we want from the wild variety, we can keep our familiar banana around while making it hardier.   Transgenic organisms are a really useful technology in a modern world obsessed with productivity and optimization, and efficient production of highly nutritional food is becoming more and more needed. We have cold-resistant strawberries and high vitamin-A containing rice, for example. There are so many possibilities, from practical to wonderful. We can make crops that can grow in poor and polluted soil, or bacteria that produce medicine in large quantities. Or we can make wildly flavoured fruits that taste like other fruits. Imagine if we brought back the old banana flavour!
Hello Mrs. Ann 🥰 This has nothing to do with nanas but.. Your hair looks GORGEOUS
The one with the chocolate in the banana reminds me or a scout and guiding camp dessert, where u cut a straight ling in the middle, put some chocolate buttons in, wrap it in tin foil, then stick it in the embers from the main meals fire
Great video! I just sent the link to my AP Bio students. Cell communication, GMOs, and asexual reproduction. Thank you!
I clicked this thinking it was an old video, got so excited when I realized.
One time I bought a batch of green bananas (cuz I knew I wouldn’t be eating them right away) and they never yellowed. I saw a “hack” you put the bananas in a paper bag with an apple and it totally worked! I guess released that gas from the Apple. I’m not sure if that’s what it was the cause but totally worked highly recommend to try! Ps. They stayed green for about a week.
A lot of People are anti-genetically modified.  That makes no sense to me because almost every fruit we eat is medically modified as well as vegetables.
If GMO saves the crop I'll all for it
I still don't know why the chilli was put inside the banana
That banana/chocolate thing is a camping dessert... But normally you wrap it in foil and toss it on the campfire.
Hi Ann appreciating you for being an eye opener by making such a informative video... Keep going 👍 ... Waiting for more debunking videos...
Anti modified food? Have they seen a not modified banana?! It looks unappetising (edit: oh she just showed wild bananas)
Funny you said that about keeping them in the fridge: my grandma always keeps them in the fridge!
Ok, how can you say that you don’t want something to taste bad for Dave? After all you’ve put him through?
Every food we eat comes from GMO species... Agriculture is a process of selection of the best qualities for consumption (aka: GMO but slower). I think the debate is not about genetic modifications but how to do it in a Safe way that considers the impact on ecosystems
I absolutely hate bananas, but I will always watch your videos
The only reason I hang bananas is not to prevent them ripening, it's to prevent bruising, they're fragile once they start to ripen to the point where I like them. Still this was a really fantastic, informative video, I learned a lot! I will say I have tried refrigerating bananas before, they do stay fresher longer, but they don't taste quite the same.
okay the chocolate banana thing is good, but it’s a camping thing, not a microwave thing. you put chocolate and marshmallows in a slit in a banana,wrap it in tinfoil, and put it on a grill over a low fire for a few minutes! i admit cooked banana isnt for everyone but i like it! lol
@Ann  There is an other way to get the peel black.  Just freeze it and it will turn yellow again by heating it up ;) No black inc needed :)
Baked chocolate bananas are THE BEST – they've helped me through a bad time or two :P inc 2020
I learned about the banana disease back in 2013/2014 and the article was from 2008. The honest to goodness fact is that most foods are GMOs. Whether we’ve inserted genes or specifically altered breeding of seeds, most mainstream foods are GMO. From what I’ve heard and read, GMOs aren’t necessarily bad things. Most of them are like this new strain of cavendish banana where it’s been made more available for more places by making them disease resistant or stronger roots or harder for bugs to eat. GMOs have solved a lot of hunger issues throughout the world where there are droughts or strong wings that can destroy food supplies. I believe the cavendish banana is also a GMO. Most bananas in the wild are heavily filled with large seeds, but we’ve modified the ones with smaller seeds to be seedless. I don’t think GMOs are the problem. I think that the processing of food and changing of how our bodies react to it is bad. I can’t remember if the GMO/non-GMO label is one that’s regulated by the USA FDA, but lots of food trends like free range aren’t. There are a lot of buzz words around food to try and sell products. I think it’s up to individuals to learn more about how to appropriately take care of themselves with their diet than it is to get excited about the “new/cleaner” foods that people want to sell you.
Ann Reardon: master detective
Sat at work, on my break, watching this video after buying a banana, not sure I wanna eat it anymore XD
If you're ever curious about the banana peel pulled pork, cook until the crunchiness is out of the banana peel... it's quite delicious and does compare pretty nicely to pulled pork. And as recommended, use the peels from really ripe (but not too ripe because that makes scraping the inside bits impossible), organic bananas. Use your imagination to take soft banana peel to shredded pork.
....is this count as fruit abuse
i can tell she is trying so hard to stay family ffriendly
That was the world's saddest time-lapse! Thanks for the awesome info and debunking Ann! And thumbs up to Dave for trying all of the creations.
I like how the banana beads actually made the beads darker in color than plain UV beads
It's kinda sad to see all these hacks to keep banana completely spotless considering black spots are completely normal for many banana varieties. Some aren't even ripe yet without the spots.
I don't see the big issue with altering a food that's already been altered already. No one would eat bananas if humans hadn't altered them, this newer altering is not any different.
Your rosemary plant is beautiful!
27:20 those 'anti-modified food people' are going to be horrified when they find out oranges are a cross between pomelos and mandarins (aka man-made).          Is it just me or is it weird saying man-made but there isn't a better way to put it that I know of.
My grandma say to put bananas is a paper bag and then place that under the kitchen sink or a darker cupboard.
Oh Ann you’re the absolute Queen of All Things Cooking & Food! You should have your own TV program that is broadcast to the whole world! :)  ... a fan from Brazil
*The weird feeling when you are Greek and the person who is shoving chocolate pieces into a banana talks in Greek and you get surprised* Oh boi.... Greeks being "smart" as per usual. BTW she said "Look at this banana and how it all comes together and melts"
Some more interesting facts: The reason TR4 is such a big deal for bananas is because all Cavendish and the Gros Michel we created by humans to not have seeds. So having a GMO version wouldn't be so different as what we are used to are not wild verities. There are dozens of wild verities that can be eaten however they are usually smaller and contain seeds.
Those hack are truly bananas
Laughed I watched a time-lapse of dying fruit.
On the banana ripening, must be why a ripe banana I had right off the tree was so much nicer and tastier than a store bought. Also the gros michele was SO MUCH BETTER than cavendish, but they were pretty much taken out. They still exist but they're expensive. Personally, GMO, it all depends. Like tomatoes. The cross breeding, and everything they've done has rendered it big and pretty but it lacks taste. Same with watermelons. I would give my right arm to have a nice tasty seeded watermelon like I used to get as a kid. Now they're tasteless, but they're shelf stable.
*BREAKING:* Bananas had been treated with genetic therapy to prevent extinction from Panama disease! Anti-GMO people: _Guess I'm not eating bananas anymore..._
im surprised that 5 minutes craft isn’t called 5 minutes scams
The world’s population would stave without GMOs, and the poorest countries would suffer the most. This whole debate was started by privileged people in rich countries who have no idea what GMOs even are, and are ignorant of the realities of harsh growing conditions and hunger. I don’t even bother with the argument, it’s all conspiracy and ignorance.
I usually transform my zombie bananas into banana bread.  It works every time!
The ethylene while hot air is blowing against it: 'ight imma head out
I heard the artificial "banana" flavor we use today is based off of the banana that became extinct in the 50s, that's why artificial banana flavor tastes nothing like the bananas we know today 😁
What do people prefer? Genetically modified bananas or no bananas at all?
I don’t know if it’s true, but my mom taught me to never store apples or onions next to other produce because both will cause other produce to ripen and go bad faster.
The microwaved chocolate banana is a common campfire food (at least in the UK). Usually you wrap it in tin foil then put it in the ashes of a campfire and the chocolate melts into the banana. We always did it at camp, some people loved it (like me) and some hated it, but I've definitely never heard of it being done in the microwave. It's mostly a matter of personal taste, but I will say, when you're out camping with your  mates and have no sweets or desserts, it's HEAVENLY.
Thanks for all the information. As far as the GMO, humans have been genetically modifying plants and animals for centuries. We just use more science now. Cross pollination and selective breeding are both forms of genetic modification.
The banana peel for sunscreen hack is not only wrong, but the lady in the scene only applies it to her face. Last I checked, sun protection isn't only for your face.
Absolutely wonderful.   The research you put into this-Amazing!   Thank you so much!    Hugs and Prayers ya'll
nord VPN is everywhere on youtube nowdays xD
What’s that thing where If someone knows a little bit of info they suddenly think they are a expert. Darn it’s gona bug me.
There is a lot of good gmo out there, the type that just elevates all the cultivated fruits and veggies for example. Where is goes wrong in my opinion is when plants are modified to be poisonous or inedible for insects and other “pests”, which then leads to poisoning or starving their predators and so on. If it’s just convenience for us (taste, better ability to be stored etc) it’s useful most of the time. But once you tamper with the impact on nature it gets dangerous.
I don't know why people are so freaked out about gmo food. I am worried about something I find out how it was modified most of the time it's things like this finding a way to allow the species to survive against a horrifying threat that would basically white bananas off the planet as we know them. I'm all for genetic modification, but I am also for educating yourself.   It takes very little these days most of the time it's stuff that you can look up online with a little bit of effort.
GMO's have been used for more than 15 years by Amish people now. It has made their work so much easier. Plus they don't have to use pesticides and insecticides.  If they thrive on GMO's, so can we. GMO isn't your enemy.
GMO’s have saved more than a billion lives already. Most fruits and vegetables you eat today are actually GMO’s already. They just weren’t done in a lab. There is nothing wrong with GMO’s. Nothing. PERIOD.
WHERES BYEEAANN TO SEE THIS?!!!!
I mean. If food is tasty and not dangerous. I'll eat it
That wild banana mildly triggered my inner trypophobe
The stores around here wrap the ends of the organic bananas with plastic wrap to make them last longer (since organic doesn’t sell as well as non-organic). Someone should tell them that it doesn’t matter...
I'm actually currently working toward a PhD in Genetics, so the topic of GMOs is really interesting to me! I can understand why some people might be skeptical of GMOs - it can definitely feel like a mad scientist's experiment at times. But for anyone who is worried about GMO bananas - think about it this way: bananas have more than 36,000 genes (that's actually more than we do!). These modified bananas are just like normal bananas, but 1 of those genes was chosen specifically by us. Also, before any GMO food makes it into the grocery store it would be subject to a bunch of testing to make sure it is completely safe to eat. GMO foods are safe and can lead to healthier and more plentiful food for the world.
i dont mind GMos at all,  everything we eat was at some point modified and cultivated to be more appealing.  such as watermelons. and even your own pet yes YOUR DOG IS GMO!
There are several edible breeds of bananas that are native to some countries and they don’t look like those seedy alien ones. But then I don’t know about their disease resistance.
I think they called them zombie bananas because they brought them back to yellow (as if they were brought back to life), not because they are brown
Honestly the banana peel recipe sounds like a famine food. Basically stuff people only eat when nothing else is available. (Sort of like eating leather)
Bananas as they are, they are genetically modified. 🤷🏾‍♂️ nobody eats a banana in their wild state they are inedible.
This is interesting, but you dont need to stop bananas browning, just use them to make banana cake!! It tastes really good. And a great way to re-use over-ripe bananas
The chocolate in the banana is actually a nice desert, but not in the microwave. Just put the banana on the BBQ, or in the oven untill the outside is black and the chocolate is molten.
Maybe we shouldn't encourage farmers to continue to grow giant clonal monocultures.  That's why these fungi are so devastating to all of our bananas.  If we actually encouraged farmers to use different breeds of bananas, and not ones that we have to clone to actually grow since cavendish can't propagate themselves, we could encourage a more robust banana agriculture.  All that's going to happen with this scientist adding the genes from a fungus resistant wild banana to our cloned bananas is that in 50 years, or less, something new will come along that will ravage the crop, and since they're all clones, it will spread unchecked.  The only intelligent way to stop this is to stop cloning bananas and figure out ways to grow genetically diverse plants with small enough seeds that consumers won't complain.  Or consumers will just have to learn to deal with some seeds.
I always learn something new in ur videos very interesting
Do you say sunscreen or sun creams  Let me know
It always brightens my day when a How To Cook That video comes out
I learned that the cavendish bananas were genetically modified to not have the large seeds.
I think the gmo banana are good because if u look past all the superficial things that put people off about gmos, then u really get to appreciate the work that’s being done.
bananas were already genetically modified (they have no seeds anymore! they are all genetically the same!) i’ll live. the fear mongering about GMOS is largely unbiased in fact and just the “what ifs”
Petition to pay Dave for double life insurance
GMOs are usually great for nutrition and the economy but humans do have a habit of taking those as reasons to skip proper testing and consideration of the environmental impact. I imagine if my livelihood were on the line I might feel differently- but in ten years if there are severe impacts on the ecology of the farmland, they may not be able to grow much of anything.
That poor man .. what all he is put through :D
At my old house we had a banana tree in are backyard but then we moved to a new house
Great video as always! maybe a GMO video next?
Fun fact: Aloes are Xerophytes, which are plants that have adapted to the lack of water in their environment. Their roots are thick, allowing them to absorb water faster, and the thickness of the roots also prevents the loss of water.  In the video the roots that they glued on were not only too thin to be aloe roots, but were taproots (grew straight down). Aloes have adventitious roots (roots that grow sideways, just underneath the surface of the soil) which allow them to absorb water as soon as possible after it hits the ground! 😁
even monkeys peel bananas 🤣
Why do people still watch these click bait fake videos?
You know, in here, we make fried banana for snacks. We use different bananas (idk the name, i'm sorry ;-;), it's not as sweet as the one you usually eat (and u can't actually eat it without cooking it, it's kinda hard and bitter). We fried the bananas with flour (supermarkets here usually sells the flour packet. After you fried it, it became softer and sweeter. I like it a lot, it's a tasty snack.
Being anti-gmo Is the ultimate sign of privilege. Billions of lives have been saved through modifying crops, but well to do people in rich countries are able to afford to be picky.
I never had an issue with GMOs and because of climate change and other factors I think we're going to have to rely more on them. What I do have issue with is companies like Monsanto capitalizing off of GMOs.
I love GMOs, so bring on the GM cavendish!
In the US bananas are often sold with the top of the stem wrapped in shrink plastic
I love your videos Ann I asked for ur merch for Xmas 😂
Ok I was listening to the video without looking at it so hearing Greek at some point through me of😂
Oh saucy baby!
I love Dave!❤️ He is soooo funny!❤️❤️❤️
the best bananas are a little brown
I used to be blanket anti-GMO because I assumed that GMO basically = Monsanto. But it turns out that plenty of GMOs actually help farmers, reduce food waste, and can solve food shortages, like these GMO bananas. And there's no evidence that they're bad for you to eat. One of the things that really turned me around was the Sawbones episode on GMOs.
Next video:  10 different ways to make banana bread!
Strange, the sound of this video was really off for me. I don't know if anybody else had the problem, but the sound was so quiet that I had to double the volume of my speakers in order to understand the video :-(
Does anyone else here the cat meowing at 24:23?
Did anyone else interpret the dark material in the mysterious chili/banana hack as coffee grounds?
What if I put them in a plastic bag in a fridge?? 🤔
So, banana peels are good to eat If cooked in a ton of barbecue sauce... interesting and honest experiment. Surely useful to know, in a limited way, If one has some problems with money. Still, I don't think I would personally try It. 🤣
You should talk more about genetically modified food I can listen to you for hours
Interesting, in the states, I buy organic bananas that are green, in the past couple years, they started selling the top of the banana bunch wrapped in plastic. I wonder why.
The hack with ripening bananas with apples works, but you have to use ripe or even overripe apples for it to work as they offgas a lot more ethylene.
"Even monkeys peel bananas" LOL
I’ve always found fridge bananas go black on the skin but stay pretty fresh inside for a good long while. Plus, they taste a bit like banana ice cream right from the fridge if they’re just soft enough  😄. Trick is getting them in the fridge right at the right point just as they’ve gotten perfect to eat to keep them that way for the rest of the week.      My mum maintains bananas taint everything else in fridge but I’ve never found that myself 🤷‍♀️.  There an interesting theory to test though lol.
Poor Dave! Thank you for being the guinea pig! You're such a good sport about it, too!  Now about the banana and chocolate melted in the microwave - we've done something very similar to that when camping with Girl Scouts.  Take a banana, cut the slit/flap and eat the banana slice.  Then stuff the gap with chocolate chips, mini marshmallows, chopped nuts, shredded coconut, etc. just as if you were making an ice cream sundae, replacing the banana skin flap over the contents.  Completely wrap the banana in aluminum foil, shaping your foil in a unique recognizable form (like with a long coiled piece of foil, or a  flattened "flower" shape near the top) so you can distinguish it from everyone else's wrapped banana.  Then place over campfire COALS for about 5 minutes til the chocolate and marshmallow have melted. Remove from coals with tongs, unwrap, hold with a potholder or a bandana that has been folded into many layers and eat! The warm softened banana is a non-dairy substitute for cold dairy ice cream.  I promise, it really does taste good!
“Cover up, Something tight weaved and dark in color to protect your skin”  That’s just asking to get a heatstroke, out in the sweltering sun with a black shirt is hella hot, I know from experience ú-ù
Dave: "Even monkeys peel bananas."   Fewer true words have ever been spoken HAHAHAHAHA! Thank you for your sacrifice Dave!
I’ve always been confused about the cavendish banana fear. In Madagascar we have different bananas- they are really tiny and more sweet and delicious than the ones in the west, and dont have those big seeds. I looked it up and I think they’re apple bananas? We also have the Madagascar banana but they are full of seeds and critically endangered, but I also read something that said maybe they could be cross bred with cavendish to introduce genetic diversity and perhaps develop resistance to the fungus. I also found other edible bananas varieties by just googling it (red bananas, lady’s fingers bananas). Maybe these are all also affected by the fungus?
The chocolate in banana doesn’t personally confuse me because when I was a girl guide we used to do that at camp. Everybody really liked it lol
When I was a kid we had some green crinkly bags with some little holes in them for fruits and vegetables. They were supposed to slow down ripening and they seemed to pretty good. Stuff would still go bad, but a bit slower (maybe a day or two later than normal). They might be worth a quick test for you.  (I looked it up just before posting, they're "Debbie Meyer Green Bags")
That is amazing-looking rosemary bush! Really big and healthy.
Can you tell us more about GMO foods?
Hi 🙋‍♀️. Do you have a cat? Or Bird? I can here a meow or chirp in your video 🥰🥰 You can really hear it after 24 mins :).
Just started the video (love it) but... the roots looked different on your plant vs their aloe because they were different species.  I have about 8 aloe vera plants around my apartment and their roots really are thin and spindly and soft. Your plant is a different type of succulent (I don't know which, could be in the same family as the aloe vera but not the same one from the 5 min crafts) and that's why your roots are firmer and thicker and yellow. I don't think it would work like that regardless due to how moist bananas are.
Honestly think that being scared of GMOs is just anti-science/anti-intelligence. the same kind of people who think "natural" means the product is better, or anti-vaxxers. these people take responsible skepticism of new technology and Big Government and push it to, like, HollyWood extremes.
My plant nerd ass self seeing those first few hacks: 😱  Seriously! Aloe pups grow in soil super easily! Just pluck em out and plop em into a new pot, and then the monstera leaf.... It'll grow roots in just water??? Why do the shit with the banana you're just adding bacteria and mold and other nasties which'll increase your chances of it dying rather than propogating jfc!   I have no idea what the chili one was supposed to do
This was very informative. Thank you. I had never heard of Panama disease. I avoid GMO foods as much as possible,  but in this case, it looks like a necessity.
I use overripe banana for smoothie
How is a banana peel covered in barbeque sauce one of the better things she's fed Dave on this channel lol
Love you Anne
27:58 PLEASE show a warning sign before showing that
Genetically modifying a plant in this manner is very similar to cross-breeding. It's not like you're taking a gene from an incompatible species (like a fish or animal) and placing it in a plant, you're doing some of what cross-breeding does. Most vegetables we eat now were cross-bred or selectively bred based on genes they exhibited through natural evolution. I'm OK with this type of genetic modification in plants (non-sentient organisms), but not animals (or heaven forbid, people).
I think the apple one was done a bit wrong. I think the idea is that the ethylene from the bananas helps the APPLE to ripen faster, not the other way around. Also I hope I never see that wild banana with the giant black seeds ever again.
awwhh Dave is looking healthier than ever, lovely to see you both in good health!!! <3 \><\
Tbh my fave series
Again a spectacular video. Poor Dave for eating banana peels.
GMOs are good. People hear "genetically mortified" and get scared not understanding almost all of our crops we eat are results of GMOs.
Lotta banana bread being made at the Reardon house.
We do the chocolate banana bake one at Girl Guide Camp. Its called a banana boat and its a pretty decent dessert, but yes its VERY HOT at first. We wrap ours in tin foil and throw it in the camp fire for a bit.
wow, showing the uv exposure with the beads was SUCH a cool innovative and genuinely interesting and educational concept. love this video, i learned a lot!
1hundred billion 🍌 are eaten everyday how to we know if that's not the monkeys 😂
BEEEEYYNNN!!!!!  He must see this video 🤣
Banana boats!!! We used to open up bananas and stuff them with chocolate, nuts and marshmallows on top and pop them in the oven (make sure you line your tray- they're messy. But delicious!!)
The problem with gmos: diseases killing them all very quickly The solution: gmos Lmao  Just to be clear im not anti gmo. I think they are one of our greatest inventions. I just think its kinda scary how entire species can be wiped out just like that if there is 1 pest or 1 disease
I make the chocolate in the banana as a dessert sometimes, after trying it at a friend's a few years ago. After a while in the oven it tastes extra sweet and with nice dark chocolate it's quite lovely.
This video is bananas!
I'm surprised you can even get live aloe plants in Australia!
“Even monkeys peel bananas”
I don't have a problem with GMOs on the biological side, because it's like cultivating plants with a time machine. Same concept, but it doesn't take years of careful selective breeding between individual desirable specimens. It is true that we don't know all the consequences it may have, but that goes for most of science that is not immediately and obviously harmful. The only problem I have with GMOs is that as a human invention, they can be patented and that's a huge issue of ethics, distribution and money.
well just buy green banana so you can store it,if the banana became too ripe,just make banana cake/bread.
Man, H2CT is just great to watch. Even the ad is a part of the show rather than just an add-on at the end.
That wild white banana full of grape size black seeds is a cursed food.
i used to be against GMO's products but then i read and article talking about how most of them are supposed to be better for eating on the contrary of throwing pesticides on everything, it even said something about these wild bananas with seeds in them and its crazy. im sure many GMO's are bad but some are good? im not sure and im still trying to figure it out
Btw use the Internet Wayback Machine for such dead links.
I wasn't expecting to hear greek in this channel, and I was confused at 13:50!
"Even monkeys peel bananas!" LOL Are we dumber than monkeys? Oh Dave, you're a gem!
1:58 ew... I don't want that.
Love green banana (Jamaican cooking). Great boiled with curry or in a soup.
I don't know why gmos get a bad rep, even modern day corn is genetically modified. gmos definitely won't stop me from buying bananas
En México evitamos que los plátanos /Banana se expongan a la luz del sol, porque entre más sol les dé más rápido van a hacerse cafés
I thought the video with the zombie banana was just in reverse
Banana are already one of the most GMO foods we eat today so no different from selected breeding
Hello there!✨🤗✨ The world NEEDS good, caring people like you.💕 THANK YOU for what you do.  Oh, and I always am asking God to protect you and your ‘Guinea Pig’ hubby... especially for him😳.  lol
I love how informative and beautifully done your videos are! It's breath of fresh air! Thank you.
Well the PEEL of a banana is a good UV Blocker. If you can hide under it that is.
The bird squealing in the background definitely confused me for a few minutes. :)
I guess I know what to use that old wine fridge for now lol. Thanks, Anne. 💙
When you put the wild banana on screen i gaged, idk what triggered in me but I nearly vomed 😭🤚
I hate that the only thing I watch from you are the debunking videos because you'd rather be doing better things with your time, but they're always the ones I am drawn to. Sorry Ann.
If it’s modified to be safer then what’s the problem
I asked my mother if she remembered bananas as a girl and she said they were slightly different texture and sweeter than the Cavendish we have now.  It's unfortunate we'll never know now what they really tasted like.  If I recall correctly, aren't bananas basically a series of clones (like seedless oranges) and thus are much mores susceptible to a singular disease?
Did not expect a banana hack video to teach me so much! Riveting information!! I'd heard that putting avocados into a bowl with bananas helps them ripen faster and evenly, but it didn't work that well... I didn't know why till you explained that ripening process! Wow!!
We love an influencer who doesn't spread false information about GMOs and supports them 😍
Banana fridge 🤣
cool
A few years ago I tried making banana peel fake bacon. It turned out ok, but with some tweaking I think the recipe could be improved. I've also made a chicken, banana and plantain curry that had banana peel in it that was actually really good. Everyone who tried it was stunned at how tasty it was, and none of them could figure out what the "secret ingredient" was.
Hey lovely lady, which i have been subscribed on for a long time. This is first time Dave eats garbage and loves it, so its Untibunk video ?
for the banana peel "meat", you're supposed to soak it in lemon juice and boiling water for a few minutes to soften it and get rid of the banana taste. as a vegetarian, seeing the way they prepared it made me cringe so much!! also, food waste is a real issue, so besides being tasty, eating the peel helps with that :)
I feel the topic of Panama disease and other kinds of bananas needs to be addressed more thoroughly. For instance, the Gros Michelle has fallen out of mass production but is not "extinct", there are several plantations for instance in Florida and you could even still buy them in parts of the USA. You also didn't mention the real issue with banana plantations: they are all clones of the same plant which is bred to not make seeds, which is exactly called Cavendish, and new plants are made through cutting and striking. The plant (which is actually really a herb) grows fruits which should contain seeds but they're sterile, and you can sometimes instead find those miniscule black dots in their flesh which are exactly the empty pod where the seed should've formed. This lack of genetic variety is why the fungus is so deadly, a population of genetically identical members is a treat for any kind of disease as if their cells simply can't fight this invader, then none of them can, and the GMO crop would basically literally be Cavendish 2.0. There are also a lot more banana and plantain crops that are not as highly commercialized (such as the many kinds of small bananas, which also have flavours similar to the Gros Michelle) but that exist and have very small/negligible seeds. Not saying the video is false but you sort of skimmed over a lot of important facts that should be addressed and that were left open and misinterpreted. I'm not a botanist myself, so people can better correct me if they want, just a lot of bits of information I found and looked up occasionally and put together. Got to fight misinformation!
“Ive show’n how it’s grow’n and the rest is unknow’n” 😂
I heard about chlorodecone, witch is the pesticide used for the bananas. Apparently it causes a lot of cancer for the people working in the plantations... That's one of the reason bananas are one of the less ethical fruits 🤷🏻‍♀️
I just make banana bread☺️
honestly i think dave gets a pretty good deal. i'd be willing to eat the occasional disgusting thing if i had a wife who made sweets all the time
Sometimes we put chocolate in bananas in the hot coal after  eh... u cook something over a fire..  the peel protects it and its an easy dessert :)
I love the little animation of the banana releasing gas from its stem like a teakettle.
I do the banana with chocolate and marshmallow thing, but I wrap it in tin foil and throw it on the campfire or fireplace fire. I think the outcome is nicer than the microwave.
Banana filled with chocolate works well for bbq it - most if you are able to cover it. The chocolate melts fast but the banana heats up slow that you can get a slightly warm banana with melt choclate in it!
beyyynnnn would love this video😌  where my simplynailogical fans at?
I am a bit offended that Dave didn't like the chocolate banana. As kids we used to eat them all the time. We grilled them over fire thought. 😂
People who are Anti-GMO like to hold up things like bananas or corn to support their case and it always makes me laugh.
Beeeeeyyynnn would love this video
GMOs are a great way to help prevent disease, but the issue with GMOs is often the "copyright" of them and purposeful lack of seeds produced at times. So GMOs aren't at fault per say, but the people involved often can cause issues.
Crazy to think bananas are the most popular fruit! I do in fact like the taste of bananas, but the texture combined with the strong flavor is too much for me and I vomit after two bites 😖😅
You can fix literally anything with a combo of banana peels, coke and toothpaste
While you can't ignore the potential dangers of GMOs, the dangers are either extremely minor or the benefits are too wild.
You should make muffins all those bananas! 💛😜
Banana blossom can turn into burger patties
Why didn't she try the yellow paint one😔😔
Growen!!! arghhh i went to a grammar school
ben entered the chat
I drink smoothies for breakfast and to always have bananas ready for my breakfast smoothie I simply freeze them - (cut into slices and freeze in a sealed container) they stay intact frozen for over a month (I do not keep bananas longer). And bananas are ofc yellow and tasty as fresh :)
2:43  i've experienced a rotting watermelon, and i do hope your studio / filming location is separate from the rest of your house....
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
My grandfather has a lot of banana trees and he always sends me some; usually it's the almost yellow ones he sends. He literally just sent me two big bunches this morning at 5 AM. They are so green! Haha! The last time he sent a bunch of bananas that's so green, it took like 3-4 weeks before they turn yellow.   I store them in my kitchen where the sunlight goes through (I live in an apartment) He said I'd be lucky if they turn yellow by Christmas.
next video, what to do with over ripe bananas? on that is easy in my house, when they get brown on the outside, it's time to make banana pancakes
I'm not personally bothered by genetic modification of foods. I see it as the natural evolution of selective breeding. However, I do have significant concerns about the ethics of gm seed production and the control of large corporations over our food production. If you look at gm wheat, the seeds are sterile and farmers rely on a company with a monopoly over those seeds every year. That is concerning.
literally, the current banana we have is also genetically modified so I personally don't mind this
I have encountered the chocolate in banana thing cooked in tin foil at bbq in the uk. They seems common and not bad
A wise man once said "A lie can get halfway around the world before the truth has got its boots on". Well, it looks like you've got your boots on, and I'd like to thank you for doing some kicking on the truth's behalf.
Maybe the banana was put round the chillie because the chillie was chilly and the banana was keeping the chillie warm like a banana jacket 😂🤣😂🤣😂
woah, look at that rosemary plant! mine is still a baby.
I am very pro-GMO, but that doesn't mean I'm without worry. The main concern for me about GMO is unknown threats to the ecosystem they're placed in. Extensive research can be done on a GMO without being able to say with 100% certainty that it won't cause adverse effects to the ecosystem. As an example, imagine if the gene that was placed into the banana caused bugs that feed on the leaves or fruit to now be poisoned by it. Over many years those bugs might be wiped out, then the animals that feed on those bugs might be wiped out, then suddenly the whole ecosystem could be threatened.   In some cases, like this one where bananas being wiped out by a fungus, there is enough good caused by GMO where I think it's totally justified. But you also can't argue that it without risk.
I never thought I'd know so much about Bananas! you are so awesome Ann and thanks for another debunking video :)
I Really appreciate your hardwork... I loved the video... thank you sooooo much😍😍😍😍
"even monkeys peel bananas" lmfaoooooo
Anything to save the Cavendish bananas! So go for GMO on here.
They may have gotten the banana sunscreen thing from mushroom coral.  If you take it out of the ocean and set it in the sun for a few minutes it coats itself with a mucous layer that protects it from UV rays.  It is its natural protection for if it gets exposed during low tide or if it gets washed up onto a beach.  You can rub the mucous on your skin as a sunblock.  But mushroom coral and banana are about as far removed species as you can get.
You can make it fried too, like a parmegiana
Thank you for the video. I went on a whole research tangent looking for the Gos Micheal cause I live in Florida. They do grow them here. Also found some interesting recipes. So thank you. Your video are amazing.
I figure Cavendish bananas are probably technically genetically modified already, right? I mean, if we bred them to be the way they are now then that's technically a form of genetic modification. So what's one more bit if it doesn't cause any harm.
Super interesting! Thanks so much for the video
I loove chocolate in banana recipe. I do it when i want something sweet but easy to cook. It smells not that good but it tastes amazing
Man, all that work to make something disease resistant and they put it into the blandest possible bananas. If anyone ever gets the chance to visit any southeast asian countries, go buy some local bananas and see what real fruit actually tastes like.
I learn so much from your videos thank you so much
Banana with choco in microwave is the best thing. But its better when you do it over camp fire.
The banana beads almost look darker haha
Fake Hacks video producers took the "there's always money in the banana stand" line too far.
How many times she said banana 👇
This was fascinating!! I always believed that myth about the ethylene coming from the stems. This was a fascinating little "documentary" on food science of bananas, I can't believe how much I learned!
RIP to all those delicious bananas that were sacrificed for this video
Do more of this!!!!!!!!
All normal bananas have the large seeds. Gros Michel and Cavendish have been given a chromosomal condition called Triploidy where they have three sets of chromosomes instead of the normal two. The extra chromosome makes the banana sterile. They still have seeds but they are tiny.
Regarding the insertion of a rust resistance gene into the Cavendish cultivar of bananas, I think that many people do not understand what genetic engineering is, and are afraid of the unknown.  Almost all foods that we consume today are genetically modified from their wild type relatives, including bananas.  The difference between the genetic engineering processes of today versus techniques that are hundreds or thousands of years old is in precision.  In the past, if I wanted to engineer resistance into a crop plant, I would have had to cross (hybridize) different strains of the species, each strain having desirable traits, and hope that I would find a plant with most of the desirable traits among the offspring.  This process could last for years, and I could be lucky in developing a plant with a maximum number of desirable traits (e.g. resistance, palatability, durability), or such a plant might remain forever out of reach due to genetic factors (e.g. linked genes).  In the modern era, as a scientist, I would obtain a plant strain with the trait I want, identify the responsible gene(s), and use it (them) to precisely replace a corresponding gene in the crop plant strain.  Thus, instead of randomly mixing up genes and hoping, I can accurately give a plant one single trait without changing anything else about the plant.
GMO I don't think it's a bad thing. The food has to be safe so I don't know why people think GMO is a bad thing. If there is a way to keep bananas and people jobs, it's a good thing. GMO can help use and the plant. And just because something hurts/kills  bug or a illness doesn't mean it hurts us.
“Even monkeys peel bananas” bahahahaha 😂
Hey, just wanted to say I am all pro GMO, especially as my late grandfather was agriculture professor and I grew up learning about vegetable and fruit cultivation :)
My bf's mom puts her bananas in the fridge in a brown paper bag and they stay yellow for quite a while.  But also they are canary island bananas so many they ripen slower in general?
"Let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try!" That grin hahahaha :D
I've done the chocolate in banana one, but I wrap it in foil and put it on the grill. I think it tastes pretty good.
I'm allergic to bananas and I still watched the video. She is always so informative.
But the banana peel sandwich really looked like pulled pork tho
Plot twist - all those hacks are working fine but she covering them up
Not all heroes wear capes. Thank you for doing your best to save us from misinformation ❤️❤️❤️ Love from PH 🇵🇭
I think the Yiga clan might appear in the comments section.
I am so seriously tired of hearing about "GMO's". Good Lord. People are dying from disease and pestilence. They are starving to death and living in the streets. Y'all want to get on your high horse about something, make it worthwhile.
Mmmm, I grew up eating a baked banana with chocolate - it's better baked in the oven and enjoy with icecream
My favorite line was Anne: " let's cook it up for Dave to try"   Dave: " Okay do we trust her, it's been a long year"
I'm not anti GMO, the corn we eat today now genetically modified.  That wild banana triggered me 🤣 looks disturbing. Something you'd see in a scfi fi movie Also, what's the deal with red bananas?
If I buy bananas it normally gets over right away in my household. But if I buy them in bulk then I normally wrap them in a damp cloth. It stays fresh and increases its life atleast by a week.
I love your vids, but Dave’s “oh saucy baby” really got me!
As long as the food is healthy and tastes nice I’m fine with some modifications like with the bannanas
27:55 my nightmares called and they want their bananas back.
Absolutely wonderful episode, Ann. Very thorough and properly documented. I personally keep bananas in the fridge as I live alone. A lot of people think I'm crazy cause they see the dark skin, but they are absolutely perfect on the inside for 5-7 days. Props to Dave for being awesome.   PS. I noticed this video is a little on the quiet side. May I suggest you set your volume a little higher in the future? Thanks
I never get tired of these videos. I wish more and more people would do these videos to inform others.
What fascinates me is that Ann manages to stay serious even with a banana, with a pepper stuffed inside it, shoved into some dirt, and the dirt isn't even in a bowl, its in a watermelon skin...       Well done, Ann.
what a GREAT video! thank you
One of your best debunking and informational videos!!! Thanks so much for this, it really added to my banana knowledge hahaha.  That said the sound was verrrrrry low; I had to turn my tv up to max to hear you and Dave! :-/
Oooh saucey baby
My grandma used to put bananas on her tile floor under a cabinet and they would take longer to ripe, I guess the temperature was around 15º under there!
I always love you debunking videos, but this one was phenomenal! Both entertaining and well researched. Congrats! Will definitely use your banana ripening journey at some point to show students how the scientific method works :)
The banana that was cooked with chocolate in it looked to me like a dessert called a banana boat. I haven’t had one in ages (since summer camp as a child) but they were always good to me, and easy to eat since the peel became the bowl for the dessert
Thank you for sharing what you’ve learned! I love that your content is smart and that we can trust you. Keep up the good work!
So what I've gathered is you should store bananas in a wine fridge, because it's humidity and temperature are better for bananas than your kitchen or your fridge.
Is Panama disease  why I can't find banana baby food anywhere (Heinz specifically). Yes I'm an adult that still loves banana baby food, don't at me. All I can seem to find is mixed fruit with bananas, there are  these squeeze pouches but I don't like them they taste sour. I tried making my own it's just not the same.
I don’t have a problem with GMO
I love and appreciate how much research and info Ann does and puts in her videos , and the clever ways she finds to explain things so we all can understand what she's saying❤
As far as I'm concerned, Anti-GMO, Anti-Vax, Anti-Mask and Climate Change Denial are all just variations of the same anti-science, magical-thinking, conspiracy theory delusions that we are forced to entertain in this post-fact era.  If ignorance is bliss, why are the ignorant always so angry?
I never clicked so fast.
I have so much work to do and yet here I am sitting watching a 30mins video on bananas
“It’s crazy how fast misinformation spreads” this is so true it’s sad
can we call this lady our internet mother? pls pls pls
Ann! You distracted me from my laundry! Shame on you for making such a good video! >:)
Oh my gosh, demonstrating the sunscreen working on the UV beads is so brilliant 😭 I’ve been using sunscreen way more, mostly just on my face. I love that you spread such good information.
Bananas today are literally genetically modified from inception. Look up the first bananas.
Hey thanks Anne! I was doing a presentation on the benifits of GMOs in one of my college classes you just gave me another example to research I'll make sure to cite you as a research source too
I just finished my masters thesis about the safety assessment of genetically modified papaya and I have learned about how many parameters are evaluated in order to authorize the commercialization and use of GMO’s. Based on scientific evidence, I think they have been a great solution for so many of the problems that we face, like climate change and population growth.
I study environmental science and biology in university currently and have studied GMO’s for a couple years. My biggest gripe mostly involves the experiments conducted on animal species. One example being the Atlantic salmon populations that have been modified to add a gene from the Chinook salmon to promote a rapid growth rate. These fish are being farmed currently. I wonder about the possibility that this modified salmon population escapes into natural environments. This could lead to a disruption in native species given that these fish would grow faster and thus be able to outcompete some of the native species. Another example is Bt corn, corn modified to produce a toxin that will kill the pest species that feed on the corn. While this sounds good there is a possibility that it can also impact the environment, namely if the pollen being released from the corn will fall into wild plants and harm the insects that feed from them. With GMO’s I feel like they can be done correctly and with benefits such as the banana example in the video but precautions and analyzing must be done to ensure that there won’t be long term effects on both environmental and human health. Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk lol
“I don’t want it to taste bad for Dave.” That’s some character development right there
the lengths Ann goes to to give us correct information and finding out where some hacks came from is crazy, i appreciate the hard work!
Wow this woman sounds like homework 🤣
LOL! Dave's surprise at tasting good food for a change.
There are actually multiple bananas that are edible besides the ubiquitous Cavendish banana. I actually like some of them MUCH better than the standard banana. They're just not considered as commercially viable at this point in time. In fact, when Ann mentions that bananas make up a large portion of the diet in many areas, I'm fairly confident that many of these are NOT the bananas you typically see in the store. So, rest assured, even if the Cavendish goes the way of the Gros Michel banana (which is rare but not completely extinct), there will still be edible bananas in the world.
They put it there so the banana can chill guys
Ann, I love all your debunking videos and been watching them all multiple times. I just can't believe that these content farms are teaching CHILDREN (who else would watch them honestly???) to put strawberries in bleach, to play with lava hot caramel or put banana on their faces as a sunscreen... Wasteful and dangerous - that's the real behind all content farm channels, and thank you for exposing them!
The super banana is just like eating a steak from an other breed of cow
Ann, thank you so much for all this information about the entire process of bananas, I'm growing a plant myself (blue java, popular in my area) and might have harvest by next summer, so it's really good to know all of these details! You're the best, seriously.
I love it when she says good it sounds so satisfying "goowd"
Genetic modification whether by scientist, farmer or animal husbandry has been going on since we stepped out of the hunter gatherer role and took to farming. We've been changing what we eat since we first started eating it. Practically anything we eat looks nothing like it did when it started out. That's genetic modification in a nutshell. I keep seeing it said that GM foods are as safe and healthy as non GM foods.
I used to watch 5 minute crafts and in the past...I used to trust them and actually thought if you wrap the top of bananas with foil or something else it won't rot much. Now when I started to watch your videos...I found out everything was a lie. Luckily I never tried it since I didn't have any foil so it's not a waste. I don't really watch them anymore because of this. 5 min crafts and Blossom is verified so youtube literally states it's legit and putting everyone in danger. Since you need to have a legit channel to get verified with some other requirements, and both channels doesn't meet the requirements. So this is a problem, because of the badge people will trust them and then waste materials on trying to copy them.  Wow.......Does Youtube care about the safety about us? Idk...seems that they just care about money. Idk though...
I think Ben would like this xD
Thanks for another great educational/informative and engaging video!
The ummmm chilli in a banana one is made to fill in the video someone said to me
I just couldn’t stand that people don’t know how to keep bananas fresh at home - JUST FREEZE THE GOD DAMN BANANA
I'm afraid the sound level was a bit low. I had to increase my volume to over double my usual levels.
Once the grocery by my house had something happen with their cooling unit in the storage, and they had pallets of green bananas in the store but whhen you touched them, they were complete mush, like even though the skins were still green, the heat from losing cool storage just wasted the insides. They probably had to throw them away later, no one who actually tried to pick them up would actually take them, as soon as you touched them you knew they were ruined.
hope you made banana bread with all those overly riped banana!
We do that banana/chocolate thing while camping, but we also add marshmallows, wrap them in foil and toss them in the campfire. We call it Banana Boats
Nice sharing 👍
i would rather have a gmo banana than no banana.
I think that if we manage to get this new banana type, it could potentially help starvation in tons of countries and citys!
I love these videos, now when I watch videos like those I see even more things incorrect with them
I love your description of the VPN’s uses. They’re so above board. I definitely was not thinking about using the VPN to watch shows on Netflix not available in the US...
I think a lot of people are anti-GMO because they don't know a lot about what it means so they assume that it's dangerous and scary. GMO is not straight forward or one type of thing because there are so many different ways of modifying different foods and for different reasons e.g flavour, colour and size enhancing, putting off pests and disease prevention and making foods produce certain vitamins for our benefit. Most of the time GMO is not only harmless but incredibly beneficial to us. People just need to understand it more.   If anything harmful comes about from GMO foods, it's more likely to be corporate greed instead of poisoning from the food. This is because once a company modifies a food it is now genetically new and different  therefore can be copyrighted. Farmers have to pay the company that created it for every time they grow a modified crop and many modified crops are made to not be able to reproduce naturally. Even if a farmer were to reproduce or clone a plant they could get sued big time. This level of greed could lead to people not getting food when they potentially could. E.g if the Cavendish modified to be resistant to the fungus is made commercial, many farmers may not be able to afford a modified crop.
anyone else horrified at the other natural banana with the black seeds in it or is that just me
Poor Dave 😂  About the GMO thing, I kinda think it depends on the effects that it will have on someone after consumption. I know there's a few foods that are GMO (like corn I believe?? To make it grow faster or something, if someone knows what it is feel free to correct me, please) and if it's just genetically modified to resist that virus I don't see the harm in those bananas. GMO doesn't necessarily mean it's all bad technically
I may or may not have swallowed a Banana peel
These videos are some of my favorites.
I never throw bananas out.  Too ripe ones go in a freezer bag and into the freezer.  I make banana bread!  If life gives you lemons make lemonade! Loved this video!
If you are taking a banana gene and putting it into another banana that is fine IMO. It wouldn’t be much different than selective breeding (aka crossing 2 kinds of bananas to get the best of both kinds). But if you take a gene from, say, a bacteria and put it in a food you are risking a lot of harm
That's a lot of nice banana bread...
Ann I love how you so thoroughly research and scientifically explain everything. Love your videos!
People are scared of GMOs because they are almost always used for glyphosate resistant farming.  Since most of the population has no background in biology, they don’t differentiate between potentially dangerous GMO plants and those that are safe and even better to eat.
Dave:"even monkeys peel bananas". Love Dave! Such a good sport.
Any way they can use the wild  banana to bring back the Gros Michel as well?
The banana peel one 😭😱🤢🤮
Where I live a pretty common outdoor treat is cutting a banana in half, then splitting it up, fill it with chocolate, wrap it in tin foil and put it on the grill I haven't eaten it since I was a child but it was pretty good
Clearly they're trying to make banana peppers.
13:50 put tin foil around the whole banana and put it directly on the coal after bbq-ing. Serve with ice cream. This was one of my favourite summer desserts as a kid.
I don’t have a problem with GMOs, I have a problem with big corporations taking over the production of them and thinking about profit over safety first. Small farmers are hurt by these corps. and many of them try to skip testing to shove the product into the market before making sure there’s no effects to the environment or people.
I love your debunking videos Ann!
Why the sound volumn on this video is so low?
Perhaps fields with Panama disease could be planted with pineapple or sugar cane
Whenever people panic about GMO foods, it makes me glad I took a class all about it in college - most of the food we eat now has been genetically modified in some way either through a lab or just farmers cross breeding their plants. The potatoes we eat now? Most definitely not the kind that our WAAAAAY back ancestors ate.
Roughly 24:15 - 25-30.... Ann's cat wants to say Hi 😂❤
The GMO debate is a little hard to get into when the definition of GMO is too vague. The reason why bananas are edible is because of GMO, after all
About GMO I honestly don't care what goes into my food as long as it's edible and I do think GMO is a really cool thing.
At 24:26 there is a kitty meowing and I was so confused. I don’t have a cat and I was like is there a stray meowing at my back door?! Oooo I could keep it and take care of it, it could be a Xmas gift for my little boy! And then I paused the video and rewound it 😕😂
I love how do actual simple science to debunk these ideas.
Thank you so much Anne for debunking false information like this. It angers me how youtube keeps monetizing and promoting these channels when the information and content they put out is very much harmful and laden with misinformation. I wish they would push your videos more into people's recommendations the way they do with 5 minute crafts since you actually spend time doing research on these topics for us.
btw the #1 way is to just freeze them. The peel will turn black from the cold but the inside stays fresh until you thaw it again. They can get gooey when you thaw them, but they're still fresh. Or grow a banana plant and leave them on the plant lmao
no the banana will most of the time ripen at the seed end first as nature would intend as that would need to rot to trigger the seed to activate so it can start growing.
worth researching for anyone who enjoys a good banana: the long history of human rights violations and environmental abuse at the hands of large scale banana farming, ongoing even today.
I think the GMO issue is an interesting symptom of a condition of our society as whole. It's a technology that has so much potential for good but it also has some nasty caveats and ways to exploit it and even potential for some very destructive and malicious apllications so it, kind of justifiably, gets a bad rap. The problem is, however, that people are much more willing to criticize it and denounce than to actually learn about it and how it can be used to improve society. Almost all the negative attention that GMOs get is due to large corporations like Monsanto and whatnot using some terrible business practices that are possible because people as a whole, and by extension lawmakers, don't understand the actual source of the problems. Only when enough people understand the issue at just a basic level can society be improved by these technologies. I guess it applies to more than just new technologies, issues like global pandemics and the rise of unreliable news and information sources.   That's why this channel is so great. On the surface it's an Aussie lady who gives cooking tips and makes fun of life hacks, but Ann and Dave continue to sneak in a good bit of critical thinking and educational content about everything from the intricacies of modern journalism to banana supply chain logistics and I love it. If a video about fake banana tips can make you think about human nature and the challenges of a capitalist global society you're doing something right in my book.
We love bananas and I personally don't like lady finger bananas very much, if it came to them being wiped out this sort of genetic modification would be acceptable to us - i'm an aussie too just in case that matters.  Great video, i even pulled my Mum in to watch you Ann, very interesting and informative!
You should have a look at the diy hacks on Snapchat!!! They are soooo bad!
woah
It's the GMO that wipes out biodiversity that's bad. Killing off insect and other plant species producing a monoculture. Also the patenting of the GMO which can make farmers a hostage to GMO companies. I've never had any health worries from eating GMO crops. I wonder how Panama disease started in the first place? Has any research been done on that?
did/does anyone else hear meowing or squeaking in the background?
The 90 people who disliked the video. Show yourself! I want explanations!
There's nothing wrong with gmo's. Any time a person cross pollinated several plants together to yield the best result, thats now a genetically modified plant. Its science and it really needs to be taught to everyone so that they know it isn't evil and unnatural. More people need to see how many of the fruits and veggies we eat today were like years ago, how unappetizing or even inedible they were before humans cultivated and modified them.
I Don't like Bananas 🙂
This video made me eat a banana.
Who else is freaked out by the banana with seeds?
crazy bananas
Me allergic to bananas *this seems like content I should watch*
27:25 Here's what I'll say: I've never spoken to anybody who was wholesale against GMOs who also understood what GMOs really are. There is nothing inherently bad about genetic modification. The fact is, the banana we eat is already a modification in a way. As you note, wild bananas aren't edible. Without human intervention, we wouldn't have the Cavendish banana. In fact, because they don't have those seeds, they can't naturally reproduce; _they're all clones._ So, to object to saving bananas because it would involve modifying them seems kind of ridiculous to me.
"let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try" oh dear this can't be good 😂
How YouTube justifies deleting videos that have opinions, but leaves clearly fake and altered videos up from these craft channels tells me all I need to know about information manipulation.
Isn't pretty much everything we eat modified?
Brown bananas are better tho
In defence of the chocolate microwaved banana, my mum was a scout as a kid and they used to put chocolate buttons in bananas, wrap them in foil and cook them in the campfire as an easy pudding while they were on a camp
I hate to be the bearer of bad news for the non GMO people, but literally everything we eat has been genetically modified at some point. Whether intentional or not, cross breeding happens and genetically modifies foods. I do agree that science can tamper too much sometimes, but getting all up in arms over genetically modified food is silly. Especially when you're talking about something that could save people's lives and livelihoods.
Can you show us some hot cocoa bombs?
Most plants we eat have been "genetically modified", selected for different tastes, textures, growth rates, shelf stability, and so on. We just found a different, more efficient way to do it than generations of successive breeding and cross pollination and such. Absolutely we should be responsible when we're tinkering with genetics, but GMO foods are not inherently bad or something. With an increasing world population, particularly, we can't afford to be fussy sometimes. If we want bananas in twenty or fourty years, that's what it might take.
I don’t toss bananas when they get overripe. I use them for baking or for making vegan ice cream. If I am too tired to bake (I have narcolepsy) I peel and freeze the bananas until I am feeling up to baking
I honestly don't understand why some people are against GMO crops when selective breeding often leads to a similar result, it just takes much longer. Markers are used to follow the gene of interest and a line containing the gene of interest is continually crossed with the line that does not have the gene, until the gene is incorporated. With GMO, the gene is immediately incorporated into the genome of the organism.
Is it just me, or did the beads rubbed with the banana actually go darker than the control beads?🤔
It is true, when you put a ripe or overripe fruit with an unripe fruit, the ethalyn gas will ripen it faster
Oh no, come on, Ann.  VPN's are a scam.  That's really disappointing to see you taking a sponsorship from one.  Debunking: data security and privacy. No.  Data security and privacy are protected by the https protocol that usually shows up as a lock icon in the URL.  Your ISP is far less likely to sell the limited data they can get than the sites that you're actually visiting are, i.e. Comcast isn't likely to sell your data because they can't get much out of https data but YouTube definitely sells your personal data regardless of VPN use.  Changing the location you're browsing from: No.  Used to be true, isn't any more. If you choose a VPN in Canada to watch CBC Gem or the UK to watch whatever, they both block ALL VPN traffic.  What does that mean? It means if you live in Canada and you're actually physically in Canada, if you use a VPN endpoint in Canada, you won't be able to watch Canadian region locked shows.  Customizing content from other places: No.  Your browser reports region data.  Unless you go into your browser settings and turn off region data, its gonna look exactly the same.   Everything they said was a lie.  To make things worse, companies like NordVPN and SurfShark don't own their own servers in other countries.  They rent them from the lowest bidder like everyone else does.  You're not getting an Amazon AWS instance located in New Delhi if you change to India.  You're getting a scuzzy, back-room server that NordVPN has no control over and who have and will sell and spy on your data themselves.  You really should have known this.  I'd rather see a Raid Shadow Legends ad than a vpn ad.
I noticed that for some time now, the tops of the bananas I buy in the supermarket are already wrapped in some type of plastic wrap.
Why not GMO just faster selective breedinh
My family: Guys, guys! Check this out: Just buy the bananas when they're a bit green! They just feel a bit firm! 5 Minute Crafts:
In Bengal,India we have dish made up of only banana peel. It's a very common dish here. Also we have wild Bananas in our garden. They are extremely sweet and flavorful, also our have seed, not like the ones you shown, it's quite manageable. We eat the whole banana plant. The stem , and the leaves and the Banana flowers are a delicacy.
Fun fact, you can eat every part of the banana plant, leaves, corm, and flower too. I'm growing one now, only a few feet tall but I might have my own bananas next year lol
Here's why I don't understand the hatred towards GMOs. Humans have been selectively breeding plants for years, hand picking traits that we think are desirable and guaranteeing that only those of a specific standard move on to the next generation. We have effectively been messing with evolution and conducting gene modification on not just plants but animals for centuries. The only difference is that it doesn't require science equipment. GMOs in and of themselves aren't bad, they just speed up the process. It's what humans choose to do in response to having GMOs, such as over farming, that are actually bad. If I'm wrong and the actual genetic modification does pose problem i apologize and I'd love to hear about it.
The banana pen ink trick was cool. I thought the trick was that the footage was reversed, so the banana actually gets *darker* from the heat of the blowdrier, then you reverse the footage to make it look like its the opposite.
There is absolutely no reason for people to be against GMOs. It's literally just what we've been doing for thousands of years with our produce and livestock but faster. It's literally only a good thing, more people would starve to death without it and it would make food prices cheaper.
I actually put bananas on the fridge, cause I live in Brazil and it's soooo hot in here so to last more, we let it in a cooler place. Loved the video. Love your videos :D
Do you remember about 10 years back when there were several reports of bananas becoming extinct within a year or so. I wonder why those reports were put out.
I honestly don't care if my food is GMO. If it's safe and tastes the same and keeps the plants healthy then I'm going to eat it. Besides... Technically just about every domestic plant and animal are GMO. Just our ancestors didn't know what they were actually doing :P I mean have you seen the wild foods compared to the domestic versions? A lot of them don't even look related.
I reminder seeing the aloe root in a banana. But I noticed the second picture was an illustration. That's right. It's an artists color drawing of a large aloe plant that was digitally added to a picture of a rotten banana.
GMO is more common then people think. Cross breeding is also GMO but it's fine in most peoples eyes, I mean we wouldn't have almost any vegetables and some fruits without cross breeding. I personally think GMO is fine in fruit and veggies, and in animals as long as we help the animals  and don't harm them just to produce more meat or something.
I think that GMO is a problem when two unrelated plants/animals are mixed in such a way that someone could ingest something to which they are allergic  unknowingly. For example if peanut genes were added to bananas, and then people with a peanut allergy would then also be allergic to bananas, or eat them not knowing that is the GMO aspect.  Hybridization of mixing plant strains to come up with the best version has been done for centuries, and is not something to necessarily fear.
Who else thinks Dave is the best sport and supportive spouse on the planet?
That wild banana you showed is going to be starring in my nightmares . . . forever. Also, I used to be bothered by GM foods, but if it's a choice between that and no bananas, bring on the frankenbanana, I literally don't care.
therapist: the wild banana with hard large seeds isn't anywhere near you, it can't hurt you the wild banana with hard large seeds:
I'm vegetarian and the banana peel recipes are a very big thing in the vegan community but honestly, the process of making it taste good is so exhausting (you have to soak them in water and lemon as well as remove the white part so it won't taste bitter) it's not even worth it. Just try new veggies and use the banana peel to "feed" your plants
Where @simplynailogical at? 👀
This was a really interesting Video ! :)
For me personally, the issue with GMO crops is when it's capitalised on to make more money at the expense of farmers. Like when you hear of GMO crops that don't reseed so farmers have to buy seeds every year. I don't want to buy into that. But GMO crops that have been created to survive diseases, or grow in harsher environments, or produce a higher caloric / nutritional density is a wonderful thing that should be supported & celebrated.
I only like brown bananas - raw bananas hurt my stomach, but brown bananas can be turned into banana bread or ponderosa cake!
Ann is so talented and so smart. I love her videos ❤
I'm from Kerala, India.. and here we do cook raw banana peel as a dish.. so it doesn't seem strange to me.
If you protect the banana from the cold air from the fridge, the peel won't get this dark... Is what i do, since a live in Brazil and is hot!
Isn't the cavendish banana already genetically modified? that's why it doesn't have the large seeds, no?
Hey first off, fantastic video! I love your debunking videos because you actually talk about the science of why they don't work. One thing though, if you could think of trypaphobia warnings because that banana set me off! I know that's a little thing so thank you if you even consider it.
when our bananas start going brown, we just make some banana nut bread! :)
The chocolate chip banana recipe is actually one we used to do at Girl Scout camp! Just in a fire, not a microwave. I was never fond of it, but it's a popular recipe. :)
Oh gosh, seeing that wild banana with all the seeds set me on edge for some reason JRJEJJCNDNSNS   but awesome video, Ann !!!
The breed of banana we eat was genetically modified decades ago because I believe most if not All breeds of banana have those seeds in them that make them inedible. Its similar to apples too, most of our apples and even corn, strawberries, watermelon, etc are modified via selective breeding (one could argue its not GM but honestly...) People like to either ignore that fact once they learn it, or believe these juicy sweet apples are Natural lol If you've ever tried a crab apple raw you'll know why we modified them (you can eat cooked crab apple, but raw ones are extremely bitter and can make your stomach upset.)
Banana peel curry is a thing
Is it just me or do the beads in the banana bowl actually look darker than the beads with nothing?
We used to have chocolate with bananas are the time as kids. Loved it
When it comes to GMO, we need to be as much open minded as for anything else important...cos they have been modified to help the masses...these GMOs are one reason why some developing countries are able to ensure maximum nutrition to their people eg GM rice in our country to prevent nightblindneas...however it can be misused like any other good thing, if rather than using it for better nutritional value, we use it to produce exotic shapes or weird textured foods only for fun, then who's to blame?
in my opinion, coming from a chemistry and biology background in university, I see people who are anti-GMO in the same light as people who are anti-vaccine. people are scared of science for some reason and its boggling to imagine that perfectly good things like disease resistant bananas could be seen as a bad idea
Humans have been modifying everything since they figured out how. Most food we eat is a result of some form of modification. We crossbreed to get the traits we want whether its food or even dogs and cats.
I love your videos! I always learn something new, I know that all those videos are fake and cannot work but I never know why until you explain them. I am amazed at how well researched your videos are and how your explanations are so easy to understand.  I love Cavendish Bananas I hope they don't disappear! I believe that GMO should not be an issue if the contraindications or effects of genetically modifying a food does not outweigh the benefits for the consumers.
Your debunking videos are one of my favorite things to see pop up in my subscriptions! Thanks for another informative installment.
I live in Malaysia, the notion of buying imported bananas is basically sacrilegious to us Southeast Asian(it's a dumb idea because we could buy the local bananas for a fraction of the price. Also, bananas are endemic here
As a kid when we would go camping our parents would do "Banana boats" where you would cut about a third of the banana out of the shell and fill it with chocolate and marshmallows, then wrap the whole banana in tinfoil and put it in the fire for a few minutes to melt. I remember it being delicious...
I get the scientific facts of why black tight weave blocks sun better than a loose woven lighter colour.  However, I wouldn't wear something black, like the sleeve Ann is wearing in the video, tight to my skin if I were to be in the sun all day. Why? Because I have had skin tight black clothes that get so hot in the sun that they cause burn blisters where the cloth is in contact with the skin. Tight weave, absolutley, but tight against the skin? No thanks. I'd pick loose fitting clothes any day if I were to cover up to protect from the sun.
Good thing I don't like bananas...
The microwaved chocolate banana one is really good at a bonfire too. Put in chocolate and mini marshmallows, rap it in foil, and roast in the coals
Commercial bananas are dysfunctional triploid hybrids, so basically they are kind of "gmo" already.
I'm ok with GMO, it's really just express breeding, but I want to know what they did and why.  And I want some little critter in a cage to eat it first.  I'm good with a cavendish crossed with a wild banana to give it natural fungus resistance.  I'm not good with a banana crossed with a jellyfish to make it glow in the dark so they can be picked at night; that seems like it's destined to give me cancer.
You need a node on the stem of the leaf for it to grow roots. Not that it would have grown anyway in a banana.
I think once the bananas we know go extinct. No one  will care if ther GMO 🤷🏻‍♀️
I don't really care about the genetic modifications, I don't want to lose my bananas!
So angry at all those channels
Looking at this wild banana is giving me anxiety for whatever reason😶
OMG YESSS BEEN WAITING FOR A NEW VIDEO ! And I loveeeeeeeee it! Well done Ann. 😍
😡
A great hack for saving browning or overripe bananas? Peel and slice them, throw them in a ziploc bag, and store in the freezer for smoothies instead of throwing them away!! 😋 I guess that wouldn't make a very sensational video though, lmao, but thank you so much for the video!! I learned so much and the browning experiment was fascinating!!
I don't have a problem with GMO because I understand what the process is. We have been genetically modifying plants and animals for thousands of years, we've even polluted our own gene pool.  I say 'polluted' because many people alive today would have naturally died, along with their genes, but they have survived and reproduced genes that might have not have been beneficial to survival. There's no such thing as pure race, breed, strain or whatever - all are meant to change, mutate and evolve regardless of what causes it. I'm for GMO as long as they don't start splicing spider genes into tomatoes or insecticides into corn. Got that Monsanto??
I see that gmo is a part of humanity and we have been doing it for over thousands of years At a slower rate (via : natural selection:https://youtu.be/rZizVUKe4sQ ) and even if it is bad to instantly change genes cause it might cause specific side effect mutations I think it is very safe and OK (we have progressed far enough in gmo science to know how to do it correctly).
#savethebananatrees
"Would you want to eat banana peel? Well, maybe if you were in hard times, it could serve as an extra vegetable..." Me frantically taking notes for Brexit
They did such a great job that all I picture anymore is Novympia doing their HTCT parody while watching the real HTCT😂😂 Love all ur vids Ann.. TYSM!!
Am I going deaf or is the sound very low? I was eating while watching, and almost couldn't hear anything.
Well if this banana goes extinct then we can still have yummy banana peel sandwiches from seedy bananas.
The topic of Genetically modified is very very wide. There are a lot of options out there. Different techniques, different plants, different adaptations. The problem is the majority is harmless. Yes it can be done in sketchy ways, as anything can be done in sketchy way. But there is a lot of research, technology and regulation in place to use it in the best ways and prevent anything sketchy. What it usually is is just manually speeding up the breeding of plants which has happened since people first started farming crops. A farmer might pick the seeds of crops that grew faster op produced bigger fruits and use the seeds for their next harvest. We do the same now, we just use different more developed tools now.
The banana we are used to is already genetically modified, only by breeding. Because seeds were bred out of the bananas, they don't reproduce this way, rather we propagate them. This results in less genetic variety in the plantation and thus no banana plant (of a variety that we want) can evolve that may be resistant to funghi.
A lot of the issue with GMOs comes from monoculture GMO, which is what causes there to be no variety of breeds and then one disease wipes them all out.  GMOs also wipe out all the wild plants of that variety.  You can have this same issue with non-GMO and the potato famine in Ireland and the problem with the bananas are great examples of what happens when you don't grow crop variety.  I hope this problem they are having will help them to branch out into either more varieties of bananas or just a variety of food in general.  I certainly know I don't want 25% of my diet to consist of literally only one food.  Not even "fruit" in general, but literally just one specific fruit.  Yikes.  I also don't mind paying more for bananas in stores - they are dirt cheap right now - so that farmers can continue to make a living off of their crops as their fields dwindle or if some plantations have to switch to growing something else.  I support farmers doing what is good for them AND the plants they farm, not just what is going to give consumers cheap produce.
Those seeds creep me out
Wish there was a warning for those with trypophobia when she showed us the picture if the wild one with the seeds. Disgusting....
I'm going to go hide my bananas in the wine fridge now, brb xP
Those seeds creep me out
You have a beautiful garden!
Poor Dave, had to eat kitchen scraps 🤣🤣
the banana disease could be dealt with by not relaying anylonger on cash crops and monoculture, only the end of imperialism and capitalism will save bananas
Poor bananas that were wasted because of these "hack" videos.
Anyone have legitimate tips as to how to accelerate the yellowing of bananas without doing anything crazy?
I've made the banana with chocolate before, but not in the microwave. I wrap it in tinfoil and throw it next to the fire for a while. You can do it with apples too, and change the chocolate to sugar and cinnamon
Don't know if it's just my phone, but this video seems to be very quiet. I can only hear Anne clearly when listening at full volume, and the ads are vastly louder, which can be jarring. Just figured I'd comment that, for future sound design reference. Love the videos
You have great hair!
Did Dave get a haircut? He looks diffrent, mabye he just wasnt wearing a hat?.... I dont know
The only thing I’ve actually tried from five minute crafts was to pour cola on your skin to get rid of mosquito bites, so I went to the bathtub with a leftover bottle of coke, poured it on my leg, and it actually worked! This was like 2018 or some crap like that though.
Hey ann! One of my favorite videos of yours is the freak shakes from New York! You should make more of those! ♡´･ᴗ･`♡
The thumbnail of this video  paints bananas there's a hack
November is the month my mother, sister, and I traditionally bake several batches of banana nut bread.  When going out to buy bananas, I'm always disappointed and a bit annoyed that grocery stores remove their brown (ripe) bananas and only allow the green and yellow ones to stay on the shelf.  When it comes to baking, the riper the banana the better.  Because of this, i often have to buy the bananas at least two weeks in advance to make sure they're ripe enough.  To speed the ripening process up, over the last two plus decades I have always closed them in a paper bag with an apple.  Of course after watching this video, I'm not at all certain that has any real effect.
👍❤
TRYPOPHOBIA WARNING!!  27:54 -  28:00  HAVE A NICE DAY, I LOVE YOU :D
my favourit banana hack is making fake fish from a banana blossom for fish&chips
I've done some literature studies on panama disease. The strain of the fungus that wiped out bananas in the 50s (strain T3) still infects most of the soil in banana plantations today, its just that the Cavendish is resistant to that strain. Its the reason we switched to the Cavendish even though its less flavourful than its predecessor (as a side note, "artificial" banana flavour is accurate to bananas before the 50s, and we didnt bother to change the artificial banana flavour to match the Cavendish). Switching to a new banana thats resistant to the new T4 strain is the most viable solution we have right now. GMOs are only about as dangerous as any other selectively bred organism, so i dont see why not use the modified Cavendish.
worth remembering with regards to being anti GMO bananas, that bananas themselves as we know them were created by human selective breeding, which is basically like doing "acoustic" GMO haha.
I just watched a bit of a video about people making a sort of fritter with banana stems(they look like crackers). Yes, banana stem can be eaten, it's just maybe slimy and waxy, it's still a herb botanically
The Monsanto GMO debate from the farmer's view: Yes, the GMO seeds produce a better crop. However, some seeds are modified to grow their own pesticides or - worse! - the only pesticide you can use is sold by Monsanto; their seeds are engineered to withstand that specific mixture. The Monsanto seed plants will produce their own seeds. However - again! - these plants are modified so that their seeds are sterile; you have to buy new seed every year. There are other companies that offer GMO seeds, but Monsanto rose to infamy in the 90s due to its asinine business practices.
What if you tape the banana to the wall and become a world famous artist?
chocolate banana is best made in a grill or in a campfire, banana wrapped inside a foil. Have not used microwave and once an oven for them. I did not realize it was not widely known recipe (I live in Finland)  have made them since the propel hat age. :D
So many lovely fruits and people like bananas the most?! Say what?!
If I remember correct, the main hang up with GMO crops is that they can be patented (not sure if that is the right term) by big companies. And, there have been cases where accidental cross breeding lead to lawsuits between them and smaller farms, which can cripple competition. Correct me if I am wrong though.
Cavendish bananas are already HIGHLY genetically modified from a seedy wild banana, just through selective breeding, grafting etc., instead of more modern gene-splicing methods. There's no evidence-based reason to think modern GMOs are dangerous, outside of potential allergens being found in new foods (like if a species is crossed with a peanut, for example)  but that kind of thing is rigorously tested for. Most of this fear around GMOs could be eliminated by simply educating people on them...   TL:DR: Bananas are already GMO, what does it matter if they do a little gene-spicing on top of it?
thatr seedy banana pic awaken something in me and i'll never be the same again
It's bonkers to me that people throw away dark bananas. Bake with them! They're perfect! Put them in the freezer if you're not ready, bake with them later. Problem solved.
a very informational video... really luved it.
You don't have a banana fridge? Pssh, unsubbed. (Jk)
One of my classmates when I was in highschool said that if you put bananas in a fridge it would also cause any other fruits and veggies in the fridge to ripen and spoil faster. I dont really believe it but what do you think made him come to that conclusion??
The bananas at Fred Meyer come pre-wrapped with plastic and I facepalm every time I see it.  What a waste of plastic just to get consumers to buy your pre-wrapped bananas.
why there is a clip of an octopus there omg
Could you please review Tasty Recipes here’s the link to there channel :  https://www.youtube.com/c/tastyrecipes
My personal thoughts on GMO bananas are so long as it is edible and can make Peanut Butter-Banana Smoothies and Strawberry-Banana smoothies I am okay with it.
who else is greek and cringed at 13:58 lol
But the chocolate-banana recipe is real! 😂 It is usually wrapped in aluminium foil and put in the glow of the campfire for some minutes. I loved it when I was a child.
Non-GMO farming - cross breed plants for generations and generations until you get the features you are looking for.  GMO - make the changes in the lab and do it quickly.  Basically the same process, but quicker. I have no issues eating GMO foods. Don't forget -  corn and wheat used to be grass -- they were grown and desirable traits were kept after each generation -- that is also genetic manipulation...
13:23 oh look ann telling us she doesn’t love us
I think that was a succulent you put in the banana....  Not aloe
Poor Poor Dave! Charcoal Ice Cream.. now what? Banana Peal?!
Ok.. people who don’t like Genetically modefied food.. like come on. Especially here when it saves live u are just being stupid,
GMOs have a lot of benefits such as have increased crop yields via more efficient crops, less pest damage and safer storage.  They have also been used to fortify them with vitamins/nutrients not naturally found in the plant so that more nutrient deficient populations have access to them.  Nonetheless, the real issue with GMO plants is they imply a monoculture (as they spend so much time developing one specific seed, they would only use it some small parts of the field, but the entire part).  Monocultures are bad because they decrease the genetic diversity of the crop, which decreases the resilience, since if the one crop you have does not have the trait to combat the new issue, the entire crop yield is compromised (think the Irish potato famine of the 1800s).
Isn’t it true that the bananas we eat today are technically already modified?
Great video! Although I wish you had mentioned the fact that the herbicides that banana plants on conventional farms are treated with are extremely toxic and pose severe health risks to the farmers that pick them. Many have damaged skin along their arms etc. Also the biggest part of the banana industry is extremely exploitative. Since you were talking about that fungus and some behind the scenes of the banana industry, I think this might have been good to mention. Anyway apart from that I really liked your video and I love that you are explaining the science behind some of the things in your videos as well. 👍
I actually don't eat bananas unless they have at least some brown spots. Unripe bananas are gross.
I didn't realize this was almost 30 minutes long when I clicked, but that was fascinating! I wish Ann had been my science teacher.
Fun fact! Artificial banana flavouring doesn't taste like the cavendish banana's that we are used to -- they taste like the gros michel bananas from our youth -- yes, bananas used to taste much sweeter.
The one stop-motion root growing out of the banana from the leaf is really, err "bananas"? Even if that did work it would grow INTO the banana for the sustenance and moisture. Also the UV beads with the banana on them look like they got even more UV than the control group. O.o  The whole anti-GMO thing is ridiculous, as the bananas we know today are literally a GMO, it's just not made via gene modification if I remember right. GMO concepts have been in play for a very long time, and nobody cared until recently. A huge part of that is the insular news/"information" cycle a lot of factions get into, especially in the US. Misinformation and bogus concepts spread fast when you already have people hooked to something they think is the only trustworthy source and aren't willing to have a broad information base from various sources. Facebook is one of biggest culprits of fine-tuning people into "camps", along with garbage like Fox News and OAN. And if your really wanna talk about the elephant in the room, there's religion. Not really any specific religion (though in the US, it's christianity in general), but all of the organized ones are at fault for feeding their community huge fallacy errors and painting outside information as wrong or questionable at best.
I like my banana as a zombie. Because a yellow banana isn't actually a ripe banana. I get stomach aches from unripe bananas. Also, the brown ones just taste sweeter.
There's so many ingredients added to that banana peel in order to make it edible 😄
I don't understand the hate towards GMO crops. Things like bananas watermelon and sweetcorn all exist in the forms they do today because of selective breeding and genetic modification. Selecting desirable traits has been a thing for thousands of years
The aloe plant in their video looks like it had been water propagated. That’s how you get those long and stringy roots.
Oi
The fruit industry uses Gasses such a Nitrogen to keep fruit from ripening, making them last for months in refrigerated cameras, https://nitrogen-generators.com/industries/fruit-storage/ The problem with ethylene is that it triggers decomposition on fruits, fruits do breathe and when they sense ethylene they start maturing too, its posible to trigger it by using yellowing leafs too, I put a few leafs inside a plastic bag to ripe mangoes for example.
As someone with vitiligo,sun protection is very important for me. I haven't had pigment in my skin since I was about sixteen,so I have no protection from the sun without the sunscreen and limited amount of time in the sun since I'm at high risk for skin cancer.
The most informative video about bananas that i ever seen. Thanks for the info, it was really interesting ^--^
when people complain about genetically modified food, i ask if they've ever seen a real banana. or a watermelon. Edit: there's a very fascinating debate in the replies. Lots of people from both sides of the argument with good points and giving their arguments politely. I highly recommend reading them! I had a lot of fun looking through them.
Who else saw the sneak peak of her holo nails in the sun?? Woop! 😍
As a kid, I regularly went to a summer camp that had a signature dessert of sorts. Each camper got a half a banana with a cut made length-wise, and you stuffed it with your preferred amount of chocolate chips, marshmallows and peanut butter. Then you wrapped it in foil and it got cooked in the campfire. They were absolutely delicious and my sister and I swore by them but whenever we tried making it at home on the grill, they were never as good as the campfire ones.
Banana is a fruit
We have butter banana's that grow to about palm sized. They're not really sold commercially but a lot of people I know have at least one tree.
I object to cooked bananas not tasting good. I've shoved chocalte into bananas and heating them in the oven for 5 years now. It's a hit every time I make it for friends, as you can adjust how well done you want the banana. I actually am not a big fan of uncooked banana.
Imagine you in a desert island and you find a banana fiel thinking you life is saved but all you get are big black seeds
People are scared of GMOs for the same reason as they are scared of vaccines: lack of education and awareness, and general ignorance. As you said, bananas are incredibly important in the diets of many countries, especially for people whose income is already small. The GM banana plants will literally save those people from a mass food shortage. Also, throughout history, humans have been selectively cultivating foods to make them edible, resistant to disease, easier to grow, etc, and genetic modification is essentially just a shortcut. The banana plant is a perfect example for when modern science can prevent a disaster.  Also, Dave is a legend.
I appreciate the amazing research and effort that went into this video, it makes it so enjoyable and satisfying to watch as you address all the questions i have and show the experiments. I always feel academically fulfilled, thank you 💜💜
I know bannanas and avacado both ripen more quickly is they are stored without airflow. When you stack back stock of banana for sale you are recommended to stack them in a staggered fashion so the get maximum air flow. It also lowers the chance of errant moisture causing mildew .   When we receive avacados you store them staggered if you want to try and keep them from ripening as quickly and you cover them with plastic bags if you need them ripe very quickly.   I hated managing produce at my old job because avacados are a waste nightmare. If you run a store with a small turnover you cannot order enough of them to have nice avacados out on the floor. They are either baseball hard or ruined. I probably threw out about 30lb of avacados after every 3 or 4 days.
I'm pretty sure cavendish bananas are already GMO, so I don't see the point in people being upset about it
So many comments promoting the fallacy that gmo’s are the same as selective breeding.  Yes, selective breeding has been going on for ages. But selective breeding within a family/species is very different from crossing and splicing genes from different families/species. There are many unintended consequences as genes from different species were not designed to go together.
Even monkeys peel bananas🤣
beNNNNN
Anti gmo in the sense that larger companies exploit it to increase profit, pro gmo in the way that it can be used to create more nutritious fruits and vegetables that can resist drought, fungi, and other dangers
I have bought bananas a few times in my life that seem to have this green plastic wrapped around the top of the stem. I was told it's to stop it from browning too quickly.
If you are anti GMO, your better stop eating everything because there's nothing that we eat that isn't genetically modified
So informative! I think knowing these things about the devastation that can go on in other country's when it comes to food source is so important.  We take for granted that most of us just go to the store and grab a bunch of bananas for 49 cents a pound.  That scientist is saving lives by using his skills to create a better plant.  GMO can be great... we have to see the forest for the trees!
I have a couple friends who watch those fake videos and always believe them.  I love seeing their pictures of the attempts!
tip from a plant mom! many plants can be “propogated” in WATER, not rotten fruit. you can place a properly trimmed plant in a cup of water it will grow roots! there’s lots and lots of tutorials on youtube for propagating!
We used to make the bannanas with chocolate on a campfire wrapped in aluminiumfoil at gril scouts. They don't taste bad but I was more of a fan of the cored apples with sugar and cinnamon (same prep, wrap in foil and put on some hot charcoles). 10/10 would recommend. Also great dessert when you are barbecuing with friends.
gmo food is fine to eat and won’t harm you. so i’m fine with eating them. i really don’t understand why people don’t like the idea of gmo foods.
i love how i am watching this when i don't like bananas
I think  chocolate banana is a common German barbecue snack, if there are only a little bit of emers left, you put the banana in, and you have a dessert
Banana has lost all meaning now.
(ง'̀-'́)ง      I love your videos(ง'̀-'́)ง
6:19 but dark colours attract uv rays....
genetically modify anything you want, its already "genetically modified" anyway, avocado is human made, so on and so forth. GMO everything, imagine 1pound colas.
GMO is said to be harmful because there's some sort of mutation in the genes. When the genetic cells are modified, the cells could change, added, decreased, or dissapear, this create some mutation in the genes. I asked my biotechnology friend who learned molecular biology, she said that the altered genes could become somatic cells and gamet cells that could create cancer cells in the body, and there's a possibility of this happening. But the possibility of this happening is relatively small and more study is needed to understand this matter. My friend also said that GMO products could impact the ecosystem stability, creating new and harmful diseases. The understanding and acceptance of GMO is different in places like europe and america, according to my uncle who works in the food industry. So really, there's still more study needed to understand the impacts of GMO to our health. But changes like these are needed to prevent crops and other produce from extinction like the banana. Truthfully i'm a bit torn on GMO products, some say it's bad, some say it's not.
I would like to hear all the anti modify genes people talk when all the "pure" or non modified bananas get that disease and there's no more, and then while they sit there with their apples, oranges, grapes, blue berries, fruits, we here enjoying some bananas that pretty much tastes the same and has plenty of
Thanks for the interesting info. I love this kind of stuff. You should do more of this. Yeah, let's kill GMO. We don't need this scientific interference.
I see the banana peel for burger and I got excited, "Dave about to make his grand entrance!"
https://www.scielo.br/scielo.php?script=sci_arttext&pid=S1519-566X2002000400001&lang=en To GMO fearmongerer's read this and realise your worries already had been thought of in 1996 with the into of GMO as most of not all wheat and corn are GMO and studied numerous times and still are. Your misinformation is dangerous as GMO can save countless lives.
since we wrap green bananas around newspaper so they are good to eat faster, wrapping the banana only makes it age faster
the last debunking video ann made, i was like "OMG! did ann clickbait us?? the watermelon, chilli and banana concoction wasn't in the video!"  but now everything is right with the world because it's in this video  P.S. sorry dave! us liking debunking has made u suffer far too long! 🙏
Being anti-GMO is like being anti-vaccine. These technologies save lives. Any undesirable side effects or issues with their development are minor compared to the overwhelming benefits they have shown.
see, the trick with the pepper and the banana and the watermelon, is that if you do it in front of your infant who you suspect is a changeling, the fae will get confused and reveal themself as they try to figure out what you're doing, and then you can call them out for being a changeling and your baby will be returned by the morning!
Those bananas look like they would make some really good banana bread.
Dang im allergic to bananas
aloe makes shoots really quickly and can be neglected for weeks and bleached in the sun and recover, its the perfect houseplant for neglectful owners or for super dim apartments and uses crap soil and sand, and if you wanna do cool aloe stuff and use the gel you can just keep planting out the shoots and it'll be really cheap long term, go get one, why not
I LOVE how your tests are always so scientific. Having a negative and a positive control! Wonderful!
The microwaved Banana reminds me of a way of baking them under the coal of a spent fire when camping. We did chocolate and marshmallows, wrapped in foil, and buried in the coals for a few minutes to warm. Random aside. Ann, I have a subject that may peak your attention! My husband and brother-in-law were debating yesterday about whether or not you can grill a pie. They were grilling our dinner, and talking about dessert, and they were specifically talking about smoking a pie for a savory flavor. I've never heard of such a thing, but I'm wondering if you have or have any thoughts on it.
The anti-gmo sentiment makes me so upset. There are a lot of food security, nutrition related GMO advancements, but there's a lot of what I view as misguided opposition to even testing some crops on a wider scale, and unjustified fear from lack of understanding of GMOs. GMOs have been around since humanity started planting crops--it's called selective breeding--we just do it faster now.  That said, the question of dependency on big agri-business is one thing, but even without GMOs, that problem still exists...So I don't think it's a valid reason to disallow GMOs entirely.
The GMO fear is really an unfortunate result of the diet industry and how fast misinformation spreads--and maybe the growing mistrust of science as well. At the end of the day, GMO is often going to result in more sustainable and ethical foods, like with this banana situation and also the ability to reduce pesticide usage, etc, by making our food resistant or repellant to pests. There IS room for debates on the ethicality of GMO with how a bunch of GMO seeds will make it so the resultant crops' seeds are infertile (which is very bad for farmers, obviously, and creates a lot of unnecessary waste in the interest of making people buy more seeds from whatever company)--but not really on health effects.
I find Ann's video not only fun to watch but also informative. She encourages everyone to have a second thought on what they consume on internet and I really appreciate that in this overwhelming-information age. Keep going Ann!!!
heads up ALL FOOD HAS BEEN GENDICLY MODIFYED!
Thank you so much for another comprehensive video. I use ripe bananas for desert mixing it with a German type of curd cheese (Quark) which is a good low calorie protein source. I usually add some vanilla sugar because Quark is quite sour to the mashed banana and cinnamon (possibly cocoa powder).  In a case like the banana, I am not so much against adding a genome of a related plant. Usually, the modification is made to boost productivity and profit like soy beans that are used as feed for meat production. I am not able to put all that in one sentence, of course. But that is entirely wrong in my view.
Debunking vids are our faveeeeee
Life hack; how to ruin Dave’s digestive system
That’s Holo Taco nail polish! Did Ann reach out to @simplynailogical??
Put chocolate in a banana, wrap it in foil and then put it on the grill. Its very good
I love this series so much!!! It’s great to be back
Gotta disagree with Dave there on chocolate cooked banana not being good. Though it might be because that one was microwaved. The way I would do it is to stuff the banana with a mix of dark and milk chocolate, close it, wrap it in tin foil, then put it in the coals of an open fire while camping. It's a great camping dessert!
This was brilliant but I was so triggered by that picture of the inedible banana  trypophobia ughh
The banana sunscreen one is really dangerous if your a albino, you could get sunburned within 30 min of a hot day. Trust me, my dad is an albino!
we do the chocolate banana thing here in switzerland when we do like a bonfire or something we wrap it with tinfoil and but it into the coal when it's still glowing it's actually really good
Wtf there was a Greek video in there lol
I love how your videos have become much more educational! Ive learned so much😊
I'M LIVING FOR THIS SERIES 😚 PLEASEE MAKE IT AS SEASONAL SERIES!! WHO AGREES WITH ME?? 👍👍
Οι μπανάνες του Γρηγόρη! Μερακλής ο Γρηγόρης ΧD
Go figure that the one channel do to an experiment (the uv beads) with both positive and negative controls would be a cooking channel....
i think a large part of the issue with such high risk diseases in food cultivation is that things are processed in such standardized ways and in huge quantities in unsafe working environments (yay for capitalism! /sarcasm). same goes for diseases among farm animals like chickens that live in close proximity to one another in unsafe environments. plus it's worrisome that foods such as the banana is mainly created in one variation, bc this lack of diversity in the fruit makes it harder to develop genetic resistance to diseases.
Yay! Finally a new vid
GMOs keep people from starving to death. Which I know that's a foreign concept to the privileged first world middle class and up, but for many people even in developed countries, that's a reality they face every day. You want to fight toxic food? Fight the cheap processed food that many people have to live off of because they don't have access to affordable fresh meats and produce.
Oh man someone should tell them that banana boat sun block doesn't actually have bananas in it...
queen of food science, baking, and SHADE ❤❤❤💅🏼💅🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
I know it's off topic but HOLO
I love these debunking videos lol
It's funny that you mention the wild bananas having huge seeds. The bananas we eat are technically already genetically modified through selective breeding to create the bananas we know today with non-fertile tiny seeds. People's perceptions of GMOs is unfounded but based on the same idiocy as the anti-vax movement ect.
0:57 that one's obviously edited. 😂
I should also add that companies like Chiquita and Dole pay their plantation workers just a bit over slave wages. They're over worked and abused and union activity is treated as a plague and killed (literally murdered). So next time you buy bananas get the fair trade ones that treat their plantation workers like humans.   As for genetically modified foods. Orange carrots, all apples, corn and such are genetically modified. Basically all fod we eat from wheat to bananas are genetically modified. And by that I mean people (scientists and farmers) have been crossbreeding plants for centuries to get the best kind of product. Bananas are after all a clone. Each banana is genetically identical. Reason for all produce being GMO is so that food is more nutritional, resistant to elements and lasts longer. Without it we would all starve. So people claiming gmo is bad should stop eating food all together.   Fact: removing the B from bananas turns them into pineapples.
I know it’s random but Dave seems like a really nice guy lol just thought I’d say that.
Never trust an edited comment. Never trust someone who replies to their own comment.  Never trust anyone who makes this type of comment.        Well I guess you can if you want...
Simplynailogical has entered the chat.
It's interesting that people are anti-GMO when the idea of a lab being involved comes into play, but they'll happily eat fruits that have been hugely manipulated genetically by selective breeding to make them more edible, which, in a sense, is genetic modification. I think it's unfortunately a product of media and misinformation spreading.
I think a better use for the surprisingly edible banana peel would be to make candied banana peels.
I could hear you saying “banana” in my head when I read the title.
Me from indonesia who is does not know what is cavendish banana be like : what is goung on here?
I love bananas
I think there's not a lot of clear information on genetically modified foods. Technically, isn't most food inherently genetically modified? It's been bred to be the most useful, the highest yield, the most palatable, etc. I think a better conversation is whether the food has been sustainably farmed. Obviously we don't want food that's injected with random things, but if it's not harmful, and if it's improving the plant's survival, then it seems fine to me!
GMO? Why not if it can save our food supplies.
That wild banana triggered my trypophobia 😂 Eewwwwww!
There's nothing inherently bad about GMOs. All of our food has been modified by humans in some way. Historically it was done through selective breeding. Modern measures such as transferring genes has resulted in dozens and dozens of crops that can resist disease and pests and have provided tons of food for people in struggling areas of the world.  When most people think "GMO" they think of forced mutation. Which was done in the past but hasn't been done for decades. That has some health concerns since the plant has a tiny chance to mutate something harmful or to mutate away the nutritional value.  But when you take a very specific gene and change it such as with these bananas then it's fine. At this point you're essentially artificially cross-breeding the two banana plants to get the result you want.  Hell, bananas are already a little sketchy since most cavandish plants are more or less clones of each other due to the practice of cutting branches and planting them to make more banana trees. That's why all banana bunches look so similar. And also why they are so susceptible to the fungus. Lack of genetic diversity.
looking at the banana beads; holy heck- i think they turned an even stronger color than the beads with nothing on them D:_!
The picture of the wild banana flesh is really gross, but I'm really grateful that they exist. All about GMOs if it means more efficient food production
Why the volume on her videos are so low???? The adds explode our ears. But the content thou. You're amazing
The banana with chocolate in the microwave is very similar to something we used to do in Scouts. We called them "campfire banana splits”. We’d slice open a banana and make a foil packet around it. Then we’d add dessert toppings in to the banana. Usually chocolate chips, butterscotch chips, peanut butter, mini marshmallows, caramel pieces, etc. Sometimes we added fruit like cherries or crushed pineapple.  We’d seal up the banana and toppings in the foil packet good and tight and shove it in to the coals of the fire. Leave it there for just a bit, pull it back out and let it cool enough to touch. Then we’d open the packet, pull back the peel some more, maybe add whipped cream on top and use a graham cracker as a scoop to eat the resultant gooey mess.   It was really good and and really fun because we could all make it however we wanted. I highly recommend it.
i actually learnt a lot  u are great
I will modified food if it’s just to help the food survive and it comes from another banana it’s fine
This video made me go bananas🍌
Great debunking!
Plant biochemist here. First off damn good video. Excellent info around ethylene and the affect of post harvest processing on the ripening process. Second, plant those damn bananas!
I've eaten those choco bananas as a kid! We wrap them in foil and put on fire. I think it's maybe a way to get children eat more fruits? Tastes good!
27:49 She looked so cute when she was disappointed that the wild bananas weren't edible
I think peoples' problem with GMO crops is just the misinformation, and lack of a base of scientific knowledge. With today's internet the way it is (and with people the way /they/ are), misinformation is too easy to access. Then, if you don't have a solid grounding in science or botany, if you don't regularly check with reputable sources, then how can you expect to know the difference?  Personally, I think (with the way we've over-farmed everything due to demand) that tinkering with plants' genetics is the only way we're going to be able to eventually feed this poor, battered, overly-full world.
The genetic modification of food is fine. I mean it's still technically all natural, and as long as it has no side affects to humans or plants it's fine. It's not like we've pumped mercury into them or given it legs. The whole non GMO all natural thing is a bit ridiculous in my opinion. Everything is natural. There is no legal defenition for natural since everything we use was formed on earth, we didn't magic it into existence. And most chemicals people are so scared of occur in food products naturally or just have scientific funny names.
That wild banana holy god, no. Thanks a bunch, trypophobia. But as a microbiologist, I'd be entirely happy to consume these genetically modified bananas (if I weren't allergic to them) just as I am any other GMO - because I understand and trust the scientific research that's been done into them. And no, I'm not gonna argue with anyone who thinks GMOs are fundamentally dangerous somehow.  All this GM banana represents is the same kind of process of crossbreeding and selective breeding that went into creating "edible" bananas int he first place - only more targeted.
in my uneducated opinion... GMOs are just made to make foods look better taste better easier to farm more sustainable and thus end up being cheaper and better quality to the consumer whilst people sell GMO free marketed items. for double the price of GMO fruit and Veg. i do not know why the whole GMO free movement came from. if i can still have bananas as we still know them through this forced Gene mutation i dont get why that wouldnt be a good thing.
Ash plantain peel is a rather common tempered dish in Sri Lanka😄 also usually they  are not sprayed with insecticides most of the time here...
Okay, so, this isn't related to the video... but I got an ad from Game theory. It was for the december 1st St Jude's charity livestream. Anyone who can should join and support the stream!    This part is related to the video: I love these videos they're very educational!
"GMO" is a bit like "vehicles." There's a lot of difference between the free-at-point-of-use minibus that runs up and down a valley twice a day two days a week so the people there can get to the big towns for the services there and the hundred SUVs, Hummers and Range Rovers parked nose-to-tail along the "KEEP CLEAR" markings outside the school to save the precious little snowflakes from having to walk 300 metres from home to bus stop and 50 m from bus stop to school gate. Likewise, there's a huge difference between GM "Yes, actually you can still produce food in this soil and climate" crops or GM "Yes, actually you can get enough vitamin A from locally-grown food" crops and GM "Hey, you should buy seeds from us, plant them, spray the entire county with glyphosate, get a harvest that can't be replanted and then have no choice but to keep buying seeds from us every year and by the way don't worry about the stories in those silly left-wing biased fake-news media glyphosate won't do you any harm at all" crops.
Does anyone else feel really sorry for Dave?
For the microwaved banana, it's a spin on campfire banana boats. You can put in any variety of things: chocolate, peanut butter chips, butterscotch chips, marshmallows, strawberries, coconut, etc. Then you wrap it in foil and put in your campfire to cook. When I was in Girl Scouts, it was a common dessert for Wednesdays at Summer camp, because that was the night we had to plan for a meal and make it ourselves. I hated it then and I hate it now. =x
Why is there basically an anti-vax movement but for bananas?????
I didn't know you could make a whole video sbout bananas
There's a lot more edible bananas, but they're all worse for (slow) transport and storage than the Cavendish, so you can't really get them outside the countries they're grown. Which is a real shame, I'd love to try e.g. red bananas.
If it saves bananas I'm fine with it
In regards to the aloe roots, succulents do this weird thing where if you propagate them over water, instead of soil, they grow those very pale, very spindley roots. It speeds up the root growing process, but these roots are less reliable than the thick ones that grow naturally. So I believe that's what they did, as opposed to gluing roots from a different plant on to it
"now let's cook it up and give it to David" this just sums up this channel so well
I find it funny that people dont like warm babana. My mom always put them on the barbeque and puts melted chocolate on top witch is mega tasty
I'll be a Banana Expert by the end of watching this video
Those beads would be pretty good if you’re like outside gardening and it can tell you when to go inside
Wait. 5 minutes craft showed the apple hack to make the banana ripe faster... But I also saw another one where they show the banana hack to make other not ripe fruit or vegetables to make them ripe faster overnight
Zombie bananas? 😆.. When they start getting too ripe (rarely happens) we just make banana bread.
What better way to show your love for your husband!
It's not because of the disease, it's the method the Cavendish banana is grown. Each of these banana trees is the exact replica of each other, so if one tree is infected with the disease, the rest will be too.  While Cavendish certainly looks good on a supermarket's shelf, it doesn't necessarily taste better. My best advice is to try other varieties of banana (there are plenty of types in Asia, and all of them are good, in my opinion). Something should be done about the banana industry *cough*Chiquita*cough*
My general opinion is that (at least for the most part) plants that are genetically modified are made to make the plant better (in therms of the "meat" of the fruit: like bananas and tomatoes, for instance) or make them resistant to diseases/fungus/bacterias...  And in that situation, I have no problems in eating or consuming those type of fruits/food made with genetic modifications to it.
This video — and overall channel — is absolutely fabulous! Ann, thank you for putting so much time and effort by producing quality content, to educate individuals who may be unaware of the risks associated with misinformation.  You've further delved into the research, science, ethics, and so much more, beyond what many would have expected. Providing justifications, recommendations, and so on to prove your points and why! Enhancing knowledge and contributing your own to teach others in clear, non-jargon, but specific means. You are the best! Thank you!! :D
I want to adopt Dave and Ann as my parents... they are both *so* lovely!! ♥️💜
🍌
Hi Ann - I'm a food science student and I'm glad you brought up GMOs. I feel like the public badly needs to be educated on the value of GMOs. There are definitely some problems with GMOs, but most of it comes down to Monsanto being a shitty company, imo. GMOs can do a lot of good things and will increasingly become important as the world population continued to boom. Thanks for another great video!
Thank you for your thorough research and intellectual honesty.  People need more good scientific role models.  I think GMOs are a problem when they are allowed to spread randomly into nature (which they do now).  That's why the original GMO experiments were in Hawaii, to prevent the spread.  On the other hand, there are sterile GMOs, but people have criticized those because they force farmers to dependent on the companies that make the plants (because the farmers can't just save the seeds and replant.)  But for environmental safety all GMOs should be sterile.   I don't know how bananas breed, but would pollinators be exposed to the GMO banana?  You can't predict the effects of that.  There are, for example, insect-resistant GMOs which, in turn, breed GMO-resistant insects, which changes the environment in unknown ways.   I noticed a lot of people who call themselves scientific get upset when you try to criticize GMOs.  There's something fishy about it.
Any agriculturally produced food is technically genetically modified. We've been breeding plants to make them easier for us to eat for thousands and thousands of years, it's just now our technique is a bit more sophisticated. I take issue with it where it impacts biodiversity, but it's not really bad for our health.
GMOs are very complicated and it’s easy for us to say “I’m anti gmo” without understanding the whole story. There is a new potato gmo that has a decreased (or eliminated?) amount of carcinogens when deep fried at a high temperature (ie French fries).
I love you so much ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
I think GMO is important
Id really like to see a HTCT video on GMOs and some myth debunking around it.
I think Ann always trying to kill Dave...
The bananas in my stores start turning brown before they're done being green, though I like my bananas more brown, it seems weird that they aren't completely yellow ever anymore! Also, the organic bananas have plastic wrap on the top of them, while the regular bananas don't, so it's not just life hack channels that are doing that lol
We genetically modify crops and domestic animals through select breeding as it is. GMOs are good, especially in situations like this where it is necessary for the survival of the food and the people who need it. I don't doubt that there could be some bad gmo practices but this isn't one of them.
I love seeing science happening, fantastic!
Thanks for the video, I really enjoyed it. As for genetical modified food, what most people tend (or like) to forget is that a lot of the food we eat today is genetically modified. Maybe not in a laboratory, but by crossbreeding.
I love what your doing and that your testing them for all of us but it honestly pains me when you do these videos because so much food is wasted 😢😢
Wrapping the top of the banana is something I swear I remember my family doing most of my life. Thinking back on bananas in my early years I feel like wrapping the tops of the bananas might be rooted more in the fact that back then, before all the Earth friendly conservation of materials and aversion to plastics got super popular, I remember banana bunches being sold in supermarkets with the tops wrapped in plastic; though I suspect that was more for ease of transport and stocking than for preserving them, since wrapping the tops would hold the bunch together and prevent those errant single bananas from coming apart on the store shelves or during shipping. So I can only assume my family, and many others, thought that wrapping the tops was for preservation instead, and started doing it at home themselves.
Bless you Ann for running those experiments where the bananas/fruit rotted. I like bananas, but I don't like the smell of the peels, and the smell of a rotting/really overripe peel is just revolting to me. I don't know how you didn't gag.
We love you too 😍😁
My mind all throughout this video: *I've show'n how it's grow'n and the rest is unknow'n*
No bananas were harmed during this video
The 68 dislikes are all of 5 Minute Crafts’ videos
Ann ur a blessing🙏
“But let’s cook it (banana peel) up and give Dave to try.” 😂😂😂 Husband always support his wife.
as an agriculture major, i really appreciated that video , there are many fake life hacks when it comes to gardening , plant propagation and  maintenance
I LOVE TOUR DEBUNKIN VIDEOS ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❣❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Heck might as well leave your banana in a shaded area outside, it's cold enough here
I feel like a lot of people are afraid of GMOs because they don't understand what they are. Taking a trait from a strong plant and giving it to a weaker one is a part of agriculture that's been present since the dawn of organized society.
I'm mad she said " let's cook it up and give it to DAVE to try" not "let's cook it up and try it" 😭😭😭😭😭 she's not even pretending she's gonna try it anymore #SaveDave
I had never seen a wild banana
Whats the deal with genetically enhanced food? MOST of the food/fruits we eat are already altered to fit out eating habits. Do people still believe life gave us lemons and not ourselves?
Putting chocolate in banana and warming over open fire is common in Sweden 🙂 especially if it's cold outside, and eat it with vanilla ice cream.
😂
so many bananas! its absolutely bananas :)
Have you tried cutting the bottom off of a stalk of celery and putting it in water? It will grow a tiny celery plant. 💚
Poor Dave. How long until he goes bananas?
Ppl are scared of gmos bc monsanto is evil  I also wonder if they can bring back the other species of banana by giving it that same resistance
When dave said it's been along year. My heart hurt for the guy. Thank you for your service.
Anti-GMO sentiment is, as far as I've seen, almost exclusively fearmongering "what if" statements and people fundamentally misunderstanding the concept of Terminator Seeds (and also people seem worried about the impacts of GMO seeds in the wild so why would they NOT want farmers in the developed world where they usually buy new seeds every planting season anyway as I understand it?) and where they WOULDN'T be sold (places where the infrastructure is unsafe/unstable and so farmers need to be able to replant seeds because they can't buy new seeds all the time), I'd be happy to see someone bring a worry that's not "but what if it does this thing that I have no evidence that it'll do?"  Also, it's not like NATURE doesn't modify genomes every day, what do you think a mutation is?!  Viruses sometimes end up giving organisms DNA that is useful to said organisms, monarch butterflies and even humans have some DNA sequences that originally came from viruses if I recall correctly.  And we modify genomes through selective breeding.  It's not like there's any more inherent danger in specific gene-editing techniques, and I'd say that the less specific methods of modifying genomes are MORE dangerous, there are FEWER checks on the genomes of organisms created through selective breeding than there are on more specific gene-editing methods, I mean, look at the dog breeds, there are a few that have breathing problems because of human interference in their breeding, those breathing problems either would not come up in the wild or would die out quickly, but we keep breeding new dogs that suffer because of sloppy techniques in breeding and people being weirdly attached to a look that actually causes issues for the dog.  Imagine if we could/would edit the genes of those breeds so they could still look similar but breathe better, it'd be a boon for both people and those poor pups.  Personally, if a product had a "Proudly made with GMO's" label on it, I'd go out of my way to buy it, because I think that's the only way we're going to be able to continue making safe, reliable food in a world we're constantly screwing over and changing so that our own crops struggle, and in a world where diseases are constantly evolving and have such a quick life-cycle, thus giving them more mutations in a shorter time span.
We used to do the chocolate banana thing in the hot coals left over after a barbecue, with aluminium foil wrap. Worked well with Bournville (chunky, sugar-heavy, dark chocolate) but not well with Galaxy, which turned into something like flour in chocolate milk rather than melting. Of course, that was back when we could have barbecues in England, before the weather alternated between floods and fire risk and inviting people round was likely to become "negligence leading to the death of" and the economy collapsed and charcoal became an unaffordable luxury.
I know that chocolate filled banana recipe as something you put on a grill for a BBQ desert. A friend of mine mentioned it, I think it's wrapped in aluminum foil though? Not sure since I don't like warm banana.
I'm not concerned about GMOs.  More worrying than GMOs are all the pesticides & herbicides used on farmland.
13:51 this is actually a really nice gluten free pudding for a barbecue! Instead of putting it in a microwave, you can wrap it in tinfoil and put it on the bbq andits so tasty!
I think that Blossom will copy this and five minute crafts will debunk it to prove blossom “unreliable”
Hey from Greece. I knew that you will choose Greece when you searched for a country. :)
YES SWEETIE EXPOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOSE
Debunking  video 😍😍😍
Thank you!! I love these videos, it’s so enjoyable to learn on your channel!
That sun cream one makes me so angry
So sorry for the aloe plant😔
As a baker at the Cheesecake Factory, I can tell you that hanging your bananas does absolutely nothing to stop them from browning
I did an experiment during my alevels to see how storing bananas at different temperatures affects how much sugar is created in the banana. This is how I learned putting them in the fridge makes the skin go black
A lot of what we normally eat is genetically modified. People who are against GMOs are just like those who won’t eat gluten without having celiac disease. It’s all misinformation under the guise of new age “science.”
I glab I have my own fig patch yes. I could just pick the bunch when it full and eat it when it ripe. Silk fig for life and normal banana too
A favorite camping treat here in the states is to cut a groove in a banana, put pieces of Hershey's chocolate and some mini marshmallows in the groove, wrap it in foil, and put it in the campfire for a few minutes until the chocolate and marshmallows are melted. Yummy!
3:34 those ''roots'' look like very obvious white string/yarn to me
Me who is allergic to bananas:       °^°
GMO vegetables is totally safe, allows for larger yield so that we can feed more people using less farmland and is the most environmentally sustainable option.
literally everyone else on  youtube this week: thanksgiving recipes  ann this week: *banana*
She basically mass masacred a bunch of plants
I'm a Biologist si I think the Banana modification is great. I know people who are working ob gettibg more iron into crops growing in locations where the popularity has an iron deficiency
The oven baked chocolate in the banana was actually one of the more popular desserts in Sweden back in the 80s. I have had that quite a few times myself. IF you want a more grown up version you can add a cap of Pisang Ambon Liqueur once it's finished baking. It does make it even sweeter though.
U should make these bananas into Banana bread
As a plant pathologist, I loved this video! Banana is a such an important source of income in South America and Africa - and most groves are run by women too. Banana is threatened by a multitude of viruses as well as fungi (the wilt mentioned). Agriculture today would not be possible without Genetic Modifications. Support your local plant breeder; they’re literally saving the world.
2,873rd comment. Even better than first. 😎
Ooh how fascinating to learn about bananas! 🍌 I would be so sad if I couldn't have them anymore - I gave up sugar and bananas are my new source of sweets lol!!!
There is nothing at all wrong with eating GMO plants.  Humans have been altering the genes (in one way or another) of the food they eat for millennia.  Genetically modifying our food plants can increase yield, increases the nutritional value, cut down on pesticide use, allow for a greater range of growing locations/conditions, and even prevent the extinction of a species.
let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try, of course. poor Dave
The banana with chocolate is something we've done in Sweden for so long! However, you're supposed to do it while out in nature and cooking over an open fire. And you wrap the banana in tinfoil before putting it on the hot coals left over after grilling your food. Soooo good!
I always thought, and was told, that hanging bananas was to prevent bruising and nothing to do with ripening.
I think this use of GMOs is exactly how it should be applied.  I'm far more comfortable with genetically modifying a crop to resist a fungus than I am modifying a crop just to look more appealing, as in plumper redder strawberries, usually at the cost of flavor.  That sort of modification is really more about getting consumers to buy the produce instead of overcome an actual problem affecting the crop and livelihood of those dependant upon said crop.  I think this is a good use of Genetic modification.
I remember watching an English program that was talking about the old type of food that used to be like what watermelons used to look like and all the fruits and vegetables and stuff seeds on we've just breed them them to not have the seeds I can't remember what that's called but I remember that the watermelon seeds used to be huge and it used to be more white stuff in the middle the corn on the cob used to be not edible like it is now . there's a whole bunch of things that used to be modified to how it is now.
I don't even want to imagine the comments about GMOs people are going to leave. We don't if GMOs are bad for us because there's not much research on the subject.
Any UK girl guider knows about chocolate bananas, common bbq thing
IMO as long as they dont make the food dangerous to eat GMOs are a good thing even if people see them as unnatural, and oftentimes actually make food even more safe and in some ways can help them be more healthy too.
wow hearing about that suncream “hack” triggers me as someone living in Australia, it’s so insanely dangerous, my pale ass brother went for a pool day and reapplied suncream every hour and let it soak in and whatever before going back into the water but he is so badly burnt, he has blisters on his upper arms, hands, neck, ears, nose and scalp, his feet were purple momentarily, he had what we thought was heat stroke the night of the pool day, it’s so dangerous and his skin is sensitive as it is, in fact it’s so sensitive that he’s allergic to most suncreams 😭 please be sunsafe, it can be so dangerous
Dark colors absorb more sun light and can lead to heat stroke so much faster if anything white clothing reflects sunlight and will keep you cooler in the long run. Please please I speak solely from experience as I went to Kings Dominion dressed from head to toe in black everything and nearly pasted out 3 different times from the heat. I had on a black shirt, black hoodie, black long pants and black shoes. As well as black socks. When I say I was dressed in black from head to toe I meant it.
I tend to try to avoid GMO in fear of possible strange effects or farming mistakes. (I’m going on my knowledge of Highschool bio and not much else) but if it is going to save jobs, lives, and food we don’t have another choice.
but saying that one sun burn increases risk of melanoma 2 times is disinformation also, because there is no way this can be really traced excluding other factors because it's just too many different thing happen to a person during several years
The zombie banana was reversed lol
There would be one or two people trying with the Aloe Vera and after a week they realised they've used a plastic Aloe Vera
here in brazil we have a really large amount of variaties of bananas, nor just cavendish, my favourite one is "banana prata" or silver banana, its a lot more acidic than the cavendish and not as sweet, delicious
How do you check for TR4?
Do you have a bird😅😅 I can hear it late in the video, and I thought I was going crazy😂😂😂
Awesome
Havent we just gmo'd all fruits to make them have more flesh and less seeds?
Why do I get so happy when people mension my country, Greece???
the chocolate pieces in the banana is actually a nice and easy dessert for camp fires... just wrap the chocolate filled banana in aluminum foil and put it in the fire.
I hate bananas! >:C
Re GMO, I don't mind hybrids from grafting or even gene splicing. I do mind the GMO that creates pesticides within seeds and plants (like the type that causes bug pests to disentigrate if they eat the plant - how is that not affecting me?!). Also, I don't like that the DNA from the GMO plants can get into other crops nearby. Monsanto uses that to accuse farmers who won't buy their seeds of "stealing" their patented product and then engages them in lengthy, expensive litigation. They want everyone to buy their seeds or close shop. And the farmers who do buy their seeds have to buy seeds year after year because they're not allowed to do any seed-saving (something farmers have done forever).
In my country, banana peel chips (or crisps) is a real thing
The banana disease is very interesting, but genetically modified bananas are better than not any bananas at all!
8:28 you were so excited to let Dave try it 😂
When I was a child maybe 5 or 6 my babysitter let me play outside in the pool all day with no sunscreen and I got 3rd degree sunburns. The doctors told my mom that my chances of developing melanoma were way higher now. My babysitter didn't think of it because she was dark skinned Italian and so was her son. Not that you shouldn't wear sunscreen with dark skin, because you should, but in the 90's it wasn't as common. I cannot go outside for 5 minutes without feeling burned.
My parents used to do the "hack" at 13:50 for my when I was a kid, but they put squares of chocolate from a chocolate bar, wrapped it in metal-foil and put it in the oven. Delicious but strange how I liked that so much and still dislike bananas
The theory about bananas from Wilgubeast article is like the game we used to play as a child, chinese whispers. It ends with the sentence said nothing like the one at the beginning.
Is it sad I love this women for her brain and calm casual way of dropping fact bombs, but also love that handsome husband for his easy going wit!?? I'm so confused 😕
Here in the US, bananas sold at the grocery store which are labeled organic have a wrapping on the stems. I always assumed the wrap was to protect the bananas from non-organic contaminants. But maybe it also is intended to keep them fresher longer?
As always a good watch.
Why is nobody talking about the squaking happening in the background at the end of the vid? I thought there was a cat in my house! Lol
"even monkeys peel bananas"
The bananas i bought at a major grocery store 2 days ago had already wrapped the ends in plastic wrap for me lol
OMG!!! I was waiting for your video and it finally arrived!!! Yay I love ur videos so much...
I think I remember once seeing images of old-age bananas that have caramel-coloured seeds in them. So, those images of the bananas with lots of big black seeds in them didn't surprise me much at all! Does make me pretty interested in just what the breeding process was, to get rid of said big seeds to make our modern-day bananas, though.
I don’t care about GMO cause I’m a kid. Also I’m a huge fan of How to cook that!
Do you think the banana sunscreen idea came from the brand of sunscreen “Banana Boat”??
There are some of  the people Believe at video they watch beacase "some content creator" not being transparent at their content  They use "thumbnail" and being "click baited"  so we need to listen to experts have experience in that course "stop being not transparent!"
How to make your bananas last longer? Find the greenest ones you can.
“I’m add lots of bbq sauce because I don’t want it to taste bad for Dave” - Ann 2020  That’s love 😂😂😂
If the GMO, in this case, can help the income and nutrition of those farmers then... why not? If it makes the food more resistant or can grow larger crops in smaller areas then go for it. Plant more forest in that place instead.
You can make tasty kolar Bora from zombie bananas
Making people waste food by doing stupid things is one thing, but the sunblock one went to far. Hope someone sue them for it. Wow, thank you for explaining
The bananas we are CURRENTLY eating are already hella genetically modified so anyone who has a fit over these new bananas being ~genetically modified~ is an idiot lmao
Thanks for the reminder I have bananas in the Fridge!
Why is YouTube letting in this blossom Content
“It’s crunchy-“  -Dave 2020
That chili pepper in the banana placed in a dirt filled melon was the most random and useless hack that I can’t stop laughing!! Thank you Ann for subjecting yourself to these ridiculous hacks for our benefit
Thank you for the detailed, well researched information! I've followed for years for your amazing creations, and I've always enjoyed when you take the time to put your food scientist hat on and explain why things work. I've heard a lot of different things about ripening bananas, but like your house, our house is one where they get eaten too fast to need to test any methods out!   On that note, I have heard about the most recent Banana Plague, and I'm excited to hear there is a fix. From what I understand, most of the fear around GMOs is conflating M/o/nsanto's predatory seed practices with actual harm being done to us through food. Yes, it is bad that one seed company has made their seeds unable to be re-propagated so that people have to re-buy them every year. That does not mean eating them is necessarily harmful.  I've also seen people say that corn is modified to fatten up cows and chickens faster and so eating corn will also fatten up people, and that eating animals that have eaten that corn will do the same. I've never gone down the rabbit hole to see where this claim comes from, but it's definitely a different concern than Bananas being completely wiped out. I think the concern over GMOs should be less about whether they exist, but about transparency with regards to what they do.
The chocolate bananas are a well known fireside  treat, they cook nicely on an open fire if you leave them bit further away from the flames. And warm sweet treat on a chilly evening is really a pleasure.
GMO are great! Idk why we are so against it. I think strict testing on GMO plants must be made before comertializing. But if it's properly done I really don't get what is the trouble. We are okay with GMOs in medicine and drug development (because it already happens) but not in food....
This is bananas
The reason we don't have bananas like the ones we eat is because they've been modified to specifically be seedless and easy to peel. GMO is a fascinating topic to get into when you start learning how much of what we eat is because of GMO's. Bananas, tomatoes, corn, are only edible because of gmo. Even dogs can be considered a gmo, because selective breeding is genetic modification. It's a fun topic
"Anti-genetically modified food" As if the bananas we buy in the store weren't? Lol. Humans have been modifying the way fruits and vegetable grow for centuries. Even if now we can do it a lot quicker, it doesn't change the fact that the corn, avocados, bananas, etc, that we eat today are no where near what their wild origins were. We took things that hardly had any meat on it and turned them into things that did, via selective breeding of the plants. That, in and of itself, is genetic modification.
I'm not against genetically modifying foods, through genetic manipulation. But I do worry about unintended consequences such as
Ann really wearing Holo Taco, huh. Looks like enought evidence to call her holosexual as well
I use produce storage bags that absorb ethylene gas to keep fruits good longer, but that works so so sometimes, because some stuff needs more air flow than the bags allow
I wish she was my teacher.She makes everything so simple.❤
“I don’t know if you would want to eat banana peel” she says with the yuck face. “But let’s cook it up and give it to Dave to try” she says it was an evil smile. Lol 😆😆
first holo now bananas >.> anne is trying to communicate with simplynailogical
That was the saddest timelaps I have ever seen.......
right....1st this video really need a follow up: banana cooking video. 1 way to "hack" your banana is to cook em.... baked banana, roasted banana, boiled banana, fried banana, 'godok' (i have no idea what the english word for this one)   and while at it we also need to talk about the other banana species... seriously cavendish is just one of many.. it sadden me that many around the world have no access to the other bananas
Oh jeez, I'm horrified by that banana sunscreen one.
GMO wise I think there's no problem, as long as farmers aren't getting into debt /poverty because of the costs set by richer industries
Hey Ann, love the holo nails :)
Poor Dave 😂. That man is a SAINT ❤️.
I'm not in a science major, but I did a lot of research on GMO for 2 semesters of a journalism college class, and the fear over GMO is extremely overblown... Infuriatingly so.
Am I the only one who thinks Ann looks especially glowing in this video? I can't put a finger on what it is, but she just looks healthy and happy, and I want to know her secret!
My local walfart sells bananas with the plastic around the top.
aww hell yeah, another debunking video, this is gonna be good! *grabs popcorn*
Those fake clibkbait scam channels are putting a lot of work into their fakery.
Am I the one who really like brown bananas? They are sweeter and softer
The chocolate/banana hack works to do it over a grill (like glowing coal, not a fire lol). But I was just a kid so maybe ANYTHING with chocolate tasted great 🤣
With the first tips, you can grow many plants from leaves by placing them in water. If you need a little help you can get rooting hormone cheaply at a garden center. You stick the cut tip in a bit of hormone powder and keep it in slightly moist soil. No bananas necessary.
Those against GMO foods are anti-science. With the increasing population, the best way to keep keep everyone is to create higher yield more nutrient dense foods and the only way to do that quickly is via the process of GM-ing foods. Let's also not forget that farmers having been modifying foods for generations by cross breeding, the process is just made faster by literally just putting in the DNA sequences directly, there's basically no differences.
It wouldn't be a debunking video without Dave suffering am I right   😉
In five hours you got 111,912 views? What? You're amazing!
Thanks we all know the truth now😂
is that holotaco on your nails?
I really miss her old school videos when she actually used to bake
That pulled pork thing is disgusting
Hey ann! I'm an aspiring food scientist currently in the middle of my study. I was wondering about your journey on becoming one, the major, your uni (or just the area if you would prefer anonimity) your struggles, and all the other aspects on becoming a food scientist. I would really appreciate if yoy could make a video of that since not many people know what it takes to be a food scientist, and i would like to know as a fellow scientist!   Love your work always ❤
Gurl, I come for you but stay for the science related content. As an Aussie living (stuck)abroad in Japan, your videos are a constantly reminder of our accent, our humour and mindset. Thank you
I just wanted to say how much I enjoy your videos and genuinely wish more YouTubers were like you. Educational yet entertaining content is so underrated I think and I hope your channel continues to expand and get more attention because you deserve it! Please never stop making videos! Love your number one fan from Japan! :)
It’s a known method in Brazil where we have massive avocados and wrap it in journals (cheap and available) and place it usually under the oven, but really anywhere, and they ripen faster that way, I even though that was where the banana ripening idea came from
All foods are genetically modified. the anti-gmo movement often "forgets" this fact
5 Minute Craft should be deleting those videos by now
Watching this while eating a banana
the funny thing about people hating on gmo who still eat bananas is that ALL edible bananas are already GMO. there have never been any edible wild bananas. We have been genetically modifying them for over a century.
I would have loved to been a passer-by while they're filming her rubbing the banana peel on her face.
hi Ann I'm a big fan i have been watching your vids for three years
Can you please do a whole video about genetically modified foods
This was so interesting, I’m glad people like you are spreading awareness of all these food related topics that need to be fixed.
Gmo is not bad, except when the soy beans choke up other plant life.
They once showed a similar hack where you could grow a rose from an old bouquet, if you inserted it into a potato and covered it with soil. It didn't work for the rose, but I have a healthy and big potato plant now.
i knew about panama desease before watching this and i was hopeing you would talk about it and then you did and it made me super happy. cos it's very important to talk about.
Love the debunking of content farm "hacks"! Just one piece of information to add to this problem with banana fungus: the reason that happens to banana productions is largely due to the way we bred them to get to where they are today, that is this nearly all flesh and sweet fruit. That made these bananas seedless, since those black spot inside are not functional seeds. So to make  more trees the farmers have to get parts of another plant and put it on the soil to grow into another producing banana tree. On doing that, we get to a point where whole plantations of banana are basically a clone farm, with each individual plant having the same genetic code os the others. That's why a single disease affects so much of the production, since, if one plant is vulnerable, they all are. That is why you see the researcher introducing genes from another species of banana, because that is the only way to get resistant plants. In a normal population of a plant or animal species, a few of the indivicuals might be resistant to a new disease, so they'll be able to survive and pass on their pathogen-resistant genes.
Click on the video, press like then watch
At about the 25 minute mark, is that...a bird? Maybe a magpie?
All our food crops are genetically modified through heavy selective breeding over the millennia. The sort of genetic tweaking the researcher did in this case would likely entirely be possible through these traditional techniques, but much less accurate or rapid.
There is one invariant fact about folks that are anti-GMO - They have no idea what GMOs are. GMO technology has the power, as you said, to fix big problems for people. Take Golden Rice for example, which if it wasn't being fought tooth-and-nail by frankly complete morons, it could save the lives of a billion people over the next few decades. Literally a billion people.
How to “save” a banana once it’s gone brown: Chuck it in the freezer and use it for making banana bread later on.
"Banana peel really sucks -  BUT let's cook it up and give to Dave to try." 8D Whether you're baking or debunking, I always find your videos completely fascinating and look forward to your uploads. Many Thanks, Ann! (And you too, Dave!)
Wild bananas are used to make wine in Vietnam by the way. It tastes nice
was there a random clip of an octopus sometime after 11:00, or was that just me?
I think my tomatoes suffered Panama Disease or Fusarium Wilt. My other plants are fine but every single one of my eight tomato plants suffered from it with only 2 of them having died from Tomato Mosaic Disease. Wow, it lasts for that long? Better grow my tomatoes in pots now
I'm vegan and I made the banana peel "meat" a few times. If you season it really well it actually tastes really good. I wouldn't say this is only for hard times. It's not like meat, obviously, but it's good and it can taste similar with the right seasonings. Also zero waste of food. 🌱 We already have A LOT of protein in vegetables/grains/etc. This is not the point of the recipe. Btw, I love your videos ♥️
Bananas are already GMO because they've been bred to have no seeds and a lot of fruit and a nice taste and texture. I don't think there is any non-GMO produce item out there. It is naturally genetically modified through breeding though.
I know it’s not relevant my trypophobia made me damn near vomit when that pic of that wild banana popped up
I don't mind GMOs. If they make the food safer to eat, healthier and more nutritious, and/or make the plant more resistant to diseases, I say go ahead. People don't want dangerous chemicals in their food and GMOs can help with that since GMOs are genes from other plants. GMOs can also reduce the need for pesticides, which is also nice. It's a balancing act. While people hundreds of years ago had to breed and select crop to grow based on traits they saw, we can do that much faster with how they make these _scaaaaaary_ GMOs. These new modified plants are rightfully rigorously tested, but they can do so much good.
Yay for GMO!  The disease not only wipes out food supplies but also people's  livelihoods!  There is not much difference between cross pollination selective reproduction and GMO except for the speed at which desired results are obtained. Isn't science wonderful!
Please don't advertise VPN services, they trick folks into buying into false security.
OK, so what you are telling me is that I need to invest in a banana fridge.
The way the aloe plant roots where in the banana in the hack video in my experience have been stuffed into the banana as the roots where so long they would have ripped off Source : I’m a plant wizard
@ 6:10 if anything, it seems like the banana peel made the UV sensitive beads darker.
Anti-GMO sentiment is largely a product of disinformation and lack of understanding.  GM is a tool, nothing more.  There are viruses in nature doing things like swapping genes around between species all the time, but somehow that random genetic modification is perfectly fine.  When we do it intentionally to benefit humanity, people get upset.  For comparison, nobody seems to care that the ruby red grapefruit was a product of atomic gardening (intentionally irradiating crops in the hopes of finding novel mutations) even though it resulted in a new genetic pattern that is transmissible.  Had that gene been altered intentionally, would it be any different?  How about selective breeding?  You're still hoping to isolate or find novel mutations.    If I grew a trillion rice plants and found one that produced vitamin A, propagated it and gave it to malnourished parts of the world, I'd be a hero.  When a scientist does this intentionally, inserting vitamin A producing genes into rice, Greenpeace gets upset and convinces activists to destroy development fields.  And no, the common objections don't apply here.  Just about every plant already produces beta carotene, so there's no contamination to be had in the surrounding environment, and no, Monsanto is not planning to license the crop to peasant farmers - they granted free licenses to the patents to anyone making $10k or less on their rice harvest annually (and they did so 20 years ago, long before anyone forced their hand), and yes, the seed is allowed to be kept and propagated.  People need to grow up, stop being willfully ignorant, and learn instead of being afraid.  We're projected to top out at around 10 billion people on this planet, and it's going to take something to feed them all.
I think GMO is great!!!
the whole gmo-phobia is so annoying to me cuz 9/10 times it's people that just don't understand genetics. there's brands selling fruit or vegetables and they'll label them as "WITHOUT GENES" and it's the dumbest shit i've ever seen. not to mention the people that are like "oh no i'm not eating this, it'll alter my genes" like WTF obv there are downsides to genetically manipulating plants (eg. infertility, too many resistances) but generally it's really smart and could help hunger-stricken areas so much.
This video was really quiet for me 🤔 I had to have volume all the way up to max!
super interesting infos in here! now I know I never want to see bananas with large seeds again too
17:10 Lol that's the page of my university :'D
feel like they just wanna make fun of the people who believe them for rubbing banana peels on their face
It's 12:56 am and now I want to eat a banana, chuckle.
All bananas have the big hard seeds originally. The commercial bananas we get have been bred to be triploids (three sets of chromosomes), which leads to the seeds being unable to mature and thus the banana stays "seedless". The same type of trick is used to make seedless grapes and seedless watermelon. If you think about it, how would plants without seeds be able to fill the market if they don't have seeds that you can use to make more of them? For most, seedless produce, you breed together two plants with different chromosome numbers (plants can have a lot more sets of chromosomes than people can) so that you end up with the sterile, seedless version. I say most instead of all because some plants can reproduce by growing more plants via their root system and I think that is the case for banana trees but I'm not positive about that. So, if the resistant strain of banana has a diploidy version (two sets of chromosomes) and tetraploidy (four sets of chromosomes), then they could probably breed a sterile triploid version again. That being said, I think GMO's are fine and the fear surrounding them is mostly due to people not knowing what they are or what their purpose is, along with the spread of misinformation.
Loool did anyone notice the sunscreen she sprayed on the beads at 5:20 is Banana Boat brand?
Reminds me of nigellas bananapeel-curry-gate
I don’t like that I like your debunking videos this much, because I really love watching your baking videos, but your debunking videos are really fun!
I miss the earlier times where content farms never came to existence, especially “cooking hacks” like “OMG someone could’ve been seriously injured from this hack.” I appreciate Ann and other content creators are debunking these “alternative methods” so no one else can. Keep up the good work!
Can we get more videos of Ann picking a fruit or veg and teaching us about them? Like tomato’s, apples and squash.
I love your new hair color❤️❤️
Bananas, the natural substitute for soil!!!!
I love you, woman. You're fighting ignorance in your own way. Thank yoyu. Thank you. Thank you.
With gmo foods about 99.999999% of the fruit veg and grains we consume have been modified to alter their genetics, I don’t understand why it s a bad thing. Please tell me the facts as to why it is a bad thing. I’m interested to hear from a food science perspective.
loves from Austria ... you are a two person army of enlightenment  infotainment at it´s best :)
Well, time to make a load of banana bread
GMO's are fine until taken too far, like the REALLY muscular cows. If it harms animals then it's not very good.
Warning for others with trypophobia, the pattern of seeds and flesh on the wild banana she's talking about triggered me and may also trigger you guys. It pops up at about 27:54 😬
I honestly feel that unless people start suing these content farms, they're not gonna stop.
People who are scared of GMOs should only eat wild bananas. ALL the nonwild bananas (and basically all fruits we eat) are GMOs. Their fear is irrational and ignorant of the fact that all their food for their entire life has been genetically modified.
Do I hear a kitten in the background of the video?
Thank you for the great content Anne. Once again I've learned so much from your video.
just a note;  the bananas were paid actors
I think in this case GMO is going to be a good thing.  Especially for those who depend on it for food and livelihood.
The sunscreen part made me wince bc here in France my (high school) biology class includes a quick lesson on UV-rays, how they affect the body and why the ozone layer is important. And on our test we had to pretend to explain it to Australians (as tv hosts I guess) and give them advice (the exact advice you gave here) to avoid getting sunburnt. It's disturbing to see "hacks" that are supposed to be cheaper or funnier alternatives, so the kind you'd show to a kid, when sun protection is so important to avoid skin cancer.
A lot of people I know, when their bananas brown, make banana bread.
Those banana seeds are freaky
There's nothing wrong with gmo crops at all. I believe almost all of our crops are gmo. Like carrots, wheat, mais, tomatoes, potatoes,... Why are people scared of it? They make them more efficient, less seed more food, and resistent to bad diseases, like potatoes. There was a massive hunger problem because of rotting potatoes in Ireland once, then they cross bred them, which is changing their dna. So the same thing genetic modification does. I once ate an ancient kind of carrot, a purple one, as almost all carrots have been crossed to be orange. And I developed an allergy to all carrots now. So please give me only those safe genetically checked crops. I have tons of examples why we're not equipped to eating the original kind anymore. My dad knows even more about it as he grows wheat and beets on his farm.
waait so you could keep a banana green for months if you dont expose it to ethalyne?
Gmo for saving species: good Gmo that harms small farmers: bad Gmo for other reasons: debatable
OH Dave, such a mood.
Daves stomach is probably made of cement
Quick banana fact: banana flavouring is based off the old bananas that we don't eat anymore due to them being wiped out. So if you think banana flavouring doesn't taste like banana, they just don't taste like the type we eat today, but based on the other types we used to eat
Wow, I'm impressed that no flies showed up during that rotting banana time lapse. You must have a clean/well-sealed house!
Omg, what? You mean GMO's can be good and helpful to keeping our foods and slowing food deprivation thereby helping to negate world hunger...well, the Karen's of the internet told me GMO's are bad, and since your name is Ann (not Karen) I'm sorry, but I just can't take your word on this.
This video was bananas       Sorry.
Everyone needs to find themselves a Dave: someone who will stand by you no matter how much terrible food you feed him in the name of science haha!
Correct me if I’m wrong but weren’t  the common banana’s we have now selectively bred to avoid the seed issue? I don’t see how GMO is a massively different idea
Fantastic video, always love when you do these :)
The "roots" on the aloe look more like sauerkraut to me than any roots, and I say that as a gardener. They look mushy in stead of firm, have a weird transparent yellowy colour in stead of the white you'd generally expect and they don't have any of the small root hairs that should be on there if they were actual roots.
"Even monkeys peel banana". Dave makes me think that monkeys are smarter than 5 minute craft
Dave is hilarious! "Even monkeys peel bananas"
“ even monkeys peel bananas” 🤪
May I offer a banana hack that does work?  If you take a banana that is completely green (not due to turn yellow for a week or so) and wrap it, overnight, in a paper bag, it will turn yellow in a day or so.
I love her videos so much. I learn  something new every time.
Dave is the true trooper of this world
I don't like bananas
Okay there is this kind of dumb recipe on tik tok right now and I would love to see you debunk it/try it I think it’ll work as far as baking just taste terrible. Here’s the link.   https://vm.tiktok.com/ZMJCT4NV2/
Well, actually the banana that was "wiped out" by Panama disease in 1950s was not exactly wiped out from the face of the earth. It is just not cultivated for export anymore and replaced by cavendish banana. This type of banana, however, is alive and well in places where it is naturally grown, like Indonesia (and I believe some other Southeast Asian countries). In Indonesia it's known as pisang ambon (which funny enough also a name of a type of liquor in The Netherlands). Pisang means banana, by the way. I personally like the taste of pisang ambon much better than cavendish. I find cavendish banana very bland. But I guess being in Indonesia we are blessed with many different type of bananas that taste good and we don't have to import (I am sure people in several other Southeast Asian countries can say the same) so I don't have to eat cavendish banana. Fun fact: the earliest evidence of domesticated banana from wild variety (as Ann said, wild banana have seed while domesticated ones are not) is from the island of Papua New Guinea. I am from the island of Java, and now that I live in West Papua I discovered types of banana that I didn't even find in Java, and they are all good!
Also, just want to say a big THANK YOU Mrs. Ann for dedicating your time to educating people. It is so important to have the correct information about things. And with the internet being bombarded with misinformation in pretty much every topic known to man, you are a breath of fresh air! Keep it up!
GMOs have saved people's lives! Crops like golden rice that have been modified to contain vitamin A has helped stop so many people develop eye problems in places where they don't have access to more nutrient rich food. GMOs are great people are just scared of things they don't understand
I'm a biologist, and i want to congratulatz you for bringing the topics of gmo and banana disease and i want  to complement/coment somethings: -The thing is the variant banana we eat are all genetic clones, they dont have seads, so they are reproduced by assexual means, that does't produce genetic diversity. What this means in this case as that all bananas plants has the same suceptibility for disease. So when one new disease they are suceptible appears, all bananas trees  in the world will be sucetible to get sick and die.  About the GMO, is a complex assunt, and im not specialisty but i did an article about it when i was studying in USA: Generally, GMO are safe and heavy tested before going to fild, usuaaly the problems are not directed relacted with the technology itself but how we use it. For example herbicide resistent corps are byitselft usually safe, but is common to farmers use a lot more herbycide when using it and they are dangerous. Or some answrts to enviromentla concers created new social problems, like farmers not being able to stck seads to cultivate the plants next season and needing to buy all again.  What i mean is if your contry has solid health regulation and fiscalization, GMOs probably are going be fine: they are heavy tested before going comercial so allergies and health problems are ussualy discovered a long before they went to the market. We shouldn't ban the tecnoogy all together,  GMOhas a lot of potencial, but we  DO need to regulate with more care how the technology are implantected, because most of thir social,enviromental and health impacts are caused by secundary means ( what we called the tehcnology web).
A lot of our food is already genetically modified any way. Take corn for example. Many many years ago it was a weird spiky thing but, now after years of humans selecting the plants with mutations that made the corn edible we have our modern corn.
Sun cream haha
give me those gmos. I want bananas for ever. How sad would the future be if it's banana-less?!
15:32 So you use all that plastic to wrap one banana, what do you do with the plastic after you're done and nothing happened to the banana? oh right, it goes to the trash. Just eat your bananas and stop wasting all that plastic. Sorry about my rant, I'm a marine biology student and watching things like that triggers my "protect mother nature" senses XD.
I love to lern from you.
Someone call BEYYYYNNN from SimplyNailLogical! He would love that video!
We've been changing wild foods with a form of genetic modification, not a single gene but thousands, for thousands of years now our generation has refined the process so instead of wasting our time we just insert the genes that we know will work seems like the smartest thing we can do, so let's do it!
I read a lot of studies about GMO, and I think that is sad that people are scared of it  because we can benefit a lot from it and it is harmless. Now it is profitable marketing tactic to put "No GMO" on package and I believe that companies that do this are responsible for  this GMO scare .  Also I'm vegan I wouldn't do this pulled pork from banana peels - maybe if i were broke and really hungry :D
For the banana, I put a ripe one in the freezer after I cut it and it didn't brown, but I got a terrible brain freeze LOL
The thing with people that are against GMO is they don't realize that almost everything we eat is already genetically modified. The original fruit or veggie was genetically modified so many years ago to make it more edible. Like the banana that had hardly any edilbe fruit and was mainly seeds, it has been modified to have more edible fruit and smaller seeds making it more desirable for consumption. I would love for Ann to do a whole video on the way fruits and veggies have been changed over the years. This is such an interesting topic that I don't think many people are aware of.
Oh Oh no  Dave
"i can see you angrily typing- Keep going, don't let me stop you!"
Never trust anyone with sunprotection apart from regular sunscreen and your dermatologist. I have a sun allergy, I've been burnt to a damn crisp countless times until the home remedies from my family stopped. Nothing works as well as sunscreen and staying out of the sun (yes, even in Winter). Please be careful with your skin.  Also putting stuff like banana peel on your skin makes it more likely to break out with acne, pimples and other unpleasant things
Bananas with large black seeds inside are probably one of the scariest things I've seen lately.
Keeping bananas in good shape: I just peel 'em all, chop 'em up, and freeze them. Then I just eat frozen banana pieces.
Dont forget that banana peels are an allergen risk!
The funny thing is a cheese plant is so easy to propagate, but not if you cut a leaf without a node into a banana!
I think the risk of gmo is way blown out of proportion and we are rejecting technology that would reduce food waste and reduce the ecological impact on the environment as well as save lives such as the rice that makes vit A and saving livelihoods.
Cooked bananas with chocolate (and marshmallows) are delicious!  That's one of my favorite camping treats.  Peel and split a banana, put it on a piece of foil, add chocolate and marshmallows.  Seal it up and put it in the coals to cook for a bit.  Amazing!
pro GMO
your experiments never stop amaze me!!!
Whenever my bananas are going bad I make banana bread out of them
As far as I'm concerned I think GMOs are the only way to guarantee the agricultural production levels needed by the current world food needs. Should they be regulated ? Yes and they are. As long as a banana doesn't scream when I eat it, bleeds or tries to run away on its spider legs I'm fine wiht it :)  Great video!
Well if I didn't learn something just now. Very good video, I really like these! :D
“Do we trust her, it’s been a long year!” ahahaha Dave. I appreciate you two so much!
Idk the people who complain about GMO seem like the same people who complain about vaccinating their kids sooooo
Gmos are basically what we have in most food crops now. Humans selectively breed certain plants to increase desired genes.
While there probably is a food shortage, I am sure our American corporations are doing more harm in those country than good. Most likely, overworking, and exploiting workers in other countries.
The banana and chocolate in the microwave looks like an old camping trick. Cut a banana put chocolate in the middle, wrap in alfoil and put it in the coals.
Dave: "it's been a long year"  I feel ya, Dave.
Best couple on Youtube ❤️ poor Dave living through hard times 🤣
beyyyn will love these
Here’s a real banana gardening hack : put a mashed banana or banana skin at the bottom of your hole when you transplant or plant zucchini or cucumber and you will get incredible plants!
All I hear is yet another reason to get a wine fridge:’) Red wine and banana fridge, lets gooo! And also: green bananas are the best:’)
How come when you get bananas at the store the tops are wrapped in plastic?
I thought it was the other way around. That Bananas help in ripening other fruits 😂
How many of you banana lovers are thankful to the countries and farmers that produce your favourite fruit?
Enlightening video! And if not for GM food, the world would already be dealing with huge food shortages. (I mean, more than it already is with millions dying from hunger every year, but it's mostly a money problem than actual food shortage...I digress)  That seedy banana looks...scary lol Fun fact: I live on a small town (about 50k people) that produces banana and a sweet made from it called "Bananinha" (literally 'little banana' in Portuguese) which is just a stick of banana sweet covered in sugar lol, [Yeah it's in Brazil, hello from the other side of the world haha] that's even exported to other countries O_O
Wondering what kind of animal she has. There is that squeaky noice in the background 😊
"Banana peel??? Like the packaging on the outside of the food?" why was this so funny lmaooo
💛🐈🍌 am I crazy or did I just hear a cat meowing in the background?!?
Something about labels of all natural organic salt and water just brings up a price.
Poor david haha
You didn't show us that first clip in the last video, you just put it in the thumbnail and we all thought it was clickbait lol
Seeing those wild bananas made me shiver!! They look ghastly
*Simply Nailogical has entered the chat*
I love that the favourite sunscreen was on point with the brand! Banana Boat - ‘fun sun protection’! Very cute Ann!
How is 5 Minute Crafts even allowed on YouTube? And how is your channel not so much more popular! You're fantastic!
0:55 if you are going to photoshop a plant onto a banana, at least do it well... really interesting video!
GMOs are great ...bananas exist because of this. Also many are clueless about what a GMO.
That’s enough bananas for a couple loaves of banana bread
With the microwaved bananas, we make those at summer camp in the coals of our cooking fire. We add marshmallows, and sometimes sprinkles, alongside the chocolate before wrapping them in foil. We call them banana boats!
Dave's haircut is nice
genetically modified bananas are bad? are you serious? have they seen how bananas looked thousands of years ago compared to today?
The ‘roots’ we’re banana fibers!
Always like and comment! We need her to show up in other people's feeds instead of those content farming nonsense channels.
Yay im kinda early because I live in the US.
i been waiting for this one!
I have no qualms with GMO in terms of health and conspiracies. But I’m not sure it addresses the root cause of these problems which is essentially intensive farming.
Thank you so much!! What they were doing with that pepper in the banana has kept me up at night....
Dave is an amazing man, not many people would go, “ok, strange thing! Sure I’ll eat that!”
I like green bananas
I really feel like the future will be gmo’s and in truth, that might not be the worst thing provided there’s some sort of quality assurance to see to it something nasty occurs. From what I’ve heard, a big part of why gmo’s are avoided is the fact that you might know something is genetically modified. And to those who are spooked, evolution has been naturally occurring since always. Just because we can force our food to evolve doesn’t mean we’re playing god, just turning the hands of the clock
Wait banana is awesome. I use him instead chemical garden fertilazer, outside i can grab poo from horses :))) but for my orchids and other flowers awesome, just grab banana peel and let it rot in watter, or just mix fresh peel with watter, little bit of coffe and egg shell, watter with it flower , happy flowers :) but not more then once by month :)
I've heard that the Grow Michelle banana variation's flavor was similar to the artificial banana flavour we stil use in candies and such today. And that's why  banana flavoured things don't taste like banana to us.
Thank you again, not just for the debunking but for all the educational information you provide. I really do learn something from all these
The banana/chocolate recipe is great for camping! Just wrap the banana with choclate in alfoil and put it into the coals of the fire. It's actually pretty great.
Hi Ann love the channel I was one of your first subscribers my friend is leaving the city I live in, he is having a party can you please do a recipe video
Bananas version of corona virus
Everyone else trying to stop their bananas ripening and here's me who point blank won't eat a banana until it has a healthy flush of brown spots. I genuinely can't stand an underripe banana. A little bit soft and sweet is is the way to go! On GMO foods, what people often don't realise is that most everything we eat today has been modified by human hands to be more palatable by selective breeding. Look up old watermelons! They look way different to what we're used to. Most GMO is just a continuation of that process using more sciencey cool stuff. People are just scared of what they don't understand, I guess.
We seldom buy bananas because, with just the two of us, we can't eat them in time and there is only so many banana muffins or bread you can make and eat.
Hahahahaha Dave!!!  "The packaging that the food comes in!!!?  Even monkeys peel bananas!"  Pmsl 🤣
Meanwhile  Cristine (from simply nailogical) *trigerrred Beynnnn
Ann: this one's actually not bad Dave: 🤨 I've been burned before
This came up on my feed right after eating a banana 😂
I just love these videos
Monkeys : bitch we r the banana experts . Period.  Humans : start having 100% of the banana.  Monkeys : 👁️👄👁️
The volume was very low this video. But overall I liked it.
Humanity has been modifying genes of plants and animals ever since the advent of agriculture. Selective breeding of animals and sowing crops with preferable traits does exactly that. The only difference is that nowadays we can do it much faster, rather than wait 30 generations.
GMO foods need to have more regulations and such on them, but in a case of making a crop resistant to something that could wipe it out otherwise, IMO that's an example of a great use of GMO.
Corn is genetically modified but everyone eats that 🙄
Ann: "Bananas are people's favourite fruit!" Me: Even its scent makes me want to throw up 😂  But seriously though, I can't eat bananas since I was in kindergarten, but apparently I'm the only one with this problem
Ann, I am sending all your debunking videos to my Chinese parents and relatives, they so easily believe in these stupid hacks. HAHAHA  My thoughts of GMO bananas is that I think it's a part of life. I'm not Science person but I'm in the arts and I know from studying art history is that our fruits have evolved over time, our food has to evolve to our changing world, and I welcome it as long as there's a good study and the crops are safe!
I want uv beads
You look gorgeous Anne
Banans for me is the enemy. Never could eat one or get the smell without wanna throw up. But Ann's videos i really love.
Talking about GMOs is a privilige for the well off.
About the monstera leaf you put in the banana. Since you didnt have a node in your cutting there was no way for roots to grow. Not saying it wouldve worked if you did but i would like seeing that with a proper cutting that has a chance to survive. (Dont think it would even tho banana can be a great fertilizer)
i think gmo is not a real problem with bananas, cause bananas aren't breeding like other plants, they are kind of cloning themselves, so i don't think there is a problem with spreading this genetic modification into the wildlife.
SIMPLYBENLOGICAL NEEDS TO SEE THIS!!!!! 🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌🍌
Entertaining and informative. What more could I ask? :)
Note to self: don't watch Anne's debunking videos whilst eating dinner 🤢
That wild banana gave me tripofobia 🤮
I can't believe I've come to the point of crying for the well being of some australian man because his wife is feeding him strange things
banana peel is a uv blocker  rubs the inside of the banana on her skin  like surely if banana peel was some magic youd rub the outside on your skin not the inside
Hi Anne as an Asian we buy semi-ripe banana for it to last longer. Just sharing ideas. sending love from the Philippines.😁😊
Wow. The new insights in it. That's really educational about food science. We need you to educate them little bit more about this in the advance of social media and YouTube about debunking videos. Thanks for this info......
Omg! Dave! Ur cracking me up!
24:56 What is that whiuuuuuu sound?
banana and chocolate is better when camping for a dessert with kids. wrap it in aluminium foil and throw it into the fire for 10 min
I think Dave is going to get some indigestion tablets for Christmas
In srilanka we grow banana trees and use the whole tree for our everyday users its healthy and eco friendly :)
GMO is not good or bad. It's all in how its used. The bad reputation comes from corn which in the US most GMO corn is classified as a pesticide. They were trying to make it pest resistant and made it inedible. Unfortunately it is still used in modified forms. The second problem with corn is the patent. Again in the US a GMO plant is patented and owned. This means you cannot grow and sell the plant without press permission of the owner. Unfortunately corn reproduces using a pollen which can travel up to five miles. This pollinates non-GMO corn and farms which grow a portion of their crop for seed now have the GMO corn. The industries have been strong arming the family farmers and threatening to sue and take their farms if they don't sign contracts. This has lead to some massive legal issues int he U.S. and a negative reputation on GMO. It's sad because there are great uses of GMOs such as golden rice and the Banana which could potentially save millions of lives.
In my mind GMOs aren't that different from selective breeding. Yes, care should be taken when it comes to growing GMOs to ensure they don't hybridize with wild plants but that's the only real risk they seemingly pose. I feel like most of the stigma of GMOs arises from a lack of understanding and of the idea of what is and isn't 'natural'. No crop plant is really natural as humans have selectively bred them for specific traits and are thus very different from their wild ancestors. GMOs are just a faster and easier way of getting the desired traits into crops.
Wow Ann! I was already amazed by your video and then that section at the end blew me away
Ann: Some of you are still not gonna believe me. Me: If I didn't believe you my mom would have wasted her life on 5 min crafts bs
Pretty much all of our food is GMO. Some is done over a couple years some is done over decades, but humans have been changing our crop characteristics for centuries. I LOVE GMO FOODS!
So I knew UV was bad/dangerous, but I thought it was long and continued exposure which increased the risks. I had absolutely no idea just how quickly UV actually gets to your skin. From ages 16-24 I used to spend every sunny day in summer(Scotland so it's not often) out sunbathing with bikini and I'd be out there for 3-4 hours at a time. Always got burnt but I'd have a nice tan after I healed. I stopped when I turned 25 because I started having "episodes" where I could barely stand and I'd vomit badly. I'm 31 now so haven't done that in a long time but I'm in absolute horror at what I've done to my skin!! Thank you for opening my eyes with such a simple demonstration ❤️
Nigella used banana peel in a recipe in her latest series.
I really love and appreciate how much research you do and the scientific approach you use to explain everything to us plebs. ...Whoa,  I've never seen a wild banana before, never even thought to look it up. I wonder who thought "hmm, 🤔 I could work with this".
Wow, I've learned a lot through this video! Thank You for putting in so much effort into your videos! <3 <3 <3 Wish I had the money to support You via patreon! :D
Yeah wild bananas are made not for eating that for producing more bananas, it’s just sweet enough for animals to eat it and then poop it out fertilizing seeds and planting more banana trees. Bananas are inbred to where we have it how it is today! And honestly I don’t care about genetically mutated since that’s how we got our bananas now and as long as it is the same taste I don’t mind it.
This is my comfort channel
How come those bananas go so brown in 10 days? Maybe it's because they're handled differently but bananas take at least 2 weeks to START going bad.  EDIT now that I think about it, i live in a very high humidity area, we're always at 75+%, but we're no strangers to 98%, so maybe that's why they last longer.
I put an old banana in the cupboard with fresh green bananas and within 2 days the new bananas are ready to eat. Also do this with a PAPER bag, NOT a plastic bag.
Gmo is perfectly safe. This fear is misinformation. All good we eat is man made, like the banana
They wrap the top of bananas in some of the stores near me. -_-
Always the best content on this entire platform. Fun and educational. I’m forever a fan! Sending love from Canada. 🇨🇦
People are afraid of GMOs yet they eat corn... I believe they are mostly afraid because it’s created in a lab. Everything in a lab is created with natural products, there’s nothing to be scared about.
Fascinating how people will read something, completely miss the point, make up an entirely different point in their head, and then proceed to preach about that point.
Great video and good for the farmers of bananas to have a plan b because I heard  the banana flavored candy we have today is based of the old banana that we cant buy anymore so i was a bit concered for the modern one. And i dont know if its true but i heard a banana can make other fruit ripen faster, like to a avocado?
Love you Anne, but Dave is an absolute TREASURE.
Oh my gosh the way my whole body folded into itself cringing when the picture of the wild banana pops up 😨 that looks terrifying lol
what was the barcode on daves tshirt?
Thanks Ann, I love how educational your videos are.  And I agree with GMOs if they are used for a good reason like for the Panama Disease. And here's why, the food will slowly evolve to be be resist diseases and other things, we just speed up the process. Which is helpful because due to the rapid increase for our climates changes, it has made it harder for the fruit and vegetables to adapt and survive on their own. There is only one type of GMO that I do not agree, and that is the seedless fruit, namely because we would have to continously genetically modify the food instead of doing it once or twice and then letting it grow naturally from there. Plus if you want to sell seedless fruit, its much easier and probably less expensive to have machinery to remove the seeds from fruit after they grow,maybe more time consuming though.
I really appreciate the research and care that goes into these videos
GMOs are so, so important for sustaining our population and health, now and especially in the future as our population grows. I honestly believe that all the misinformation surrounding GMOs is a threat to the survival of our species.
Cavendish is monoclonal meaning every single banana is a CLONE and the absence of seeds is what makes it so commercially viable. Other banana and plantain varieties which are resistant to Fusarium Tropical strain 4 are susceptible to earlier strains. Additionally, many other varieties for one reason or another (you mentioned one having lots of seeds) are not considered commercially viable and companies won’t invest money into mass producing those types even though you can buy them locally in different countries.
For 13:50 I used to peel the banana and put chocolate inside, then wrap  in tin foil and put in the oven on low for a few minutes
There's a breed of wild, naturally growing, edible bananas here in the Philippines called "saba" and I'm not sure if it's entirely resistant to the fungus or not
Every time Anne cooks something from 5 min crafts  Anne: let’s give it to Dave  Dave: eventually runs away from home
BEYYNN has entered the chat
Wild banana is a trypophobia trigger, big time, whew. GMO fears are so confusing to me. Corn is modified to be the big ones we know today. It's just adapting and selecting plants, no different from a rose garden.
The biggest source of misinformation is TV News! Main Stream Media!
I’m pretty sure that Ann is the queen of recipes, the scientist of sweets and the crafty cooking master
Imagine just casually rubbing mushy banana peels on your face Also, I’m quite frustrated that there’s so much stigma around gmo’s, unless you intentionally modify the plant to produce poison, there’s no health risk when you consume them...
Fun fact:  in the literature of my native language (imagine a book titled living 101) banana is listed as one of three greatest fruits the others being mango and jackfruit❤️
god i love her
Forget the bananas, I want to know how you kept your house from being overtaken by fruit flies!!!!
I too have the question that how did they come up with ideas like using banana skin to block UV. That creativity should be put to a better use.
Hello
Words of support.
"OOHH SAUCEY BABY"                               - Dave 2020
These videos were always good, but the last few have been excellent.
I live in Cyprus where the geniuses in charge of the government made GMO’s completely illegal in all circumstances here.
Am I the only one who only likes bananas when they have already gotten brown spots?
There's a lot of paranoia about GMO. Almost everything we eat has been "Genetically modified" by selective breeding. Modifying it with gene splicing is just another technique - yes, the results need testing before releasing into the wild, but the danger is hugely overstated. We just need to resist the efforts of some organisations to make GMO crops that cannot be bred so that seeds need to be bought from the manufacturer. Regulating gene splicing is good, but there;s no need to be excessively afraid of it as long as manufacturers are appropriately regulated.
I’ve never understood the hatred toward GMO foods, and I live in an area that’s pretty anti-GMO.
Maybe I saw it wrong , but in the banana as sunscreen experiment it almost looked like the banana beads got a bit darker in their colors than the control did. Like, the purple one was a bit darker and more intense.
I love how Ann's vids are not only about debunking but also educational. I personally had no idea why the bananas turn brown and how they're being transported, not that I would've ever tried to figure it out myself but that was very interesting. Thanks for the banana lecture, Ann!)
Im learning so mush from you from the day that i subbed in learning even more then school XD
also, banana peel "meat" is usually made with very green bananas because that means the sugars haven't developed as much and so the ""meat"" is more accepting of other flavors. and that way you won't have to use that much barbecue sauce, because, let's be honest, it's not exactly healthy XD
fun fact: the chocolate banana thing is very popular in Switzerland, kids often eat it as a dessert at campfires. (wrap the banana in aluminium foil and put it into the  ember)
While it is true that GMO have their hazards if done haphazardly there are very strict regulations and tasting periods before any such foods are mass produced or put out into the wild What i find really funny is the fact that people that are against GMO are fine with cross bred foods (which a lot of what we eat is). They miss the fact that they are really similar but while in GMO they usually insert one or two genes in a very controlled matter usually knowing what the result will be plants are cross bred you get kind of random gene switching with largely varying results...
Ever wonder why banana flavor doesn’t taste like the bananas we eat? Banana flavor is made from the Gros Michel, the one which was wiped out. Fun fact!
Hi Ann! I love your videos. I think it's super cool because I have 2 aloe vera plants called Lenny and Jenny. You're such an awesome person! ❤
I never understand why people complain about GMO... the only reason why we have all our food is because people has figure out how to make GMO during the dawn of agriculture... yes, we been making GMO since 1200 BC.. without GMO we wont have so many seedless fruit.
Surprisingly the rumors I heard was that putting apples with bananas will keep it fresh.
The problem with GMO is that it conflicts with the precautionary principle. We don't know the long term effects of such genetic modification, because we don't have a separate world we can run trials on. When we have ran trials with such things so far, there have been loads of examples of cross pollination and the crops escaping into the wild. There've been legal cases about it happening, so a lot of trials get cut short or cancelled.  So, to a lot of people, there just isn't the evidence that GMO is long term safe.
Do I hear a kitten in the background or is it a puppy?
13:46 putting chocolate in banana and cooking it is common here in norway mostly for little kids but we dont microwave it, we cover it in foil and grill it on a campfire, i loved it when i was little :D
I thought all bananas were already genetically modified? Like you showed normal wild bananas have those huge seeds, so aren't they genetically modified from the original already?   So what difference does it make if they genetically modified yet again to survive this fungus?
I love Dave 😂
the chocolate banana one is actually really great! if you do it in a campfire wrapped in foil that is,,,
Panama disease is a perfect example of the issues with monocultures. They're wonderfully easy to grow, but they are all susceptible to diseases which would be easily thwarted by allowing plants to propagate through pollination.  Also fun fact: the reason banana flavouring doesn't taste like banana is because its modelled after the now extinct species of banana and no-one has bothered to manufacture another one (least not because let's face it, the Gros Michel tastes nicer) so every time you're tasting banana, you're tasting history
Dave is a champion.
I like videos like this, but I kinda wish that she uploaded another low-ingredient baking video or something like that. Still, this was really cool to see!
I love watching you experiment... the sunscreen one was so fascinating
I have to say, for the banana and chocolate thing, this is something tasty and we used to do it at Brownies, put galaxy chocolate in a banana, wrap in foil and cook over a fire or bbq.
Noooo I’m always late to my favorite channel! I live in the US so the post is always at like 4am
12:50 She got us in the first half, I'm not gonna lie
Wow... I never know thats how banana in store are procced. I'm glad i have banana tree in my garden
Let’s see. GMO or no bananas. I’ll happily eat GMO.
This is the first debunking video I've seen that doesn't involve Dave spitting out  whatever  Anne makes him it
You can always make cake with old bananas or vegan ice cream!
Putting chocolate in a whole banana and then cooking it is actually really popular here in Sweden! We cook it in the over or on a grill, not in the microwave!
If I am allowed to breed a bunch of chickens till I create the perfect chicken for eating/selling why can't I just do that in a lab with more accuracy? I don't see the problem with genetically modified food especially if it can save giant banana plantations.
10:12 what???
i like how she say bananas
Ann's videos are some of the VERY few where i'm willing to watch the sponsor segment her content is just that good that i want to give her as much view time as i can, she deserves it
"Because I don't want it to taste bad for Dave" Not once has that EVER stopped you before 😂 Who are you, and what have you done with Ann?!
Such a waste with those overseas stocks, all that time, travel and processing, support Aussie farmers!
I am now much more educated in the art of banana  Although I can still barely spell it
i swear for a second i thought she was going to rub dave with banana and leave him outside
"let's give it to Dave to try" iconic
I love putting banan in over with chocolate
Honestly why don't we sell them under ripe? We do that here in my town and we barely waste any (my dad rents our mini dump truck to the local landfill and not a lot of bananas)
I don't think GMO is necessarily bad, in this case it seems useful. However it is used to allow for stronger pesticides, which then kill everything in the vacinity except the immune GMOs. That is of course very bad for the environment. Those plants will also spread, and they are of course difficult to get rid of.
Thank you for all your hard work! Always learn a lot with you. I'm sorry I'm not really able to donate right now, because there are some charities really struggling these days, but I wanted to leave you my thanks.
Here in india we have many different types of bananas which are regularly consumed, i dont know about the rest of the world, you all seem to eat the same kind of banana, let me know if you too have different types of bananas.
"Even monkeys peel bananas" omg I love Dave so much
Dave is such a good sport.
I hate this misconception that GMOs are automatically bad for humans, because unless they're made by an evil scientist they're designed to be either higher yield, nutritionally enriched, or disease/pest resistant (less pesticides, chemical fertilizers, etc on your food, and look up "golden rice"). It's really just a quicker form of selective breeding, which has produced almost all our modern food crops and livestock. There can of course be problems with them that should be carefully considered, but usually this has to do with their effect on the environment they're planted in (will they cause a drop in insect populations, affecting the food chain higher up? Will they spread beyond the fields and threaten wild species in the ecosystem?), and not on human health directly.
"Even monkeys peel bananas." 😂😂
That new resistant Cavendish strain sounds fantastic. I hope it'll be given to small-time farmers for free!
I'm surprised! I grew up eating baked bananas with melted chocolate, I think its absolutely delicious!  Fantastic with peanut butter as well. It works better if you wrap it in foil and heat it in the oven rather than microwave, or throw it on the bbq/fire.
Anyone who thinks GMOs are evil (instead of certain organizations, like Monsanto, the bastards) should know that the untampered-with archetypal banana was shaped like a big, flat potato, had inedible huge seeds instead of the almost invisible ones the cavendish has, and they weren't really that smooth and sweet. Farmers spent generations making those, along with potatoes, onions, and pretty much everything we eat. The food scientists of ancient times did what they could with their tools, and modern food scientists are doing what they can with theirs. I promise you won't grow tentacles if you eat cold-resistant garlic! IMO buying locally and in-season are where your efforts should go if you want to make a difference. Cheaper, too.
There is a fungus that is attacking coffee plants, but the reason it is flourishing is the global warming. I'm wondering....
Am not opposed to GMOs but am concerned with the companies selling them, especially in places like africa. GMOs are often patented and farmers often have to lisence seeds and their use in order to be able to grow and sell crop. In certain countries in africa GMO companies have been giving away GMO crops and then issuing cease and desist orders years later demanding they pay to lisence the use of their GMO products.   Ive even read about a patented strain of corn (i think) being grown in america where a neighbouring farmer was issued a cease and desist because his crop had been cross breeding with them.
this might sound super weird, but at my school, we had a substitute teacher for a few weeks, and he made us study bananas. I learn more about bananas that I ever needed to know.  but anyway a thing I learn is all bananas are modified, original, they had this big black seeds in them, there basically is gone now.
Is she wearing a holographic nail polish? It looks sooooo pretty!!!
But what about storing them in a zip lock bag IN the fridge?? 🤯
"Even monkeys peel bananas"  Dead.
The effort and research in this video is amazing. Great work Ann!
Your videos always calm me down and cheer me up - I'll say it's your personality (and your husband's)!
GMO is fine. most of what we eat is a result of GMOs. Be more worried about pesticides and synthetic flea powder for dogs/cats :)
As someone who has a bachelor in genetics i want to tell everyone that GMO's nowadays are safer than ever before. This is because now the genetic modification is controlled while the first gmos were more random. That didn't stop the people then from actually making edible food which tasted great and there is no reason for it to be different now. Most fruits and vegetables we currently eat are not how they first blossomed on this earth. But they are the result of farmers interbreeding different crops until they get something better and tastier. Interbreeding of plants is genetic modification. Also we can't leave out the fact that without GMO crops we can't have crops for everyone on our overpopulated planet and we won't be able to have crops that are resistant to climate change. And let's all remind ourselves how much of a privilege it is to be able to buy organic and "non-gmo" fruits and vegetables
“Eat it Dave, it’s GOOOOOOOOOD.”  😂🤣😂
I don't see any problem with infertile gmo food that can't survive naturally anywyas.  I love your debunking videos :)
Please go back to doing baking videos!
Around 24:50 can anyone else hear noise in the background? Maybe a cat meowing very faintly? I kept pausing, thinking it was my cat, but then could hear anything until the video went back on! Or am I going mad?
"Even monkeys peel banana".. that cracked me up!😂😂😂
This was so cool thanks
its 7:00 am right now XD
Omg don’t eat bananas peels from commercial groceries! The pesticides are deep in the skin and a simple wash or scrub might not be enough
just eat the banana dont waste it, its tasty too :/
there might be grammar and misspelled words 0:59 as you can see its photoshopped because look at the aloe's lighting and shade? its deffinetly photoshopped and a another clip it gaved me a trybophobia 🤢
you don't have a seperate banana fridge?? How strange.
love all these debunking videos even though they infuriate me as well. Also if I couldn't tell a fellow Aussie from the accent the detail about sun protection should be a dead giveaway. I love bananas and gardening and not getting melanoma. Why do these hack channels want to ruin my very reasonable aspirations of eating and growing things and not dying.
Was the Gros Michel seedless like the Cavendish?  I know that cavendish bananas are grown by vegetative propagation thanks to the seedlessness, which reduces genetic diversity. And I’m wondering if that’s why they’re so susceptible to Panama disease.  And if that’s the case, could the genes from the wild banana be introduced by crossbreeding the cavendish with the wild one so that there is genetic diversity and also fungus resistant bananas. I’m not against Genetic modification, mind you, but i am curious about the crossbreeding potential.
"cooked bananas aren't that good" So... Half of Brasil disagrees with you, Dave
So when I young my dad used to wrap the head of stem of banana with some lime paste and plastic wrap. But the thing is it was to promote ripening of banana not the other way around. Hope it helps❤️
Great video, but the audio is a little too soft.
I think genetically modifying food in crisis is good but doing it just bc I think is unnecessary
What does he mean that cooked banana isn't that good? Bbq banana is amazing! Slice it open, shove sultanas in it, wrap in foil and chuck in campfire embers, its delicious :3
I love these debunking videos Ann!
Audio-Leveling/Mastering failed. It's too silent. Had to push up to insane db-levels to get to have it in conversation-levels.  Stay crunchy.
When camping I cut the banana like you showed and add a copious amount of chocolate and put it in the coals. Soooooo good.
If there was gas coming from the stem end of the banana, why not put them near an open window with a fan blowing out? Which wouldn't work of course... 🤭
Cooked banana is good if it's cooked in carmel and served with ice cream!
'Even monkeys peel bananas' omg :)))
wait I thought the banana's we have today are genetically modified versions the original bananas that were wiped in the 1960's anyway?
I dare you to count how many times Ann said 'banana/bananas'.
With GMOs, there is a huge difference between the idea that’s the genetics are changed chemically and will harm our bodies. That’s not the case it’s a form of DNA splicing , like copying and pasting favourable qualities from one set of a species /type of food to another. There is the more scientific worry of loss of biodiversity as the new genetic traits of the GMO crop as pollen is spread easily. However in the case of these bananas that’s a good thing as it means we’ll get more fungus resistant bananas, which betters the community that there’s bananas a grown in as well as allowing us to keep the cavendish banana. Fun fact banana sweets are flavoured after the extinct type of banana and that’s why they don’t taste like actual bananas. I think we should just be mindful about GMOs and what the specific genetic change is for. If it is to fight against a fungus or bacteria then I think it’s perfectly fine to allow that plant to be in the open as the pollen exposure to other variations of the same plant species would be good. However other reasons we should consider further how they are grown so we don’t risk a loss of biodiversity
I'm waiting for 5 minute crafts rebuttal video that debunks this video!  The paper in a banana in a watermelon totally works!  >:@
GMO's are the future, IF handled ethically. Enhancing plants and foods is a great way to keep up with the booming populations and rising pollution around the world, but there are going to be companies (coughcoughMonsantocoughcough) that will use GMO to breed seedless plants, forcing people to buy new seeds every year, and placing the power of modifying food into the hands of companies whose only goal is more money, rather than more nutricious, disease resistant, diverse, and abundant food.
Again, I think this series should be called I’ll debunk that 😃👍-
Until you know what starving is. Truely know it. GMO can save their living and major food supply. Anti GMO can go jump.. Thank you this was very informative.
Dave: Do we trust her? Me: urmmmm not so sure
Will you make another gingerbreadhouse😃😃
I think people are scared of GMO because they don't fully understand it and it sounds a bit like some kind of Frankenstein experiment.
But most fruit and veg we eat is genetically modified to some extent. That's what we do. E.g. we breed roses.
where is Christine( from simply nailogical) and her boy friend ben??? I mean there is lot of BANANAS 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😅😅😅😂😂😂
Smh I could have just eaten those bananas 😑
I don't even like bananas but I'm still watching because it has so much interesting informations like the sunscreen. Thanks for this high research and effort you put in the video
We make banana milkshakes out of the ones that are becoming brown :)
"Some people though it was real... oh no." Is basically the summary of all 5-Minutes Craft
Dave, "Even monkeys peel bananas!" LOL
I'm so glad we can save the Cavendish! I don't have a problem with GMOs, there's no proven harm and our food has already been "artificially selected" before gene editing, nobody wants us to go back to what corn used to be lol
I think people are way too stubborn about gmo sometimes. Just because something’s all natural doesn’t mean it’s better...  I think there’s this rice that has been modified to have more vitamin a, and it could save millions of lives, but because of laws against gmo, it can’t be distributed...
I haven't read any research papers on GMO, but I'm pretty sure it's good.
Love this series!
Other youtubers: let's cook it and eat it  Ann: let's cook it and give it to Dave
I don't mind GMO and I don't care about "organic" food. It might just be because I'm a programmer, if we just look at plant DNA as just code, we can modify them how we see fit, since gene mutation happen in nature anyway, so that's basically the same thing.  However, I am opposed making a crop too hardy, since it might invade the local ecosystem and disrupt the food chain, so counter measures should be in place in case of this. This in fact, is exactly how we modify bacteria and virus for organic molecule production/gene therapy. This will eventually be the future and I think completely avoiding it is futile, but we should open to the idea and regulate this so we can take more advantage of it instead of shriveling in fear if we just avoid using it completely and something accidental suddenly happened.
GMO's are good for the human populace for the most part. The help with things like the banana crisis, but also a lot other issues as well. I had to debate about this in high school actually
Monkeys peel bananas so they can eat the peel. They prefer it.
I think the reason people don't like GMOs is that they don't understand it.
I love how genuine and well researched she always is.
So just to add up, as you are (rightfully) annoyed by them lying about the UV protection, it might be true that one sunburn doubles the chances of melanoma. But you should also mention the chance is essentially zero. If you double almost zero, you get still almost zero.  Also, let me thank you for your edicated aproach to GMOs. It is refreshing to hear something else than confused scared screeching :)
Anne is that one maths problem buying all those bananas
I love how Dave wondered what's wrong about the banana peel burger because he's just so accustomed to eating gross stuff. 😂
“Even monkeys peel banana” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
13:14  I had a classmate who used friction pen to take down notes. We once tried to photocopy them but all disappeared because of the heat from the machine 😂
I've seen a couple of comments about GMO saying talking about the chemicals in them. I just want to clarify that GMO doesn't use man-made chemicals, It Is perfectly safe to eat and has no more negative impact on the consumer or the environment then it's non-GMO counterparts. GMO is necessary for the future to provide the growing population with food security and is increasing jobs. GMO is a positive and is not dangerous or wrong.
I'd rather go back to gros Michelle, it has a superior flavour to the Cavendish. I find that there are quite a few other banana cultivars with tastes that are much better than any Cavendish I've ever eaten
14:47 haha
It amazing they can save the worlds fav banana's  Its funny to think, Kale, Broccoli, Cauliflower, Cabbage and Brussel sprouts were all Genetically Modified from one plant 🤣
my family really doesn't worry about our bananas going bad, when they turn black they become super rich and sweeter than before so instead of throwing them away we just freeze them and use them in banana bars (a banana dessert) or smoothies we always have frozen bananas on hand either frozen or fresh. truth be told me and my siblings will sometimes let the bananas go black and freeze them so our mom will make banana bars out of them! XD  so don't just throw away your blackened bananas, just freeze them! they're awesome to use in baking and other treats like smoothies, makes them super rich and sweet without using a lot of added sugar.
That wild banana genuinely shook me
Her poor husband. Guinea pig for these wack recipes.
They could not leave the bananas alone
Wow, I’m so impressed at how much research you put into this! Thank you so much 🥰
I've had chocolate banana before, only it had been wrapped in tinfoil and placed over a grill to cook instead of in the microwave
12 monkeys disliked how you treated their bananas...  :D
The place where I went to University had 4 varieties of Bananas in market, 3 of them were geographically limited to that area. Ironically I appreciated their taste only after I graduated.  That apart, GMs may have hidden costs. Like we've almost lost the varieties we had in Bananas a few decades ago. It's more to do with market demand rather than science. Another issue with GM crops is that we believe with GM, the non GMO species are gonna be wiped out. The restriction on Reuse of seeds by Monsanto also hasn't helped its cause, at least in India.
I eat bananas almost every single day of my life. Here is my only one life proved hack that actually works.  Separate the bananas from the batch, if one rot they all rot faster because they are connected, if you just rip them apart they will rot "individually".  Try for yourselves.
Would you ever do an episode on GMO and your opinion or pros/cons at length? Id be very interested if you did.
Every time Ann says "grow" I have Cermet and Jenna in my mind...
The one about the heated banana and chocolate is actually a delicious dessert we eat here in Sweden! Often we prepare it for when going outside and playing in the winter when we are gonna have a fire.  We grill sausages and stick bread and then after we put the pre-prepared bananas with chocolate inside, rolled in aluminimun foil, down in the hot coals and let it melt and cook the bananas which we then eat with spoons. Delicious, don't hate! :D  If we want it inside we use the oven the same way, I've never tried the microwave.
Next video: what to do with old bananas
Do you want to know how many morons exist on the planet? See the number of subscribers these content farms have.
The only times GMOs should be banned are the households of those allergic to them.
We should just start to grow our own bananas
I loved how much I learnt from this video!! Thank You so much!
Hello, a fan from Malaysia. I love watching your debunking videos and your effort in making it enjoyable and informative. I have a question. when you put the U.V beads outside in the sun, is the beads time-lapse? Or it changes colour that quickly? What is the beads? Keep up your vids, both me and my little sister love them.
I’m pro making sure people have food to eat, and recognizing our privileges before taking ethical stances against making food safe for consumption and feeding people.  So unless modifying food genetics is gonna hurt that in the long run or short term, I’m for it~
Important part of the plant in banana in water. That’s a monstera plant so finding the node for a root would also be required.
I love how you explain everything so simple and understandable
everything is GMO - livestock, pets, crops, even us (not negligible part of human DNA is from viruses acquired during evolution). GMO bacteria produce huge part of modern medicaments and food aditives (insuline, xanthan gum etc.). there is nothing bad on eating GMO (enviromental impact is another story - large monocultures of GMO interbreeding with wild population is questionable), people simply dont understand it. we do GMO for thousands of years (through breeding animals and crops), only now we can modify the organism with great precision. it could solve many problems, especially in developing countries suffering climate crisis.
As for the banana temperature, 13-15 degrees is very much feasable in some homes. At least Europe (and undoubtedly elsewhere, but I don't know for sure), homes tend to have a cellar that's halfway or entirely underground, and is quite a bit colder than the living room. Even during the summer. So maybe store bananas there if you can.
Ah yes, Dave eating food is the reason I came here
On  the topic of GMO: I think it is important to remember that all our cultivated plants are bred and since breeding is a form of genetically modifying organisms, all foods in stores are genetically modified. There never was a natural grown sweet large banana, only  one with lots of seeds and little flesh that had to be cooked before becoming edible.  GMOs are just a more effective mechanism of breeding and I don't see a problem with them in general.  They seem to have a lot of potential for fighting world hunger and solving environment problems (e.g. depending on how you use them they can decrease pesticide need)  It is also important to note that GMOs get tested over long periods of time before allowed on the market.  However the topic is pretty complicated and entails a lot of things to consider. I just wanted to point out some positive aspects for a thing that is often painted overly negative
Thank you Ann, love the content, always well researched and so entertaining to watch! Keep up the good work 🥰
GMOs are one of those topics where everyone can show off how little they understand about the genetical and chemical make up of the world around them. I'm a biochemist and manipulating genetic material is my bread and butter. We have to follow very strict guidelines to make sure everything we produce in the lab stays there. There are few things that are under such close examination as genetically modified organisms. And that is very good, as they could cause a lot of harm. But as others have already mentioned, we have been fastening evolution for as long as people have been around, basically. The only difference between picking a plant that seems to grow better than the others, and adding a gene that will make a plant grow better than the others is, that we actually know what we did, thus controlling it better. Monocultural agriculture is a massive problem. It lessens biodiversity to an alarming extend. I'm no ecologist, so I can't really make a statement on the matter, but people act like GMOs will eradicate biodiversity all on its own, completely ignoring the opportunities it offers. GMOs can be made to me more nutritional (e.g. golden rice), to withstand parasites, bacteria, viruses, and fungi, making the use of often poisonous herbicides and pesticides obsolete, thus helping to keep insect and critter populations healthy, which would actually strengthen biodiversity.  There is so much misinformation and fearmongering concerning GMOs going around, it's baffling me.
You’re such an amazing woman bringing attention to all these serious subjects
How’re they not sued for spreading wrong info
I'm here so earlyy this is my first time seeing a video this new
Hi there! I live in the Philippines and there are actually so many other types of edible bananas, though I'm not too sure which ones are resistant to that fungus. In our country the cavendish actually isn't our go-to banana since we have sweeter alternatives. The problem with those varieties though is that they have really short shelf lives so they're not good for export.
one of the few good things of being back to living in Brazil after 10 years in Canada was having access to different kinds of bananas other than Cavendish (we call it nanica); my favorite is the the pome banana (prata), which is less sweet, with a nice sourness to it.  I was sad to learn that this variety is also affected by the fungi =( hopefully the same method of preserving the Cavendish can be used for the pome.
is there a cat meowing in the background? 24:17
When the anti-GMO lobby can figure out how to save a billion people from starvation, as the late Norman Borlaug did through creating new strains of wheat and rice that produced extra yield, and was resistant to disease and drought, then I'll consider listening to them.  But until then, GMO is probably our best hope for preventing crop shortages and famine while the climate is changing.  Do you ever notice that there's no serious anti-GMO lobbies in developing nations? Easy to complain when you aren't starving, or worrying about your crops failing.
Omg the chocolate bananas are so nice, if you wrap them in tin foil and put them on the bbq or campfire for a few minutes though not the microwave
just use moss to get roots on your saplings
What I don't understand is this : People are anti GM but don't realise that the fruits they are eating have been modified over hundreds of years via inbreeding. So they don't want to eat something modified scientifically, but are happy to eat something inbred.
Aren't the majority of the fruits we eat already genetically modified anyway? I remember hearing about how commercial strawberries were genetically modified to be bigger and redder than their wild counterparts, and an unfortunate side effect were that they weren't as tasty
I don't have a problem with GM bananas. Bananas aren't really natural anyway, in a way. Besides, if the GM banana is safe to eat, it's fine. I also eat (or drink, really) a lot of soya, and that's also oftenly GM'ed, afaik, and I'm still alive.
So how much banana bread did you make after this video
Have you ever eaten a banana that has ripened on the plant?  I have once and it's so much more delicious and sweet, it's NOTHING like the ones you buy everywhere.
Good guy Dave. Love his reactions :D  Also I'm cool with GMO
Okay but the chocolate banana is a staple recipe we eat in switzerland, we wrap the banana in tinfoil and heat it up over the campfire 🥰 that is actually very easy and tastes good 😋
Considering how the banana we eat now, and the one that went extinct (which I've heard is actually what banana flavouring is based on) were selectively bred to be edible, I'm curious if the TR4 resistant banana could also be selectively bred in the same way.
that Dave eating banana pell part
Ben has entered the chat
It is so crazy that one person saw that avocado thing and thought it might work and that has turned into this!
poor dave had it alright in this one !  <3
Everything we eat today is modified. We just did it slower over generations to get what we want.:. Now we just have better tech to get it faster.. so long as tests are done to make sure there won’t be some kind of allergic reaction in ppl then go wild
The thing I'm worried about regarding genetically modified bananas is that, as you mentioned, many low-income people rely on bananas and are the one's lost hurt by this disease. I hope the genetically modified bananas can be made available for cheap so that they are an option for everyone, not only big corporations that can afford to pay.
i feel like westerners who turn up their noses at GMO foods but can then choose one of the dozens of reliable and similar-priced alternatives are in very different positions to someone living in a developing country where drought-resistant/high bounty/disease resistant crops literally saves thousands of lives and livelihoods. like, if you want to eat organic 'normal' bananas, you go glen coco, but don't try and stop progress that will immeasurably benefit others.  also, humans have been selectively breeding things like food and cattle for centuries, that's how we got bananas with no seeds in the first place lol
Me who lives in the country which produces the largest number of bananas in the world...
We've done the cooked banana one at camps. You cut the banana, add your choco-chips and we also add marshmallows, wrap in tinfoil and put it on the campfire.
I know a banana life hack... eat it while its still good so it doesnt go brown. Huh?
I don't eat bananas.. they are the dumbest fruit. Banana trees can't even reproduce by themselves ;D
genetically modified bananas is a great solution to panama disease i think, especially if it doesn’t affect the taste and nutritional value of the resulting fruit!
I love and appreciate your well-made, well-researched, legitimate content. Thank you! 😊
this was when i was at school :/
I'm from Greece and a big fan of youuuu✌🏽✌🏽✌🏽
(grew up in america in 50-60s) We had a thing, pre-everything-plastic, where we'd put fruit in a brown paper bag to help the fruit ripen. It supposedly kept the gases in, but allowed moister to escape. Even as I grew up, I would do this. I'd do it mainly for avocados, as they just take forever to ripen. But we only kept it in the bag for 3 days, max. It seemed to work. This was before you question everything, believing your granny knew what she was talking about ;)
Great job Ann! I enjoyed this video and I HATE BANANAS! Irony? I love banana bread. But fresh bananas UGH! I remember when I was in first grade; the teacher assistant told me I had to eat fresh bananas so I would get some pops cereal for snack. I ate it and nearly gagged.   The banana peel "pulled" pork looks weird. There's another alternative which is jackfruit. It's the most popular alternative. I haven't tried it yet.   I bet the room stunk when you did the experiment with the plants. And Dave must have an iron stomach or what?
*ooh, saucy baby*
I think GM crops are fine. I would only have an issue if we were genetically modifying animals, from a welfare perspective
These are my favourite videos to watch
The thing about GMO is that even tho we haven't directly done it in the past, we have still bred plants to get them to be what we wanted so the things you eat today are not more natural than if its a GMO plant, and another very good point, as said here, genetically modifying the plant helps to make it resistant if we made plants resistant to bugs, fungi or bad bacteria then we don't need to spray them with chemicals which is A LOT worse than a plant that has been modified IMO. And nature would also appreciate it if we stopped pouring tons of pesticides into it.
Let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try /o\. Oh poor Dave!
I put bananas in the fridge because I prefer to eat them cold lol.
honestly.  genetically  modified food is only bad when a company patents seeds.   but the idea of it just being bad is laughable.  humans have been using selective breading for so long?? we genetically modified ourselves, dogs.   the only difference is time imo.
Philippines cook banana so thats not weird...in Holland we cut a banana and put chocolate between it, wrap it in foil and throw it on the bbq...yummy!
I love how you said "Let's cook it up and give to Dave to try" with the biggest smile ahahah
"Oh no, a gene was implanted in this plant comprised of millions of other genes, oh no I can't eat it it's GMOOOOO" These troglodytes and their preconceived ideas honestly...
Holographic chocolate and BENana..Anna you sure you aren't watching too much of simply nailoglical 😂??
I need Ann Reardon videos to fall asleep every night at this point, not because her content is ever dull but because everything about her videos and voice and presentation are so warm & cozy & delightful it just soothes me. Please never stop doing YouTube Ann, you’re so talented and your channel is phenomenal 😭
Peculiar thing about GMO is that it's made mostly to help poor people {to help fight with pests, diseases, harsh conditions, bad soil), but the ones that are so negative about it are the wealthy who dont need it so much. So in turn they are not allowing this help to be effectively deivered due to commercial pressure of the whole "non-GMO" thing.
There are in fact many types of edible bananas other than cavendish! Especially in tropical countries like mine they're so widely available. However they don't look as pretty as cavendish, i guess that is why not a lot of people took a lot of interest on them.
Ann, the chocolate in the banana is really good wrapped in foil and cooked in hot coals. That was our number 1 snack while camping when I was a kid
I think the biggest thing holding GMOs back is a lack of research into the long long term health effects of consuming genetically modified crops (using the methods of gene insertion) since it’s still a relatively young technology. I’m for the use of GMO crops as they can have a great deal of benefits that can reduce the need for pesticides, fertiliser, high intensity watering etc. (we might even be able to create crops that can be used to fight the high levels of co2 in our atmosphere, slowing climate change). However even I experience brain itch with the possibility that something sinister could arise from widespread use of this technology that we won’t be aware of until 50 to 70 years down the track, when it’s too late.
I mean I like bananas so I wouldn’t mind if some natural resistant gene is added to the banana. It helps the farmers and we can still enjoy bananas in several years from now on.
the only problem with GMO is that the companies that make them own the genes and force farmers to buy new seed every year instead of being able to save seeds from previous crops. banana production has a huge history of human rights violations too.
I always put my bananas in the fridge to prevent ripening... Have for years 🤷🏻‍♀️
The Slip Slop Slap is strong :)
I don't think GMOs are terrible actually. In my country, many modifications are made plants like paddy and oil palm trees in order to make them resistant to diseases, quicker to grow and bear a large amount of fruits. If we don't do that, I guarantee many of us will perish due to hunger.
someone made a lot of banana bread once she was done filming lol
I predict a lot of banana bread and smoothies in the Reardon family’s immediate future!
That chocolate banana made in the microwave isn't nearly as good as the same thing made on a campfire 😋😋
love from KENYA,AFRICA
Honestly I never understood peoples aversion towards genetic modified food. The only thing that is changed is the plant and not the person consuming it. Genetic diversion happens all the time, doing it in the lab just fastens it along. Like every animal we eat and every crop we grow has been selected for - and selection is just a very slow form of genetic modification.
Another great video, Ann. As a plant scientist, I appreciated the bit about Panama disease. Love how you always make these videos so educational 😊
9:36 "Do we trust her? It's been a long year..." You know 2020 is a bad one when even our stalwart Dave is starting to show signs of stress.
Can we just talk about how Ann's manicures are always on point????  Love your channel Ann!
now i want banana
This was amazing, thank you.
GMO for the win 😂 . it just quickens the selection process. If we would naturally select bananas to be resistant to TR4 it will take decades! AND these edible strains are GMO'ed from the inedible wild strain, but using selection for the breeding. A lot of your wild version of fruit and veggies aren't edible but just because they don't have a gene spliced into them by a scientist, to make them more hardy, so that the farmer needs less insecticides etc, people are okay with it. The flavr savr tomato was designed to handle all the shipping, keep fresher for longer without chemicals. And the golden rice was designed to better the lives of people who's main diet is rice, as this diet led to eye problems due to a lack of Vitamin A, so a vitamin A fortified rice without fortifying it artificially
the amount of  work put into this is amazing.
Am i being haunted by Nord VPN ad today? XD . (Besides that, love the video :) )
For the banana sunscreen... maybe they should have just put the pieces of banana peel on their face. That might block the sun :D
Nice video. I’m paying €16,99 for not having commercial breaks on YouTube, yet I need to listen to VPN services from a sponsor... This is annoying.
GMO is a good thing so long as it is not used for monopoly purposes, carrots are GMO The original Carrot was inedible and tastes like kerosene, just about every variety of wheat in the world is GMO Canola is GMO, Tomato's are GMO, most of the food we eat is GMO
Wearing black clothing don't work if it's 40 C (104 F) in the summer, it'll make you worse because the black clothing absorbs the sun heat, and I think that pretty no one do this (except if you're metalhead, gothic or a rebel teenager, like I was and I did this, still don't know how I didn't died lol). So when I forgot my sunscreen  I just accept that I'll get tanned.  I also let my bananas in the refrigerator right after buying them, otherwise they'll spoil really faster because of the heat.
My sheep and goats would like any bananas you didn't use.  They'll take the peel too!
I live for these debunking videos! Best thing after a long day in the hospital!  The amount of research that must have gone into this video is incredible.  I had always wondered about the idea of keeping bananas and other fruit in separate bowls as the bananas ripen other fruit faster. Thanks for the lesson Anne! 🥰
i loved the blow-dryer and disappearing ink lol zombie bananas
very entertaining!
“So let’s cook it up and give it to Dave to try” I just lost it at that 🤣🤣🤣
I’ve seen grocery stores wrap the top of their bananas, hopefully it’s for packaging reasons and not because of internet life hacks
All modern crops are genetically modified... I don't know why people hate it they are literally making edible for our consumption and preventing a species of banana to go extinct... People if you're not a scientist and the only thing that is backing your theory up is some slezy link then don't say anything...
As long as I know, the better way to conserve bananas for a longer time is keeping them out of sun light. Cool video
I love how much effort by you put into your videos reminds me how youtibe used to be.  Alot of the foods we eat today are actually GMO there was never a orange carrot now that's all we eat
I think people get mixed up between GMO and the additives/preservatives that the produce goes through after picking.   That aside, I sort of wondered how people survived before these genetic modifications began in the first place. Im sure its connected to eating habits and agricultural practices. There was instability and constant change in the past, today we're used to having the same thing all year around with the same crops being grown over and over again with no diversity.  I guess you need to chose one or the other like a trade-off, but I wouldnt shame either side of this discussion.
I’m pro controlled GMO when it’s used like this to do good and help food supply shortages and to harden crops. I only don’t like it when it becomes Intellectual property driven and large corporations can put very harsh strains on individual farmers that are dependent on the corporations to supply seeds for crops. Overcharging and preventing them to continuing to propagate plats form cuttings and seed. But we sooooo need GMOs especially with climate change, making crops that can survive in a changing climate and assuring food supply especially for poor and low developed nation that will be hardest hit!
Your videos are so informational
Love the new debunking videos, super awesome to see real science, keep up the great
About gmo, I think many people should be more worried about the corporation than gmo itself, that’s the only reason gmo is illegal in California, because corporations sold genetically modified seeds but once a modified seed grew in the soil normal seeds can’t so farmers had to buy the seeds from the corporation which was obviously more expensive. So I think we shouldn’t be worried about gmo we should be more worried about the people who want to use it for profit
No bananas were harmed in the making of this video
People freak out about GMO because they don't understand what GMO is. It sounds scary but it's not.
It's crazy that some people won't eat GMO foods when the Cavendish itself is genetically modified. It is completely sterile because of it and they're basically cloning the plant because it can't reproduce when they want to plant more. The fearmongering absolutely blows my mind when there is absolutely no danger in GMO due to the control and testing it goes through to make it 100% safe.
Uhm....am I the only one growing up with putting pieces of chocolate in a banana and grilling/baking it as a normal thing? It's pretty popular here for desserts and camping and bonfires and summer <.>
Even monkeys peel bananas lmfao
My grandpa has some of those seeded wild bananas in his backyard! He never actively takes care of those, but still harvest the fruits when they're ripe. All I remember is it was annoying to eat. Like in every bite there are 3-5 seeds. But surprisingly, the last couple of harvests the seeds were decreasing 🤯 to only 3-5 seeds per fruit 🤯
Eat bananas while you can people a nanner-disease might take them all out soon
I’m okay with GMO  The technology has saved lives!
My father is the head researcher for American banana companies and suppliers in The whole continent of South America, he told me about this deadly disease, and I am happy someone covered it. He says it's very important to adopt these genetically created bananas, cuz otherwise, we will have a global banana shortage. (Sorry for my bad English) ( posting this comment again as the last one was bit too long)
Ah yes the queen is here I'm excited 👏👀
This Vid is bananas, B-A-N-A-NAS!
Anne I have to say you had me in the first with the hair dried nanner
With regards to bananas in composting, I've heard that putting banana skins in a sealed jar with water for a few days makes a good liquid feed if you don't have the space to compost (which I do not, haha)
I like how you smile when you said "let's cook it up and *give it to Dave* "
to all you genetically modified fruit haters, just know that nearly ALL fruit and vegetables that you eat are genetically modified
People winge about GM food A man found a stain of wheat that is Hardy mixed it with some other Hardy plants he then moved his family to Africa and places like that and he has saved over a billion people he got his nobel peace prize. Most people have never heard of the man Norman Ernest Borlaug
I love this series but there's an unfortunate side effect. It means they get more attention and traffic so in a way this enables them. I wish there was a way maybe suggest your viewers don't watch their videos after viewing this so to prevent attention? Because discouraging them means it helps those stupid videos die out. They've already proved to be dangerous from time to time. They don't deserve the clicks because more clicks means more money and exposure for them and less attention to the other genuine cooking channels. Maybe promoting the real cooks now and then would be good? So many deserve it and it means more people will try instead of giving up thanks to youtube algorithms and content farms.  I remember going to see a video after I didn't rven subscribe yet I kept getting recommendations. So I stopped and chose the "don't show me this" option (my own words but I hope you get me).   There's so many people out there that deserve a chance and it's time for us to push youtube to return to it's earlier goals of showing normal people's videos  rather than all this content farming crap. Any attention they get, even negative, they want.   Edit: You're really good, it's not a criticism at you. You'd still get attention anyway because of good content and I don't think promoting smaller channels would harm yours.  In any case keep up the good work.
chocolate banana is our go-to campfire dessert. everyone loves it, even if they don’t like bananas.
Dave looks really pale! Please tell me it's the lighting and not food poisoning from all the bad hacks!
I really learned a lot from this video. You research and experiment so that we get to learn something, that is just beautiful. I noticed that u actually tracked down the root of these false hacks, which is a lot of hard work. u also experimented with bananas which is even more hard work, u also researched about bananas and told us about the disease that's just so good. My father is the head researcher for American banana companies and suppliers in The whole continent of South America, he told me about this deadly disease, and I am happy someone covered it. He says it's very important to adopt these genetically created bananas, cuz otherwise, we will have a global banana shortage. (Sorry for my bad english)
I feel like ethically used GMO's might be the only way both humans and our remaining wild spaces will be able to survive.
Well, atleast the new banana crop has genetic variability thanks to seeds. If we can domesticate it a bit more and reduce the amount of seeds we can solve the problem of ALL of the crops being vulnerable to i he panama disease and possibly future diseases too.
I laughed when Ann used the VPN to look up banana hacks in Greece 😆 great sponsorship integration!
O poor Dave 😞 😕 😢
The blow dryer banana could have also been done by filming and playing it in reverse.
Let's cook it up and give it to Dave...
Banana peels good for fertilizer, I put them in the water for 2 days and watered the plants with it. First, I read on a site( not too trustworthy) but after a farmer suggested to me I use to buy veggies and fruits  I said let's give a try and it worked my basil was dying, basically, not growing and after I watered with is water they turned to be really nice. I don't know if it worked for others too or just me? After, still can composted.
thank you so much for including the banana chili ritual thing. it was keeping me up at night!
Wastes a ton of plastic to wrap all the tops of bananas, surely it’s not worth the extra garbage even if it worked.
Anyone who believes that every food they eat rn is "natural" you would be so surprised how much food is gmo , whether its by using a machine or just selectively and purposely forcing traits to be more prominent than others but "GMO IS NOT BAD FOR YOU!!!" and there are so many different foods that now have labels to make money then tell the truth just like these 5 min craft videos.
The banana chocolate microwave.. Could have been improved by baking/roasting/frying the banana(after peeling it) an top it of with chocolate sprinkle or grated chocolate and cheese..
I love her voice so much i didn't even skip the ad part
im impressed you managed to ignore that bird from 24:14 ann
*Watching* *your* *Debunking* *series* *is* *more* *addicting* *than* *Netflix*
We have natural bananas with seeds in our country and I love them. They taste better then store brought bananas if you ask me.
ahahaa, Dave tasting the mystery banana food was fantastic
Commenting for you to make it big
The banana "sunblock" ones look like they got even more sun than the original ones! Yikes!!
As a general rule, I'm more concerned about the safety of a product than its genes. The bananas we consume right now have a different genetic code than the original wild banana does, hence the lack of seeds (as you showed). So if modifying the gene once more has no health risk for us consumer and helps save jobs, I am personally in favour of the process.
There is a type of banana that you can boil. The result is, the banana will become more sweet and soft
I absolutely love when I find out you’ve uploaded! My favourite Aussie YouTuber!
The chocolate banana thing is popular around the bonfire here! Allthough we peel it and put it in foil before putting it on the fire 😊 it's really yummy, if a bit messy 😜😜😜
In 6th grade in my science textbook the example for irreversible chemical change was browning of a banana. They defied science 😂
I think GMO’s like this that change the plant to make it resistant are fine But the problem in general with gmo’s is that farmers rely on them (obviously because they’re “better” and easier to grow and get a big yield) but then when they get struck with disease we have to scramble like that scientist and hope to find the solution before it hurts the supply chain to much.  It’s a lot of economics mixed with biology. I don’t think the problem is in the health, a bunch of the foods we eat anyway are natural gmo’s (the eggplant looks nothing like it did naturally, it was bread to be more edible which changed its whole color and shape). Unless a GMO food is proven to be less nutritious and harmful it’s just like any other food
All bananas, even the Cavendish have large hard seeds if they are allowed to ripen on the tree. That's why even the people that grow bananas pick the ones they eat when they're still green. Then they either eat them green like a vegetable, similar to the way plantains are eaten, or ripen them up to eat them as fruit. The only time bananas are allowed to ripen on the tree is to get the seeds to grow more trees.
GMO's are fine, with current science and techniques we can rapidly create new species of fruit and vegetables, yet little do people realize this is something that humans have been doing for millennia through selective breeding. That gross wild banana just shows how far humanity has raised bananas into something we find palatable.
Yeah another debunking
Okay, new life goal: be rich enough to have enough space and money to have a dedicated fridge for bananas. Then I can paint bananas on it, and everyone will say "Matthew, you must really like bananas!" And I can open it and show that it is empty and switched off because I'm sick of bananas by that point. Also some of the GM objection I suspect comes from things like Monsanto using it for pesticide resistance so you can spray stuff everywhere. Unfortunately that's turned into "all GM is bad" instead of "I don't like the idea of using genetic engineering for that purpose". Because using genetic engineering to save the world's food supply is, let's be honest, something we're probably going to need to do because who genuinely thinks we're going to get a handle on climate change?
We use to make those chocolate banana's all the time on Girl Guide & Scout Camps! Yes you put chocolate inside a banana and then wrap in al foil and bury in warm coals for 20 minutes!
Interesting to see banana skins in the hacks - Nigella Lawson did a recipe for a banana skin curry the other week on her newest series!
Love making pancakes out of zombey bananas :)
The arguments against GMO tend to be based on misunderstanding and the assumption that 'natural' is better. The problem with that thought process is that the bananas we're eating now aren't natural, they've been selectively bred by humans in order to make them edible. The same is true with a lot of the food we eat. The nebulous term 'natural' and the prevailing assumption that it's better and that anything that isn't natural is bad is just people naturally (pun not intended) being afraid of something they don't understand. I think the more people are exposed to GMO the more accepted it'll become over time.
The research, the time, the effort! Every single video is so consistent and interesting. Thank you so much for your hard work, I look forward to watching another how to cook that video every week💓
I have no problem with GMOs except when they're used to enable the use of more pesticides that decimate local ecosystems & endanger workers health - but thats an issue with regulation not the process of genetic modification its self xx
I'm watching you from a banana producing region! Tenerife, Spain. I'm lucky that our bananas don't have to go through all that to be sold locally.
If you can afford to be anti-gmo then you most definitely aren't the target audience. Also, we've been doing this for millenia. Here's a fun example, corn: https://prairiecalifornian.com/why-corn/
I think you forgot the most important ingredient in all of those. Abracadabra...
That wild banana photo triggered my trypophobia. *shudders*
Never thought i'll learned more about banana in one video than the 5 minutes craft hack
I would like to be rich enough to have a banana fridge so that I can have a cold, green banana anytime I want
Enjoyable video and very interesting 😊 you do some impeccable research! Thanks for continued content and your creativity ❤️❤️ Big fan
I don't think it would work either but maybe a leaf with a root node could work. But in the original video the monstera cutting doesn't seem to have one so Ann recreated it the right way. She used a pothos plant which is close enough. The irony here is that they would do wonderfully in water alone lol
Here is how to prevent bananas from browning. Eat them.
🍌🍌🍌I found the pages that were no longer active captured in the Wayback Machine:  https://web.archive.org/web/20121224221349/http://kukr.lib.ku.ac.th/Fulltext_kukr/KU0296171c.pdf https://web.archive.org/web/20121202210520/http://www.curriculumsupport.education.nsw.gov.au/secondary/science/assets/aifst/Experiments/apple_browning.pdf  The first one is on bananas, but doesn't mention the tops, and the second link os about APPLES! 🍏🍎🍏
I lost it at: "Even monkeys peel bananas". 10:31
The reason the chili-pepper-in-banana-in-soil-in-watermelon hack didn't work is because you forgot to stick a kiwi on top of the banana, inject chocolate into the soil, and grate corn over the whole thing. Then it would have done exactly what it was supposed to do.
Suddenly I am craving bananas
look at those areas where they grow bananas.....cultivating bananas takes a lot space....and it takes space from wild life
The GMO issues is... meh. I joke a lot that I wish California had pushed through their GMO labeling, because they'd find out that half of the stuff in a supermarket was made with GMOs in some way or another. In modern day, gene splicing is a technology that is usable, if fairly new. But it's a better option than what we used to do to try and get new genetic variations, and we can more precisely control what we get. Here in America, and I believe the EU and Australia, we have government organizations that confirm the safety of our foods long before we eat them. If gene splicing was dangerous, you'd have found out when they tried it on corn and wheat before it hit the supermarket. Because most of that is GM for crop yield and resistance.
oh god the trypophobia from the wild banana
100 different deaths of banana 😂
GMOs are mostly bad when they're used to exploit the farmers Sometimes people that develop GM-plants modify them in a way so that the farmers cannot get any useable seeds from them, so the farmers have to keep buying seeds after every crop, but if the farmers DO end up getting a seed from the GM plant and it grows on their land the people that developed the plant could SUE the farmer since the GM plants are owned by the developers.  It's hella exploitative and messed up :|
The only way to keep fruits edible for a bit longer is to store them at the fridge. Low temperatures slow down movement of molecules therefore reactions take place at a much lower rate, ripening fruits a bit slower than if they were left in room temperature. They are gonna ripen and rot anyway though, thats inevitable.
So I work in grocery selling and I can tell you that stems are actually often wrapped when they come to the store.  I do not think it has anything to do with the ethylene gas, as that is actually purposfully used to ripen the green bananas to yellow while they are on the ship. In fact, they probably do it to prevent the ripping/cut area from where the banana is harvested from turning brown.
sure did learn a lot about bananas
I don't mind GMO as a concept and in cases like this, it's really cool! But, I do have concerns in regards to herbicide tolerant modified crops, but in that case I'm more concerned with the excessive use of pesticides used on crops and long term health effects, as well as the lack of bio diversity in large crops. Like with this banana, one disease could have wiped it out, and that's worrisome to me in regards to numerous crops worldwide.
Your channel has become so uninspired...
Thank you for doing this for all of us. Youtube needs to recognize that you are doing God's work and eliminate those awful channels.
my local marketplace wraps banana tops too
Im greek and I have been watching you for 4 years or so.... And I have made a lot of your recipes, loved the 200 year old fritter recipe my aunt loved em too! When I saw that you were in the europe map I was like "she would never..." AND YOU ACTUALLY CHOSE GREECE! I got so happy.... But the video with lady made me cringe so much, got second hand embarrassment! Please continue doing what you love! You are an inspiration to me and many people from around the world! Please smile and keep your family safe and happy! Your are truly my patisserie heroine! Πολλή αγάπη σε εσένα και στην οικογένεια σου! Σου εύχομαι ό,τι καλύτερο Άνν!^-^
Generally I'm not really fond of genetically modified foods for a number of reasons, but I heard about the banana problem a while ago and I'd say it's a reasonable use of genetic modification	and I would buy it. There's also a lot of genetic modification on crops to be more resistant against bugs and diseases so they don't have to use pesticides anymore which is also good. Then there's gmo that just wants to increase the income of a plant by enhancing their size or whatever which just feels wrong to me. If those plants go wild they could cause serious damage to the ecosystems by eliminating the wild variant. I think that's a serious problem to be considered. What would we do if the Panama disease mutates again, like it did before, and we don't have a wild banana to modify our bananas with it? That's a serious issue. So we really have to think about if we actually need to modify a plant or not. If we need to, like with the Cavendish banana, then I think it's acceptable. If it's not that urgent and just to make even more money with something, I don't think it's enough of a reason to allow genetic modification.  Fun fact: the artificial banana flavor we often taste in sweets was designed after the died out sort of banana, so it actually doesn't taste like the bananas we now eat at all!
WOW! This video is bananas! thanks for teaching and educating people.
Instead of modifying the Cavendish bananas, why not just start growing the bananas that are naturally resistant? When the bananas in the 50s were killed off they switched to Cavendish, why not just switch again?
I love Dave's description of banana peel
Ahhh... wild bananas.....trichophobia!!!
I just appreciate how much effort she puts in for doing a background check for each and every 'hack'. Thank you for your hard work :))
i think that chocolate in the banana is a banana boat which  was popular in the 19's and for campfires
Love that your content is well researched. Was super interesting to learn about the ripening process
I love how Dave says "saucy, baby" in a way that makes it very clear that he's never said "saucy, baby" in his life
I love bananas so I loved this video.  That imitation “pulled pork” (or whatever they were trying to imitate) made me laugh. There is no way that a banana peel could imitate the flavors of meat using those ingredients.  I love bananas (banana cream pie is my second all time favorite dessert) and I love pulled pork (especially using a vinegar based sauce like from eastern North Carolina USA) but they are two completely different flavor profiles.  Hope that variety of banana gains acceptance so we don’t lose this wonderful fruit to Panama Disease.
28 minutes of pure joy due to the burnt smell of roasted channels
Ann you are a treasure, thank you for your insight and for taking the time and effort to make these!
For me, the issue of GMOs is a matter of how and why they're modified and what side effects/unintended consequences there are. I'm not willing to say that all GMOs are bad, but not all are okay either. It's really a case by case issue.   When it comes to bananas, as long as there are no harmful health consequences to them being modified and it's a matter of having a GMO or no bananas at all... well, I'll take the GMO fruit.
Do we trust her lol
I actually think that GMOs might be the last grace for the world. Imagine sticking with old, boring generic science where unusual diseases, in this case a banana disease keeps to rise up
As long as it tastes good I couldn't care less whats in it or how it looks. I also will never understand why people don't like modified foods, after all when you cook and combine foods and that your technically not making it natural anymore. the double standards is pretty funny as well since they like natural stuff they basically disregard science and the fact we life in a cultured world full of the unnatural, after all if you were so against the unnatural they wouldn't be using technology or clothing for that matter. All in all if people don't want to eat it thats fine, its not gonna ruin my day how they want to live there lives.
Brown bananas are caused by fungi, not gas
All hail Ann, our food tech myth buster.
I really feel bad for Dave. He's being used as a lab rat. What has he done to deserve such a fate?  The process seems to go like this: "This seems disgusting. Better give it to Dave to test."
13:54 Incase anyone cares, this is Greek and she said "look at how the chocolate and banana melted"
"One really bad burn when you're a teen or child can double your chance of melanoma..." welp, I'm screwed
I'd have to say the Banana/Pepper/Watermelon/Dirt "Hack" without any explanation is my favorite. You need to do a few of these. Make a similar video...Take a Banana put lipstick and a wig on it. Put it in a Turkey and then bury it in the backyard and set Timer to April. No explanation needed.
That "chocolate banana in the microwave" one is actually pretty grounded in reality. I've never tried it in the microwave (and don't plan to), but when I was a kid we often made similar things in a campfire. You split a banana, put some chocolate into it (we usually used milk chocolate), sprinkle some cinnamon, and maybe even add a few mini-marshmallows if you want. Then wrap it up in foil and put it in the embers of the fire for a few minutes. Usually you'd eat it with some ice cream on the side. I think it's quite delicious.
She's A chef She Debunk Fake viral videos She has a recipe for good foods And she make youtube videos Perfect just perfect :3
I love your debunking videos!!
A wise person once told me, Bananas are only meant for eating
thank you. bananas are weird and sometimes it's tempting to think they are so magic the hacks will work. i trust only you in the hacks debunking
I know it's not for anyone, but in Denmark we grill bananas with the skin on. Afterwards we cut them open and put chocolate, a bit of rum/cognac and sometimes whipped cream in them, just like you did with the microwave banana. Then we eat it all straight out of the banana skin. 😊 For some reason I thought that was a pretty normal dessert, but I guess not. 😅
My mum uses blendered, fermented banana peel as a fertilizer for her plants. Its rich in potassium, good for growing plants.
Me: listening to what Ann is saying 18:00 : banana article Me: hahah that’s funny, it caught me off guard
13:45 we used to do that over a campfire while camping! It’s actually really delicious, although I wouldn’t recommend doing it in a microwave...
Fun fact, bananas aren't fruits, they're berries
her nails are holo, yo
I think the fact that something is gmo is less concerning Im itself than the fact that bananas have to travel far, come from countries where valuable rainforest have been cut down to make room for them and where people work who are totally underpaid and are being kept poor on purpose, mono cultures as a whole which are bad for the soil, etc. I generally don't buy a lot of exotic fruit, only occasionally. Everyone should eat more of what comes from their own region I think. Being able to buy bananas everyday to me should not be normal, it should be a luxury and something special.
We always put kinderriegel in a banana and put it in foil on the fire at youth camp  soooo delicios
Bananas are the cheapest fruit here. I’m not a fan of them.
Is this video really quiet for anyone else?
A lot of research and effort goes into these videos. Just want to say I appreciate and enjoy watching these debunking videos 👏🏻
I think since I know why the food is being modified, I’d eat it but if I don’t know why it’s being modified or how, I don’t prefer to eat it.
gmo is great for the sake of survival, preservation and discovery.  I mean change is the only thing that is constant. Going against the river current wont get you anywhere. GMO is great if done with good intentions and not capitalized.
Fun genetic banana fact: the gene structure of banana crops is basically the same, meaning there's very little genetic variation. That's why banana crops are devastated so quickly once disease strikes. Because they're all basically the "same", none of them can resist the disease. On the other hand, wild bananas have much more diverse genes, so one individual is very different from the other, and that's why they can survive the fungus cited above.
On GMOs I got this to say, when you eat a "natural" plant how many "mutant" genes do you think you ingest? It's MILLIONS, genes by nature mutate and change, we just don't see the difference because it takes several generations for those changes to become apparent. All GMO does is introduce those changes in a very controlled and goal oriented way. So instead of waiting several dozen generations for a mutation to occur naturally and then having to breed the seeds from those we can do it by injecting the mutations we need. It simply saves time, money and effort, and yes it also saves on energy and pollution because you can grow a successful modified crop in a shorter time and with fewer resources than having to wait and hope you get it.  And for all those worrying, altered DNA we EAT does NOT influence our own DNA because: 1: It gets digested and broken down into smaller chemicals 2: Even if it could get into your blood stream (at which point you'd have to worry more about sepsis) there is no method of injecting the altered DNA into your own genome
Once again, Dave is amazing eating some of the stuff that is made.
So at 6:15 the banana sunscreen, I want to point out that the banana coated beads actually look darker than the control.
I recommend the Myles Power channel for great and informed discussions about GMO foods.
Cooking banana peels is not weird at all here, in Indonesia 😁 You can make banana peels chips, rolled pancakes, jam and many more. Just make sure you get the right kind of banana. We use pisang kepok or saba banana and cavendish banana. Taste soooo good! 😋
A combination of GMO crops and regenerative agriculture could make the world such a better, more sustainable and food-rich place 😩🙌🏼
Poor bananas 😅
What, you don't have a separate fridge for your bananas?? I'm so disappointed! :-)  On a more serious note, my grandparents used to put unripe fruit, e.g. peaches, with ripe bananas, as they believed that would ripen the other fruit quicker. Having seen this video I very much doubt it would work, but still, would be interesting to give it a try.
We've been genetically modifying plants for almost as long as we've been farming, so I really don't see why people make such a huge fuss about it
Gene splicing is quite an interesting subject, especially when some people would never consider eating a GMO food, or GMO vaccine, but hope to GMO their bodies.
The one and only hack that works if you don't want your bananas to go off: Eat them while they're still edible. Watching all the way from Greece with love and having fun!
I think Bennnnn will love this episode. Hahaha @simplynailogical
The sunscreen one, I feel like the banana ones actually looked like it got more sun than the control.
That photo of the wild banana gave me the heeby jeebies.
Whats that bird in the backround??
Such a waste of bananas!
I don't have any problems with GMO. What made the cavendish apocalypse (?) Yeah we could call it like that is that genetically identical, they don't have generations and different gens that could survive, and I guess reproducing them until one is resistant is the long run for a present problem. The GMO path is the fastest and best option.  I'm sorry I'm my English is bad, it's not my first language
My fiancè and I use NordVPN and we love it :D We are able to watch so much more movies and tv shows.
I was not prepared for that picture of the wild bananas. Why did they creep me out so much!?
Im all for GMOs. I think they can be used for a lot of good to stabilize a lot of food sources for people. The problem is big corporations who get the ownership right of these products then sell them at absorbent prices. Starving people who aren’t well off.
I don't mind GMO.
I fricken love your videos...
Were the bananas made into banana bread or have they reached the point if no return?
Thanks for the fascinating video! About the GMO's, I definitely do not support it. When GMOs are weaponized against farmers so they have to buy new seeds every year, then that's a nope from me. In this case with the cavendish banana, then I am all for it. I do want to clarify though that there is a clear difference between hybrid and GMO. Hybrid is when I cross two plants, let's say two tomato plants, and I keep crossing them to get new seeds. GMOs is taking the DNA from one plant, animal, or whatever and putting it in another, so it's not natural or even close to hybrid. We've done hybridization for thousands of years, sometimes on purpose and sometimes by accident. GMO is not natural and cannot be done on accident. You are purposely taking dna from one and putting it into something else. So for the people who keep mixing the two, I hope this clarifies things.
Great educational banana video! :O
genetically modified? food is food.
Fun fact: You probably shouldn't cook bananas, but you could fry bananas!  Fried bananas actually taste good, it's basiclly just deep frying bananas without the skin. If you do try this, try to chop the banana into half vertically
YouTube should put unreliable info warnings on these channels, like they do for covid or conspiracy theories, or even certain crime cases. A lot of the stuff they show is potentially dangerous.
I really love these videos
Can monsterra stems grow plants via splintering like that?  It didnt seem like you used the same variety of plant as the one in the 'example'
OMG I love watching you explain and debunk all the hacks and also share important knowledge in a fun and educating way. You're like the teacher everyone wished they had in school.
Poor bananas
In regards to genetically modified plants. If the plant is not going to harm me in any way, i see no problem with it. In the end we all need to eat so its about survival.
Greece!!! horreyy! The 3rd video was someone who planted bananas in Greece XD
Well, Im probably gonna be one of the few ones that say I dont mind GMO being used on Plants, we've done it for years, eons even. Purpose? To make veggies more enjoyable, grow more fruit, grow more of the good stuff, change taste and what not. Now that we have an easier time using it with all the tech, it could really help certain strains from going extinct (key point: bananas) or make them even better. GMO really isnt anything bad, it just sounds bad and scary.
I make tons of smoothies and the hack I use to keep banana's fresher for longer is......peeling them and putting them into a baggie then into the freezer...dun dun duuuuuuunnnn! :P
If you are going to eat banana peel I suggest that you use organic bananas, they haven't been sprayed with chemicals. Banana peels are a bit porous and can absorb some of the chemicals, washing them only gets rid of the chemicals on the outside of the peel.
Everytime someone brings up being against GMOs, I think of this quote from Nobel Prize winner Norman Borlaug: "Some of the environmental lobbyists of the Western nations are the salt of the earth, but many of them are elitists. They've never experienced the physical sensation of hunger. They do their lobbying from comfortable office suites in Washington or Brussels. If they lived just one month amid the misery of the developing world, as I have for fifty years, they'd be crying out for tractors and fertilizer and irrigation canals and be outraged that fashionable elitists back home were trying to deny them these things."  Now, he was talking about people reacting to the use of technology in the developing world but honestly I think it applies to GMO as well. People don't realise how they take these things for granted and go up in arms against them, but if they actually had to live without them they would have other ideas. Think about how desperate the world is for a Covid vaccine right now, even though the "anti-vax" community has been on the rise for years. It will be the same with anti-GMO if banana crops are threatened.  Besides, bananas are already plenty modified from their "natural" form, they have been selectively bred. Google "wild banana" and you'll see something more resembling the original banana - tiny and full of seeds that you don't want to eat. Splicing two different types together to get disease resistance is not going to make you grow an extra arm or leg. Plus organisations like the FDA and other regulatory bodies are already super strict on safety testing. In California, there has been debate about whether they need to label coffee with a proposition 65 warning. Coffee. Which has already been drunk for generations in large quantities across the whole world with no noticable negative affects (unless you really overdo it, moderation in all things of course).By the time they make it to your local supermarker, anything genetically modified in your food is going to be pretty darn safe.
great choice in nailpolish for the shots in the sun
“Let’s cook it up and give it to Dave to try” lol 😬😂😬
GMOs are the best way to feed the world nutritious products. Have you heard anything about golden rice? It's super helpful. Genetic modification of food is something humans have been doing since the start of agriculture through selective breeding and later forced mutation  (such as radioactive farming producing the ruby grapefruit). Using scientific technology to control this process is safer than older practices. And the reason there is only one kind of edible banana is they're modified to not produce seeds. They have an additional set of chromosomes which prevents normal meiotic divisions. Anyone who eats bananas thinking they're non GMO is just uninformed.
GMOs are also known by another name, selective breeding. Brassica oleracea, for example, gives us at least nine different vegetables, including broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, brussel sprouts, etc. We've done it with animals too, otherwise we wouldn't have the different breeds of dogs or horses or cats, or practically all domestic animals. The only difference between GMOs and selective breeding is that we're getting more immediate results with genetic tampering rather than a slow progression through generations. Heck, if you really look at it, humans are also a product of it, as it's assumed that one reason why blond hair and blue eyes is common in Europe is because European ancestors saw the recessive genes as attractive and therefore tended to have kids that also carried the genes. It's really interesting to look at how different genes express themselves, and honestly, wild bananas are actually still edible, you just have to eat around the seeds. Otherwise our ancestors wouldn't have eaten them and bred them to have smaller seeds.
"2020 has been hard time so folks don't throw away good food." -Dave
Unfortunately even if these hacks worked it still wouldnt manage to make bananas worth eating
As a side note: Artificial banana flavour is actually the taste of the  banana of yore that was wiped out as you said.
Uhh saucy baby😂😂😂
She is literally a research queen.
I don't even like bananas, but i really liked this video!
Honestly we have been GMOing food for decades and still eat the end results. And it has benefits. My real concern for it  is when companies try to swindle farms out of profit and land due to it
My friend who knows chemistry well told me that putting cut apple in container with green avocado makes it ripe.
Learned something new again!! Thanks Ann! By the way, it's very interesting how misinformation about food can spread so easily on the internet. Just a few days ago I watched some of HBomberGuy's videos on soy, which I always thought decreased fertility in males, but apparently that's incorrect. Always worth fact checking.
Whenever my bananas ripen I just make banana bread
I'm Greek and I love your channel 💙🤍
This video ended on a fascinating note. I think the genetically modified version of cavendish bananas resistant to the panama fungus sounds like the best current option for dealing with that devastating issue. Another potential solution - an effective fungicide - doesn't yet exist
When you tell Dave that "this is not a bad one" before he tastes it, you are making him biased.
I like the red bananas there lighter in both flavour and weight, it has seed but they pop in your mouth and don't ruin the flavour
Am going mad or was there a bird/animal making noise in the background at one point?
Thanks for this video! I enjoyed it as always. Did Dave get a facelift or something? He looks younger...
"Let's cook it up and give to Dave to try!" 😂
Poor Dave! 'It's been a long year.'
I have no issue eating GMOs
You say Banana, I say banunnah
JUST PEEL THE BANANA AND EAT IT. BANANA LIVES MATTER.
I honestly see  no difference between gmo and the fact that people have been breeding fruits  and plants for ages in order to achieve desired results  such as more fruit less seeds  its literally no different
All fruits and vegetables have been through some form of GMO. Thus if they don't want to eat genetically modified foods, don't eat ANY fruit or veg. Heck, you can argue that NATURE itself can genetically modify things, so they shouldn't eat ANYTHING.   What I mean is, plants evolve just like animals. They go through a form of modification to adapt. So really. Everything is modified either through human hands or nature's hands.
I've just graduated with a botany degree and am all for GM. Especially if it's cisgenics where genes from the same group of plants is taken from one and Inserted into another. This is just sped up cross breeding and cuts years/decades of work out of creating a perfect cross breed such as the resistant Cavendish mentioned.
Technically, bananas don't come from trees. What you see is not a tree. It may look like a tree, but so do Palm Trees. But like Palm Trees, they aren't trees. I'm not sure what Banana Plants are related to. But Palm Trees are actually a type of grass. Also, did you know that bananas are berries?  Also, the thing about Panama Disease is that yes, it wiped out a species of banana, and could wipe out another. But did you know that the Cavendish Banana is a crossbreed between that now extinct banana and another species? So perhaps bananas won't be wiped out. But bananas as we know them today, perhaps. And with that species that's resistant, that could work, though that would be even more hybridization that could affect modern bananas. So even if those scientists are successful, it could still end up changing the banana as we know it.  And as for people who are against GMOs, I don't understand why they can't do research to see that it's not a bad thing. In fact, all plant-based foods in grocery stores are in some way GMOs. Do people have issues with scientists taking genes from one plant to putting them into another as opposed to crossbreeding them? Crossbreeding and selective breeding are two types of GMOs. Would they be opposed if farmers just cross-pollinated the two bananas and hope for the best rather than rely on scientists who can actually pinpoint the specific genes responsible for the desired effects?
They should change their channel to "5 minute Bullcaft"
I just love watching your videos😊😊
Great info as always from your videos. My husband likes a banana every morning sliced into his oatmeal and he also takes one for a snack to keep his energy up doing a full round of golf. He is 78 so he does need the extra energy boost.😉 I've tried all of the usual methods and despite your experiment what has worked best for us is keeping the bunch wrapped in the clear plastic bag from the grocery store, in a bowl on the counter. I also have another basket only a couple of feet away filled with onions. No where else to keep them. My theory is that the onions give off ethylene and cause our bananas to ripen quickly. Probably balderdash but the bananas do seem to stay yellow longer in the bag. What do they call that? Anecdotal evidence? Yes, but, if it works... 😉🙃
We always put banana with dark chocolate in tin foil in the bbq and eat it with ice cream. I love it :D
The bananas even without that new genetical change are already heavily changed by humans, like you mentioned if they wanted to eat something 100% natural then they would have to eat the natural banana which is not edible, and the same happened with corn, I think it's good that they are making them resistant to that disease
The chocolate in the banana is a great campfire recipe, I remember doing that as a kid!
13:54 how that ishack?
I wish I could like your videos more than once! Thanks for the edu-ma-cation ^_^
In my house, brown bananas = banana bread. Yum!
Personally, I think that preserving a food by genetically engineering them to be resistant to certain diseases, is not a bad thing. And if you look back into history we have been engineering our plants and animals, for a lot longer. Yes, those things were done with cross-breeding those animals and plants. But in the end it is engineering, because we are eliminating what we consider undesirable traits, or adding desirable traits. Take the carrot for example, they were not originally the bright orange color we know. Originally they were actually a beige/white. Wild corn, is not as big as the corn we are familiar with. As for animals, well we don't have to look far and merely watch our own pets. Life-stock itself is also engineered. And yes, most of it wasn't done in a lab, but in the end it is engineering. Human involvement in the process of development of species.  One also has to consider the impact humanity has on food production and consumption. We are by nature a ravenous beast and our numbers are growing only larger as time passes. We cannot afford to lose something like a banana, it would cause famine in certain areas.  My conclusion is that genetically engineering our food is only a step in our own evolution to keep our own species alive. But one should also keep the implications of it in mind and keep an eye on the ethical question, so we don't cross certain boundaries.
We have been genetically modifying food for centuries through farming. People only started getting upset because we started doing it in a lab, which doesn't appeal to the anti-science crowd that 5 minute crafts probably gets its audience.
I really hope those anti-GMO people don’t eat bread cause almost all wheat has been altered to be drought resistant in Aus hahaha
there are tastier bananas which are resistant to the disease, they are just not suitable for exportation.  Actually there are tastier versions of most fruits we get in the super markets. Damn I miss my mum's hometown
I love genetically modified foods. Science makes crops bigger, tastier, and healthier.
One of the weird thing about the GMO discussion is that our "normal" crop plants are not really any more natural than genetically modified ones. They've been selectively bred for thousands of years. "Natural" rice has basically nothing to do any more (genetically) with wild rice. Wheat is a hodgepodge genetic mix of about three different origin species. And "natural" bananas (such as the Cavendish banana) are genetically clones (that's why individual banana sorts are so vulnerable, while others aren't - they're not actually strains or sorts of plant like with other crops, but genetically identical clones). The reason why these bananas are reproduced by essentially cloning the plants? They've been bred so much that they don't really produce seeds any more, because we don't want seeds in our bananas. So you can't do it any other way. There is very little natural about the way these crops work any more.
Personally I’m pretty cool with GMO, I think as long as there are appropriate regulation around it, it will be all  good
Hi Ann, have you tried wrapping a banana in foil? I always see coworkers doing this
Kurzgezagt made an excellent video on the topic of GMOs and how we've been using them for an absolute eternety. Like insulin, which people don't seem to have a problem with, but scoff at the idea of modifying foods. They explained different ways that we've been helping crops, like apart from pesticides - engineering plants to be toxic, as in - insects that eat them - die. And the toxins are designed to be non-harmful to humans ( in the same way chocolate is not poison to us, but is deadly to dogs ). As they say - GMOs are an ally, not a threat in the fight to protect nature and minimize our impact on the environment. Worth a watch.
B A N A N
Your nail polish when you're outside is so pretty 😍.
Ugh I don't like bananas
Ahhh GMO is fine, just don't take away my bananas!
Okay so the one where you put chocolate inside the banana is a thing, we used to do it at camp, except you don’t microwave the banana. You make a small slit in the banana, put the chocolate in, then wrap it in foil, and toss in the fire class to the flame so it gets heated by the fire. You leave it until the chocolate gets melted and boom. It’s sooooo good
GMO all the way! If you eat something, the genes it contains doesn’t matter at all. The metabolome of the organism matters - what chemicals and compounds it contains. Nothing else.
Lol idk how many bananas you wasted . One day I tried the foil and banana hack and I got a cut the foil had a sharp edge and yea
I have a comment about the GMO. GMO are not always bad. It is like additives. Baking powder is a chemical additive but it is not bad. Changing the genetic code of a plant is a way to save a that plant from extinction and save businesses. Changing that one gene that makes the plant more resistant is like boosting the immunity system of the plant. And, it is still "natural" since the gene was taken from another plant. I don't mind eating genetically modified bananas if that means that I am contributing to a healthy crop.
GMO is not a new process.  It was called "Grafting" in ancient times.  https://www.jw.org/finder?srcid=jwlshare&wtlocale=E&prefer=lang&docid=1200001752
We actually used to make those chocolate bananas but we covered it in a aluminum foil and had it cooked near a campfire. It melts the chocolate. This is an easy way for camping.
I've never had a problem with my bananas going brown, mainly cause I like 'em a little grassy so I tend to eat them well before they get to that point.
Let's take a moments of silence for all the bananas that has been tortured in the process.
I LOVE her sarcasm😂😂😂
The weird explorer has a video on bananas. It will be worth your while watching his channel.   In the summer I use to  peel my bananas and wrap them in parchment a pop them in the freezer.  Theyre brilliant frozen.  Im keto so I no longer eat fruit.  I dont miss fruit at all.  Which should be odd because bananas were once my favourite. 😁
Thanks for sharing this banana information. My cousin's husband's family owns a banana plantation in Guyana, however her husband lives in the United States and has dementia. I will find out if they are aware of this. I do know that many of the family that were here in the United States suddenly left for Guyana. And yes this is the same cousin I purchased your apron for!
we’ve been crossbreeding and selecting traits and genes for our plants for centuries. GMO is usually nothing unnatural, I wish more people understood that
In the USA she posted it at 4:00am😂
All of our food is genetically modified in a "natural" way, and natural things are often really poisonous anyway...   The only negative thing about GMO is when they are abused by big companies like monsanto, like those grains that are modified to be immune to their planticide... but their genes are the thing that has been patented. So the seeds of the not GMO strain of grain of the neighboring camps can be sued by Monsanto for "stealing" their "product", because pollen got inside them and thus Monsanto's patented genes. Utterly insane.
'Did you know barbecue sauce is nearly ⅓ sugar?' *Wait what.*
I feel like GMO’s help reduce the pressure of the global food problem we have...so although controversial I’m fine with eating any GMO food really. I’ve always seen GMO’s bringing more good than harm to the world i.e. the reduction of world hunger
Dueing this/the quarantine, I wished our bananas browned more quickly, because I wanted banana bread.
I always wait until the bananas get brown so i can use them in muffins, cakes and milk shakes 😅 they are way better and sweeter
Superman: Man of Steel Dave: Stomach of Steel
Wait aren't most plants we eat today genetically modified? Or am I confusing this with something else?
That test with the UV beads busting the banana peel thing was amazing, and thank you for doing it.  What a beautiful example.
I really appreciate all the research you put into this video. <3
Thank you for the video, it was really interesting.   To answer your question at the end of the video: it's a problem with many other foods (vegetables, fruit or cereals). The source of the problem is rather the need of our current society for uniformity and over profitability. Producers (large or small) are pushed to practice monoculture. It follows that the genetic variety of the plants is reduced and they are therefore less resilient to disease, just like humans in case of inbreeding. Moreover, intensive cultivation weakens the soil in the long term, so it would be necessary to favour pluri-cultures (cultivating different species or families on one land) or to do permaculture.  This is my opinion on the subject as a florist who has made botanical studies.   As a franche native speaker I written  this text in French then translate it so I post the original version and hope I didn't make any translation mistake:  Merci pour la video c’était très intéressant.  pour repondre a ta questuion en fin de video: c’est un problème qui se retrouve avec  beaucoup d’autres alliments ( légumes, fruits ou céréales). La source du problème c’est plutôt le besoin de notre société actuel d’uniformité et de sur rentabilitée. Les productuer (petit ou grand ) sont pousser à pratiquer la monoculture. Il endecoule que la variéte genitique des plante est reduite et elles sont donc moins résistantes aux maladies tout comme les humains en cas de consanguinité. De plus la culture intesive affaiblis les sols sur le long terme, il faudrais favoriser les pluri-cultures (cultiver différente espèce ou famille sur une terre) ou de faire de la permaculture. C’est mon opinion sur le sujet en tant que fleuriste qui a fair des étude de botanique.
Virtually all plants grown by humans are GMOs. Wild corn, for instance, is basically just a grass, it doesn't have the bug juicy kernals we're used to. Humans have been genetically modifying plants, and animals, through selective breeding for literal millenia. Using science to advance the process is a natural next step. The issue comes in when companies patent these plants and weaponize their parents to destroy competition (see Monsanto roundup ready soybeans).
"Anti genetically modified"  This honestly irritates me. These are the people that still eat carrots, watermelon, corn, bananas... the list goes on. MOST of the food we eat is genetically modified whether via splicing or by selective breeding. Carrots for instance were neither orange or of an edible size prior to humans modifying them.
She does not disappointed. Thank you Anne. I see the effort that goes into your videos,  you've invested your time and money into every single video of yours , youre truly a great creator. We appreciate your efforts.
Hey Ann, this is no hate or anything of the sorts, but I find your videos are really quiet and I can't really hear it properly. It's not my device though. Just a bit of technical feedback, I know it's not easy to fix❤❤
12:10 "Wrapping tape around a banana" Is this a fine arts channel?
All food is genetically modified to some point. Sweet corn is GMO, popcorn is definitely GMO. Those things weren't naturally occurring in nature. Genetic modification isn't only just done in a lab, it's done in nature by grafting plants or planting seeds from the best of the crop.  GMOs aren't bad and have saved countless lives.
I live in the EU and I hate how religiously it is against GMO. GMO is the future and can be used for all sorts of things that are good for the environment, people and animals. It is like saying "But hammers could be used to kill people, too!"
hearing the magpies in the background 🥰💕💗
In the Netherlands I've seen bananas in the supermarket that were already wrapped at the stem.
To be honest, as long as it is safe for consumption, I do not care about if it's genetically modified in a lab or not and because every country has a food regulation there is no way it would be sold in shops before this is known.   If we are all honest here, the main reason why we don't like the idea of genetically modified food is because we don't trust it to be safe... which means it's simply the fear of the unknown.  In the past watermelons were mostly seeds and a little bit of edible watermelon. The rest was that white ...pith? Not sure if that is the correct name for it. Over time, with selective breeding, we shrunk the size/amount of seeds and increased the amount of edible watermelon, so it's more like what we know today where the pith(?) is a thin layer coating the inside of the skin. Lemons have almost doubled in size to few hundred years ago and I'm sure many other foods have changed due to selective breeding. But not many have a problem with this as we know what selective breeding is, whereas genetic modification sounds sciency/important/need a degree to do it rather than just a good knowledge of the plant and how it works so we're nervous.  If you break down what the Dr. did, and yes it will be massively simplified as I am NOT A DOCTOR!!!!!! All he did was find a type of banana, the wild one, that was resistant to the disease, and then used selective breeding to allow the banana we all eat to now be resistant as well. The only difference was that he did it in a lab to speed up the process and accuracy as, if memory serves me well, selective breeding doesn't always work as the new plant may not get the desired end result. Like if you wanted your kid to have blue eyes so you choose a partner who has them and the kid is born with brown instead. With selective breeding it can take a long time before the new plant gets what you wanted it to get from the old plant, as you can't simply communicate to tell it. Just like how you can't tell the embryo in the womb to take the blue eyes gene to be born with the desired blue eyes. However, genetic modification seems to speed up the process by taking the specific thing you wanted from the old plant, in this case the resistance to the disease, and putting it in the new plant.   After which, I have no doubts, the 'new' or modified plant would be rigorously tested to ensure safety for consumption before replacing the old food and no one would probably notice unless they were informed.  So no, I don't have a problem with safe for consumption food that has gone through selective breeding, whether it's in a lab or in a field. The only issues I have with food is when they are unsafe for consumption or when the main way they are grown/harvested ruins the planet.
For the first time I disagree with you about something, as I love putting chocolate in bananas and eating them! The bananas get sweet and if you leave it for a while it cools and it’s delicious!
Ok the banana sunscreen hack is actually frightening. How is 5minutecrafts not in prison?
Hello
Okay so my mom doesn't understand English but she really likes your videos and she's always waiting for the debunking ones ! Also, she's always saying *Poor Dave* has to try out everything everytime 😂
Ann, I revel in your debunking. May I suggest you name this segment „cooked up“?
Ironic that I'm watching a video about bananas when just yesterday I had a strong allergic reaction after eating one
You cant grow a plant from a leaf. Especially the monstria the video showed. You need some vine or stem with a node with the cells to grow roots. Glad you saved the aloe. Five minute crafts is just trash.  As for gmos, all crops are gmo. If you eat tomatos, or potatoes they are gmos. I dont endorse the gmos that are made to kill bees or stops the seeds from maturing. But every thing else is fine.
all food is GMO so its not really an issue.
As someone studying Plant Science at University, Panama disease is a huge topic for us and using gmo's seems to be a good solution. Using traditional breeding methods (e.g. selection), we generally change about 1.500.000.000 gene base pairs in order to create new resistances for certain diseases. While for example, editing the genome with CRISPR is much, much more precise and we only have to change 30 gene base pairs for the same effect.   So while people think GMO's are doing very unnatural things to our crops, it is actually just speeding up what we already did before, and it is genetically changing a lot less in our crops then what we were changing before.
Finally, some positive news about GMOs! They are not inherently bad, the technology has just been misused by some companies. GMOs can be such amazing solutions for a whole array of problems.
people who give so much love to non-gmo and organic growing need to take a look at where their goods come from. everyone loves having grocery stores and new clothes, but where does that all come from? farms. growing things organically is a lot harder than people think. because as pests evolve to resist concentrated chemicals, they dont devolve to not wanting the raw plant. yes, pesticides and herbicides create a lot of environmental problems, but this is how a lot of people make their living. that said, if people want more organic goods, they need to like gmos. by genetically modifying plants, it makes them resistant to bacteria, have a higher yield, and sometimes grow faster. all of that together keeps farms going and consumers happy. so unless you want to start growing your own food the way you want it grown, shut up. be thankful for being able to have fresh produce and new garments year-round. for as much hate as farmers and farm workers get, people their love food security.
The leaf in the 5 min craft vid was obviously plastic to everyone else right?
I dont get why people are disliking Her debunking videos, all she did was give facts
I used to love buying buckets of unripe avocados, and when I wanted one for the next day I would leave it by a bunch of bananas just in the fruit bowl - I swear it worked!  Anyone else done this?
Does Dave even trust the food handed to him anymore 😂
Ελλαδαραα
GMO foods could easily solve the food shortages in 3rd world countries but richer countries full of people who have easy access to food don’t need them so people distrust it. And even with the internet at our fingertips at all times, misinformation is rampant. I was once told that GMO food is the reason people are dying. Not dying from certain diseases, just dying. Even though average life expectancies are increasing....
Holo chocolate and banana hacks? You are coming for simply’s game.
6:35 Can we report that video for being dangerous
Nice video again but the volume is too quiet
Awesome video! A beacon of reason on YT, the way you demonstrate critical thinking in these videos is so valuable it should be required viewing for everyone before they are allowed on the internet at all! In terms of GMO, I think it's very silly to dismiss it out of hand. If we can genetically modify crops so that we can grow more of them in a smaller space, use fewer or less destructive pesticides, or yeah prevent the complete destruction of a staple food It is certainly worth investigating! I am not too worried about health when it comes to GMO - my only major concern is these super-species escaping into the wild and becoming unstoppable invasive species damaging our already fragile ecosystem.
Well to bad in my house if there is banana on the table it will gone for just 1-2 day because everyone in my house including me is monkey 😂😂
Never cease to disappoint Ann!
I wish when I was small I knew that these hacks were fake
GMO foods have massive potential and I support them in general... BUT A lot of GMO food crops are protected by various patents/trademarks that make the farmers who grow those crops 100% dependent on large agricultural companies who provide the seeds every year and can make whatever demands they want about "their" product. I definitely don't support any type of food being controlled by a single company in that way, farmers should be able to control their own crops.
GMOs are perfectly safe. People are scared of “chemicals” in their food, even though everything is made of chemicals, and people are scared of GMO even though all food contains genes. GMOs can do anything from keeping your apples from browning once cut, to saving the banana, or even preventing children from going blind by making a rice that produces more vitamin A. Not to mention each new product is rigorously tested and held up to probably a higher safety standard than most other foods.
24.04 is giving my the baulk.(making me feel sick)  I dont buy bananas, cause I hate when they go brown.  All because I used to feed my brother over ripe banana when he was weaning. Yuck. The smell yuck. Plus I don't like food waste so bananas is a no go for me. But very interesting video.
this time-lapse with the dying plants made me *very* emotional
I wish i am as passionate about my paper as ann passionate about bananas 😩
I very much appreciate GMOs. My family owns a large rice farm and there were devastating periods where storms would just totally ruin crops. Thanks to genetic modifying, we now have a specific type of rice that we use during rainy and stormy seasons that doesnt get ruined when there are storms.
On the 'sunscreen hack', it's not even only about not protecting your skin. Do you know how bad putting random stuff on your skin can be?
I love these videos so much, my mum always wants to try these hacks and gets so disappointed when they dont work, Im so glad you’re working to take down the misinformation!
What is that squeeking at 25min in?
Poor Dave; I actually laughed out loud when Ann said let's cook it up and feed it to Dave 😂 always taking one for the team!
...people... Throw ripping banans? People. Make banana bread or something! Makes it sweeter
I was so excited that you picked Greece!!! (my country) Also, I was quite happy that I could understand what the woman in the video with the banana and the chocolate, said😂😂
I love your hair colour!! Did you change it?
The best thing you can do for getting fresh bananas is to just eat them within a few days of buying them 👍
I really appreciate the effort and scientific research going into the videos, I always learn something new and interesting and well  researched. So huge thanks to Anne. I heard about Panama disease before and know it is a huge problem. But I am not so sure about the 25% of the diet is bananas statement. Yes, I believe the number, but I heard before that the people locally do not eat the cavendish, but rather locally grown varieties. I understood the local people do not like the cavendish that much, and also they see how much pesticide is used. Or they eat cooking bananas, which are different types anyway. Not sure if they are also counted into the 25%. So are the other local types also affected by the Panama disease? I always assumed not, but maybe I am mistaken. Does anyone has any further information on this?
Thank you for making these debunking videos! They're fun to watch and definitely help with stopping disinformation
Love your work. I just came here from (pointlessly) posting a science based rant under a Bright Side spam about 'toxic cookware.' Came here to cleanse my palette.  Genetic manipulation: Anyone automatically opposed to the use of CRISPR should probably realize that is where your vaccine for the plague will come from. Genetic tools and the surge in our understanding of genetic, immune, and metabolic systems are truly the next quantum leap in human technology. We have failed to address the impact of climate change in any meaningful way even though the science has been understood for several generations. We have shown a lack of the (resolve? maturity? intellect?) to deal with it meaningfully going forward. Adapting our food systems and perhaps developing carbon recapture biological systems may be possible through genetic manipulation and just might forestall global starvation and conflict.  Anyone who is morally offended by GM should simply skip GM foods and GM developed vaccines. We need the extra room anyway.  Was that too mean spirited? Sorry. I'm really in a mood. Too many people denying reality and claiming secret "better" knowledge these days. Science isn't about what feels good, what you believe, of "good old common sense." Science is about what you can measure, explain, and demonstrate.
idk why but i find it kinda satisfying everytime ann says "chop the top of the" 😂😂
Dave seeing the chile in the banana inside of a watermelon skin with dirt: Please tell me I don't have to eat it!
My dermatologist told me the biggest issue with skincare is we don't see our skin as an organ! It's our biggest organ. Imagine casually burning your liver or brain because you were too lazy to put a simple cream on 😂
YouTube randomly unsubscribed me from your channel, didn't see this in my subscription box or notifications, turns out I was randomly unsubscribed!
Yay for GMO bananas helping with people-s livelihood and my daily deliciousness. I wonder if there's any domestication project for the wild bananas going on. We could use some variety in the banana world.
13:43 I actually learned this one in school, but as a campfire recipe, not in a microwave. Never got around to try it, but can't imagine banana and chocolate ever tasting bad together
There were so many bananas in this video, I thought BEEEEEEEYN (from simplynailogical) was gonna appear
I actually do the cooked banana with chocolate a fair bit - I get allergic reactions to raw banana, but heat destroys the enzymes I cannot eat - and it's one of the ways I can get the purest banana taste while also heating it. However!! One shouldn't do it inside the bananaskin. That smells bad and the taste of the cooked peel leaks into the banana and that's not good. Peel the banana and put it on a plate with a little chocolate spread on it (using chunks of chocolate has a tendency to just burn them on the outside before they're melted on the inside since you can't stir them), and then pop that in the mikrowave for about a minute or until the banan starts to show signs of bubbles on the surface. That's pretty delicious. Especially if you add a dollop of icecream and have it as a treat. However, in most cases I would prefer a raw banana if I could have it, and I certainly wouldn't cook it the way the hack suggested.
25:26 not me, I'm Maldivian and eat locally sourced bananas (they are the only ones sold locally anyway)
"if you forget sun cream just rub a banana skin on your face!" or........ buy sun cream? from a shop?
The poor aloe plant It looked so sad in the time lapse Damn you 5 minute crafts ;-;
Please do a video debunking diet fads! You do such amazing research, and I would like to know scientifically what happens on certain diets. I know you did gluten free and I loved that video. I share it with others trying to lose weight.
*OooO definitely learning something*
I wonder if the monstera leaf would have grown if you cut it at a node instead of just the leaf stem! Most plants can't propagate from just a stem cut alone
BEYYYYYNNNN would love this! #simplynailogical 🍌
27:54 warning! might trigger trypophobia
To oppose GMOs is to oppose the advancement of humanity. We've been mucking with the composition and genes of foods and animals for a very, very long time, the human race would not be where it is today without it. We're just better at it now, as technology and understanding advances, but unfortunately GMOs are just another victim of the wave of anti-intellectualism we're seeing in many places (especially the USA.) People fear what they don't understand, and they actively refuse to understand a lot of things these days.
hey, the savory banana peel can be very tasty! it's super common among the vegans here in Brasil. just so you know dear, one time I can cook that for you. hehe
I just put my bananas in the freezer once they get too brown for my tastes. They make good and slightly healthier ice cream. I honestly like the ice cream better so I just let them go bad
Where is her husband
recipe for a banana bread would be great
Basically all plants are gmo. You don't need a lab to cross breed plants, the lab just makes it more specific. There's nothing inherently wrong with GMOs, but make sure you know what has been modified.
Am I the only one who watches 5 minute crafts when I can't sleep? I mean their videos are quite boring since they are filled with "hacks" I have already seen, so it makes me sleepy
Btw guys banana ketchup made from banana peels is a thing here in the Philippines.
I really want to watch debunking horror numbers that shouldn't be called at 3😂
VOLUME UP PLEASE!!!!!!!
Youtube might need to close down 5-minute crafts...and also blossom for a reason
I am anaphylaxis to Bananas. miracle cure for everything - its a good way for getting rid of me.
Bananas going brown? Make banana bread!
Gros Michel bananas are meant to be nicer than Cavendish - if we're using GMO to save them, why not bring back a GMO Gros Michel?!  The centuries of selective breeding we've done have genetically modified almost everything we eat.  Just doing it faster in a lab, to fix a specific problem, is no different. As far as I can see, the problem doesn't lie with the genetic modification - but the business around them, putting exclusive patents on crops, making sure they can't be propagated, and if I remember correctly, it's common for GMO crops to be high yield but need a lot of pesticide treatment, which is obviously a problem.  I try to buy organic because it seems to be better for the land, more than being worried about it being better for me! I always thought the point of hanging bananas was to keep them out of the fruit bowl, because the ethylene would over-ripen the other fruit.  Not particularly for the bananas' benefit at all!
GMO is fine. Cauliflower, Broccoli and MANY other plants we eat are GMO. GMO is not like its pesticides. It doesn’t poison you. You break it down perfectly fine and digestive it perfectly fine. BUT the problem with GMO is that the seeds are patented by the company that produces it. So those people who RELY on growing those bananas will have to pay a HUGE price for those seeds just to maintain their livelihood. Not to mention they cannot save seeds and if they are found to do so will be sued, have their crop taken and be given jail time. Interesting to see how these new GMO bananas will be priced because once a banana tree dies another shoot grows. You get, almost, infinite bananas and there will be no need to buy more seeds, to an extent.  They will be horrendously over priced...
Almost all our basic foods are GMO'd, from wheat to apples, grapes to carrots. GMO has been happening for so many years to help grow stronger and tastier crops. It doesn't cause harm to us, the only big issue with it is less resilient or flavour full strains die out giving less varieties.
jesus christ just one bad sunburn as a kid doubles your chance of melanoma? god i really badly sunburnt every damn summer as a kid... i'm doomed
A little while ago my girlfriend actually got some bananas that hadn't been ripened properly. She had them for about a month and they were still as green as the day she got them. She was considering putting them next to an apple to ripen (would've been a fun experiment looking back on it, but I took her at her word at the time - I don't know if an apple releases enough gas to trigger the ripening process) but in the end she just threw them out because, well, they were month-old bananas and she's pretty paranoid about old food.
Is that cloudy banana infused water yeast? I am curioused
GMOs for the win! I'd eat them! Use the knowledge we have about DNA for good, esp for all those communities who need the plantations to live. As a biomedical scientist (PhD) I know there is nothing to fear from crops like this. Let's put all our knowledge and years of research to good use!
Monkeys like bananas too, anyways you should've debunked the putting the banana into a box of green tomatoes; turning them red overnight.  I know bananas and tomatoes are climacteric fruits but they can't produce enough ethylene to ripen tomatoes.
Genetic modification is a tool and it's up to humans to decide how to use it. But you can't deny that humans have been genetically modifying food for over 2000 years by selectively breeding different plants and animals to enhance their desired traits.
4:41 Me who has a family history of skin cancer, a lot of bad sunburns as a child and teen, many freckles and moles, and blue eyes: wow.... interesting
So disappointed that bananas aren’t actually halucinagenic, that would have been so much more fun to watch. Dave fending off a dragon with a couple of rotten bananas after eating a banana skin burger would have been amazing 😉
Omg that wild banana with the large seeds just triggered me!
When you are outside on a really hot day, (after putting on suncream) wouldn't you wanna put white long sleeved thin clothes on?? Instead of black???
We always have cooked bananas and chocolate on the BBQ!
Yay another debunking vid!!😍😍 Keep it up Ann❤
This is true love and trust in the flesh!
24 dislikes are from those video creators that got debunked hahaha x)
Well that was the most depressing time lapse I’ve ever seen
I really appreciate and love your content. Im so thankful what you do your work is important. Every hard second of work you put into this is worth it! Lots of love from germany❤️
the banana stuffed with chocolate is actually really popular in norway, as a treat when skiing or walking! you just stuff a banana with chocolate, wrap it in tinfoil and throw it a the fire for a few minutes
I dont understand people who are so angry at GMOs.
The Important Things Is        *NEVER TRUST VIRAL HACKS*
6:21 You actually want lighter colors. White reflects heat, Black absorbs. So while it doesn't have an effect on the UV, it will make you a lot hotter. Same reason planes and cruise ships are (mostly) coloured white
I didn't think today would be the day I learnt how erasable pens work but here we are
GMO - Yes yes yes! We already genetically modify crops through selection - we have the technology to speed the process up and doing so will provide food for millions, perhaps billions of people.  Also, just wanted to say I'm from the UK and currently working from home. Fridays are great because I get to watch a new How To Cook That video around the time I start work.  Thank you Ann Reardon!
Good vegetarian food
Ur Debunking videos are my favourite 😍 I’m happy that u showed us what happened with the chilli and banana... I was thinking it was probably click bait for the last video 😅
We actually use a kind of the zombie banana chocolate hack. We backe them in the oven until they are really dark, peel them and put some chocolate over it. We really like ist as a good way to use old banana, that we otherwise don't want to eat anymore.
Honestly, my main issue with GMO vegetables is the potential for conglomerates to claim legal rights to growing it so you can't create your own supply at home.
Ann is the only reason im alive in 2020
you dont have a specific banana fridge?!?!
GMO is like natural, both are labels for food that doesn't mean what people who care about these labels think they mean. GMO just means you can't get this without human intervention. Even the grain used for flour is a GMO, but it was done in a field before registration for such was required. Both labels in the current form are useless for what people depending on them use them for.
The information about Panama disease was very interesting, I hadn't heard of this before!  Thanks for another great video.
I do not really understand the thing with being Anti-GMO. Some countries buy and sell GMO food that has been worsened. But, we just wont appreciate the actual good GMO food.  we need to keep our hearts open, its 2020
As someone who has actually studied Biotechnology, my stand is GMOs are completely safe. I think it's mostly mainstream media that makes people think that GMOs are not safe by using unproven "claims" and there are also those fictional works that are just made for entertainment.
Banana will be thinking ooh iam very polpular i dont know that these much video of mine😂
Another interesting and informative video
Hi, succulent enthusiast here! I'm not sure that's an aloe. From what I can see, it looks a lot more like a gasteraloe to me, or maybe an alworthia or just plain haworthia. That doesn't really change the experiment though. I was totally expecting root rot as soon as I saw the "hack."  If you actually want babies like this to grow, then 1. leave pups with the mother plant until they are at least 1/3 the size of the mother plant and have their own roots, or 2. suspend them in a cup with the baby root system hanging OVER, but not IN water. Keep in mind that haworthias go dormant in summer and their roots may die back if you keep on watering them, so leave those alone.
Beyyyn! Ur new favorite vid
Do you have kittens?
I actually do the chocolate banana thing. I also add peanut butter and I just peel off the skin beforehand. I like it.
Me looking at the banana peel shreds recipe: that looks absolutely disgusting who would want to eat that Me at 8:28: oh right, Dave.
I feel like this kind of problem is why GMO technology was developed. I approve. And I think that GMOs are generally not that different from when farmers bred certain plants for hardiness. It's just a faster and more controlled way of doing it. As long as no zombie bananas rise up and try to kill me, I think it's generally a benefit to mankind.
Sure your not eating meat but your bound to get diabetes
Your channel should be called "How to Debunk That". I love the debunking series btw
I'll come here again one day when I'll get any BANANA PROJECT in school in future
now Ann is an actual COOL mom!
Any orchid grower here having ptsd when she mentioned Fusarium? XD
I'm not a fan of bananas (after what happened, a spider popped out from the banana skin) but this is really interesting.
I've had chocolate banana but not microwaved. I wrapped it in foil and cooked it on a bonfire. It was so good.
Lovely channel with respect for the scientific method. Been a fan for years, love these recent debunking videos.
Comment for the algorithm bump. I would like this video 5 times if I could!
So you didn't serve Dave up the time-lapsed bananas? 😂
This video is debunking a Sci-fi video.
Very informative video. I never waste bananas. I live in the carribean so sometimes a neighbor woukd give us some from their garden. These bananas has a thinner skin but much sweeter than imported bananas.  If I notice they're over ripening before I can use them, I peel them, slice them , put them in  zip loc bag and freeze them to make shakes.
I feel like, the people who are against genetic modification are the same people who are against "chemicals" and prefer "natural" stuff. Genetic modification, if done ethically, is the future. Already gmo is widespread and people consume products that are modified without even thinking about it. Just look at some of the most consumed products in the world, they're literally tailored to suit our tastes. There's a joke about the whole "when life gives you lemons", because lemons are a man-made hybrid fruit that didn't exist until roughly 3000 years ago. I don't think there's anything unethical about gmo, and the industry around it has a lot of layers to ensure nothing untoward comes out of it, but it goes against the very widespread "natural" group of people, who think their conscience is clear if they don't consume specific products
I always feel sorry for Dave, O pooor Dave
I really appreciate that Anne does these videos so then we don't waste time on hacks that don't work. And we appreciate Dave too!
Wow 30 minutes of anna reardon my dream has become true
Ooooh! that zombie banana hack, (with erasable ink) reminds me of my friend. She got all her notebooks wet walking home in the rain, so put them on low in the oven... and of course, she'd been using erasable ink in all of them all year. goodbye, 1000+ Mandarin characters from her Chinese accelerate class....
Is it just me, or does the banana skin make the UV beads look even darker than the regular control UV beads?
Mrs. Reardon,  please share your best banana bread recipe!
Love u nd your videos anne❤❤❤❤ but also feel pity for dave😂😂😂😂😂😂
The fusarium problem at the time was caused by the use of monocultures — economically viable solutions that yield more fruity easily but hinder the plant's ability to adapt. We never learned from our mistakes, of course, so Cavendish are grown using monocultures as well. Looking at those bare facts, one could reason that a reckoning was approaching. Perhaps we will finally be freed of this inferior banana cultivar once we switch to more interesting wild bananas.
Ann deserves her own tv show!!
💛💛
Love the fact that you debunk videos while teaching us valuable information most never knew. Very entertaining while being very informal. Thank you!!
WOW HUGE FAN OF YOUR DEBUNKING SERIES!!!!!!, Hope the banana disease ends soon,
Could you do a clever or never video please... Havnt done those for a long time
Gene splicing is a really cool subject, and I don't mind if my food is genetically spliced. A few of our foods have some sort of gene splicing, but almost all of them are selectively bred, which is another interesting topic, but not really part of the argument. Lab grown food probably will become a thing in the future, and it will pretty much be genetically identical to naturally grown food
You can hear "banana" 127 times during this video.  Yes, I really counted.
What's with the over exposure on your husband?
I love how Ann actually cares and does research for us on like how crafts channels got the idea, and she read the study and everything and explained it to us. Thanks Ann!! 💗
Chocolatebananas are GREAT, but don't microwave them. Wrap them in tinfoil and put it in the embers of the BBQ until the chocolate melts.  Or, well, "great", it's kinda super-sweet, but kids generally like it.
Please see this channel called hunger plans this is an indian YouTube's channel PLEASE check it out once
13:43 this one reminds me of a outdoors snack we'd do when I was with the scouts as a kid, pretty much exact same thing as in the video but also wrapped in tinfoil and you put it close to the campfire, it was good. Not sure if heating it naturally vs heating in microwave makes a difference for the taste of the banana but I can agree with Dave that warm banana isn't necessarily the most exciting thing, you mostly want the chocolate.
i remember in back middle school discussing ethylene gas at some point, they were asking something along the lines of "should stores use ethylene gas to ripen fruit?" and a lot of kids were pretty against it. for their sake i hope they don't eat bananas, lol. (note: i'm not sure if the lesson ever mentioned that it already was used to ripen fruit, which is pretty dumb and i forgot what the point of the lesson was. so technically i learned more here than i did in school. 🤠)
There are so many different types of banana. If we broaden out horizons then it would put so much less pressure on banana growers to have to stick to one type. I would love to see more everyday options for bananas
Ann your videos are amazing and you put in so much time and research explained simply for kids to understand. Your hard work makes these videos like 3 or 4 videos from other YouTubers. Since it seems this one took you around a month since you had to wait on all those bananas and hunt down all those articles, even though Halloween just finished, maybe next Halloween you could do a ' The Dangers of Black Foods ' segment? I keep telling people how black Halloween food often is blackened with charcoal and will make their medications less effective or even useless. It is also a popular ingredient in ' cleanse juice ' that just cleanses your medications. There are a lot of different kinds of banana and they all taste a bit different. However, the Gross and Cavendesh are the most shippable because of their thick skins and firm flesh. They also look prettiest on a shelf and are a good size. Other bananas are the size of a lower arm or a thumb and many smaller ones have very thin skins so they don't look pretty or ship well.
I love your videos! This banana video was so fun! I didn't realise that putting them in the fridge will make them last longer 🤔 I remember that when I was a child, we found a very old camping backpack my father had used last maybe 10-20 years ago. Inside there was a mandarin that was pitch black a bit like the bananas from the fridge. 😆 We were quite horrified. Quite relieving that the professor found a way to preserve the Cavendish, although genetical modification is a bit questionable. But in a way it is also what happens in the nature all the time. I think it's not good for those countries with big banana productions to rely on one fruit. Hopefully in future they could have more diverse produce.
As soon as I saw the banana peel cooking vid I thought oh boy Dave is not going to like this.  Glad it was not disgusting this time.
In our country, we wrap unripe bananas in plastic so that they can get ripened  faster.
The seedy banana scared the living daylights out of me! 😂😭
Interesting banana fact in Sweden it is almost impossible to find none eco bananas because years ago a documentary about all those pesticides in bananas aried and nobody buys unecological bannanas. Sorry if I misspelled
The chocolate in banana is a BBQ classic actually! Never had them microwaved though
Ann is such an intelligent individual. i hope to be as well spoken as her some day
The roots from the aloe plant in the 5min crafts video looks like water roots from water propagation. Water propagation helps succulents gain roots quickly and are usually super thin like what you see in the video. What I think happened is they used the same succulent, used the water propagation method then put it back in the banana.
I usually buy organic bananas just because for some reason they seem to ripen much slower than "normal" bananas.
Previous video : Holographic Chocolate  This video : Banana Hack   Cristine where you at!? Go get Beynnnnnnn
Who cares about gmo, I want a video on all the different types of bananas! In particular can you cook and eat those big seeds? Or can you only eat the skins in bbq source? Also, the skins on bananas are pretty rubbery can you use them, or whatever makes them rubbery, to make a decent replacement for gluten?
Honestly the leave wouldn’t even grow roots any other way because you need at least one nodium for it to grow roots 🤦‍♀️
What a great video Anne, I love that lately you put even more educational information into this videos. I just recently learned more about bananas thanks to a TedEd video that talked about the bananas that stopped being produced decades ago. I'm conflicted with GMO's, on one hand they are useful to solve problems like this banana fungus, but there's tons if studies talking about the bad side effects GMO's have on the diversity of species. I need to read more on the subject to form a better more informed opinion, but right now I'm mor against it that in favor.
Knowing how bad climate change is etc. I will eat anything. Modified or not. As long as I'm not starving. I'M FINE.
I was thinking that the zombie banana video was just playing in reverse
Ugh I hate fake videos like the ones you showed as they are unfair to the public.  People believe them and try them out, only to be disappointed. They should be ashamed of themselves.
As a scientist I am completely pro-GMOs. I don't work in the food industry at all but I have enough understanding about how it works to see that the fact that something is GMO doesn't make it dangerous in any way. If you look at the banana example, in old times what you would do would be to try to crossbreed the two banana species to get a resistant variety that also tasted good. The difference is that with current technology we can simply introduce the resistance gene and save 50 years of plant crossings.
The big reason a disease like that can wipe out the entire population of bananas is that all the bananas we eat are 'clones' - that is to say cavendish bananas are fully sterile and new trees can only be made by methods like replanting root cuttings from an existing tree or via modern tissue culture. The reason for this is that they have an odd number of copies of their genome (specifically they have three copies, making them triploid), meaning that when they go to make seeds with meiosis, the resultant seed cells get one good copy of the genome and one partial mangled copy, and cannot survive. The plants are perfectly fine and healthy otherwise, their fruit just isn't chock full of hard seeds, and they can't reproduce without our help. The clonal reproduction unfortunately means that every individual plant has exactly the same genetic weaknesses, and can be wiped out by all the same things :(
Ann goes so hard when it comes to research. What a legend.
My mother keeps the bananas wrapped in a cotton cloth inside the fridge.. and that way I don't know how even the skin doesn't go too brown and the inside stays fine as well but she never keeps them for more than 7days I guess..in India the bananas become super brown in just 3days if left outside so I think 7days is an improvement ☺️  but I don't claim that to work for everyone as I don't know any scientific explanation.
the banana 'toots' like  spring onion roots
Love you and Dave❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
I think that people are blowing the GMO issue out of proportion. All it does is accelerate the process that happens naturally via breeding. Instead of breeding plants together until you find the one with the exact properties you want, you can genetically modify them and save a huge amount of time.  I’ve worked in the vegetable seeds business and it can very well take 5+ years until you get the desirable gene combination.
I come from a family of old style farmers, and let me tell you, the whole "OGM is bad" thing is stupid: we've been doing that kind of thing literally since the beginning of the farming era of humans, most of what we eat is already a hybrid of some kind - Cavendish Banana trees don't have seed anymore and as such are CLONED trees basically, and wouldn't survive as a species withou us. We've done that to both plants and animals, both for eating, company or aesthetics. As long as there are controls so that we don't end up eating things that are toxic in large quantities, I don't see the problem.
I think I saw an article where they talked about a "super freezer" somewhere North (Spitsbergen), where they freeze in all kinds of seeds of plants in case something happens. It is like a huge safe filled with seeds.  In case of something happening, the seeds are there to replant and reproduce plants and crops. Most plants and crops are in some way genetically modified so they will grow faster, better production and also being able to be digest in the body. Which causes for low biodiversity, as almost all plants, crops and grains we eat are similar. If, like the bananas, a fungus grows and kills the banana plant, it will/can kill all banana plants in the entire world, due to low biodiversity. Those seeds stored are all different and have big biodiversity. Crossing certain seeds and plants makes them more diverse and can save the banana plantation, like the professor is doing.  If we talk about GMO, it doesn't necessary mean bad. It can be modified to make it more digestible, have better properties and characteristics. For example native starches aren't always good thickeners, by modifying them they become better thickeners and have a better use than unmodified starch. (If I remember correctly from my lectures).
Ο μαλακας με την μπανανα και την σοκολατα ηταν ελληνας. ΠΟΛΙΤΙΣΜΟΣ  😂😂😂 κατι μου λεει πως ηταν ο ΑΛΕΞΑΝΔΡΟΣ. Translate it from Greek to English 😂😂😂😂
1:58 That’s just filmed backwards bruh
greetings from Greece <3 love your content
The debunking queen is back yall✨
GMO food is in my opinion problematic because of the patents that come with it. You are not allowed to grow more plants without paying a lot of money to the companies that manipulated that gene. On one side it is reasonable they want their money, but on the other it gives them way too much power.
Ρεζίλι μας έκανε στην γυναίκα η άλλη καλύτερα να βλέπαμε τις μπανανιές του Γρηγόρη 🍌🍌🍌
The cavendish banana is already a modified, I bet if you tell people that, they won't care because we as a society have been eating for a while. But tell them it's a new modification and there's resistance. People are weird
Hi, is it true that if we keep banana in the fridge, the banana will release toxic and the banana actually cannot be eaten? I got to know about this from my parents. I think this info had been passed down from their parents or something. Just want to know if it's true or not because we have not been keeping banana in fridge like forever and we basically have to finish it within 2days of purchase.
I loved those color changing beads as a kid :"D pretended I had magic rainbow powers. And geez, they turn colors so fast in Australia. Here in the PNW it took like 15 minutes every time 😆
The idea of wrapping the tops of the bananas may also come from the stage you see bananas in the supermarket. Here at least oftentimes the tops of bananas are indeed wrapped in plastic when still in their boxes. So either the supermarkets believe in that hack OR people promoting that hack have the image of perfectly looking bananas from the store with covered tops saved somewhere in their mind and probably getting influenced by that
Wrapping banana stems was always a given in my family from Brazil. Because of that, even knowing it doesn't work, I still do it. Usually with the bag they come in.
When I was a kid, if we ever had a BBQ at my grandparents house we would stuff a banana with broken up Flake chocolate bar, wrap the whole thing in foil and pop it in the embers from the BBQ (it was an old wood burning BBQ) as it was going out. We loved them. I totally recommend this “hack”
My freezer is full of brown bananas because I don't want to throw them away. Also let's me make banana bread later 😂
Ann: Starts showing a “recipe” with banana peel. Me: Poor Dave....
This is how things work in my household: I buy a few bananas, my daughter eats them in one day. I buy more the next time, she decides not to have any, they all turn brown, I have to use them up somehow. I stop buying bananas, my daughter complains and the cycle begins again.
Meow
I love this channel. The information on bananas was really interesting and engaging.
Soo I'm guessing the people who won't eat the genetically modified bananas don't eat any vegetables.... Or meat
The banana with the chocolate shoved inside... My mum (who passed away 2 and a half weeks ago) used to open up a banana, put chocolate chips inside (didn't squish them in though), wrapped it in foil and baked it for a few minutes until the chocolate started melting. It was actually really quite nice... but now she can never make it for me again :( although this video made me want to try to do it myself. And I might do just that.
Can they put the gene to resist the panama disease into the old strain of bananas that was wiped out in the 1950s/1960s? (hoping there are some seeds saved!) I heard that type of banana was even tastier.
Norman borlaug saved billions of lives before his death with genetically modifying plants. Hes the greatest human to have ever lived
There's so much new information which I have learnt from your channel. Thank you Ann for bringing such great content.
10:49 "nordvpn.comBACKSLASHhowtocookthat" The Shulk main is showing
5:48 it's me or the banana test is even worst than the control ?
Wow this video made me laugh seeing all the fake vids . I love your channel a lot keep up the good content . When I make a cake your channel is what I come to for recipes. :)
This will sound weird,  but I heard many years ago that banana flavored candy is flavored like those bananas that aren't available anymore. If true,  it may explain why banana flavored candy doesn't even remotely taste like bananas available today. Apparently,  no one has thought to update the receipe for those taffies! Interesting thought. 🤷🏻‍♀️
I remember in my A-level Geography class we were discussing GMOs and the controversy around it. Our geography teacher is your kind of pro-environmentalist type guy and we expected him to oppose GMOs too. He showed us a Greenpeace video protesting GMOs, but surprisingly he was all for it. He felt that there weren’t really any arguments or studies which actually properly show GMO foods as dangerous to human health, at least for things like this. It’s especially important in a world where the population is just going to keep growing, food security gets worse and we have to keep finding ways to feed everyone, especially in those poorer countries where they don’t have as much as we do in the western world, and it’s not without precedent to find scientific solutions seeing as way back in the early 20th century, when scientists like Fritz Haber found a way to increase fertiliser production and essentially prevented a huge famine. As long as we do our due diligence, be cautious but also trust in the facts as this channel has always sought to do, we have a lot of potential for good.  Just food for thought, as it were. Always a joy to see these videos.
GMO has been fear-mongered so hard that too many people believe genetically modifying food is bad
We use bananas to ripen tomatoes because of the ethylene gas production since we have tree-ripen bananas in the markets in Trinidad. So interesting ripening it with apples. But putting it in the fridge is probably the best idea
Poor Dave, he is so brave tasting all that bizarre recipes
I absolutely love that you actually learn things, and not just about baking, on this channel. It’s amazing. Love it and you 🖤  Also.. Have you tried doing a baking “challenge” from Zambos Just Deserts or possibly trying to do a project that your viewers  (maybe it would be good for patreon?) pick from a list? 🖤
I would love to hear you debunk the fear of eating GMO. Or at least nuancing it a bit! If GMO can lead to plantations of any vegetables needing less pesticides and being more sustainable, I think that trumps the scare of gene modification!
im okay with genetically modified bananas rather than not having them at all
Ann : because I don’t want it to taste too bad for Dave  Also Ann: **serves him an exploded mug cake**
From my understanding some banana peels from certain variants can be eaten raw while others would require some cooking tho cooked banana peels is something I have never seen nor heard of till this day. Cooking the flower on the other hand is common.
lol people are afraid of GMOs but most of our plants and animals are modified because humans always genetically  modify everything from plants to dogs so this fear of GMOs most people have is irrational  and this is causing us to be less efficient with our plants because if we modify them they can take less water and have a bigger yield
I love you so much and enjoy all you debunking videos!
normally I am not a fan of GMO but this is a tip of GOM that is necessary especially for the places where it would whip out there food source.
If you ever come to Indonesia or Malaysia, try to look for "Pisang Ambon" banana on the local market. It's the famous Gros Michael variety. It's still here.
13:43 My mother does something similar but wraps the banana in foil and puts it in the oven.
She looks a lot like Tina Fey
So the hack is to put them in the fridge . Wow what a discovery  LIFE HACKED !!
Tentacles Even monkeys peel bananas. Haha thank you Ann and Dave !
Biohazard alert for all the banana is a better soil hack 😅
here in my house we wait for bananas to get a little zombie to eat them because they get sweeter and softer
I love watching ur video cuz is like science u always explain stuff like an scientist and that make me to learn more cool stuff about science
Why's the video sooooo quiet? I could barely hear anything.
this was so informative thank you
When I tell you... I lit up when I saw you posted another video! I hope you had a good day and thanks for the great video!
24:30 You dont have a separate banana fridge? Ahh stone age people 😂
The problem with having just one variety of banana, is that genetic modification is just a temporary solution. When a new fungus or disease pops up the whole crop will again be at risk. In my most humble opinion the best solution would be to breed different varieties, so the risk is spread. The disadvantage is that different breeds will require different ways of growing and processing. Bananas are relatively cheap because at the moment they are all the same and can thus all be processed in the same way. We need to weigh what is more important: cheap bananas with the risk of them going extinct, or more expensive bananas with less risk of them all being wiped out at once.
Do you have a sauce for your sunburned cancer fact?
As a person who is critical of GMO: I think most people who are afraid of GMOs don't know much about them so they prefer avoiding them at all costs, which is a decent strategy, however I know a little bit about the history and how they work, and in general GMOs are not harmful. However, corporations use GMOs to exploit farmers and even crops themselves. There is no ethics involved in the intentions and actions of companies like Monsanto who wish to only milk as much profit as possible out of their creations, frequently ruining the lives of farmers intentionally.  I don't believe humble attempts at fighting food scarcity are evil.  I believe corporations like Monsanto creating crops that can only be used with their own pesticide and suing farmers because their Monsanto brand DNA was found in their fields due to the natural germination process is absolute irrefutable evil.
I don't need sleep, i need banana hacks
They really need to take down 5 min craft video
oh that chocolate-banana thing is a swedish dessert! But we do them on the barbeque. We also have bigger pieces of chocolate. Throw them on a bbq after youve doon all your meat and such. (wrap the bananas in tin foil and put them directly on the coal) and then you have dessert when you are done eating.
I live for these videos
GMO foods are alright as long as we didn’t get any disease, the only downside is GMO plants cannot reproduce/breed, so a lot of costs are used to produce GMO food.. correct me if i’m wrong 🙏🏼
The Cavendish is already GMO. It's a banana with only clones, there's no genetic diversity at all which is one of the reasons the disease is able to do so much damage. It was made to combat and survive the last banana plague.
Not only does banana peel not work as a sunblocker, the scent of banana is the same chemicals that bees use to signal that someone has been stung, so you're basically writing "sting me!" on your face.
Any Jarvis Johnson gold viewers?
Love that Dave is always the taste tester😂
Who else is early? 😃
"Even monkeys peel bananas" I love Dave
GMO's isn't naturally bad. Pretty much all vegetables and fruits we eat are genetically modified through cross breeding and I have no problem with that. Now what Monsanto is doing is bad, making their crops resistant to their pesticides that kill everything but their crops. I won't eat any of that.
I love ann
The thing where u put  chilli in the bannana, I saw it in Ur last vid but was disappointed it didn't show up, but here it is!!!
I noticed that local bananas bought outside the capital city of my country always tastes better. It's sweeter, with a more crisp taste. I wonder if that has something to do with forced ripening.
The banana and chocolate one is pretty common when camping in sweden. You put chocolate in a banana, wrap it in aluminum foil and out it on the camp fire for a few minutes.
Who wnts to slow down the ripening process anyway? Banana are there to be eaten.
#savedave
I was really unprepared for that pic of the wild banana, a small part of my being feels permanently different now lol
I love ann so much she is kinda like my YouTube mom ❤️
*I think one more test to compare would be good. Bananas in a sealed bag without an apple.* 🍌🍎🍏
Mmm fake bananas
yeah if you cook a banana peel without obliterating it with barbecue sauce it tastes like a green bean to me.
Bananas we eat were  selectively bred not to have seeds, which to me is just a longer process for generically modifying. As long as adding the genes to fight the fungus don’t make bananas poisonous, then I’ll be eating my vegan banana skin pulled pork
I think in this case GMO is fine, I don't see any downsides to this particular usage especially since it can help with food security and income for low income families. Also it looks to me like the aloe vera was actually put into water while they claimed they'd left it in a banana, those are water roots. They're thin and grow faster than earth roots.
GMO is the reason we have enough food on the planet for everyone, I don't get the hate
Piss poor attempt at trying to use the banana's potassium as a natural fertilizer. 1. A single banana has far too much potassium in it that it'll cause an overdose to the plant and the plant's nitrogen intake will be negatively affected, so the sun will only burn/starve the plant as the photosynthesis that turns the sun's rays into its food cannot happen.  2. Soil is required as it's not hydroponic growing and thus requires a compilation of different nutrients to keep the plant healthy and a stable living environment.
I love doing those chocolate-Bananas on the grill. It's a perfect little desert after a Barbecue :)
In Norway its very common for people to take a banana, with chocolate inside wrapped around tin foil on the campfire. When people are walking in the nature. On the mountains and other places.
natural selection and genetically modified organisms are not that different, our ancestors already used to choose the most resistant animals and the most resistant plants, and what made them resistant were the genes they had. Of course, favoring one gene over another can be interesting, but all the same it is necessary to preserve the other species for a possible future need.
Hi Ann love you
Me:hhmm she deserves 1mil subs ..... She have 3mil Me:well she she deserves moreee
I keep my bananas in my nice cold fridge. That way, they stay green for a really, really long time until I take them out and a couple days after; then they ripen as usual. I think the longest I've had bananas in the fridge is for 2 weeks without change.
Does anyone know the name of that suncream brand? 😊
It's videos like yours that put my faith back in YouTube. I may have to support your Patreon so you don't go away.
Why do it, why waste your time making videos when these 5 min time wasters are just just wasting time and valuable resources...... thanks again Ann for saving us!
i would rather have a banana that is maybe a bit different than let them go extinct
Most mass produced food products have some kind of unnatural element to it anyway, right? Whether its a preservative or colorant or whatever. I don't mind GMO's as long as they're safe to consume. At this point I'm not really sure if the whole all natural food products or anything for that matter is sustainable. Like the issue with the bananas,  that could happen with any kind of food without warning, especially with global warming and other environmental issues who knows what could go wrong next. I'm all for looking for healthy food options and finding natural alternatives, but it needs to be realistically sustainable too. Science exists for a reason, we need to be able to adapt and keep moving forward.
Just wanna say, shoutout to Dave. He’s such a great sport! We love him.
If Ann wants an easy way to clean the banana she should just put it in bleach. 5 minute crafts approved!
Do i hear a kitten at the back? as always a great video
If listened to, this woman has the potential to take down a million dollar company😂
Me: *sees new Ann debunking video* Me: *clicks faster than light*
I can't even imagine how much time Ann must have spent on this video. Both on experiments, filming and editing, and not to mention the time spent on the reaseach. And I would personally like to thank her for this tremendous work she has done.
Nobody: 5 Minute Crafts: Bananas are perfect starter soil! Everybody: *Visible confusion and concern.*
I learn a lot from your videos Thanks very much and keep it up😊
I hate this video... I hate the smell of bananas and this made me gag. Literally...
That octopus reference 10:18
I love these hack videos ❤️
There are plants that are known to grow on other plants and have roots on them, but those are specialized plants that are found in rainforests with low ground space. Putting a plant in another plant does literally nothing, except potentially kill both
There has yet to be a reason to fear GMOs, but plenty of reasons to embrace them. If they end up saving bananas, it'll just be another tally in their favor.
The chocolate microwave banana thing is so close to a really traditional thing here in the UK, but you don't use a microwave for it. Instead, you cut a single knife slit along the banana and stuff it with chocolate buttons, then wrap it in foil and either bake it, put in on the barbecue, or in a campfire, until the banana is baked and the chocolate is melted. It's nicer than I imagine it would be microwaved!
I see no problem with people avoiding GMOs as long as they don't try to force everyone else not to be able to have them.  Stop trying to make everyone as afraid to live life as you.  There are risks in everything we do every day, a glass of water could kill you under the right circumstances, a trip to the grocery store could result in a fatal crash, but it doesn't mean you stop drinking water or driving to the store.
Cavendish bananas are basically all clones as they can't reproduce sexually (they have no seeds anymore). This makes them more vulnerable to new pathogenes because they can't adapt. Also, selective breeding, cross-breeding and cloning plants using their ability to reproduce non-sexually with shoots is in the end similar enough to GMOs, although the process is slower. Just make sure the GMO plants are infertile, so they don't spread uncontrollably. And don't just make GMO plants in order to be able to use more aggressive pesticides or to exploit poor farmers (looking at you, Bayer/Monsanto).
!! TRYPOPHOBIA WARNING: 27:54 - 28:00 - there is a picture of another type of banana who might trigger people with trypophobia !!
GMOs good. Fake science bad.
gotta love Dave, he's been eating all this over the years on our behalf haha
It's 5:06 where I live...i really need to sleep
That was an amazing video. I did not know the topic bananas could be so interesting. I would love to see more videos like this about different foods or food industry. Thanks Ann for your wonderful videos!
I love cooked banana with chocolate and marshmallows. Perfect thrown on the barbie wrapped in foil then added cream when it's done.
Gmos arent what people think they are, all they will hear is genetic modification and get scared but wont look at what the modification is changing
Dave is hardcore for being a taste tester
BANANAS ROTAT E
Omg I love ur videos. Please check what I sent u on Instagram @Aj_72
Sending virtual hugs for people who need it
You can try archive.org to find archived copies of NOT FOUND pages (use waybackmachine prompt, not "search" one).
did annyone else hear weird wistling around the 25 minute mark?
Every one stay positive
Ann you always put so much work and effort into your videos. The internet is truly blessed to have such a great person posting factual videos. I've always been confused by gmos. Could you make a video about the most common gmo produce? Compare how regular fruit and gmo fruit bake. If there's a difference. What's better for baking and such. Truly grateful for all the videos
I know I’m not first but please like my comment I’ve watched every single one of your videos and I’m a mega super fan
I really liked that you included that bit about that Banana virus in the end. I honestly did not know about that. Hats off to that scientist for creating more virus resistant bananas
All the fruits we eat are genetically modified. That's how they became edible.
The one with chocolate and the microwave: we do that a lot but on a fire place when we have a barbecue in the woods. Best with Swiss Toblerone
We usually take bananas with chocolate on camping trips. Wrap it up in some foil and put it in the fire 🔥🥳
Benana hacks?! Somebody call the press, SimplyNailogical must know!
I’m both for and against gmo. I mean if your using in to improve the plant by making it resistant to certain diseases that I think that’s fine. The problem for me is when you start modifying it pointlessly. Everything is good in moderation but if we’re changing a plant so fundamentally that I might as well be a different plant that’s going to far. I might just be talking nonsense though since it’s 4am and my brains not really working 🤷‍♀️
You’re supposed to put an apple with fruit to accelerate the ripening process, that’s how I’ve known for persimmons at least.
Long story short I love u
lmao the sad piano music during the  timelapse made me so sad for the plants
Oh my god I have never wanted BEADS so much! 😍 Another dynamite video, Ann! Love your hard work on this content.
Im a banana many people ate my friends >:(
Almost all the food we eat has been genetically modified. Some of it over thousands of years, but yeah....that's what cultivating and farming, uh, does? To wild plants?
what do u mean u don’t have a separate banana fridge??? where we come from, we all have the banana fridges of all sizes & shapes in our kitchens! I mean how else are we gonna prevent our bananas turning brown, watch 1001 hack videos?!? 😂
Why isn't Youtube, Facebook and Twitter fact checking these kind of videos on their platform?
I'm all for gmo since there are many fascinating studies and application of it that is beneficial from the point of view of health, agriculture and economy.  To be fair though, aside from some really  anti-vaxxer stupidity level arguments, I have not really heard any good arguments against it.
This is such an interesting and important video! I feel like I learn so much every time I watch one of these videos and it’s so refreshing. My thoughts re GMO is that technically, the cavendish banana is the result of selective  growing practices, and surely that’s like a form of (natural) genetic modification. In fact, a lot of our food is the result of crops being selectively chosen to the point where they are nutritionally “weaker” or more susceptible to certain issues. I’m personally pro GMO within crop development but not within e.g dairy and meat farming. We have to consider that food scarcity is a real problem, and if in the west we want to continue encouraging the growth of mono crops and continue to have food “fads” that can destroy local economies and food sources (Im thinking if the issues with quinoa and avocados which have both lead to local food shortages for indigenous communities), we also need to accept that there may need to be external interference for those crops to grow at the rates we desire or to continue to grow with resistance to strain specific issues
To the entire Reardon family, thank you for existing to make our lives brighter.  To Ann: Thank you so much for putting so much effort into each of your videos. You're an amazing gift to YouTube, and to the world in general.   To Dave - It's great pleasure to watch you in some of Ann's videos, and you have my sincere gratitude for suffering so many horrible products for us.  Thank you so much once again. I hope you had a lovely Thanksgiving and many wishes in advance for the approaching Christmas.
For the Aloe vera on banana hack they record the video on reverse. They took the already rooted aloe vera on banana footage first, cut the root, and then record the rootless aloe on the vase.   The same as the leaf on banana hack, they cut the root little by little and then play the stop motion video on reverse.
GMO is frustrating, because there's really nothing wrong with the plants! You're absolutely in the right to be suspicious of the companies that do the genetic modification, companies like Bayer's Monsanto are famous for developing plants that are infertile, so farmers have to buy the seeds again, and suing the socks off farmers who end up with some Monsanto seeds on their fields. But we've been genetically modifying plants since we first started farming them. Everyone eats GMOs, which is especially clear in crops like corn that, like the banana, are just not worth eating if they're not domesticated, aka, genetically modified. Genetic modification has also been used in other staple crops like rice, to create a strain that's resistant to flooding, and one that has enhanced vitamin A to combat a common vitamin deficiency in impoverished rice-eating areas.  I genuinely try to avoid the "GMO Free" labels they put on stuff here in Canada, because I feel like it really feeds into a dangerous myth about the dangers of GMOs! No food company is out here publicly developing and selling Lex Luthor fruits that'll kill you!! While you should worry about company's money-grubby-ness, it's not for food safety reasons, but rather because they're incentivized to sell as much of their product as they possibly can to farmers, and don't much care if the farmers can really afford them.
As awesome as these are when are we going to see more baking videos and not debunking ones. I love your videos but I really wanna see more baking ones
this woman does the most for our own education on arbitrary subjects. tysm
Please watch Novympias parody of you 😭
I watched a 30 min video on bananas, wasnt disappointed  Great work Anne!
Dave's stomach is the strungest thing on the planet
I mean guys gmo is made to solve the problem we face in food and animal husbandry so we should not have problem with it..acc to me its one of the best gifts of biology we have
Has Dave always been blonde?
15k people have watched this since I've been watching!
9:20 could've toasted the bun, probably very soggy
The thumbnail for the aloe banana (Bananaloe? Aloenana?) is so badly Photoshopped, OH MY GOD! That's like printing two pictures, cutting one and simply gluing it on the other one. It's THAT bad.
Well colour me educated. I honestly thought that covering the top of a banana slowed their ripening.  We tried it a few months ago and it seemed to keep them yellow longer - but it seems that this may have been a coincidence based on other factors (such as temperature).  As an interesting aside, at the start of the first UK lockdown we bought some bananas that refused to ripen for weeks. We figured that this was likely due to the supply chain being brought forward to account for potential shortages. Partner wasn't happy...4 or 5 other bunches were bought and eaten before that first bunch was ready to eat!
People freak out but if I need to keep my banana fresh longer I keep them in the fridge, I have had people yell at me that the fridge ripens them faster. The skins do not go brown faster for me. I have had some of the same bunch out of the fridge and in the fridge and the ones out of the fridge ripened faster. Not sure if its because of the high humidity in the area I live or something else.
Hey Anne are you familiar with John Williamson, Australian musician? He does a song called Bananas Are Always Straight that I have stuck in my head now lol
I only eat bananas that have gone at least partially brown, there's no flavour in a plain yellow one, or god forbid, a greenish one
I'm honestly a bit shocked that these channels (such as 5-min-crafts) can spread so much missinformation. So I'm really glad that you're debunking all these "hacks". Thank you.
In tropical country, there are actually many kinds of banana, from as small as your pinky up to bigger than your arm. Some still have seeds in it but not so much. And a lot of them are tastier than regular grocery bananas.  The problems with exporting them are their ripening process (I know, we could modify it if we want) and banana monopoly. Yes, that's a thing.  I don't mind with GMO. After all aren't most vegetables and fruits that we know today were the product of GMO?
When I was a scout, we used to put chocolate into bananas, wrap them in foil and place them close to the fire and eat them as a desert. I think maybe the problem is making it in the microwave? It might taste different than cooking it slower at a fireplace.
hi an Indian here! banana are eggplant are actually native to india. where i live we still have wild banana and eggplant and they are not edible at all. the wild banana we have, tribes here make starchy vegetable fry with it. from what i have been told growing up (so could be inaccurate), Cavendish banana has been bred and modified to be the current banana it is now. so its still GMO in a sense that it is 'bred' to be edible. same story with wild eggplants. the wild ones are actually white and hence the vegetables actually look like eggs. hope this helps?
The thumbnail of the aloe in the banana is hilarious. If you look at the aloe plant on the right it becomes very clear that it is photoshopped in from a 2d animation.
Ann Reardon out here doing the lords work 😂❤️
For the peel 'bbq', it helps if you shred the peels into irregular and thinner pieces, so it takes on a similar look to pulled pork, and you cook it until the texture softens and it *feels* like pulled pork. The hack video didn't do it justice, you need to saute the skins longer and then add the bbq sauce towards the end. Otherwise, yeah, you might as well do zucchini noodles! Of course, it isn't meant to be exactly like meat...just close enough to be a good sandwich :).  To make it more accurate as well you need 2-4 skins - so when I get bananas I will save the peels in a baggie (which I also refrigerate) as I eat them and usually in less than 3 days I have enough to make it worth the trouble.   Goodful did a nice video on it: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=McdEOcecrG0
I am not against GMO technology, in fact I rely on it to produce the insulin I need in order to live.  I've found that many of the people who are against GMO technology don't have a good understanding of it.
As someone who has studied biotechnology and understands the process of Genetically Modifying food, I really don't understand why it is hated on so much As we all know (and as Ann has talked about before), the line between natural and artificial is very blurred so the argument of it being unnatural is bogus If done with good intentions, like to bring about pest or disease resistance like in the case of the Cavandish banana, it is actually very good because we will only be swapping out a gene or 2 and genetics is a very widely studied field of research so we can pin point out any potential side effects in advance with a relatively high degree of correctness. So, I really don't understand the big dance around it being bad Let me know if I missed out anything
Dave has been blessed by the food gods...this time  ...🤣🤣
Why do my Greek people have to do this... Ahaha much love from Greece
One of the most interesting channel on YouTube ❤️❤️
As a biochemist I approve the use of gene engineering to enhance bananas. It has already been done on rice to increase the production of beta carotenes (golden rice) in order to combat vitamin A deficiency in populations that do not have all that many sources for carotenes in their diets. People seem to be afraid of GMO because they don't fully understand the process of gene engineering, and that seems to also apply to the people making the laws about the use of GMOs. It would be lovely to raise awareness about what genetic modification really is.
Anne we need to see you do a bye!!!
GMO is way too important for our species to survive, I understand why people would be conservative to it, especially all of the misunderstanding.
Lol this is the best educational lecture I've every received.
Just imagine her house before this video: a banana here, another there, some bananas hanging, another waxed. Like a late Halloween especially for the bananas.
I have never heard of big mike (gros michel) and Panama Disease begore, but listening how they used GMO to make the cavendish immune to the disease left me baffled. In my elementary school year, we learn to have variants of fruits growing between each other so that if any disease hits one type, the variety will hinder the disease from spreading around. Isn't that preventive measurement is better than doing genetic mods every time there's a disease? and easier??
Looks like someone is making banana bread and cakes
Why doesn't Ann have all the subs these fakers do??
Microwaving a banana with butter and sugar was one of quick desserts I enjoyed when I lived with an Aussie family, so thought it was common til Dave questioned about heating up a banana 🤔
I did the choclate in the banana when I was littel but we wrapt it i tinfoil and grilled it over the open fire!!
I don't even watch 5 Minute Crafts and family, but your debunking is always awesome and informative!
my thoughts on gmo: nothing wrong with it unless it is used by big corporations (Monsanto) to make it harder for small farms etc. to make revenue
I'm no expert or particularly fast at anything but surely it would take more than 5 min to hollow out 1/2 a wtermelon, fill it with potting soil, perform surgery on a banana so you can fit a chilli in there and then plant the whole mess...
10:39 right when dave said "2020" my internet stopped working 😂
I don't (forwardslash) can't bake (forward slash) cook but I'm loving this channel and not just for these vids but the baking ones too! Thanks Ann
It's amazing how much more I learn from your videos than from school! Keep up the amazing content!💕
I love you so much Ann!! ❤️❤️❤️
Ann, your content is amazing :D thanks you for putting the effort in to debunk this nonsense!
Awesome video as usual ^u^  One of the main problems with gmo isn't really the final product, but the intellectual property laws that can restrict the distribution and use of that plant. It's been a minute since I looked into it but there's a growing issue of gmo monopolies that are really hard on the environment as well as farmers. They force mono-crop culture and can be inaccessibly expensive in situations where they would be life-saving.  If you've got some time to kill, it's pretty interesting to look into
24:22 I was so confused thinking my cat was meowing 😂 it took several replays for me to realize that it was coming from the video
As an Australian, I can confirm that you are most definitely a national treasure. Thank you for what you do!
"Even monkeys peel bananas" Best reaction ever! 😂😂😂😂
Props to Ann for putting up with the smell of 3 rotting bananas and various other molding plants for a week
It’s 4am here and IM HERE FOR IT
1st, I totally thought the trick with the 'zombie' banana was reversing the video (since heat makes bananas go brown?)  2nd, I think the idea to wrap banana stems in plastic probably comes from seeing commercial bananas with plastic on the stem and some people thought it was to prevent ripening or something.  Lastly, I dont really have a problem with GMOs in general, but there is already a backup variety to replace the Cavendish banana. The only problem I could see arriving in third world countries is just that most GMOs are patented, which puts farmers at even more of a disadvantage.
Why can't people just use soil and Plant pots?? These hacks are complete waste of food. Thanks for debunking!
I personaly don't eat bananas, but honestly all banana plants are straight up clones of one another so I really don't see the problem of GMO banana. It can only benefit people in the long run in my opinion.
easier way to fake the zombie banana is to just put the banana in the fridge, the cold will turn the peel brown, but when heated the peel turns yellow again.
Which sunscreen you are using?
“Do we trust it? It’s been a long year” poor man has been through it with the stuff he’s had to eat.
There is nothing wrong with GMO, We can thank North Americans for spreading disinformation about the dangers of GMO. Cause, there are none.
love it
I'm surprised that you didn't talk about how the bananas we use are all clones - so there's no genetic diversity & we're already "genetically modifying" the Cavendish banana by not letting it naturally have seeds and are clones that can't build resistance to anything.  What would work out better is allowing the Cavendish to grow in its natural form - which has seeds, but then can develop resistance.  There are other bananas that don't have seeds that large (which variety are those from?).  There's one that sometimes shows up in supermarkets - the red banana.  There's also a bunch of other varieties - I think there's over 1,000 banana varieties.
"I don't want this to taste bad for Dave" I think that ship has well and truly sailed at this point
I think the only valid arguments against GMO are to do with the intellectual property rights issues surrounding them (and TBH all US IP laws desperately need an overhaul regardless, and Australia's are even worse). Criticisms of the technology itself, as far as Ive seen anyway, are rooted in pure ignorance and anti-intellectualism
Who else thinks Ann should fix/save the recipes she debunks?!
I've never understood the anit-GMO fad. Someone clearly went on a marketing campaign to say that GMOs= evil chemicals or some such. I have issues with hormones and pesticides to a degree (the potential lasting impacts of hormones in people who eat them, and the environmental  impact and detrimental effects of pesticides on good insect populations and such). But GMOs are like...75% of the food we eat. The historic versions of most fruit and veg are so different!  So many apple varieties were created through grafting and controlled cross-pollenation.  What Professor Dale did was just advanced cross-breeding. Instead of selecting the best specimens of both species over several generations of plant and breeding them together, he expedited the process.  GMOs are one of the least damaging things we can do to our food supplies, as far as I understand. I mean, it's not like that gene will effect US! Last time I checked, I'm not a banana tree!
I learned a lot, thank you! Also, people shouldnt fear GMO's. :)
I fell people being angry about GMOs doesn't make sense, it's the same as hybridization which they do for all plants and people think it's natural because doesn't have genetic in the name and doesn't happen in laps.
Eat the food. The food is good.
I love this kind of science-y content!
There is nothing wrong with genetically modified food. It makes it safer
Omgomgomg my good tech knowledge is actually going to come in handy; so basically the whole banana problem is a result of the lack of biodiversity because we only grow 2 types of banana. This lack of genetic diversity is going to put the entire crop at risk of being wiped out, as Anne said, this is a huge problem. But the thing about GMO food products is that they need to go through vigorous testing, just like any synthetic chemical used in farming to make sure that it’s safe for people to consume even after it has been used, and so I think that GMO is actually a really good solution to this dilemma that we currently face. However, the current cost of implementing GMO technology is too high, and this is one concern I have over trying to keep the cavendish banana alive, as I’m not sure whether the industry will be willing to pay to have all their current plants changed to include the gene. So yea while it is good, there’s some stuff stopping gmo from being used, apart from people just hating it
Did anyone noticed banana used for UV had more brighter color than the one with nothing? Or was I wrong
I’d fully supported the GMO cavendish banana and I’m so thankful for people like yourself and the scientist who spend time educating us on the issue and trying to save the Banana farming industry. #savethenana
that thumbnail already has me wheezing, who believes that you can reverse ripening
These videos from 5min crafts are total fraud and a lot are still watching them! Wake up people!!
monkeys will have a good time watching this- i have not watched in full yet- (disclaimer)
You really are an international treasure  I saw a comment saying that you are a national treasure....but for me you are an international one.. You are doing a great job teaching about everything.  Huge respect for you 🧡💛💚💙💜🤎🖤🤍💗
Gros michels still exist, just as you're saying aren't mass produced anymore. You can mostly buy them in fancy fruit stores and such :) Also cavendish aren't the only banana variety that's like them, you should watch weird fruit explorer's banana tasting videos, lots of them look similar and taste similar. Just a matter of how plantation ready they are I suppose. Also I'm not against GMOs, they're necessary. I mean, strawberries aren't real fruit either, they are made by humans, so no issues here. The only danger is the possibility of GMOs mixing with non GMO plants because that's unpredictable.
Even monkey's peal banana 🐒🍌😂🤣🤣
I'm only against GMOs when they're abused the way Monsanto has-- that is, to sue farmers who end up with the genetic strains they've patented in their crops even by accident, and to use them to make plants resistant to harmful pesticides like RoundUp that have caused leukemia in the farmers working with them. This sounds like a fantastic and exciting GMO that I'd be very happy to eat. Wish they could modify bananas so they could grow in colder climates and they wouldn't have to ship them so far! I feel bad about the carbon footprint so rarely get them (I'm in Montana). Hope you made some good banana bread with all those! Also your darker hair looks great. :)
I'm early! Also, I've thought of those parts of their videos that are without context as fillers, just to make things _more interesting_ . The filler in this vido is the banana with the chili in it. They are so annoying. Thank you for doing things for us❤
the problems with GMOs is when companies patent their discoveries and charge license fees to farmers in order for them to grown them, especially seedless and un-propagate-able plants that REQUIRE starts from those companies that have to be bought yearly. i hope this scientist that made this resistant strain is gonna make it free-to-use in order to help those communities and farmers with their livelihood
3:49 am , gotten woke up by the notification. Was excited to see it was your video. Always enjoy watching your content ..
What's pisses me off about them is tht they try to do horticultural hack and techniques tht look cool but r a lie when there r real hacks and techniques tht r real and cool
We used to put chunks of various chocolate bars into the banana. Then we wrapped it in tin foil and roast it on the coal leftover from the barbecue. So good!
I feel like she's starting to use video techniques likethese channels... it's extremely hypocritical....
In India  we do make a curry with raw banana not ripe banana  peel  and it is quite tasty
Who else lives in a country where there are more common varieties of bananas than Cavendish bananas?
ba ba ba, ba ba na na
I dont have a problem with GMO plants. I mean, in the wild cross pollination has come up with different variations of fruits and veg. My own uncle used to splice different fruit trees together- he had a peach and plum tree spliced into each other. As long as they aren't trying to make a gorilla that grows bananas out of its scalp for hair, Im good. I think this research is saving the plants in question as well as the people who depend on them for income and food sources. I believe horror movies and scifi have given a bad name to scientific research in the fields of plant hybridization.
Would love to see you make a debunking video about the "anti GMO" movement and how it's basically a load of rubbish XD
Was it just me or were the beads w the banana 🍌 look more dark in color and more color beads 🤔
you put so much efforts to educate and to debunk senseless videos. love the content.
I think the major problem with GMO is not in principle, it's WHY it's being done. If it's to prevent extinction of an important food crop then great! But if it's to trap farmers into buying their seed and pest/herbicides annually from a single multinational corporation for the enrichment of big business... obviously anyone can see why that would be bad in the long term. Particularly for a country with a large agriculture sector, this could basically amount to state capture, if left uncontrolled. Found this article detailing the problem if anyone is interested:  https://www.slowfood.com/south-africas-agriculture-minister-rejects-monsatos-gm-maize-seed/
9:48 Dave stands in front of the sun. more like sun stands in front of Dave.
I love how every time you give something to Dave to try out, you always sound so far away as if the food had a risk of exploding.
Fun fact bananas where sweeter in the 1950's than today, well because they were a different type of banana.
I mean, you can turn your brown bananas into banana bread. 🤷‍♀️  You’re still getting use out of your bananas and in my opinion, it’s a sweet treat.
Only one thing left to do! Let's eat our bananas before they get bad :) I see a lot of people having so many misconceptions about GMO. It makes me very sad because people that shout the loudest do the least research on the topic. Or they only look at sources that somehow have the same opinion as them. Not doing research and being against something "just because" causes an incredible amount of damage.
There are a lot of fantastic banana varieties out there and Cavendish bananas are absolutely not one of them. Its not like they're the only edible banana. We should be switching to better varieties with or without panama disease anyway because Cavendish are trash.
I love these exposing videos
cant do the expirement like that the gas from the control bananas will ruin the other ones.
100 billion bananas are eaten each year 100 billion bananas are being wasted because of 5-minute-crafts video
From that 2 weeks time lapse i can say that you have started to film this a long before. You take a lot of efforts. Thankyou
Slice the banana down the middle, not all the way  to the ends, and put pieces of chocolate in there. Then wrap it in tinfoil and put in oven for a bit, check to make sure you don't burn it, and then eat. It is delicious. Try using high quality chocolate cause that's what we have here in Sweden.
With the gmo banana topic I’d say it’s the equivalent of a human using a vaccine to stay healthy.  :D
warning: many bananas were harmed in the making of this video ⚠
Joke's on them. I don't even like bananas! The texture is awful.
You guys are amazing!
Love these debunking videos! It is also really great to hear you talking about Panama disease in the International Year of Plant Health (though admittedly 2020 kinda became more about viruses!). I work in the UK on a fungal disease of wheat, making mutants of the fungi to find its genes that are necessary to cause the disease. I think that genetic engineering is an important tool for the future of food and farming. It's not quite apples for apples, but I do think of this sort of thing as effectively another version of what humans have done with crops, livestock and pets - selective breeding.
Untrue, it grew (mold)!
4:12 the banana literally rots faster in the sun... yet it’s a good UV protecter ?
With the plants growing theres a hack tht is awesome and most of all real and it's called tree grafting
GMOs can have a lot of benefits such as drought resistance, disease resistance, less need for pesticides, increase in nutrients, etc. People just love to hate things that they don't understand, and commonly don't even bother to learn much about them. Meanwhile, people have eaten many GMOs without even realizing it. Many cons to genetically modifying crops & such have continued to be disproven, while there's plenty of pros in general. I say look into things more before being so quick to call something bad or whatever.
i hate bananas but I love Annes videos
I think it depends on why you are against GMOs. If it is about the trademarking or copyrighting plants the way Monsanto has where they sue farmers who have not bought their seeds but where the seeds have blown over from other farms? Or is it about a fear of messing with our food supply.
Re: GMO I don’t mind cross breeding the same type of plant - but if the solution was to add a snail gene into a banana - yeah not a fan
Well technically the banana skin is a uv blocker... however you would have to wear the actual bloody skin as a shade to block anything.
"Let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try!" Hoo boy, this gon be nasty...  EDIT: Okay, apparently not as bad as I thought. I might give this a try just for the novelty.
Do we trust her ??? 😂😂
For me if you're genetically modifying food that will help benefit humanity without any adverse side effects in this case they're putting a gene that's resistant to a very brutally destructive fungus into a crop that can make up to 25% of an areas nutritional source then it's a good thing and people shouldn't complain about it we've been genetically modifying food for generations bananas used to not look anything like what they do today
How to keep your bananas from turning brown? Eat them.
I'm all for GM food if it's created with proper scientific controls to ensure that it is safe for humans and the environment :)
The only thing I thought of during this vid...      BEYYYYNNNNNN
I just love your debunking videos!! I really appreciate the time you spend to try out all these hacks and reveal to us the hacks that are fake and even warn us about the hacks that could turn out to be dangerous...  I love your channel and I really want to say that you are smart and funny and I like your personality!❤❤❤
Show me a crop or livestock that has not been modified to suite us. Everything we eat has been
*Hi, Ann. Thanks for yet another great video! 👍😊🍌 I'm not sure if it's just me, but the volume was quite low in this video. I had my speakers on 100% and could still barely hear you! (I could just be going deaf...)* 🤔🌷😁
I truly think Ann goes down a rabbit hole every time she does a video. And I love that 🤣🤣♥️
No issues with GMOs at all.  I've been researching transgenics for over a decade and there is just nothing to be concerned about. Certain organizations (like the organic consumer's association and greenpeace) are anti-GMO partly because of what a huge money-maker the so-called organic produce is, but mostly out of ignorance.  In some cases, I am sorry to say, it seems to be willful ignorance. We've been eating food that has been bred using transgenic technology for over three decades (hundreds of years if you count hybridization as a genetic modification process) and there has not been a single recorded case of negative health outcomes that can be attributed to genetic modification as a breeding process.
I love your videos. The time, effort you put in and money spent in debunking these videos is much appreaciated. Lemme give u a LIKE. Edit: also, your husband deserves a raise from the torture he endures from these experiments 😂
I love that an Aussie is talking about and taking sun protection seriously.
Why are you not a journalist
Hi Ann! I really love your vids☺️ you always make my day💕👍         ~Oya?
I'm certain that the word banana sounds at its greatest with an Australian accent
The thing about wrapping the bananas is that it's very likely more expensive and wasteful to put the wrap in than throw the bad bananas away. And of course there's nothing wrong with GMO. Humans have been breeding animals and plants for millennia and it's only due to the current-day stupidity triggered by the spread of false information throughout the Internet and the media in general (which just want to see the world burn to sell ads) that people have turned against that is essentially the way humans have dealt with their food since forever. The problem is that there seems to be no antidote for stupidity. Most people only believe what they WANT to believe, not facts and demonstrable scientific experiments.
Now I know about bananas more than ever.
I always eat wild bananas because we have lots of them in Indonesia and a lot cheaper than cavendish banana😂
I love your explanation.  But I know that when 5 minutes or other famous channels make videos of life hacks, no hacks work but I like their videos I mean not the hacks but the video
Is there a kitten there ? Swear I heard one ?
Gmos are amazing in my opinion! If you can design a plant to produce more, require less water AND be more resilient to pests without pesticide... well I just think thats fantastic!!! The only thing that worries me is if big companies get greedy and sell their modified seeds for absorbent prices that local farmers cannot afford. Thats my only worry !
I'm really glad I found Ann, she's so educational and I trust her 100%.
If banana's start turning brown you peel them and put them in gallon ziplock bags then you can freeze them till your ready to make banana bread
Thank you for debunking fake news!
Nice Ann
Poor Dave. He might need a guinea pig so he can relate to it.
Don't see how gmos could really be bad. It's just disease resistance, like giving the plant a vaccine, to a degree.
this was fascinaiting cause you spen so much time for this
Nice, the "pulled pork" recipe made the video
aren't majority of all vegies and fruits genetically modified? by the way those wild bananas with lots of seeds taste great than the common bananas, although your mouth will constantly be working sifting alot of seeds.
When it comes to GMOs, I think I'm a lot more wary of modifications that try to make things freeze better or have a longer shelflife than something that reads more as skipping over the long process of crossing two related plants for a specific result. Maybe I just don't know enough about the process though.  I'd heard about there being a banana blight but not about the possible fix before! Very cool.
your videos are so well done, thank you so much ann <3
Honestly    I was waiting for you where did you go!
I don't mind the GMOz considering the Cavendish we eat aren't a natural fruit they themselves were grown in a lab,  as discussed by Sci Show
I think that the issue of genetically modified food is a complex issue. I am rather sceptical about modifying plants, because that gives people a lot of freedom to mess around with the nutrients inside the plant, the ecosystem around the plants and their global hold on the particular type of food. But those are not only issues particular to genetic modification alone but an issue on many different levels. And in some way the way we‘ve kept breeding certain types of a plant into our ideal fruit or vegetable has also automatically shrunk the natural variety of these plants. And as we can see with this example, it might be even harder to decide when genetic modification might be appropriate after all. I find it really difficult to choose a standpoint, but I do think we should always be cautious about how we play with our environment.
This is a great application of GMOs. As opposed to what Monsanto (I think the company was renamed) do. I believe that we won't be able to sustain humanity if we don't accept GMOs as there will simply not be enough food around. It just needs to be regulated so bad practices such as locking down crops is forbidden at world wide scale.
Very ripe bananas are perfect for banana bread
When my mum lived in Brazil, she said that bananas are considered to be unripe at the stage we normally eat them in the western world. They're actually better at the "zombie" stage that we consider to be over ripe/rotten.
How do I unsee that banana with all the seeds! It triggered my tripophobia and now I’m freaking out 😭
And apparently the banana flavoured candy is based on the taste of the Gros Michel banana, which is why banana flavoured candy doesn't taste like the cavendish we're used. I have no idea if this is accurate or not
Anyone else just eats a banana green like I do?
That thing about the wild bananas being resistant to the disease made me think of the phylloxera crisis. Basically, this was a disease that devastated vines in Europe in the 19th century. Then they found out that some american varieties were resistant to the disease. So they planted american vine stocks and then grafted on them the european varieties, and this has pretty much stopped the phylloxera from devastating the vines. However, after a bit of thinking, I guess that may not be possible with the banana trees since they're not actual trees 🤔
I thought you use bananas to ripen other fruits not the other way round?
Bro, wtf? I hate these fake videos, I swear. Its just lie after lie after lie.
Each like on this comment shows how much people like Anne’s vids and feel sorry about how much money she wasted on banana in this vid! 🍌             Likes ⬇️
Honestly, all for GMO's if we're not going the Monsanto route. I mean technically the banana was already a GMO, so is watermelon, and some rice species are already modified to withstand disease and be more nutritious.
GMO is completely fine and can be super helpful as a tool. My only concerns are with whether it's exploited by greedy corporations, but that's kind of the deal when it comes to late stage capitalism I think
I feel really bad for those people who plant bananas and you are more educational then school lol
I don’t want to live without bananas D:
F's in the chat for Dave.
As long as there are no adverse affects to the edible part of the bananas then I don't care about them being "genetically modified".  I trust that the products are tested and verified by food and health organizations before getting to market. If a little bit of modification can help with crop yield and thus help with people's livelihood and food supply being protected, then I'd say go for it.
Cook something!
Her accent is so satisfying.. 🙂
In general, I don't really like GMOs, but this seems to be a good example of using the technology. The promise of higher yields, drought resistance and better nutrition through GMOs has largely been a failure. And I don't really like the idea of massive corporations like Monsanto owning patents on them. And I don't think it's a great idea to make pesticide-resistant GMO crops so that you can just douse them with chemicals.
17:30 What kind of misinformation is this? Misinformation done in the "telephone" game makes more sense
The audio is low?
My favorite science channel 🍰 🔬
10 dislikes from the debunked hackers
18:20 reminds me of a Terry Pratchet quote 'A lie can  run around  the world before the truth has got its boots on.'
*_Monkeys have left the chat_*
Ok I was early I know no one will notice but I didn't want to comment
Science keeps the human race alive people! Not all gmo modifications are bad, most are done with great intentions. A special thanks to the scientists who is saving my favorite boomerang shaped fruit, and to Ann for telling me about world issues I never knew about.
I've seen the banana pulled pork in some vegan channel. the other channel had more ingredients so make the taste of banana skin doesnt taste awful. the 5 minute craft one didnt have that much of ingredients tho.
I’m certainly not for modifying our food into a new type of food, however, taking a gene from a banana to make another banana better is fine with me. We’re in 2020, a lot of things have changed. We’ve come further in the last 100 years than we have in our entire existence. Of coarse we should look after what we’ve created. My opinion ❤️🇦🇺
nice video. thank you
What does the first one even smell like 🤢🤢  Appreciate the effort 🎉
Here is another debunkin vid on a topi you did tuch in this vid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GiN9d6NnTDA
So here's some in depth explanation for the gardening hacks: some plants are capable of completely regenerating from a single node. So if you plant a thick branch in soil (with a node fully covered with soil) it can grow new roots and leaves and quickly become a whole new plant. Examples of such plants include mint, money plant, some types of crotons potatoes(the eyes of the potato are nodes), etc.  In the video of course the craft channel gave no information about having to use a stem with nodes and the way the stem needs to be cut.  About the other 2 hacks, like Ann said Banana peel actually makes excellent compost however compost means decomposed. At this point many different types of bacteria have acted on the banana and the chemical composition of a fully decomposed banana is completely different from a normal banana and most plants will not be able to use the nutrients in such a state and thus start to die and rot.
I literally can't get enough of these videos. They're educational, funny, entertaining, and there's so much work put into it. If it wasn't for these videos, I would've probably tried some of those hacks. I really appreciate the hard work put into it. And I also think this is possibly saving people from wasting money, harming themselfs, or harming others. Your videos bring so much awareness. Thank you♡
nice! i think GM is a great and essential tool, especially going in to a climate crisis. I think a lot of anti-gmo people need to realise most vegetables are already genetically modified, just through horticulture and selective breeding. That's why cavendish bananas don't have massive seeds!
To be honest, I'd rather eat GMO' s than a lot of pesticides.
I remember the banana watermellon contraption in a thumbnail
I just want to say thank you, people like you make me still have faith in this platform, I love your content, I love how informative and educational it is, please keep it up! :3
Too bad I'm on a keto diet and can't eat bananas :(
Let's all praise Ann for teaching us way more about bananas than we ever dreamed of. Love all of her videos!
To be completely honest the banana made the uv beads darker
5 minute crafts only want to waste our time, resources and money.
“A lie can travel around the world and back again while the truth is lacing up its boots.”—Mark Twain
Petition for Ann to make a banana cake (not bread) just a cake of bananas. (ily 😍😘❤)
thank u for posting in the middle of the night PST lol. perfect timing for my YouTube watching schedule
15:15 hang on I remember this, wrapping the banana tip didn't work, you tried that before
Do you have a cat or was I just imagining things
When my bananas go 'zombie' I chuck them in the freezer. Perfect for cakes and muffins.
Genetic modifications have been going on for ages, it is not as scary as people make it to be >.>
Genetically modified food is sometimes necessary to help a crop along so it can survive things like Panama Disease. Sure you could make an argument that we should let nature do what it will do, but if we have the ability and the tools to stop something from being wiped out, and nutrition and income of hundreds of thousands of people with it, why wouldn't we?
Can you normalise your audio? It's always quieter than most other videos on YouTube. Thanks.
Her hairdryer still has the tag picture like if u seen it
If you wish, try this for the chocolate banana: Bake the bananas whole until the skins split. Remove from the oven and let cool a bit. Open the fruit where the skin split and add chocolate ganache and cream or ice cream. In South Africa, the option of course is to add a shot of Amarula Creme.  As for the GMO debate, I think many people's objection is that this modification takes place in a lab where "it doesn't happen naturally". They also usually have a fundamental misconception of what science does, which is the reason people think "GMOs are dangerous", that "the government wants to track them with vaccines" and that chemicals in the water supply (to paraphrase the ever incompetent Alex Jones) "turn the frogs gay". In my opinion the lab is doing in a few months or years what it would take a natural cultivar decades or even centuries. It's sickening that there are people actively fighting against the science that can ensure food security. Just my opinion.
dude just make Banana Bread when they get blackened like that, that way youre not wasting them and you get something really yummy out of it.
I just dont understand people eating raw yellow bananas, when they are brown or black they are very sweet, does taste much more
The dislikes came from the people whom actually like 5 min crafts
As humans, we’ve been doing some form of GMO since we started farming.   I have no issue with GMOs. The only issue I have is related, but it’s not the process itself that’s the problem. My issue is the massive corporations that take GMO technology, hoard it for themselves, and force farmers to pay extortionate amounts for their seeds. And those farmers will be sued into oblivion if they try to keep any seeds from last harvest. There was even a case where a company (I think it was Monsanto, pre-Bayer buyout) sued a farmer for using their GMO seeds, because they’d blown over onto his property from his neighbour’s farm. He himself wasn’t actually using those seeds, but his neighbour was.   So that’s my issue. It’s capitalism, basically. There’s no scientific evidence that GMOs are inherently harmful. But plenty of evidence that capitalism is.
Dang its only 56 mins ago and there are already 900 comments  You really are famous!
My dad put toothpaste on his leg burn and the doctor remove his skin probably thanks to 5 min crafts. 😁
Bananas have already been genetically modified, thats how we got from the wild banana with inedible seeds to the banana we eat today. Difference is now we can  splice in only the gene needed and dont have to rely on random mutations
I really hope you make a video about GMO. I'd love to hear your opinion on it! Also, the wild banana seeds looked so disgusting 🤢
"Even monkeys peel bananas...." Not even flex tape can fix that burn!
I was waiting for next video because I like to see you debunking video specially yours.
Dave is always in this kind of videos
“ooo saucy baby”   — wise words from a wise man
So nice to watch you "teaching", I feel like I'm in class with my favourite tutor :)
Putting a chili inside of a banana inside of a watermelon filled with soil is its own reward.
I Really appreciate all the work Ann puts into her videos😊😇Also Dave😂
ok so i am watching this during a online meeting cuz i dont understad anything
gmo is just an advanced selective breeding
0:58 dose no one notice how fake that “grown plant” looks
Even monkeys peel bananas!!! Oh my god . that comment is lit🤣🤣
>.< don’t even wanna know my chances then...burnt bad a lot even when wearing SPF50 properly and reapplying every 2hours like it said.
Does anyone else hear a high-pitched puppy noise during the last four minutes of the video or am I just having a stroke
Yes!!! The queen has posted
Did anyone else's trypophobia get triggered by the seeds in the wild banana? haha
The most awaited nd entertaining video....
dave referring to the peel as 'packaging around the food' just SENDS😹
Personally saying, i feel like GMO's are fine as long as they are healthy and taste good, like i feel like if your using GMO to give rice more fiber or if your making it so mosquitos wont pick at the plant, i see no harm done. Im no expert so if anyone has any rebuttal i'd be happy to hear it!
Mean comments about bananas? Why can I actually believe she’ll get plenty lmaoo people on the internet are nuts
Banana boats - we use mini marshmallows, chocolate chips and a bit of peanut butter. Wrap in tin foil and put them in warm coals of a campfire for about 5 minutes. A yummy alternative to smores.
Still wondering if you've seen the parody about you
Dave: "Even MONKEYS peel bananas!" Gold commentary of the month!!! But seriously, all this shit about the banana comes from taking advantage of those nature-lover ignorant people who believe, for instance, that commercial sunscreen causes cancer because it has "chemicals" (whatever that means, since everything in the universe has chemicals in it).
I mean, cavendish aren't the best bananas for flavor, they're just the most hearty, and thus can be shipped around the world. i lways feel like this kind of molecular selection is no different from selecting for desirable traits the old fashioned way, it's just faster, but of course, as a student studying to be a molecular biologist myself, I might just be biased...
I love your debunking videos! I cant imagine how much time you've saved people
These content farms are going bananas.
I mean, typically I don't like GMO foods, but the specific one in question is really more of just a vaccine to keep the banana plant healthy enough to produce more bananas. I mean, there might even be an argument that it's only the plant itself that's modified, not the product that you're going to consume. I think it'd be a great thing for them to modify the plants in this way!
I love your hair
This was so interesting
The plant in the video is an aloe Vera,  you used a different succulent
GMOs are fine. I haven’t heard a good argument against them yet, other than “they’re not natural” which is just not good enough for me.
Where did you get those uv beads??
hi
Anyone that knows anything about plants will know that roots don't grow out of a leaf... As for bananas, no. No, no, no. Water in which a banana peel was in can be used as an infrequent addition to the fertilizer, but otherwise, NO. Unless you're trying to develop a mold culture, I guess.
GMO is fine, it's essentially what we have been doing anyway but quicker and less likely to bring across bad bits as well (ie, we pick the not being copied rather than genetics bringing across multiple bits together). Let's hope that scientist wasn't forced to put the strain into some sort of copyright for the company they work for or something.
Love from Pakistan you are amazing and really beautiful
I always love waking up to new uploads from Ann!
Why am I watching a video about bananas?  Do I eat bananas? No. Did I watch all of this video? Yes. Am I subscribed? Yes.
need snow goggles to watch
Amazing as always 🤩🤩
As long as we continue to study GMO and it's impact on humans, then I am all for them.  GMO crops are less of a burden on natural environments. They allow plants to be more hardy in certain environments, they allow for quicker growth and they can be resistant to various diseases and insects.  If these banana crops were left to their own devices, then we'd see more fungus-free land cleared, (environments for numerous animals, insect species and other plants) for new crops and then potentially the end of this crop.
I might edit this comment later.
yeah i just unsubscribed 5 minute crafts because of this 🤣🤦 lol
bananas are already genetically modified so if you have issues with it don’t eat bananas ...
Yeeeees
Without gmos fruit would be a whole lot different than they are today. I recomend looking up how fruits used to look before we started changing them
in Brazil, the most common type of Banana is what we call Banana Prata, whose scientific name is Musa Paradisiaca, which I find amusing.
The UV bead test was genius.
Hi Anne, I was wondering if you could do a video discussing about some social media "myths", like the ones where a family mysteriously dies in their basement only to find out that it was caused by the potatoes they've stocked  that released some ort of gas. I was hoping you could shed a light on these certain topics; whether they have credibility or not.
I have those exact same Frixion pens
I have no problem with GMO. I don't really know a lot about it though, I've never cared enough to look into it tbh XD. But I imagine if 25% of my food and my whole families source of income could be saved by GMO I'd be absolutely whooping for joy for it lol
Honestly GMOs are often demonized unnecessarily. We’ve been selectively breeding our food for thousands of years. I do think the laws and regulations around genetic science are outdated though and need to be re addressed   Also please explain to me what’s a sunburn feels like. Is it just like a normal burn? I’ve never had one before because  m e l a n i n.
Dave thank you for your suffering for us
So I find the thing with GMO’s  funny because ever since humans started cultivating crops they’ve been genetically modifying them by picking the strongest and most edible to go forward and breeding certain traits. People think genetically modified means lab produced but in reality it’s as simple as disrupting the wild cycle of plants and even animals. Even if you buy something that is ‘non gmo’ the seed of that plant has more than likely faced modification at the hands of selective breeding. At any rate, however it’s genetically modified I’m okay with because that still gives us a reliable food source.
please do something with your audio, it's far too soft and when the ads come on i have to scramble to lower the volume.
I'm ok with GMOs. Humans have been changing fruits and vegetables since the start of farming. Of course testing should be done to ensure it's safe to eat but I see no reason to why we shouldn't be using everything can to provide food.
2 words: hOw WhY
It may be 3:30 in the morning, but I’m here lol
Congrats on hitting 4 million+ subs! Been here since 500k and love your channel so much! Your work is really appreciated✨✨
I love this lady and how she applies a lot of effort on her work!! i really request her to make a video trying tasty videos!!
People who are afraid of genetically modified food are reactionaries IMO, we've been doing this for time in immemorial but now we can actually control it with science and empirical research. And with the changing climate, it'll probably be critical that we incorporate more of them into the food chain.  And that's not to mention things like Golden Rice could have already saved many people if it wasn't so heavily restricted.
Hi!!
Dave is what love means. He goes the extra mile and trusts his wife.
"lets cook it up and give it to dave to try" hahaha  love it
late to be uploading a video imho. when i got here it said it had been uploaded 58 minutes ago. if ann is in my time zone she uploaded this close to 7:30. just my opinion tho, do what ye like ann.
LOVE THESE VIDEOS THANK YOU!
'What are you watching?'  Me: 'Uhhhh a nice Australian lady performing keyhole surgery on a banana...'
Can you make an among us cake since you made so many different cakes like Minecraft and clan of clans please
Why don't you taste the things...why Dave?
The holo nailpolish shining on the sun😍😍 YES!
I just have one question: why are there enough banana hacks exostong for an entire video... this hack stuff is going too far...
The cooking banana thing with chocolate we did in grade school. It was that and cowboy bread (stick bread) which was done almost every time we had an outside day. Of course it was over an fire. The banana was set on top of a grill. Never ever liked it but I also don't like chocolate that well and banana is not a favorite of mine so it was just not meant to be XD.
I am extremely happy. I was re-watching your videos (again), and a new video was put up. Absolutely made my day better!
KEep up the good work, <3 your videos
Hi Ann...So lucky to be early
Eastern European content farm: how to save your... Ann: Imma stop you right there, mate.
Yes, we have no bananas.
18:05 Im spanish and i was born in the 80's. I remember this myth when i was a kid and even my grandma laughed at it back in the day.
Benlogical likes this video.
A yes banana, or as Cody Martins refers to them as - the yellow miracle.
harry houdini exposing those fake magicians is nothing compared to ann exposing these fake food hackers ❤
The bananas in our stores has plastic around the stem as Well, And Ive noticed the bananas break easily when breaking one off. Which sucks when i only want one And the others break too..Even after removing the plastic
I really thought you included that chili in banana clip for no reason
I have learnt about many things on ethylene gas as a plant hormone interestingly a gaseous hormone .... and many more as a bio student   But i think i have had a lot of disinformation on those tip of banana etc sorr of things  I think it was really good to clear all those unwanted disinformation from my head and review them using your videos  Every video i am really glad that you teach us that not all schools teach  Thank you Ann
The plant they stuck into the banana was a monstera, which are indeed quite easy to propogate. If it sends out an aerial root, you can just cut below that and stick it in water, no banana needed. If anything the banana is more likely to kill the leaf if you ask me, considering how it rots and introduces mold.
I do the banana and chocolate thing but I normally cut a slit in the banana, put some dark chocolate or chewy caramel, wrap each banana in foil and then into the barbecue.
I always assumed that wrapping the ends of bananas were to avoid fruit flies all over your kitchen?
Some of these hacks are just ludicrous, I bet they make people look so dumb!
i really like brown bananas and i heard some studies saying they have more nutrition in them, bu i really prefer brown ones
In Sweden ( especially when I was a kid based on a kids show called hajk), you took a banana, opened it on top like in the video, but as a difference we put ours in the owen.
Oh my, i always admire all the effort and knowledge that u gave to us, i really want to meet u but i live in indonesia 😔
If I’m being rude please tell me but I was wondering why you wear the long back sleeves in the hot weather
14:00 cooking ripe bananas with chocolate in it is actually a desert I really much enjoy. I would not use a microwave though. I learnt this as a kid whilst camping and we put the banana in aluminium foil and in the fire (BBQ). At home I'd rather use dark chocolate and the oven at 180c or something.
It's 2 am, here I am learning about bananas, and I don't even like them
“Even monkeys peel bananas”  Truuue lol
we stan the level of research
I love your videos! You are so wholesome!!!!💙💙
Great job. Thanks for clarifying banana saving tricks. We need more people like you. Brave Dave , eats whatever you give😁
Disinformation online needs some sort of oversight, its worse then a pandemic
The hate against GMOs is so overblown. Almost every food we eat has evolved/changed since it was originally discovered and humans have chosen which traits they want things to keep through selective breeding. Genetically modifying is not just cutting out a gene and pasting it to another organism in a lab, it happens naturally through evolution. Any change to a gene is genetically modifying, it can happen naturally, or in a lab. Taking a wild banana and mixing it with a commercial banana is tame compared the selective breeding humans have done to animals.
The third website is my university 😅 Don't know how I feel about that
"..let's cook it up and give it to Dave to try."  At this point, I don't wanna see Dave suffer eating odd food coming from 5-mins crafts or any similar channels anymore. 😖
Ive been looking for ways to incorporate banana peel into my cooking, one way that I enjoyed was making a chutney with warming Indian spices. I recommend trying it although it doesn't look particularly appetising since the peels go black
5 minute scams
i love watchign all your videos, they must have taken ages to flim! i hope you get 10 million subscribers soon :)
I don't know what to say but go Ann !!!
EWE!!! There wasn't a graphic image warning before showing the wild banana 🙈thats a wet banana slug! Actually... I wouln't be surprised if that's where the banana slug's name comes from. 🌈the more you know...that was our rival team's mascot at Uni...who came up with that crap???? Lol
man, now I want some bananas
Dave is such a champion.  Good on ya.
Thanks for these debunking videos - they're a great response to the dangerous nonsense my mother sends me sometimes. Edit: Is that a bird or a kitten I hear in the background in the last half?
You know your videos are so relaxing they're my go to whenever a day gets tough
so what if we put  banana in  vacuum sealed bag  and then freeze it?
The banana with the chill sitting inside the watermelon looks like some kind of weird art project...
You're making my body sing with this upload Anne 🍌😁
I love my scientific queen debunking the fake hacks! 🤘🤘🤘🤘🤘
54 minutes ago
What if the "put a chili in a banana and plant it in a watermelon" was just so they could see who watched the video and actually tried it?
Ah nice vid!! But did anyone find the audio abit too low?!
Wow this got powered 1am my time and I was about to sleep too
Ann is the person that teaches me new things and that I trust without no doubt. Please never stop!
Fascinating, to bad I hate bananas. Edit:Finished the video, and I do hope we are able to save them. Personally GMO's don't bother me, and I find much of people's fear comes from asinine ignorance.
wow, you claim to do these researches, and videos appear to be quality, but then you don't even research your sponsor.. just wow, didn't expect this from you. They sell their customer data and have ocassions of data leaked, using scripts to track what you do on other websites etc. they cannot be trusted, simple google would have told you that.
My friend eats his bananas with the peel because he doesn't want to waste food even though it tastes pretty bad Can someone explain what kind of nutritional value a banana peel has and if it's even worth it Am I eating bananas wrong???
note to self: do not eat your breakfast during banana debunking vids ;-) ...maybe the chili inside a banana inside a watermelon is art? that root looked like an orchid root
Do the fridge bananas smell though?  I'm allergic but my husband eats them, i get frustrated when they get left to over ripen and I come down to that banana smell....he'll throw them in the bin but I don't mind freezing them and baking banana bread to gift to friends.
Hey
the wiggly bananas make me uncomfortable
If sientist are researching about bananas and think its safe ill eat it
This video is packed with so much useful Information and research I'm very impressed. Keep up the good work, your efforts in educating us are much appreciated!!
Thank you for making science fun with food! I'm a new subscriber and I've been enjoying watching you make amazing cakes and sweets.
Steamed banana is really popular in Indonesia, that cooked banana is common for me
Woah im early actually LOL-
Not gonna comment on gmo but when I was in Borneo there was a wide variety of different banana species that were smaller and sweeter than any banana I’d ever had- I’m not sure if/ why they’re not exported but there are other edible bananas
I respect that ann wastes so much banana so we dont waste banana
I'm all for GMO foods on one condition: I think they need a kill switch. Think about how many foreign plants and animals kill out native species and become pests. I don't want trees (on a farm that is not well maintained for whatever reason) to start spreading and infringing on the resources other nearby plants and trees need. Here in Queensland, Australia, we have a bad history of bringing in pests to deal with pests, only to lose all control over the one we brought in. If the modified plant is more resistant to problems, it may also be harder to kill off if it's no longer needed. I think that, if they're going to implement changes to protect them, they should also implement changes that make them more vulnerable to destruction by other (more controlled) farming methods. That may be vulnerability to some sort of herbicide or whatever, I dunno, I'm not a farmer. Let's just not create any more pests for ourselves, eh?
«Even Monkeys peal bananas» Good point!
Ann you are the only person who we can believe! Thank you for making us aware of everything which is misleading us!
So many people are so paranoid about GMOs but they don't really understand what it actually means. People see GMO and they think of like franken-fruits not basic watermelons. There's a lot of misinformation about what GMO actually is that they're not really given a fair shake because of people's preconceived biases
*Banana recipe shows up* Me :- *Oh no dave*
My phone is at full volume by why is the audio still so low
Now I just want some aussie sun blocking arm gear
I hate bananas lol 😂 I can’t stand the texture of them! I love most fruits but not banana.
"Even monkeys peel bananas".
I live in Denmark, and here we do make bananas with chokolade, then we sometimes eat it with icecream or whipped cream. It is sometimes made on the grill after dinner, as a dessert😋😋
Your debunking videos are the BEST!  I will die happy if you keep making them <3
OMG! First time I'm early! I love you ann and your videos!
So are bananas supposed to be refrigerated or is it just to make it not ripe and another ques if i grow my own bananas and remove them while being green will they never go old
Why is anyone surprised the ‘hacks’ don’t work? Unless you’re incredibly dumb, you’ll know that the ‘creators’ are using hard drugs to come up with this 💩.
Yes! I always enjoy your videos.
Ann can u do a gravity defying light bulb cake.
Finally! Another Debunking Video Yaay!
I assume some banana recipes are coming up soon 😉
Oh no... the sad music as the bananas wilted... I can’t... 😂🤣
These video's are golden. I'm so upset by 5-min crafts and the like. Even my brother-in-law believes some of these "hacks", I show him your vids to educate him ;-)
Personally, I’m pro GMO in cases like the one mentioned in the video. If it could help the food supply in rural area’s, that’s good! I believe a kind of rice was developed that has a lot more nutrients, and of course that’s absolutely wonderful for people who can’t afford to buy the fruits and veggies that naturally have those nutrients. However, I’m very against the GMO’s from companies like Monsanto. The genetically modified foods didn’t have to be pollinated by bees anymore, and somehow the plants poisoned a big part of the bee population. Also Monsanto has caused entire area’s to go bankrupt because of their copyright on the GMO plants. So, I do think that GMO’s can be helpful, especially in a world with global warming where food is going to be a lot more scarce due to floods and drought, however we should keep the environmental impact in mind when using GMO’s. Especially since they are often used in a mono-culture, which can dry out the ground.
Putting milk-chocolate in a banana and warming it up is an old hiking/scouting tradition in the Nordic countries. Original you put the banana in a tinfoil wrap and put it on the charcoals of the campfire until they are ready. Today it is also popular during summer times to do them on the barbecue.  This is called campfire-banana, camp-banana, hiking-banana or scouting-banana. It is as traditional as s´mores are in some countrys.
I was wondering whether Tasty is legit enough. I think the content is pretty true, but it is probably content farming.
I was waiting for a video and I love it❤️❤️
We truly need more people like you misinformation is very dangerous and thank you so much for fighting it so hard and doing it so scientifically love your content keep up the good work  Ps: can we appreciate how hard it was to find that 2012 article??? BRAVO
Good work
Imagine all the banana bread Ann made after this! L.O.L.
I think the water soaked banana idea coming from a flower. Like when the flower start to wither you put it in water and they're gonna get fresh again
We just put fruits in rice to ripen them quickly🌾
We make those chocolate bananas when we go camping. We wrap them in tinfoil and cook them in the embers of a fire. I actually think they’re delicious!😋
YES, our Queen is back with more debunking and the most sophisticated burns <3
You're the only youtuber whose ad reads I actually like
GMO's for pathogen resistance is fine by my standards. As are crops that are made more nutritious or tolerant to low irrigation or crops that need less fertilizers and pesticides   It's when companies tailor GMOs for profit, I get angry. Glofish for example,  grains that "suicide" so that farmers have to buy new seed stock every year, or patented crops that drive small and subsistence farmers off the land.
Hey guys I wanted to know what is the difference between microwave and oven i have something called as microwave -  oven please if anybody knows tell me
Considering GMO, I'd say I agree with the facts that it has major benefits in these situations since the main use of it is somewhat altering the banana in such a way that it provides it with resistance to such a nasty threat. If the sole purpose is resistance to certain other nasty organisms, then it would be common sense to integrate genetic modification into the mix, in case it provides absolutely no drawbacks and will just as easily be fit for human consumption.  What I do think that some people would argue against is the fact that GMO has bad reputation because it turns "regular" produce into these oversized meaty plants, hardly resembling the original product in the first pace. The main use case of GMO in this situation isn't building resistance as much as it is just generally increasing profits for the "producers".  The idea for the debate sounds wonderful and I definitely think you should do a future episode where you'd cover in-depth about some genetic modifications, in a way as you did with the banana. Major props to you Ann! Hope you and your loved ones are staying safe and amazing! Big virtual hugs from Serbia ❣️
I'm offended by Dave saying that cooked banana isnt that good.... Has he never tried banana fritters?!
I'm doing my homework but i have to stop to watch this debunking video.
As someone who studied environmental conservation and has actually genetically modified bacteria during a laboratory exercise in school, I am all for GMO. There is no theoretical difference between GMO and selective breeding, except that GMO can be done faster, more targeted and safer than selective breeding. It could take thousands of years to create a resistant strain of bananas, so genetically modifying them is probably our best way to go.
dude if watch any of weird explorer's youtube videos about all the different fruits he tries. All the different variety bananas depends on one banana is starting to ripe there is a chemical that makes the other bananas in the bunch ripens faster. That is why he separates a banana from the bunch when it starts to ripen so he can make the video and try to do his best to give an accurate review on the fruit.
Maybe the purpose of those hack videos are for you to debunking them. Thank you for the video :D
This was fascinating! Especially about the banana disease, GMO and the ripening process- thanks for the video I definitely learnt something!
Growen? I kinda like it
i love it when she uploads
Honestly people are way to over reactive about gmo’s in food especially considering that most if not all animals and plants that people eat are genetically modified one way or another be it through selective breeding (YES IT COUNTS) or be it through scientists trying to make sure something like this type of banana doesn’t go extinct. Like selective breeding has been going on with animals since humans first started keeping and domesticating animals instead of actually hunting for most of our food and it’s been happening even longer with plants like since before cave people and from what I understand that is actually how lemons came to be a thing a citrus (yes citrus is actually the name of an actual fruit and not just a fruit type) “bred” with an orange (I think) and boom you got lemons. So if anything humans have been using gmo’s to our advantage for centuries before the term “genetic modifier” even existed and they are why most things we eat are the way they are today and people need to get off their high horses and except that it’s a thing that’s gonna happen one way or another.
Me having a sunburn during summer 👁👄👁
THANK YOU for exposing these "life hack" videos! These content farms pump out comical, confusing, and  sometimes dangerous stuff. I try to do my part by NEVER clicking on their videos and reporting them when I can, but they just keep popping up. I wish YouTube and Facebook would just shut their channels down. Keep up the good work Ann
When she started drying that black banana at first I was genuinely like "oh sh*t it works" lmao
That whole banana and chocolate in the microwave sounds greek to me. I'll show myself out.
I literally crave for these debunking videos.
Biotechnology and gene modification is for the benefit of mankind. I don't know why people bring up ethical issues out of nowhere when it's beneficial to them. People must be grateful for the biologists as gene extraction is such a tedious task and to the fact, someone dedicates their lifetime to something that's benefitting the whole humanity..
I'm craving bananas now ☹️
Ann Reardon the DebunQueen!!!
Side note: "Panama disease" (Fusarium wilt) is indirectly the reason why artificial banana flavor doesn't taste like "real bananas". Standardized artificial banana flavoring was developed when the primary variety of bananas exported to and consumed in North America was the Gros Michel cultivar. The last major outbreak of Panama disease forced most banana plantations to switch to Cavendish bananas, which had a less intense aroma and flavor which did not resemble the by-then industry-standard artificial banana flavor as closely. In short, artificial banana flavor tastes like what bananas _used_ to be like - a synthetic record of a "lost" natural flavor.
As a filipino and my country being the first producer of bananas in the world I hope that fungus don't come here it'll be a disaster
You are incredible
Bless Dave's heart! He has unwavering trust and a stomach made of iron.  Ann, you certainly have chosen very well.  You two are just amazing together!  XOXO
I think a lot of people see GMO's as super scary partially since they are not understood.  I think the bigger issue would be not allowing for species diversity. The new modified bananas would become a monoculture and could then be susceptible to another disease. It seems there would always be something to consider or worry about regardless.
I'm so excited on what you're gonna make for this year's gingerbread house ❣️💕
You can still check the links from the lifehacker article on an archive site. The first article only mentions ethylene in it's citations, the next article is an experiment on the browning of apples that doesn't mention ethylene or bananas and the third explains that ethylene is released from ripening fruits and can ripen bananas, but it doesn't explain the wrapping.   ( web.archive.org/web/20130126162517/kukr.lib.ku.ac.th/Fulltext_kukr/KU0296171c.pdf web.archive.org/web/20110412030947/curriculumsupport.education.nsw.gov.au/secondary/science/assets/aifst/Experiments/apple_browning.pdf web.archive.org/web/20060326045053/https://www.biologie.uni-hamburg.de/b-online/e31/31g.htm )
That is the biggest rosemary plant i have ever seen.....but I live in Minnesota.
Eughh the seeded bananas look disgusting
Is it just me or was 5min craft's salt just WAY to big?
lov e how she is so nicewhile debunking
What would she do without poor Dave😂
As someone who is lucky enough to be able to eat bananas that's grown by the locals and therefore don't need to be picked green and go through the ripening process afterward, I've learnt something today. I mean, wow, that's complex.  And some questions: do other fruits have to come through that much of a process to reach the customers too. Yesterday I just laughed at a double-wrapped coconut, since that to me is hilarious, but now I have to rethink it.
I'm glad she continue the Crusade against food misconception  but i hate banana... fight me...
When bananas start to get brown, they are still good! I slice them up and put them in yoghurt, the very sweet bananas go really well with the more sour yoghurt. I also love making a smoothie with just banana and orange juice, kids will love this as well.
"Even monkeys peel bananas" omg 🤣😂
I just don't know if I understand genetic modification well enough to have an opinion in general. In this case, with the potential loss if it's not done, I think I'm ok with it.
People who are against GMO food often forget that loosely defined, almost all food we already eat is GMO.
37 minutes and 6 dislike from 5 minutes craft. I liked the video. But only 6 dislike, How to cook that 🤘Rocks
Let's give a hand to the queen who makes these videos and single-handedly taking down content farms
I love the banana olympic games!  These debunking videos are my favorites to binge and rewatch over and over.
Hey Ann could you please state some vegan substitutes for Meat and dairy products as i've tried so manny of those they all failed, i'm allergic to animal products so please help :)
Only Ann Reardon could make that dreaded banana peel "pulled pork" sandwich work! Gotta love her.
Check the audio. very hard to hear, especially when Dave is eating
My aunt recommended your channel, and let's just say I'm not disappointed :)
GMOs are fine with me, especially if it makes the crops more environmentally friendly or disease resistant. Then again, I've worked in labs for over a decade and made my own share of genetically engineered yeast (to excrete a protein of interest) so I'm not terrible concerned that a diff allele or even a new gene is going to somehow change the safety (barring adding a gene that encodes literal toxin) or nutritional value of a plant.
13:52 where my Greeks at?😂
We are seriously heading towards not only a food but an o2 & Co2 crisis and nothing short of GMO plants will save us. I've heard of trees with a gigantic Co2 to o2 conversion rate and take that gene and transplanting it into other tree species all over the world could do wonders to solve the climate crisis. Of course that's obviously layman's terms and I'm not a plant scientist, but I have faith in the experts that if they can't do that they can at least do something _similar_ . GMOs are the future because we fucked our planet too much for any other alternative.
i think theres a lot of misinformation about GMOs out there. ultimately, it's a Method to improve our food. i think we can gain from it a lot both from things like this and by allowing us to reduce use of pesticides. theres going to be some ethical problems (such as who owns the right to the GMOs) which might hurt farmers, especially those not funded by large corporations, but i think thats something to solve via legislation & not via completely banning them or fearmongering about them. to date ive yet to hear a single compelling reason why it's bad to eat them
It’s 4:15am here in Boston, but Anne posted, so I must watch! Sleep can wait.
Literally every food that we buy commercially is genetically modified. We have been modifying the genes of our food for hundreds (thousands?) of years, long before we even understood genetics. If you're buying your seeds commercially you are also almost certainly dealing in genetically modified food. Imo just bring me a tomato the size of my head.
1 bad sun burn as a teenager?? I fell asleep under the sun in 34,5°C, woke up red and with a blister on my leg. I always use sunscreen after that, but still.
Thanks for the upload! I love watching your videos and they're, like, a big highlight of my week
I´m in favor of genetic modified plants. But I´m also in favor of GM people, so ....
LOVE your hair and holo nails! 5:42 Those are soo cool! 9:26 That looks SOO good! Had no idea about the panama disease. That's wild! Thanks for the information and I mean, I'd give a genetic banana a try no problem. If it's got the same things as a regular banana, why not?
We used to do the banana with chocolate over a fire in the scouts. Its really yummy on a night in the woods.  And its good news about the resistant banana plant! I have heard of such breakthroughs before, but some of those resistant bananas had a different bitter taste (or, so I read).  Very interesting and well done video! Thank you for your continued stream of information :)
it drives me bonkers that folks are against GMOs. bananas as we know them ARE GMOs. period. without genetic modification we wouldn’t have a lot of the produce we have today. tomatoes are another big example.
I’m happy with any bananas that are edible
I cannot believe how cursed wild type bananas are... my skin crawls looking that them
Heya Anne, this was a splendid video! I clicked for the entertainment and I end up a lot more wiser/knowledgeable than I was 29 minutes ago. 😅. Thanks for being that gentle science teacher we all deserve.  On the note of bananas, you should look into the various species available in the southern states of India because we don't eat the Cavendish variety as often as the rest of the world. In my home garden my grandma grows our own bananas (I feel every household that has a back garden will have a bunch of the banana plants)  I am not aware of the scientific name of the species but they smaller in size, and stouter and a lot more sweeter. Another species that my mom loves is actually red in colour and has a firmer consistency even when ripe (she says it's called Kappa banana) and the species that is shaped like the Cavendish but is green even after ripening is called Robusta. There are sooooooo many species of bananas. So even if one goes out due to disease I have a feeling others will pick up. Also I am all for scientists coming together to help find solution to agricultural travesties like disease wiping out a species, like you said its more than us not getting to eat it, it's another person's livelihood.
How many bananas did you use??
I mean when we're talking about bananas in general they have already been so heavily genetically modified what's the point of getting bothered by it if they are even more so.
you are watching more Greek channels than I do! and I'm a Greek living in Greece! and now I remember why I don't watch them! also I apologize 😂 people against GMO are stupid that is that
So why did they put the chili in the banana
The Chocolate-Banana is actually really famous here in Switzerland, but we wrap it in aluminium-foil and put it in a fire or on the grill. It taste actually delicious.😋
really good video, just watched it all the way through.  amazing research effort Ann!!
I loved these videos thank you so much please continue to make them
Yeah just woke up and Anne already posted a video ❤😊
I've had Banana skin dishes before but.. They're made from ash plantain skins and it was quite alright. Not yellow ripe banana skins though 🤢
Oh Scout banana, we used to do it  when we where out  at the camp, just  push chocolate into it, wrap  it  foil and push it against the fire.  I do them in the microwave now.   We didnt have smores, we had  this.
These Videos are always the best.
Thank you Ann this was very insightful
"Even monkeys peel bananas" 😂😂😂
Okay but did those beads make anyone else nostalgic? I definitely remember wearing necklaces made of those when I was like 10!
“Even monkeys peel bananas.” I giggled.
On genetically modified bananas, I'm pretty sure that most food is genetically modified - or at least bread to be a certain way - so I don't see why you'd be against it. If this new banana tastes the same and is just as safe to eat then why shouldn't we. It seems selfish to say that we're not going to eat it and totally cripple poorer countries' economies. I cannot find an argument against it? If someone could explain the counterargument (even if you don't agree with it) I'd be really glad. I literally cannot think of a reason why not to begin eating a genetically modified banana?!
Ben... is that you??
Fun game: Take s shot everytime Ann says bananar 🍌🍌🍌🍺
It's been a long year, you said it!
Omgg Anne I love you and I'm your biggest fan!!
As an Indian I cannot relate to how much emphasis Americans, Europeans and Australian put on using sunscreen and protection from sun. We never used sunscreen as kids i still dont, very few people actually use sunscreen but i feel even though our skin is a lot more tough to handle the sun we should still be telling our kids to protect from sun. We have 48°c easily in summers but I've never got a sunburn, but it must still have seriously damaged my skin i guess. It worries me now that i see people talking about how harmful it is.
Nice video! Dave got some good food!  Also i feel the pain for your aloe vera. Nice video anyway!
That banana with seeds picture triggered my trypophobia.
GMOs are fine to me, especially to save important crops like this one.
The banana is actually the fruit a lot of people use to promote GMO and say that GMO is not as terrible as people think. Because, like you said, wild bananas have those big seeds and without the genetic modifications, we wouldn't have the fruit we know and love today.
5 minutes crafts when Ann posts a video on debunking  be like : Get all our employees , create multiple accounts and start disliking her video . Why?? Because  1. They have shitty content  2. All they do is re upload the same shitty content again and again . So they have got plenty of time on their hands
I don't really like bananas but my boyfriend does. We usually buy a thing of them which I'd keep the waste for my mini garden. I just might need to try the banana skin burger for my boyfriend.
It actually looks like the beads that were rubbed with the banana peel are darker, it could just be me though
Finally some good debunking
Do I like bananas? No! Did I watch this through! Hell yes!
I mean this is a good video, but like it is more informative about bananas than debunking.
i wonder what the banana peels would taste like without the bbq sauce. like would it still be good?
cooked banana is not good? you gotta tell that my mom. she loves it with sugar and cinammon
Cool never knew about Panama Disease. Thanks for the information!
People who disliked this video are from 5 minutes craft
I like GMO, golden rice, the bananas. It is not that different from breeding and it saves life. There is some worries about superbugs (basically  what is happening to some strains of bacteria because of antibiotics) but if we are responsible in our usage it is a problem that should be able to be contained and handled.
The most intelligent woman on YouTube! ❤️
The world needs more people like you Anne
I love dave
4 am and i’m sat here binge watching literally every video on this channel (that i’ve watched a million times before naturally) and a new video gets uploaded 😍🥰 Amazing !!!! As always !!!!!
Love that u don't cheat like other channels.........    💓💓
Love a good debunking 😅 you should do a video on those hot chocolate bombs that are all over social media, they look like they could be a cute Christmas gift 🥰.
Should've mentioned that a banana browning is not a bad thing at all and told people what they can do with those overripe bananas rather than throw them away, would've been a good way to link recipes too. People are afraid of GMO's because they don't understand what it really means and just imagine Big Science is making Frankenstein foods. The banana seeds pictures were strangely disturbing.
I mean genetic modification is natural anyway it just takes longer to change
*sees a pepper weirdly shoved into a banana* I SWEAR...if they're trying to make a banana pepper....!
Im always amazed on how much research you do for your videos, the diaease was something that I was expecting u to talk but I just knew the basics and not the genetic modification that was being made, really educational, thanks for your hard work
There goes Ann saving us from 5-Minute Crafts again! 😂    Honestly, I really appreciate the amount of effort put into these videos. Every once in a while these channels will actually get creative or blatantly steal something that looks quite real! Thank you so much for your patience in all of your experiments!
A video debunking GMO myths would be a great idea
The only reason to eat banana peels I've ever come across is lowering food waste or adding bulk/texture to a recipe. I was spared the burger recipe, my only source for banana peel cooking is Jack Monroe's whole banana chilli sauce.
I love how Dave is always willing to try these strange things, and your sons as well.  Your whole family is just awesome.
I love your content. ❤️ Thank you for giving us new one.🤗 Best wishes from Germany. 🙋🏻‍♀️
I miss the Gros Michel banana. We still got them when I was very little, and they had a different - and superior - flavor to the Cavendish banana. The flesh was creamier and not as mealy, and the flavor richer and more custardy. Hopefully they’ll be able to breed or genetically modify the Gros Michel to be disease resistant and bring back this superior banana someday.
I have never been so early!!
Great video as usual! I'm all for GMO crops since we wouldn't have seedless grapes without them 🙃 I had no idea the banana disease completely ruins the soil! That's very scary.
We do make a dish here in Kerala, India out of raw banana peel . We take a raw banana peel it and keep it aside, the raw fruit is sliced, dried in sunlight and powdered which is an awesome baby food . With the banana peel we first dice them to small pieces and sauté them in coconut oil along with a little mustard seeds , curry leaves , shallots and sliced green chillies . When half cooked a paste of grated coconut  is added , a little garlic paste , turmeric and fennel seeds  .    This dish is called ‘thoran’ which is rich in potassium and fibre.
yes
Very interesting, tk u. C
hello my thots keping me thinking i was thingking and yeah banana's are amezing.
The depressing music during the time-lapse.  C'est magnifique.
I live in Japan and every bunch of bananas I buy come with plastic wrapped around the top. Even the supermarkets are being tricked by these videos! 😳
4:40  Me, who got 3rd degree burns from the sun where my skin bubbled when I was 9:                                    👁💧 👄 💧 👁
Thank you so much for battling the sheer amount of misinformation with some solid, extensive research - watching your videos brings me hope :')
Omg I love these debunking vid there so cool
As someone who got a really bad sunburn when I was younger (ended up in hospital), I can promise that cancer risk is not the only thing that happens after a really bad sunburn.
I love seeing new videos!
Actually the reasoning behind the hanging bananas is to fool the bananas into thinking they're still on a tree
I propose a drinking game, take a shot any time Ann says "Banana"
Me who doesn’t ever eat bananas: yeah I need to know
GMO food has a bad rep due to lack of Education on the topic, sadly.
Anne you should be having so many more subs. It is definitely not easy to do such awesome videos. I remember watching your videos a couple years ago and my genuine reaction was wow 🤩 she does such a good job at cakes and chocolates. Please never stop creating . Loads of love to you Ann.
The sad music over the time lapse 😂 dead. 💀💀
monkeys do NOT peel bananas. they eat it with peel and all.
I always feel so bad for Dave.... 😂
I remember making banana boats (the chocolate and banana one) in the fire pit at scout camp. I bet microwaving doesn't match up to the fire! You wrap it in foil and stick it in the embers and the banana caramelizes and melts together with the chocolate (I liked to add peanut butter, too) and it's rich and delicious and warm, a really cozy fireside snack! Great video, thank you for your debunking work <3
"Look how much the roots have grow-un" gave me Novympia flashbacks 😂 "I've show-un how it's grow-un and the rest is unknow-un".
If it looks like a banana, tastes like a banana it is a banana.   Thought, could this GMO be counted as a vaccine for bananas? Hear me out you add something that helps develop immunity to a disease that something didn't have it. I dunno I'm not a food scientist.
thanks ann! love your videos
"I've showen how it's growen and the rest is unknowen!"
Thank you so much for all the information . you are a Great woman🔥❤️
Who needs fake banana sun protection when you can slip, slop, slap 🌞👍🏼
Did anyone notice when the beads with banana peel on them were exposed to sunlight those got significantly darker than control or is that just me?
My brother and I are slightly allergic to bananas 😂 we didn't used to be, and neither parents are so we have no idea why. I'm also intolerant of the natural sugar in fruit, fructose 😅
6:16 can I just say that was such a smart way to test that hack though-
PEOPLE NEED TO STOP WATCHING THESE CHANNELS  the amount of lying is disgusting
How do you get such a lush large thyme bush? Mine is small and scrawny. Maybe it's the Australian weather. Bananas gone off? I have a good and easy banana recipe.
Ann: **posts** Me: **Up at 3AM, sleepy af, watching the video** Me: Why is that dumb lady wiping her face with banana peel....?
I learned the hard way that leaving bananas in the plastic grocery bag when I got home made the peel soggy and hard to peel. 😔 I LOVE watching your videos! 💜
😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻 😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹 It ended up looking a bit like a spaghetti burger,how interesting,l.o.l.z.~!!!>X"3> 😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹 😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻😻
this is my 1 st favourite channel now
I was wondering where the banana chill went
LOVE YOU DO MUCH ANN!
Adding a gene from one kind of banana to another kind of banana seems to me to be essentially the same as what happens when cross breeding banana plants.     GMO becomes dodgy when mixing genes from inherently incompatible species to make something that could not exist naturally.
The way she made that banana peel burger made me want one myself
When my family went camping we used to cut a slit in bananas and shove chocolate and marshmallows in the middle then wrapping them in foil and putting them in the fire, was dead lush
The banana peel doesn’t work but crushed fresh coconut flesh can if you’re in a pinch. Survival experts will advise if you have no uv protection options in tropical climates, shaving the inside of a fresh coconut to release all the oils and adding a thick layer with all the crushed flesh does work but doesn’t compare to regular sunscreens.
Strawberries go bad worse than bananas do... I never see strawberry hacks tho ^u^ also you guys are so lucky it's sunny in Australia. Here in PA, it's all grey clouds
Ben from Simplynailogical should watch this
I'd love to hear you make a video about GMOs.
i don't think i've ever heard the word banana this many times in my entire life haha
15:57 without context😂😂😂😂
i didnt actuall know there was anything about sunburn in this video, now im realising m chance of melanoma is probably double
Date is a legend.  Great content as always and very informative
I have a banana hack. If they go squishy and you don't wanna eat it like that. Make a Banana Cake.
Hi Ann, I'm a really big fan of your works, especially the clever or never videos https://youtu.be/cCSSxiqsTsg Could you please try the gadgets shown in the video l've linked you in this comment? It would be great if you'd do it because you and Dave are really honest at reviewing the products .. Could you please do it? Pretty please with a cherry on top 🍒
BANANA!
I'm just so impressed about the time, effort and research you put into your debunking videos. You never fail to educate me. Much love from Ghana❤️❤️
Bananas are the universal unit of measurement.
The yellow banana that we always eat are technically modified by humans for thousand of years. Using GMO will just sped up this process. Like in the video if you want natural bananas intended by mother nature eat the ones with seeds.
Or... just buy less bananans and... EAT THEM!!
When we have a barbecue, we barbecue bananas and split them open like that and put in dairy milk chocolate and creme fraiche. It’s surprisingly delicious. They’re done when the banana is black all over!
When I was in the girl Guides we used to put a slit in a banana, slide chocolate or candy melts in the slit, wrap the whole banana in foil and cook it on the campfire. Chocolate and banana was a yummy treat
I love your accent
Ekhem. About GMO. I would like to know how all those "natutal" products lovers would react to the fact that for an example tomatos they buy on the daily basis as "natutal" tomatos, are in fact genetically modified.
I respect her attitude so much... the world is so much better with her in
You are so important. Especially now that our government has starved our abc of making The Checkout.
how do you stay healthy anne
The GMO debate is so tricky, almost more tricky in this situation when we are talking about the genes from one banana transferred to another banana type. It is almost as close to selective breeding as you can get, it isn't like they are inserting the gene for a natural fungicide from a completely different poisonous plant.  On one hand there is still a lot about coding and non-coding DNA that we don't understand, but on the other hand we are learning more every day and we can perform a lot of tests on these bananas to see if they produce any metabolites that are harmful before consumption.  It is a can of worms without getting into the moral and ethical dilemmas because like everything there are often more than two sides to a story.  You could even argue that humans should be more willing to expand into other fruit types which would allow us to move away from monocultures, which can be bad for the environment, and embrace foods that are more idea to each climate and provide better nutrition.  I'll stop rambling now, I am entirely biased because I avoid bananas as I am somewhat reactive to them, and my realm is animal science not horticulture.
I love your channel!!!! ❤
I love when you tie in the debunking with cooking! and also the test with the beads was fantastic. With your videos you always go the extra mile and I appreciate that!
Banana, avocado, mango, papaya, any fruit, when covered, they mature early.
I’m 100% pro GMO
Please never stop debunking videos! My grandmother has been using the cling wrap hack for over a year and never believed me when I told her that it won't work. After she saw this video with me, she finally belived. Thank you so much!!!! Really appreciate the effort you put in making these videos 😃
we love a baking and food science queen!
You have to be VERY careful about eating banana skin if you have a latex allergy!!!!
Never thought that there is a special process to make bananas yellow after they get delivered. Now I wonder how would a naturally "yellowed" banana would taste like. Thank you for the video, very interesting.
*i love when she does theses videos*
You have to actually place it inside a plastic so that it'll get ripe easily. It should be a plastic that can be closed and it's gonna show some vapors. You did that there. 😅  We do that with the green bananas at home here in the Philippines when we want to make boiled bananas cooked with coconut milk. It tastes really good. I miss it so much.   It's the type of banana that can be made into chips. We have a banana plant at home and we harvest from it every few months.
YES GMO’s are one of the key answers to world hunger.
Poor Dave 😂
Amazing as always mum!
saving people livelihood is more  important to me then gmos.
Its so sad about the banana disease I can't believe I've never heard about it before!!
Thank you for entertaining me through my insomnia
I actually thought the zombie banana was just played backwards but then I realised there’s no way it could’ve turned black that quickly
I got 2  30 second unskipable adds
Wow nice video but part of your appeal is your calm voice but it's not so calm when you're unhappy about bad hacks, and i like this type of video, but not sure you'll get new subscribers this way IMHO  💜💜💜
12:21 한국사람들이 찾을 부분 ㅋㅋ
I have seen the banana hack of aloes before at a plant related site. But they were suggesting to put the banana peel in the aloe soil.
That was such a sad timelapse XD
Hey Ann a ASMR series would be much appreciated......love ur voice 💗
You seperate the false from the truth and I love your videos for that!! ❤️🤠
Video quality and content great as always. The audio is driving me nuts though.
The chocolate bits in the banana is a treat I used to get when I was younger! But we normally put aluminium foil all around it and then put them in the oven!  Also worked on camping trips if the fire pit had a grill!
I like spotty bananas
You just don’t understand 5-minute crafts. Planting a chili inside a banana-watermelon planter will spawn a banili, a spicy banana chili hybrid that only 4 are existing because of the hard technique.
When the banana go black and creamy, it´s time to cook the banana and do banana sweet. Love it!
Ur soooo creative 😘
Darn, this was a learning curve! I just love this channel!
Is it just me or is the audio in this video a bit too soft?
One of my and my mothers favourite youtuber 🙌👏
I love these videos!!
Every time, I get a kick out of you making weird recipes and saying 'Let's give it to Dave to try.'
I salute you for the amount of research and care you pour in your videos!
can you be my mum please?
after the timelapse i gagged... ouf sorry
I love these videos glad you made another one :D 🍌🍌
make a video about cooking simulator
If you put chocolate into a banana and grill it its actually pretty good
“Banana is the world’s favourite fruit” reject modernism, embrace monke
The best way to conserve bananas are eating them right away. About gmo.. we are eating them since  ancient Egypt/1866 The first studied? Gmo made by Gregor Mendel.. It's always happened. Nothing bad about it.Almost every plant in earth is gmo, natural and human made.
>:( hmph. More like worlds nastiest fruit. (Proceeds to hatewatch the cursed fruit)
😂👏
😂👏
I never throw away my brown bananas. They are ideal to cook! Banana cake, banana pancake, curry with banana, ... And the chocolate banana is really yummy, but I cut the banana in half and put it on the grill. Tastes also good without the chocolate!
your amazing, ive kind of been binge watching ur videos along with other cooking videos dreaming to cook but i cant due to severe sunburns all over my body (swollen face) but love a videos keep it up
im early
It's funny how you put your VPN to Greece, while I, a Greece resident, have chosen mine to be in Australia😂
Your reliable cheerfulness is helping me get through the heartbreaking and devastating loss of three people I love, including two children.  Thank you for being such a gem!
Pleaseeeee like this comment Ann I lovvvveeeee you content thanks so much for helping people not waste their time and money on these debunking videos🐨💜
Dave was lucky this time! love from India
Ur audio.is also.super.low
I was eagerly waiting for this debunking video.
only for ann will i not skip a sponsor!! as always i love it. i hope you like making these kinds of videos!!!
I love your videos plz like this Ann
They can unripen bananas, I can't wait for a lifehack video where they resurrect a human
14:05 I'd like to disagree. Cooked banana is delicious and definitely there's a reason to cook that. Fried banana is tasty. Just chopped the banana. Make a thick batter. Put the chopped banana in. Take a spoon and just fried a clump of it.  Or, have you tried banana roast? Take an unripe banana, roast it over a charcoal, no flame, flatten it with a big board or a big flat of a knife, roast a bit, then make a sauce from brown sugar and coconut milk. Just melt and disolve brown sugar to your liking and then add coconut milk and a touch of salt. Just pour the sauce over the banana and put a little bit of cheese and that's it. Try it
message to all the old banana throwers  you do know that there is something called banana bread right? just put it in that
About the banana going extinct scientist are probs going to get a bit of DNA from a different plant that isn’t affected by the disease and ik Anne you were saying this as I was typing but ik people are reading the comments first
I love your videos!!!
I'm finnaly early
Not gonna deny. I might as well try this banan peel barbecue burger.
Oh my God!! I love you Ann for doing so much research just for 1 video... Love from India..♥️♥️
We love you, Ann!!
"even monkeys peal bananas" Dave 2020
When I was in Girl Guides, we'd split a banana and put chocolate in it, wrap it in tin (aluminium/aluminum) foil and bake it!
GMO is the future. with so many new diseases and viruses coming, we need to specifically built resistance  towards it
Will #YouTube and #Google ever ban #ContentFarms??? They're destroying the platform and hurting not only content creators but also viewers and even advertisers.
Wow Ann, thank you for doing the UV experiment. There are also “natural” folks who don’t believe in sunscreen and call it a chemical. Even celebrities. Such fake claims would appeal to them. It’s so dumb for people to make such ridiculous false claims that put peoples’ lives at risk. Education on UV protection is so important.
We actually used to do that cooked banana thing on Girl Guide camps. We'd wrap a banana in foil and chuck it in the coals. The main meal was usually "beef chow mein", which was noodles, cabbage, onions, beef mince and stock powder. I used to think it was amazing. Mind you, we were so hungry that I suspect that anything would have tasted good.
Chocolate Banana is really gross to me.... We made them wrapped in tinfoil on a fire and some people thought it was really good.... Just not my cup of tea
That’s funny we used to do that chocolate with banana thing when we went camping we would wrap them up in foil and put them in a campfire until the chocolate had melted and we called them banana boats. You can also add mini marshmallows.
This is fascinating!
I study genetics, hoping to work in research, so definitely for GMOs! It's the way forward
✨its packaging✨
I did 76 total comments on the videos of Ann and 11 got a ❤️
That beads idea was such a creative way to test the UV exposure!
Please collaborate with Simply Nailogical
the banana industry thanks you for your service
we
Excuse me 4 dislikes?? I love her btw ❤ never been this early
1 bad sunburn can lead to melanoma  *screams in tanacon"
People need to know 5 minute crafts are morons trying to get money
G'day ann!
I was waiting for this
I've no idea about the ethylene but growing up I was always told to avoid breaking up the bunch because they age faster if more of them is exposed to the air. Have you ever tested 'single banana vs bunch of bananas'?
and what if they make this into an official tv series
This show how dangerous misinformation is. Love your works!
Finally Dave didn't throw up testing food for Ann's videos.
2020: 5816
Your sons must be scared seeing banana all around the house.
Thank you for the nord VPN deal love ur videos ❤❤ hope ur 2020 is going well
Chokolate bananas are really popular here in Finland, but the process is a little differrnt but long story short: just cut a slit in the banana and shove chocolate in, put the peel back on and put it in foil, then put it on a fireplace for a minute and then enjoy! I don't like warm banan though....
"one bad sunburn doubles your chance of melanoma" me: "one?? what about every summer of my childhood??!😣
Ann please do something related to chocolate
I love this series. You're investigative journalism is A++! I mean- so are all your Recipes but I think this series protects people from dangerous misinformation! <3
Whoa, I am quite early! Love your videos Ann, I have been watching your videos for 5 years now. I agree with the content farm problem, I have been seeing 2 or 3 videos per month for these farming channels to notice any change but in vain. But the comments are like, "Who only watches these videos but never does them please like" but no one addresses the problem. This problem has also come to other channels who do streams, especially Among Us. I have gone through 50 streams everyday and what do I see?  A whole bunch of loopers, while real streamers are pushed down. I'm just annoyed. (I get that it's not the same but this falls into this category) It's sad how true youtubers like you are slowly dying out unlike 5 years ago, when you were flying. The Youtube algorithm doesn't seem to care about this small community of honest people. Hope you come back on top soon.
"zombie" bananas are great for making banana bread/cakes. I can't believe people would waste them :/
3 content farm channels have disliked this video so far...
Back up the truck... that microwave banana with chocolate? Here in Scouts (Girls and Boys) territory we call that a Banana Boat. True, we slit the banana, insert chocolate (sometimes insert mini marshmallows too), wrap it in foil, and cook it in fire (not microwave it), but....   No joke? Been making that treat since the 80s.
Love Ann love your video your my inspiration for cooking love you so much love to cook for my family because you encouraged me to cook and bake
Dave: Its been a long year  *war flashbacks for those inedible foods dave have eaten*
Me, watching banana peel-barbecue thing:   "Please have mercy on Dave..."
What happened to the Apple in the bag
I think it is important to note that the banana peel eating was probably more used when food was more scarce.
Hey Ann did Dave ever have been on mortortrend? :D I saw him on one :D (pls notice)On a advertisement
I love how in depth you go! I appreciate your research and explanations !
I’m early! Eeee loving the debunking vids! Edit* The amount of research you put in doesn’t go unnoticed! You reintroduced a lot of thoughts and ideas I forgot or didn’t think about. Great work Ann!
wow the Icard was like BANNANA ARTICLES idk why but that makes laugh 😆
Please increase the sound
"Even monkeys peel bananas."      Well monkeys don't have copious amounts of bbq sauce now do they?
Dave: “🤔OoO _saucyy_ baby” 😂Cracked up at that response lol
Have a great weekend Ann
Bless Dave
FREE DAVE
Welp... Silver lining we can keep enjoying how tocook that as long as they keep making fake hacks lmao
Hi
I really like ur the editing... And I really liked the stop motion intro from videos before. Anyway...thanks for making great content.
Disclaimer- A LOT of bananas were harmed in this video Btw, I love your videos soo much Ann! Love from India!
Did they just waste such a good banana?
The one thing I can’t understand: why is it so hard to show true life hacks? Is it really so necessary to lie?
I'm going bananas over this video
10 to 9 in the morning but I had to watch it lol
It’s almost 4 a.m here but I can’t help but watch her videos, I love them all so much
Hell yeah another Ann video.  BTW love ur videos
The banana-chocolate-microwave trick was in greek and i actually had to pause for a moment and process it because as a Greek, that's the last thing i expected XD
*Simply Nailogical has entered the chat*
Much love from sudan <3
Love whenever you pop up on my sub feed, great content as always. I always make sure to engage with a comment and like because of the way content farms are pushing out the legit creators like Ann, anyone who loves Ann and reads this should too if they can!
I was expecting the banana peel to taste astringent, thank goodness it's not so that Dave doesn't have to suffer from another bad food
Content farms: that's a nono Ann debunking vids: that's a nana 😀
Like avocados mangos also have same concentration
rip all the bananas that were used
Yippee!!! Debunking is one of my fave segments of yours 😍
God bless you ma'am! Keep peeling them scammers
Those rotten fruits time lapse feels like how my life is going
That plant is an elephant ear, by the way. In case you were wondering. I thought you might be interested in identifying it.
queeeeeeen👑👑
Hi ma’am i am a 11 year old fan of yours. I started watching your videos recently and I used to watch 5 min craft and always used to think that I would try someday (of course with adult supervision) and thank god I found your channel . I actually gained some knowledge by watching your videos because of your logical explanation. Much much ❤️ from India 🇮🇳. Pls make more debunking videos.
8:55 Anne: I don't want this to taste bad for Dave. Also Anne: Feeds Dave charcoal ice cream, egg-banana jelly and bugs
Is it a coincidence that I was thinking about you and then YOU UPLOAD?? ARE YOU A TELEPATH? 🌌
I love the idea of using those beads for the sunsafe experiment!! those beads were my childhood lmao
incredible research in this one Ann!!
woah she tasted it before she gave it to dave
8:26: "Lets cook it up and give it to Dave to try."  MY REACTION: "Of course, of course, I wouldn't have expected anything less." 😂🤣  Maybe Dave should have a new nickname: BRAVE DAVE. Seeing as he tries these "interesting" recipes.
*_F A K E - B A N A N A - L I F E - H A C K S_*
Wow, this video was posted in 15 minutes and there's 2 dislikes already.      I bet those dislikes are from 5 minutes craft lol
Those UV beads r AWESOME!!!!!
Hai ann ... i wasnt so early until today
Yes, debunk 5MC's crap videos! You're doing Quob's work.
Hey ann
I've been up all night and I was about to go to sleep but now I'm watching this video. Thanks!
Sound is a bit soft, please crank it up!
TIL banana peels are edible
Even monkeys peels bananas 😂😂😂😂😂
angry comment incoming: You CAN'T do the experiment like that because the ethylene gas from the control banana without its ends covered is going to affect all the other bananas, therefore, they're all going to get ripened because of those 2 bananas
5 Likes 67 Coments and 0 views
Who in their right mind could possibly believe rubbing a banana on your skin is an alternative for sunscreen?
Woohoo a new vid even tho i dont cook much. Love you 💜💜💜
I don't know whether or not it's just the camera (angle) playing tricks on me, but it looks like the beads with banana rubbed on them turn MORE colorful than the plain beads, meaning the banana beads absorb more UV, meaning it more dangerous to rub banana on your skin than not to do it...
Love your content! 🤩 love from US 💕
You Deserve the Ruby Playbutton more than 5 Mins Craft
Hey Ann. I live in America, it's nearly 3am, I work at 7am tomorrow, and I'm still gonna watch!
wtf 15 minutes? i'm early for a video ? wow
They got the banana hacks      The world is over
I didn't want this video to end😭  Lots of love Ann!
I really like your blouse. Where did you get it? (Also i loved the video. Bananas are content farm paradise)
I have noticed that the leaf they used in the banana and leaf hack is a dragon tail plant not just a simple leaf you cut and put it on the banana. But thank u for you concerns behind those false hacks
Ann is back
"Saucy baby" 😁
It's interesting, because my family used to wrap the top of their bananas when I was growing up. I suspect we may have picked it up from my grandma. We would use the plastic the bananas would come in, and then hang them. This was before the 2000s, when the internet was still quite young.
so early!!! hi Ann!!!
Oml the banana hacks lol thank you for this it drives my brain crazy seeing these with out proof and they're just so ridiculous lol
12:30 I thought it was reversed
Aloe sitting in a rotten banana:  :(( Aloe back to the soil:  :))
Omg poor dave he is really really well nice and funny well   Award to dave for the best word of 2020 - sAuSY BabY
to everyone who wants a plant leaf to grow roots just like they claimed in the third hack: the leaf has to have a node (a part of the stem that is a little bit thicker) in order to grow roots, but not every plant can be propagated with this method, so google it! if your plant has a node, you can just pop it in some water and it will grow roots:) btw, the leaf in the video is a monstera deliciosa leaf which can actually be propagated in water, so if it had a node and they hadn't put it inside a banana, this would have worked🌱
Here before 400 comments on a How To Cook That video. My greatest accomplishment...
I wish Ann was my home-ec teacher
omg ive never been this early!!! ann has quickly become one og my fave youtubers ever since i discovered her debunking videos <3
13:50 first good "hack", we used to do this on campfires with the girl guides, youd wrap the banana in tin foil and chuck it on the embers for a few mins
11 days of stinky bananas in the house?? Ann sacrifices so much for us
I’ve just come off a nine hour Black Friday shift and a new debunking video was the exact thing I needed to lift my mood, thanks Ann :-)
Shit. Im late by 13mins 😥
Watching kitchen hacks event hough I don't cook
we should start a go-fund me for her husband. He's traumatized and has PTSD from her giving him poisonous food.
Love your channel, you tort me how to spot fake videos. Been watching you for a while. Highly recommend this channel
I died at the tentacle 😂😂😂
Dave w/o the hat looking kinda fresh
Honestly I refuse to believe that drugs aren't involved in the creation of these fake life hacks videos I mean really...how else do you come up with some of these things?? Ann is amazing for taking the time to debunk them.
I love Ann! Like genuinely adore her
I wasn’t expecting this to have been posted this early!
1:50 god her finger is WAY too close the knife!
best content to watch in the middle of the night
Hi Ane Reardon, I just want to say that I love yur videos! Keep the good work going
Those roots are not from another plant, they're probably just water roots. Lots of thin roots to take in water from the soil (or glass of water) quickly so the plant doesn't drown. A plant that has grown in better environment would have stronger, thicker roots. Also the leaf they stuck in the banana doesn't seem to have any root nodules, it probably wouldn't even grow.
Awesome Ann! Looking forward to your Debunking Christmas Video already!!!! 😃😃
My guinea pigs LOVE banana peel and always give me dirty looks if i have a banana and dont give them the peel. I think they would be very offended if i ate it.
i cant believe that youtube hasn't done anything to 5-minute crafts
i missed seeing a new debunking video😍
I’ve never been so early before 😍
Dave saying don't throw away good food 💀💀
Yess
Yt should ban em
Never trust *"5-Minute Crafts"* and similar channel They're not looking to make your life easier, they're looking for easy money & clicks and make your life harder if you follow their _"life hacks"_  I actually didn't expect Dave to like the banana peel lol xD
bananba
Yes finally another debunking video, these are my favourite
Let's give it Dave to try  Why did I see it coming
hi
31 veiws, 28 likes 9 comments, don't see any comments  youtubes doin its thing again i've been waiting for more debunking  I only watch your ones
Yessss, she is back at the time I needdd
🙂👌
Nice.. Because a Monstera grows roots from a leaf without any stem or aerial root😂
Ann, you are absolutely the most patient chef I have ever seen, loads and loads of love......I love baking a lot too but I am not that good yet...........you are a really positive and charming person ever............one lil question.......you cook and bake sooooooooo much, who eats all of that?? Anyways Trillions of gallons of love🧡🧡🧡🧡  Pls pls give me a heart Ann.......plsssss
Love seeing Aussie representation on YouTube!
Looking at the control vs the banana beads, I think the beads actually go darker than the control group which implies that it not only doesn't protect, but is worse for you than nothing
Much respect to Ann Reardon!
"Forgot sun cream? Perhaps move out of the sun? 🙆💁" I laughed way too much at this 😂😂😂❣️❤️
I love your videos Ann! They're really informative and useful for people. Thank you!
I caught that random ocotopus shot. Did you?!  P.S GMO's are fine.
Nanners
Love you!!
Oh, thank you Ann. You made my day. Greetings from Hannover /Germany
Thank you for helping the community with actual proper information
Love your videos Anne!
Poor Dave 🤣 He now has trust issues 🤣😄🤣
Love your debunking videos Ann! 😍😍
Everyone- They may have bad hacks which look satisfying but are dangerous but we have ANN
Finally another video!
Poor Dave!  Can’t believe the things he has to eat.  Much love to you Dave! ♥️
incredible episode Ann and almost 30mins long ... it's almost a documentary!!
I love your channel your my favorite person ever love from the uk 💞💞💞
Thank you for being someone who cares about the people watching, Ann! You always tell the truth and you always think like people will actually make my recipes - a crazy thing on YouTube I know...
there are too many banana hacks on this platform...like...what
Here it is! Of course the claims are ridiculous by 5 Minute. But it's great fun to see it debunked.  _Ed.: I meant to add earlier: I did know about the Panama Disease impending disaster but hadn't heard any new developments in efforts to stop it, until your report. I'm not a fan of GMO foods that are _*_sold to the public before they've been tested for a minimum of 20 years._*_ I don't like it when they engineer a frankenfood to create a "new" kind of whatever with a whole new flavor, or the like. Using science to save a food, however, is what I think genetic modification should be about. Thanks for all your research, so much better than the facile and trite bubblegum videos that only uncritical children will swallow wholesale. They are, of course, the very people they aim for and who should never be allowed to watch them._ (271)
I was looking at your channel a few minutes ago hoping for a debunking video AND YES GOD HAS LISTENED
Damn... When you we're casually strolling trough your recommendations and your accidentally early
The thing I'm happy about most is that this video is 30 mins long.♥️😊 It must've taken Ann weeks to make this. Great job, Ann👍 P.s love Ur holographic nails. Remind of last week's video holographic 🍫
Yaaaaaas im early! Glad i stayed up late
Ann is trying to send you a message Christine...... First Holo chocolate and now bananas😂😂
The despicable me Minions- _it's free real estate_  Also I LOVE YOUR VIDEOS ANN!!! ♡♡♡ keep going
Ive heard plantain peels are better than banana peels for the vegan pulled pork but im not going to eat either
Love from France Ann
It doesn´t matter that in my country is 5:40 AM, Ann videos are more important
Loved this video! Also really hoping you'll win at the streamys
Imagine going to McDonalds and ordering a burger and all you get is a bun with banana peels covered with sauce in it.
It’s 1:39 am right now for me. Who cares! It’s Ann!
I think I watch these videos primarily to see her beautiful relationship with her husband *-* I'll riot if I don't get a marriage like that.
Hi
Finally I'm not not early
Yes!! Been waiting for another debunking video!!! I love you so much ann! you're so entertaining!
maybe they thought banana was UV protective because they saw banana boat sunscreen and thought banana was the active ingredient.
Insomnia was good to me for once and I caught your video early! Always so entertaining and educational!
Please see the clips I have sent on Instagram please it's @aagam.b_22426
I was waiting for this! Hope you and your family is safe. ❤️❤️
your amazing ann i am ushaly never this early so i dont have much els to say lol
It’s just past midnight where I am, but who cares lol, when the anti fake hack queen posts I’m there
Wooowww - its only been 7 mins and the amount of views 😲 CONGRATS!!!
ily. Can you debunk more so yummy videos, please?
half an hour video from Ann????? YES PLEASE!!
Please tell Dave we truly appreciate his suffering on our behalf.
use this as a BEFORE 10 MINS button.
I am actually came in less than an hour YESSS!
SimplyNaiological and BEEYYEEEN entered the chat
I dont like banana butvi like other fruits
No body  Ann - debunking earth don't rotate it jumps
Thanks for debunking these stuff! Now people don’t have to spend hours trying to do them and relise that it is fake! :) ( ͡o ͜ʖ ͡o)
473 views 178 likes 0 dislikes (as it should) 187 comments   Wow, for the first time whenever I'm early, someone took away YouTube's beer and vodka mix
Clicked on this notification quicker than my dad left after seeing the positive pregnancy
me crying becauce i love bananas and 5 min crafts is so wasteful for natures gifted fruit and give fake hacks
The fact that I am eating a banana while watching your video 😂🍌
I've always wanted to know what really happened to those plant hacks using bananas. Thanks Anne! 😁
Who in their right mind puts a chilli inside a banana in a watermelon filled with soil
The one person that disliked this video meant "Dis, I like."
Yasss another video!
Never been this early
isnt it late for people in the us?
Fun fact: nobody has finished this video without skipping yet.       Of course this comment won’t make sense in half in hour tho.
Love these debunking videos! I'm usually late to your videos because it's 12:30 am when you post in my time, but I stayed up today xD love watching your videos!
Aye aye soo glad to see this new debunking video!!!!!! btw... I wonder if Ben from Simply's is watching the video😂
What a great way to start the weekend with a new video from yours truly - thank you! Hope you and your family are staying safe over there. Greetings from fake Australia (austria :P)
6 mins late 🙁🙁
That one dislike is by the video she was debunking
Never been so early!!! By the way, can you react to tasty?
this was so very hlpful ann ;-; thanks
hello again♡♡
hi ann readon im a new subscriber in ur channel
Yessss new debunking!!!! Love this series!!!!!
I never thought I would watch a video about banana life hacks
Go on then debunk em all!! Absolutely love this
I have never been this early before
Indian Squad  /👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻👇🏻
Nobody, no one ever:  Five minute crafts: PuT a cHilli in A banAnA ANd PLaNT iN a wAtER mElOn
NOOOOOO!!!!!  IM FIVE MINUTES LATEEE!!!!! TvT
Yay!  I'm early😁😃
Ayyy, it’s the only Aussie Youtuber I know with a heathy sleep schedule
Love yaa
Yeessss i love your debunking videos💞
wow iam early love u from pakistan i always try to make something but eventually fail
Wow 4 minutes early! 💕love from Australia 🇦🇺
What's wrong with the notification :v... This is 4 mins ago
What a great time to have opened youtube
Yes! One of my favorite youtubers has updated!
Yay 4 min
It's 3:35 Am how- Lucky time to be awake lol
Omg hi Ann!!! I love you and support you! Please keep your family safe and healthy! ❤️❤️
I learn something new evrytime I watch your vids. YOU ARE AMAZING!! more people should know about you
im not supposed to be awake but i guess i am now...
Hello from Texas!
Ahahha there are banana makeup hacks also😂😂
Early! I love your videos so much I watch them everyday and I get so excited when your new videos come out! Loads of love from the UK ❤️
It's 12:35 AM
Hi
the aloe on that banana picture was clearly photo-shopped in.
Staying up till 2:00 am is worth watching this. Love this channel, one of my favorite s. 😍😍❤️
Your majesty
Never clicked faster
It’s 2:35 am for me— yea I’m still gonna stay up and watch this
I'm sorry I'm not able to watch it right away 😞
Love this series so much  Great work Ann
yay woohoo I love these type of videos
I love your channel!! Love from Lithuania! 🇱🇹
Hello Ann. Love you a lot. I'm always super happy when I get to watch the video a little early.. love your videos..  Lots of love from India ❤️ ❤️
Love your vids and your facts love from india
Hi Ann I am Varsha and I love your recipes and I helped my mother to make your holographic chocolate recipe I loved it a lot and it looked beautiful
Yay! Early🤩🤩 Love your videos🥰
ANOTHER DEBUNKING VIDEO! Its good that you popularized this type of videos it raised awareness to others
I tried a bunch of these and my bananas all still went rotten
Love your videos but a bad timing for your American viewers! It’s 2:30! All in jokes but wow! I wonder then time difference between us.
Great video! Love these.
Ahh I love these debunking videos so much!
Finally early.
i am ones again asking for your like support
my queen
Yeeeeerrrs. My favorite debunking videos! 😇 Hi Anne
EARLLYY hey! It’s 2:33 am over here!haha lol I love ur channel
Is it 3am? Perhaps. Should I be sleeping instead of watching this? Maybe. Am I watching this anyways because this channel is amazing? 100%
Who's from India  Like here   👍🏻 👇🏻
*that moment when you realise, you're a banana, and your family is being cut, peeled and eaten*
I miss banana Nesquick!
Sending virtual hugs to anyone who needs it 😊
I’m early wow! This is reminding me of simply nailogicals video with Ben where they just did troom troom banana hacks, which I loved just as much as I love this video 🥰
early
I really love your debunking viral videos
Yas more debunking lol
Finally a video this made my week
Was so impressed by the holo chocolate
Hi I love watching your videos loads of love from India 🇮🇳😊
I’ve been binging these and then she uploads🙈❤️
Early ones here!
its 230 am and I'm working on Christmas commissions,  this is perfect !!
Finally another debunking vid!!!
Yesssss. Finally here before a 1000 views! You are like our favorite YouTube mom <3
Love from South Africa. Loove all your videos, not just the debunking vids lol
Ann you are one of the best you tubers I know
early! shout out plz love you ann
I was about to go to sleep but never mind mind😂😂😂
I've been watching your videos pretty much since you started years ago. I never miss a video I absolutely love all the things you do!!
I know I’m not the only when that clicks immediately when I get the notification. Be so excited 😛
Notification squad!!!! been waiting for your new  videos:’) greetings from Indonesia!
AAAAAAAAAHHH. I've never been so early  before~
love this one!  That zombie banana hack is still quite ingenious ... even if it is FAKE!! 🤣
its 3:33 am but i love Ann’s videos way too much!❤️
NOTIFICATION SQUAD! Live your Videos Ann! Been watching your videos for a few years now! Keep up the hard work! ❤️
Its not my fault youtube notified me late
The last time I came this early I ended up paying child support.
Im ur biggest fan!
Here in the first 3 minutes
And especially the bananas
Wow I saw this fast!
😂 lol Anne love ur vids also have you see troom troom  banana hacks they get more and more pointless but even more hilarious
Yes Ann! Watching here in the UK and I'm ready to watch you debunk some 'hacks'
School holidays!
early as heck today!! love from Bulgaria <333
I LOVE THESE VIDEOS! They Are SO Entertaining to watch and they teach us!
never been 3 mins early
Thanks for awesome content!
Oh my God. EARLY. Love you Ann. My friends and family love you. Love from India❤️❤️❤️
I love eating bananas
Not first but not last.....            Im early :D
YES, keep debunking, keep up the good fight
Tag me please
I’m not first I’m not last   BUT IM EARLY
28 minute video?? wowww <3
Yayyyy 👍
Chili in a banana..........         wHy tHo
EARLY
Early!!!
Hello i dare u to pin this
I am kinda early but love ann readon
When recommendations are faster than notifications
Sup everyone
LOVE THE DEBUNKING VIDEOS
Lol. Banana hacks.
if I get ten likes I'll confess to my crush
Yay another new videooo
Love from Singapore
Earrlyy. So exciteddddd
Yehey...favourite...debunking😍😍😍
am i the only one who watches  the video before  going to  the comment
Bananas - The World’s Favourite Fruit filled with Potassium
Yeayy early (not first you jack-head)
I love bananas, they are yummy
I haven’t watched the video yet but I know it is gonna be amazing!!!!!
I love bananas
Living for Ann's debunking videos!! Love you Ann!!
I love these debunking videos!!
I love your debunking 😁 and always wait for it😄
Early! Finally.
I'm early yaay.
Love you!!!!!
Was waiting for another debunking video 😄
Early!
IM TYPING THIS FROM INDIA  AND IM EARLY
Early for the first time everrrr
Early! love your channel! ❤️❤️
Hi!
You’re a national treasure and I’m not even Australian
Life goal - be ann's friend
Hi
I have been awaiting this...
Wooo
omg another debunking video...been waiting for quite some time...thanks ann...im from malaysia btw 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
Gee cool video❤️
Your videos are very entertaining =]
Love your content!!!! The Debunking Cooking Queen!!!
I don’t really like banana and today is my dads birthday and I followed your recipe
yoooo
ooooh yas! we've missed you!!!
Hii !  I’m a big fan! Love your content
I had to be up at 0330 in the morning to catch this early. ☺ Love this channel!!!
Yay I am early. Love you Ann. 😊😊😊
I LOVE DEBUNKING
i love bananas
Early!❤️❤️❤️❤️
Haii first time commenting in one of ur videos!
E
Yo
Greetings from Hong Kong! Love vids like this ❤️
Nice, just in time 👍
I came before YouTube even updated lol.
Anne, do you watch cricket ?
Early birds~
i love your videos! lol i came here too early.. and ann, do you have kids?
Yes! another debunking video, these are amazing, ann!
wow this early holy crap
AYYYYYY, I’M EARLY, LESGOOOOOOOOOOOOO
early boysssss
keep up the hard work!! much love iv'e been watching for 4 years now!
earlyy!! What's the point of wasting fine bananas for useless thing?! Why would you they do that?
I am one of your loyal subscribers :D I don't like other YT-bers debunking But yours .... **Chefs kiss** Hehehe
yesssssss early to my fave type of ur videos <333
Merry Christmas! 🎄
Early crew!☺️
46 seconds?! that was a lucky time to open youtube holyyy
not me watching this at 12:30
So excited for thos video!! 😊❤
Yeh another debunking video. Love this series Ann.🥰🙂
Hi Ann. You are amazing  Love your videos!!!
hi
Eeeeeey! Luv you lady! Much love from the US
2nd. Love you Ann
new debunking, hell yeah
Early pog?
Happy Friday, Ann.
First comment
damn I've never been so early
♥
