#Ad - Use my link to play War Thunder now and get access to a large, free bonus pack including premium vehicles, boosters, and much more https://playwt.link/torvestars
“I think we have the first one!” Literally says that in chat 😂
Can someone explain about the reset? I haven’t played osrs for about a year has my account been reset?
Buying cowhides 100ea
Of course don't throw the video away please don't it's just a representation
fasir helm
Do you just like play rs all day?
whats the poiint of fresh start servers if its not permanent? hard pass, im not gonna get fooled into a 15 year old duped eco after the 3 months of 'fresh start servers' are over - there's a reason so many are ironmen (to hide from that eco)
Got me wanting to play again dammit
Love the videos man, but why does every content creator include KempQ? Man RWT his gold which directly encourages botting. Idk why you all still involve him, is he paying you with his RWT gains?
i just seen oda pk the rank1always guy and hes rank 2 below torvesta that funny
Miss this game so much!!
That fresh feeling, never gets old... sadly we do.
Archers ringk
Excuse me upload a new vid ty
What do yo mean RuneScape was reset??!!
brings back memories
Shows how much the Runescape economy is controlled by bots. Without bots farming all the supplies, things are actually worth money now since real people have to farm it.
Love how noob ass pkers like you using fresh start worlds like it's dmm it was meant for new players
I am here to propose content! Since a there are a lot of new players, do a video where you guide a random newcomer through the game. Its free content (especially if the guy is funny) and has a good audience.
Uhm ring and bracelets aren’t 6 figures 😂
Im so happy youre promoting war thunder. Its such a sick game. Been playing forever
Glories for 210k..._____'s Economy
Your vids are great but I'm really not feeling The Vibe anymore. You should ask Ash O'Connor how you should handle that, I'm sure he has some great tips.
I want longer vids
No donations, no swapping? Finally. Nice to see someone finally not swapping in 2b to get a mystic set a few hours before everyone else
SORRY FOR SAYING THIS BUT the way you make videos. Is awesome! You make them the same way you want to see other videos right? Its like, I treat people the way I want to be treated. But thank you for making good content<3
FSW Zerker PK content up next? Hellllll yeah
You have the worst upload schedule if any YouTuber.
Not today sonny Jim🤣
Torvesta, loving these videos, but I NEED!!!!!!!!!!!! the next HCIM wilderness content bro!
Goddamn v shred commercials make me sick with his garbage
Great video as always man! In the future would you ever consider a 24 hour attempt to see just how much money you could make PK'ing? Would certainly be a lot less world hopping, and could be potentially fun if you just do account builds you like.
Can you do a updated how to PK guide and speak about which builds are dominant in osrs pvp?
❤
That ladder escape was nuts....
i only ever played runescape classic back in 2000/2004 and did alot of staking/pking. Your videos are great and its interesting  to see how runescape is played in this day and age
Get off RuneScape Chronicles & make videos WEEEEEKLY!!! I’ll rematch you so you can gain some dignity back - You can’t let some level 106 kill you on your main account Torvesta (I’m Mccunes friend) We fought full DH and they bet money I’d kill you - We won ;) I didn’t give you a rematch because I had 3 people pulling me away from the computer (Late to go bar hop in San Francisco) I’ll be willing to fight again soon! Let’s make it more fair though? But I’d still be down/honored to fight against your main Torvesta again.. I mean, K I L L
I wanna try freshworlds but I feel like since I'm late there's no point
Bird nest where’s the hcim?
6:20 type of scenes is the reason i like every torvesa video
Love it
I remember when cannon balls WERE REALLY  400-500gp each lol
God Damn Torvesta you're a fucking BEAST at pvp in runescape lmao AND even running from pvp you're a fucking beast. 4,000 iq play on the ladders.
I recently downloaded osrs on my pc the other day and spent 1 hour just doing a few levels on attack, archer, fishing and cooking lol I forgot how grind worthy this game is lol
ive played rs since 2005 but i cant fathom the idea of starting over and over and over and over again doing the same quests training the same skills only for the fresh start worlds to go back into the live game months later, but then again im bad at the game lmao. Thats just me tho, great video torvesta
Damn bro you went hard good job showing up solomission
Brother your videos are always fire 🔥 🔥 🔥
Only you with those jukes 6:00
Comment
mate cant wait to watch ur vids wow
War thunder sounds too addictive for me. Pass
Absolute lord
What happened to the OSRS market ?? Why did it reset ?
So should we be worried that the fresh start worlds are gonna divide rs player base even more? Soon theres only gonna be 40 ppl in each world lol
Thanks for showing the obvious in every clip you explained. Prices of the GE showing it in our face as if we can't see. The TB length as if we dont know lol.
2:06 Ahrim's is actually MORE expensive on the regular servers
Imagine being late af to this title 💀💀
Whole games reset ? My account gone 🫠
Starting all over is cancer enough, imagine doing it all again on a new server lmao this game is dying
Too bad people smuggled in gold and destroyed the economy
TORVESTAAAA!!!! I love your vids please dont ever stop <3 your biggest fan
Bro i got my 1st barrow item at 104 kc
Need to upload more mate really injoying this series
That escape ladder log out was pretty intense haha
yo this is exciting. can't wait for the next video
watching this is like watching 15 year ago me go ya thats right. for the prices.
Liked and share link copied, loving this series so far!
Great video. I feel like you should go really hard on this promo. I want to see you hit 500k
LONGER FRAMED TYPE VIDEOS  PLEASE😁😁
Good video but I think the transitions are a little too quick, especially stuff such as the ge screen or stats exp per hour.   Showing profit per hour is awesome though.
Bro you could have sold that archers ring for like 20m+ you were the first to get it!
10% of this video was advertisement
Change your name to torvenator cause you bout tor terminate everyone pking
Epic video
1/3 of this vid was an ad ffs
Dude it is crazy to see you at almost 500k subs, well deserved man
"Archers rink! Archers rink!"
honestly so funny these other games sponsor runescape youtube videos like we would ever play anything else
"There's none on the market I don't think." *Literally has a message in the chat box telling him he's the first person to receive the drop*
“Archers Rink, Archers Rink” lol
Soemone has hasnt played OSRS in years...whats the point of playing this new start worlds if your accounts just going to get transferred to the main game in a few months?
Love your vids and if you haven't played War Thunder yet, please don't start - stick with OldSchool Runescape. Same grindfest.
48 on trending you wot
What happened to the HCIM series :(
Making the algorithm happy
Reset the eco! XD
Dude you get a like and a comment for that ladder -play
ur vids are Literally DA Best wish that youd upload them a little bit sooonerrrrr
Super excited for next month when episode 2 drops!!! <3
I'm loving this new fresh worlds series!
Not gonna lie bro, I’m always rooting for your escape.
So who are you paying to train this account
Very intriguing indeed mate love the vids so satisfying selling a glory for 175k
This video was like mega satisfying to watch in all aspects. The flips. The moneymaking and looting, PKing, and that kill too as a cherry on top.
All the times you finished your videos ontop of that tower paying off!
Stay hard Nest, stay hard
Aazers rink lad
This game needs to remove trading. The economy is the worst part of this game. People treating it like a stock exchange ruins the game for everyone.
dont think any is on the market....when it says in chat world first archer ring....uhmmmm hahaha xD
I was like where this mofo with a vid worth the wait
hell yeah war thunder! lmao i  just got back into that gaem after years, and now im seeing all my fav content creators talk about it
Am I tripping Or how long has RS been at the end of his channel name?
Imagine having to clarify you wont be swapping on "fresh worlds " if swapping is aloud then it takes the whole point of a "fresh world " . Why is jagex stupid enough to allow swapping anyway ?
I'm just addicted to the video's from Torvesta.
<I respect your work mate. TA Is all well and good but I find it truly baffling that all major crypto youtubers just look at pure TA and completely Ignore the bigger narrative of why BTC is fluctuating and why the future outlook is more encouraging as it seems. It's kinda Irresponsible to ignore the fact that each ETF launch so far has caused a major dump at the peaks of BTC.. we were already on shaky footing with historically low volume and almost pure whale pumps, narrowly avoiding a long-term bear market.This Is the worst possible time in history to invest as so many don't back up their crypto assets...more emphasis should be put into day tradiing as it is less affected by the unpredictable nature of the market. I have made over 11 btc from day tradng with Kyle Miller, insights and signals in less than 3 weeks, this is one of the best medium to backup your assets incase it goes bearish. 👉👉 👉 (KyleMiller3) He runs a program for investors/newbies who lack an understanding of how trading Bitcoin works.
Awesome video man, interesting to see and makes me want to play the fresh start worlds
Bro leave the escapes and stuff in why’s it gotta be so short
Great content Torvesta, always consistent 👏
Archer’s rink!!
I like how osrs is that bad and everything is that cheap they have to make it all over again because the economy is ballls
The economy is really not that crazy. It’s just not inflated with bots lol
Is it just me or is torvestas content starting to lack? You okay bro?
Need to number the videos.
Does the money made convert to osrs?
father
Archers rink? It’s archers ring
I’ve been waiting for this video for 10 damn days!!!
Big gains
Love you man great content as usual!
The ladder escape was the escape of a lifetime
Swapping from one game to the other is against the rules. They posted about this during the RS3 FSW's. It's bannable and they reset accounts for doing it.
Bro got us waitin 10+ days like we have that patience or as if we want to wait 10 days for the best content on RuneScape.  Cmon Torvesta, upload twice a week bro!💪🏼💯
as an avid warthunder player this is my favorite sponsership
Make the vids longer bro!
I didn't realize this was a torvesta vid until the end...
Hell yeah
banger
I'm selling a draconic vissage on fsw  it's in ge right now
I get so excited now when I see a new Torvesta video when I wake up. Keep up the good work!
Imagine having all this knowledge back in 05-07 and just utterly dominating the game.
The first time what i don't skip the sponsor
Love this series. I could watch this for hours.
Dont worry about making these shorter. Ill gladly watch a 20min vid
Archers ring sells for 8.5m you dumbo
It’s just a whole nother waste of time then it’s forgotten about so even more of a waste of time lol 😂
I mean, it would be interesting if every major content creator didnt swap osrs to fresh start and then pretend to be working hard rofl
Please make these longer!! You don’t have to skip over the “boring” progress, just getting to watch an 18 minute video is more fun than a quick 10 minute one
Bro liked just for that Wildy escape. LEGEND!
Love the vid, whats up with that ad bruh?? You know damn well you dont play that lmfao
Get torv to 500k subs!! 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
driving planes yeah ? :D hahaha I think you fly them
how long ago was this lol, 3 days old? gottaa opload moreee torvdawg
I'm so confused. I play rs3 and osrs, but I've been on rs3 FSW. Swapping isn't allowed on rs3 so I'm just confused how he's allowed to talk about it for OSRS. Is that not against the rules? Genuinely curious.
Liked buddy
I can hear his soul being drained by the second during the last few seconds Awesome progression, looking forward the PKing
Going to be so awkward when he goes into wilderness and it’s deserted.
4:44 What’s odd is that monsters in the Wilderness slayer cave should never drop weapons or cosmetics. I don’t even see the ornate nail handle on the drop list.
You didnt have to come out the closet with this one. We already knew u let man play up in your batty.
Voice is bad Content is bad  I’m had more fun in 03 than you ever will this gsme sucks there will never be new players
Skill specs owns you
Wish I had the time to play this
That escape was amazing.
Thank you for the video, van you make it longer next time?
I chuck you a like because it’s good to see you finally making a vid, but common the small guys are blowing you out of the water.
Sup torpesta
Need to stream!!!
Can you add the classic RS tracks to your vids like you did for your older videos? Idk why but it makes it so much nicer.
Thought Russia was invading for a second but it was just an ad 😂
Love this videos hahaha very exciting
No 5 second pest control clip, I was robbed
Have I missed some vids?? What happened to the HCIM series
So entertaining! Love to see the fresh worlds, and looking forward to see some pking! Hope the video is as long as possible🤞🏼☺️
You playing at night? Why you whispering so much 🤔
Man this Economy is so much better, just like in 2013.  I still remember playing back then, I remember playing the original week f2p and managing to get base 40 combat stats which for me felt incredible, since the at that time the highest stat I’ve ever had was something like 80 str and that was on an account I got from a friend who quit. And the highest stat I’d gotten by myself was lvl 60 str or attack.  And that’s when I bought the membership. Now I got my main almost maxed and and alt with 24m wc xp on magics and almost double 99 from mlm to 99 and amethysts from 99.
Great work torv
Your progress is insane lol… And I really hate to admit it but fresh start worlds got so much hate; I was a massive hater of our too ..and well now it’s amazing
This… These are the kinda Torvesta videos I crave 💅🏽 It’s blue balls having to wait two weeks for your videos but I’ll say.. When them hoes pop up I get all giddy
Ah torvesta doing the same challenge as abyss except for torvesta isn’t taking the twat route and is getting his gear himself instead of from his viewers and clan.
that escape was sick
So awesome to see videos uploaded every 3 weeks and 1/4 of it to be an ad
You might be known for your PVP skills, but you're a super skilled player overall too. Really impressive video as always!
Watching torvesta in the morning make the day not boring love you keep making these videos I Wil be always watching
Saw him in game and said hey torvesta! He responded “who torvesta”
💪🏻
1 vid every 10 days and its only 10 mins….
Surprised you had time to make this video man. Ya know with you playing war thunder all day and what not now. Plonker.
Is your hcim still alive?
literally has a worlds first announcement. "there's none on the market i dont think.."
Those prices are just how I remember them a decade ago
Avas accumulator, accumulated*
Great vid mate like always
It’s always nice seeing your vids with all of these new kids trying to make vids. Your quality is top notch
I'm Burnt out of RuneScape but seeing you it's relaxing 😌 good one there buddy 👍🏼
honestly, how many people playing the fresh start worlds are actually new players. This just seems like a dmm that instead of the account being deleted, is just integrated into the main game
Has he ever posted any HCIM update messages anywhere? I don't use twitter much anymore and haven't noticed anything on YT
“I don’t think there’s any on the market” he said ignoring the worlds first message in the chat box
No need for pre-workout when I get a new upload from Torv.
Join the like and comment gang people
legit top tier content, shame torvesta is cringe  jk bby ly xx
Torvesta lowkey has the smoothest editing on all of video game YouTube
Did the nest die on his HCIM and not post a vid or what? Videos just died
my man. 240v maul here.
Algorithm
It's so amazing how despite looking repetative, its an illusion. RuneScape is a truly magical game.
Love the content but miss the pvp iron series :( <3
"Torevenant was the world first to obtain a Archers ring!"  "I think we've got like, the first one"
how the fk this guy trains combat so quick
Bout time you got a new vid! Keep the slaps coming
lol why do I get the vibes that this video was just posted for the ad? A good percentage of this is just an ad. I’m fully supportive of running ads but this is not a normal length video
Wait, what was reset!?
the hobgoblin is pretty sustainable after like 70 range or str also under 30
Another fsw series that I can fall asleep to!
I’m drunk but chose to watch this before sleep.. liked before watching too
Waited for this vid for to damn long
Why is there a 4 story ladder in the middle of the wilderness 😂
being able to swap gold will dull the "fresh" economy quite quickly i think. Why would anybody farm on normal worlds when they can do what you're doing. That said, this is definitely interesting. I might have to come back to RS for this .
Almost 1st
Most exciting FSW series yet! Absolutely loved the progression and large variety of methods
superdope
Torvesta like or love this if I'm gay
There was a chat box message for being worlds first to get archers ring
I don't get what he means by swap rates are 1/5, can you sell the gold you make on the other worlds for gold in the normal game on the site or something? If it's just people trading on swap worlds, then in the normal worlds, isn't this market "ripe" for scams?
Yo where we dropping torvesta?
Love this series. Great idea RS
It’s about fucking time
I think we've got the first one lol world first archers ring literally in chat
Comment good stuff
These videos are so cool to watch, very interesting to watch an experienced player's methods in a brand new osrs
If this gets 1,000 likes, torvesta will make a start from scratch (lvl 3) series. He told me so.
Torvesta probably crying on the inside he had to play a game that's not OSRS
I was the 1000th like 😆
I think we can all agree that we would LOVE it if you could make 20+ minute long videos. You're my favorite youtuber and it sucks having to wait weeks for a 10 minute video that has an ad in it.
Torvesta puts out the best content on OSRD period. Why this dude not have more subs?
I'm mad he didn't try to slow sell it @ like 10m, being the first, bet it would've happened
i luv torvesta
archers rink
THAT ESCAPE
Lets gooooo
Algorithm
“Me and Kemp are going to attemp(t)”
I think this is the first time I've actually clicked on a torvesta ad.. always wanted a reason to get into war thunder.
Wait wait wait.. Hold up, wait a minute..  You mean to tell me everyone's account was reset???
HCIM series returning soon?
please update more oftenly (if possible) I really enjoy your content!
Greatttttt vid bro. Action, progression, story. Everything 🎉
6:22 Only Torvesta would pull this off! Absolute GOAT 🐐
Seeing Torvesta upload is the cleanest and best pleasure
Excited to seem some fsw pking
Dude you should try selling your archers ring for so much more GP!!!
If they did do this not just fsw it would be  cool and give every1 like a year or 2 of members
Ornate maul handles aren't dropped in the Wilderness Slayer Cave in the main game. Do you know why they're on the drop table in Fresh Start?
Do you live stream?
this guy is a monster scaper cant even lie lmfao
Imagine a MMO that releases with the volumes of content of OSRS. Similar ish skill tree's but a brand new setting.  If jagex managed to make a new setting, new world, similar mass content of OSRS with new graphics, with better bot detection.  Jagex would be such a contestor for MMO'S out there
So much money to be made at the rune shop in priff ;) about 20m/hr 07
Can wait to see you pk bro nice vid
I love the idea of a fresh economy, but how long until fresh worlds eventually catch up? Or the prices eventually just turn into the normal ones? (Genuinely curious)
I'm only mad because videos always feels too damn short
Get them! Great shit man!
I love the videos
Clutch escape. Big brain moves
"I think we got the first archers ring?" Chat literally says you are the first to receive an archers ring.
That escape had me on the edge of my seat! That tower isn’t there for nothing 😂😂
Torv you’re a g m8 don’t play anymore but watch all your videos
Amazing content, excellent editing as always
what's the point lol
Yo Torvesta you interested in buying the Tutorial Island shrimp? Its the rarest item in the game. Could be some banger content.
Awesome video as usual :)
inb4 jagex ends up keeping this a seperate gamemoode for much longer than 6 months
Wheres the hcim
torvesta gaming
Always the best content brother.
Hello,   What is the visual editing effect at 0:18 called?  (Entire screen opacity darkens except for one highlighted area)
HERE QUICK LFG😎
Was gonna play this till I saw over 8b got bugged into the eco within the first week or so.
I'll be honest, your content feels a little dated. There are many people way ahead of you and still out out great content.
That escape was so clutch
Sheeeeesh
trash game, trash ad
Based
wow lots of people got the first comment. gratz.
Seeing all these first comments I’ll just say second!
Absolutely no way I came this early….
1st
shessh
First
Sit
I be waiting for this
first
#Ad - Use my link to play War Thunder now and get access to a large, free bonus pack including premium vehicles, boosters, and much more https://playwt.link/torvestars
First
First
First
First
Torvesta wont pin this
First
First
Lets go
First
