Donald Trump is guilty as charged. He is to be convicted and barred from running for office.
This managers lies over and over again. They should be shame for lying. Pelosi and most Democrats manufactured this rioter. That is why they don't released the evidence.
warden rahman, dontae, charlaya, spangdeburg, barack, killed latoya from garfield high school in seattle and now they're trying to kill kenneth ross ponder the 2nd! pass the word! call the jails in america! look for warden rahman! he is responsible for all these shootings in seattle!
King, King Schumer sure has a lot of "indisputable facts" that somehow the prosecutors couldn't prove as such.  King, King Schumer was right about this being a vote that will live in infamy.  King, King Schumer is going to have a good time trying to defend himself and his co-conspirators for making it "open season, open season" on Trump supporters across the country for five years straight--all of which was predicated on dehumanization of those people and the baseless--and investigated--and repeated claims that Trump stole the 2016 election.  You know what two baseless claims of impeachment should result in?--impeachment of those who repeatedly claim falsehoods for the sole purpose of political manipulation.  The entire Democratic Party strategy has been one of domestic propaganda geared towards fomenting division and revolution--with the sole purpose of discrediting and destroying Trump's claim on the Presidency and destroying the Republican party through partisan terrorism and treason employed through their incited agents.  I was a Democrat in 2016.  I remember when they claimed Trump stole the election through fraud.  The 2017 Commission on Election Integrity went nowhere despite bi-partisan support and a blessing of the White House.  The first impeachment proved no collusion, and the Democrats made no attempts to actually determine the veracity of their claim of election fraud.  Do we think Castro was being serious about asking yourself whether anyone at any level of government had ever made those same ludicrous claims?  That was the entire political strategy of Democrats whether it was true or not--make the claim and repeat it enough until people believe it.  How much video do you think there is of mobs beating Trump supporters and simply those wearing MAGA hats?  You think there's enough to convict the entire Democrat Party of treason and incitement to commit acts of violence?  Raskin was 100% right:  "This trial isn't about Trump--it's about us."  And ffs, if I have to hear them claim tweets about Pence are "attacks" while simultaneously claiming saying "fight" is a call to physical acts of violence I'm going to start filing lawsuits against anyone who does so with the presumption they are purposely gaslighting the American people and using inflamed rhetoric to distort the nature and reality of the situation and the quality of relationships that exist outside the perverted minds of these psychopathic narcissists.
I am sorry buddy, but you ARE naive. America has been propping up dictators all around the world for decades now. Guiding light, north star? What are you even talking about? For scores of countries USA has been a black hole that has destroyed their stability, peace and way of life and plunged them into the darkness of violence. Figures USA would eventually do that to itself too, even if slowly. There is still time to wake up, even if not much
Let’s not forget about the way we got where we are
Let’s stop this overnight take over of the new and improved Communist hundreds that are in the Senate now that are blind citing high citizens with stimulus checks buying votes and undermining their common sense
C-SPAN Washington Journal swamp media democrat-controlled from top to bottom.
C-SPAN Washington Journal swamp media democrat-controlled from top to bottom.
***NBC NEWS, KENNEDY ASSASSINATION, JIM GARRISON,1967*** ~ On July 15, 1967, NBC allowed New Orleans District Attorney, Jim Garrison, airtime on their network to respond to another NBC program that had heavily criticized Garrison's pursuit of (now declassified & confirmed) Kennedy assassination conspirators in New Orleans at that time. Here is the title and YouTube link to that broadcast: "Jim Garrison Response - Kennedy Assassination" https://youtu.be/Hqo2c_SxQag I post this here, on an otherwise unrelated upload from NBC because I'm curious if anyone within the network will see this and realize just how far they've truly fallen? And realize too that they've dragged their country, and fellow citizens, down with them? I don't know if there's even one American who still takes these networks seriously... for news or anything else. I do not.  Haven't since 9/11. You see, I'm old enough to remember when ALL Americans proudly  held networks like NBC, CBS, ABC and PBS, along with their anchors, reporters and programming, in the highest of esteem and trusted them implicitly for (truly) fair and balanced reporting of local and world events, as well as programming across the board. And you know what?  They managed every morning, noon and night, across all 4 networks and all year long, to do precisely that!! And they did it with ZERO DETECTABLE BIAS!! For YEARS!!! It was absolutely incredible!! They've long since lost even the appearance of pretense regarding what they report.  Or don't report. Or patently lie about. Or conspire to cover up outright! And they also no longer seem to care if WE THE PEOPLE know who their true masters really are and where their true loyalties lie. Because it's certainly not with us.  Nor is it with our Republic. Anyway, aside from the stroll down memory lane, I was astonished that, even then, in a day and age when courage and integrity reigned supreme, that NBC had the confidence to support free speech, support BOTH SIDES of an issue. And if not support it, then at least allow it to be HEARD!! Can you imagine??? To give this man airtime, PRIMETIME airtime, where he publicly criticized NBC AND the federal government's (mis) handling of the Kennedy assassination investigation!!!! Can you imagine a similar situation today???? I can't. It would never happen. Which is why I had to post this!! As a reminder of not only who we WERE, but who we STILL ARE!! Because even though NBC, along with all other networks, AND all cable networks, gave in long ago, and in one sweeping motion, began marching, as one massive entity, together, in unison, in lockstep.... to the tune of a Soros or Rothschild or Rockefeller, or whoever/whatever is behind the scenes calling the shots for almost all media outlets around the world, WE THE PEOPLE, our values, ideals, hopes, dreams and our need for unfettered access to factual information about the world we live in.... none of this has changed. I hope somebody sees this and watches that program. *********** Let's play a game! Let's try to imagine a situation similar to that of Jim Garrison, unfolding today. What might that situation be? And how might NBC handle it? Hmmmmm... Les give it a go, shall we....? NBC runs a program about, let's say... oh,  I don't know.... election fraud!! And let's say that in this program, NBC criticizes a political leader who believes a recent major election, in which he ran, and in which this political leader was overwhelmingly projected to win in a landslide of epic, of HISTORIC, proportion, actually lost.  And the facts just weren't adding up. None of it made sense! I mean, this man, our political leader, was very popular and he was projected to win and win big! Even those who didn't like this leader were surprised by this turn of events. And let's say that after the election, this man believed there had to have been been massive election fraud to account for something so unexpected. So he began investigating. And he let everyone know that he believed there was a conspiracy to steal the election. And he set about investigating some of the county's where the fraud seemed most egregious and obvious and where witnesses were coming forward, left and right, confirming election fraud. And at some point during all of this, NBC runs a program where one of their hosts disagrees with this man and criticizes him for questioning certain state governments and investigating certain public officials. Now the man sees the program that NBC ran and hears the criticism. And he would like to respond to these criticisms. Publicly. Do you think that today's NBC network, the NBC of 2021, would offer this political leader free airtime, during PRIMETIME, to respond to their criticisms of him? AND go one step further by allowing him to make his case for a government conspiracy, to the American people? The entire country? Whether you think that NBC would offer this man airtime or not, do you believe they SHOULD make this offer?  And one last question.... Did NBC do the right thing for Jim Garrison, the American people and our country back in 1967? Curious to see what people's opinions are today in 2021. Cheers;)
“When you become sheep the wolves will eat you....” Benjamin Franklin
I am having trouble conjuring up sympathy for those who work in “the most sacred place in our Country...” when they did NOTHING to mitigate the violence we witnessed across the United States..... and House Manager Rankin needs to stop saying that “all Americans” feel the same way he does.....  I am an American and no one asked me what I think...
It would be nice if you (C-SPAN) added either a current time display, or verbally mentioned the time in reference to recesses and the like, for those viewers that are watching after the fact.
The first fucking time politicians do something for once
DEEP FAKES, PEOPLE!!!!! DEEP FAKES!!!!!
Why is the democrat party arguing that qanon is true and that Trump told his followers via qanon to incite an insurrection??? Qanon isn't real you idiots!
--- >    Maybe, President Biden could issue an emergency EO  to provide funds to construct temporary housing and provide medical assistance to people displaced in Texas once the warms up,  until repairs can be made to apartments and residential buildings ..  Tents and shipped in water, right now, might be in order as well.
Jamie Raskin thinks he's reading Shakespeare
Sore looser Schumer,  case closed. What’s the point?   Wawawa sit down!  You weren’t listening when it was pointed out your hypocrisy
To the house dems,   Balderdash!!!
The Democrats appealed to the audience’s emotions while the defense showed how this case applies to the constitution. Most importantly, the defense showed the Democrats’ fraud and hypocrisy. Congratulations to Mr  van der Veen!
I'm getting to think, that even C Span is becoming biased !
Be safe be careful be strong bless you all your all loved
Trump Won
Spoiler alert, they admit he's guilty after aquitting him anyway. =D
*Impeachment 2, Day 5. February 13, 2021*  4:26 *Rep. Jamie Raskin (D-MD)* 5:02 “Well, Kevin, I guess these people are more upset about the election than you are.” 5:57 Subpoenas and depositions? 6:32 “...other Patriots...”  6:57 *Michael van der Veen* 7:44 “They didn’t put the work in.” 8:10 “I’m gonna need at least over 100 depositions.” 8:34 “...do not handcuff me” 9:02 “...the 9/11-style investigation that Nancy Pelosi called for...” 10:13 “...discover, discover, discover the truth.”  10:44 *Rep. Raskin* “Nothing remotely unusual about this.”  13:02 *Van der Veen* 13:19 “...false narrative...in violation of rule 23...a defect in their entire case.” 14:31 “...Irrelevant stuff,” what happened afterwards. 15:48 Nancy Pelosi’s deposition? 16:04 “...in Phil E. Delphia...” laughter. 17:04 “I haven’t laughed at any of you...” 17:15 “...slap subpoenas...” 17:31 “...failed miserably...”   19:41 *Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT)* “...refrain from language that is not conducive to civil discourse...”  33:31 *Sen. Leahy* Motion is agreed to. Recess, C-SPAN coverage. 1:53:26 Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), “Leftist Twitter.”  2:48:53 *Bruce Castor*  2:49:33 *Rep. Raskin* Antifa or Trump supporters?  2:54:24 *Rep. Raskin* 2:54:57 “...focused action...” 2:56:35 “...they have no defense...” 2:58:09 “...while a crime is ongoing...” 2:58:45 “...further decisive evidence...” 2:59:27 *Closing arguments begin.* 3:00:00 “...what we know now is enough...” 3:00:29 “...never been a greater betrayal...” 3:01:06 “...despite the various propaganda reels...” no defense of conduct. 3:01:34 “...if you were charged...falsely accused, would you come and testify?” 3:02:06 Cancel culture “...tried to cancel out Representative Cheney...” 3:02:36 Rejected. “Who says you can’t stand up against bullies?” 3:03:21 Ben Franklin: “wrong is always growing more wrong...” 3:03:55 Ben Franklin: “...if you make yourself a sheep, the wolves will eat you.” 3:04:12 Thomas Jefferson: “...the reign of witches...” 3:04:35 Thomas Paine: “...the mind, once enlightened...” 3:04:47 “...indoctrinated the mob with his Orwellian propaganda...” 3:05:19 Courts “...all found no basis in fact or law...” 3:05:45 Georgia. “Find me 11,780 votes...” 3:06:31 “...Trump threw us under the bus...” 3:06:39 Governor Whitmer. 3:07:19 “...stand back and stand by...” 3:07:45 “...filled with extremists in tactical gear...” 3:08:13 Permit for “Stop the Steal” rally. 3:09:38 Still have doubts? 3:10:21 Totally appropriate? 3:10:52 How did Trump react? 3:11:30 Did Trump call off “big mistake”? No. 3:12:04 Pence and Pelosi—both in real danger. 3:12:38 “...we are begging...and he was nowhere to be found.” 3:13:00 Dereliction of duty. 3:13:50 “...violence was foreseeable...he was delighted.”  3:16:13 *Rep. David Cicilline (D-RI)* 3:17:32 “...remained silent...” 3:18:34 1. “...evidence was somehow manufactured...” 3:20:09 Timeline. 3:21:56 Video: Pence ushered out.   3:39:41 C-SPAN coverage, regarding Sen. Mike Lee objection. 3:47:23 C-SPAN  3:51:23 Senator Lee withdraws appeal. Not admitted to evidence; not permitted in closing argument. 3:27:26 “...inconceivable...” Trump unaware of threats against VP Pence?  3:52:49 *Rep. Madeleine Dean (D-PA)* 3:53:17 1. Not only one speech, but “pre-planned” and “conduct over many months.” 3:55:23 Video: inciting insurrection over time. 3:58:39 2. The violence. 3:59:26 Pattern and practice. 4:01:05 Video: Violence. 4:02:37 Foreseeable. 4:02:59 3. The insurrectionists. 4:03:30 Did it for Trump. 4:05:52 Video: Before the attack. Trump minions. 4:06:24 Defense objection. 4:07:11 Statement was in evidence, slide was not. 4:07:23 Trump knew them and their violence. 4:08:40 Video kept in the record.  4:12:57 Order. 4:13:22 Brief moment of comedy.  4:13:31 *Rep. Dean, cont.* “...they were all there.” 4:14:03 Video: “30,000 guns up here...next trip.” 4:15:42 “...hanging on his every word...” 4:16:27 “...what happens if there is no accountability?” 4:16:48 Unify? 4:17:16 “...Dialogue with history...”  4:18:17 *Rep. Joe Neguse (D-CO)* 4:19:05 Trump defense “...avoid discussing the facts...offered up distractions...anything but trying to defend...” 4:19:50 Defense distractions. 4:20:23 1. Not in office? 4:21:49 2. Not a criminal trial, but a “Constitutional offense.” 4:22:55 3. Due process. “He declined.” 4:24:20 4. Comparisons to other politicians, “fight.” 4:25:33 “...one fundamental thing in common...distractions.” 4:26:22 “...I don’t believe their effort is going to work.” 4:27:49 “...cowering to bullies and threats...stand up to dictators and autocrats and tyrants...”  4:34:37 *Rep. Raskin* 4:35:10 “...he was expecting violence...”  4:45:20 *Van der Veen* 4:45:53 Technicality? Who knows... 4:46:41 “...doctoring of evidence...” 4:47:23 “...a very desperate attempt...their case has collapsed.”   5:24:55 *Rep. Raskin* 5:25:15 “...false and illogical...” 5:25:27 Not an insurrection? Outrageous? Or “violent insurrection”? 5:26:15 No precedent? 5:26:55 True—no other president. Score? 5:27:12 “...the new Raskin doctrine...” 5:27:59 “...their best argument, as pathetically weak as it is...”  5:33:15 *Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-CA)* Ready to vote.  5:34:25 Reading of the Article of Impeachment.  5:38:38 Rules for the vote.  5:39:31 Guilty or not guilty? Roll call.  5:49:43 Yea-57, nay-43. “Not guilty...”  5:53:19 *Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-NY)*  6:07:08 *Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY)* 6:08:33 “No question about it...” 6:10:35 “...wilder and more unfounded claims...” 6:11:22 “...intensifying crescendo of conspiracy theories...torch out institutions on the way out.” 6:12:27 “...screaming their loyalties to him...he was the only one who could [end the assault].” 6:13:05 “...he didn’t do his job...he watched television happily as the chaos unfolded.” 6:14:18 “...further inspiration to lawlessness and violence...” 6:14:55 “...he kept repeating election lies and praising the criminals.” 6:15:14 “...using the 74 million who voted for him as a human shield...that’s an absurd deflection.” 6:16:03 “...campaign of disinformation and rage...one person did...” 6:17:41 “...if President Trump were still in office...” 6:17:56 “...probably not incitement...” 6:18:21 “...Constitutionally not eligible for conviction.”   6:27:45 *Sen. Ben Cardin (D-MD)*  6:43:00 *Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME)*  6:59:37 *Rep. Raskin*  7:03:18 *Del. Plaskett*  7:05:21 *Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA)*  7:15:30 *Rep. Raskin* Regarding witnesses.  7:19:19 *Del. Plaskett*  7:20:23 *Rep. Cicilline (D-RI)*  7:21:30 *Rep. Castro (D-TX)* “...let off on a technicality...procedural issue...” 3:28:29 Rep. McCarthy, pleading.
The government is corrupt and the president is incompetent.
I bet she won’t say FIGHT like Hell again🧐
Pelosi better go pay that fine
when did Nancy-Chuck-Mitch  know and when did they know it .... have a wall of fences ,,,but open the border ...worried about illegals NOT Americans
Trump 2 Pelosi-Schumer-Mitch  0   Americans see  Donkey's+Elephants do not work for us
bitch master trump gave us jobs the dems will end them good job idiots that voted for this replacement screw them trump for 2024!!!
notice van der veen stares the house managers down when hes speaking but none of the house managers will even turn their head in his direction when theyre speaking. lol that says enough in itself.
2:48:55 Is he saying “Senators (senators all fucked up)”?😆
thank you for wasting tax dollars on this nonsense while you dont pay us our stimulus
Two things: Please buy a haircut or a wig for Raskin and send him to a Photoshop seminar to teach him how to manipulate tweets in a more intelligent way. 😂
Too much corruption with the impeachment not being able to do the impeachment while the president was still in office is a question there was time cuz obviously it didn't take that long plenty of evidence against the acquittal
Trumps lawyer is awesome !!!!
It’ll learn on turn
U old Marine Shud Ieash
Y
Do u allow Still
And thief’s Defective Minds
MAy I remind URE SWORN
To John Musgrave U jaw jaw
No ❤️Los
Too Keene
What happen to cspan? You are another false news sooooo sad
WHY IS THERE NO CLIP OF TRUMP’S LAWYER’S MONTAGE DESTROYING THE DEMOCRATS CASE???? CSPAN CLIPS MCCONNELL BUT NOT THE PIVOTAL MOMENT THAT DISPLAYED THR COMPLETE HYPOCRISY OF THIS CHARADE!!!!!
anyone that think this bs is true needs yo go  to choke on it and die
Anyone with half a brain cell knows that this riot was a false flag. The left planned it just like they planned the virus. Evil mfr's.
7:02:00 - "he was disgraced before the nation", maybe, but he wasn't the only one.
Jamie's Raskin you are so full of B.S.
I don’t understand the praying. I’m a Christian and praying is necessary and Godly but don’t involve Jesus when your efforts are plainly deceitful. God doesn’t hear you. Especially when you take God out of schools and everywhere HIS name is said.  This country was built on the acknowledgement that God had his complete hands in steering our forefathers to create a magnificent document instructing Americans on how to live next to your neighbor in peace and harmony while striving to be the best citizen with law and order paramount. When God was removed the country became unstable and evil. Young adults acting with disrespect and disorder and most importantly ungratefulness. The uneducated and spiritually lacking Americans were never taught or/and overlook the sacrifice early Americans made to create a society where you are free to pray to God and become anything your efforts lead you. The success of this country depends on our daily lives to uphold it. What’s right is right and what’s wrong is wrong. Your political affiliation can not change what’s right from what’s wrong.
It's said that she still says "Without objection" to this day.
Democrats: 2 Time Failed Impeachment Champions of the World!
The house managers are a disgrace to our democracy and to our rights to have fairness in accusations against us.  They based their case on fabricated hearsay,  dishonest in one point, dishonest in ALL!  The people that went to the capital, went because the previous months of oppressive regulations, watching our cities under attack encouraged by DEM leaders and 5 yrs of those leader & media hatred aimed not only to president Trump but to the citizens of this nation!  They have unleashed the pure self-preservation of the citizens in this country.  Now that Biden is in office, they are destroying the economy for their own political power...no decent citizen is going to unite with this insanity!!!
Imagine doing depositions by zoom Where that person tesitifying can read from cue cards and Joe Biden’s teleprompter.  So house managers say something with no evidence only hearsay, and try to implicate Sen. Lee for the second time with baseless statement. When senator refutes, the democrat presiding over this circus shuts him down yet again. Putting the rats in Democrats
LMFAO They still pray to an extraterrestrial supernatural inter-dimensional alien thing from outside space and time that has zero evidence. No wonder America is such a shit hole place.
This will all end someday.
4:45:00
__The List (Federal)__ 1888 Arbitration Act 1898 Erdman Act 1916 Federal Employees' Compensation Act 1920 Transportation Act 1926 Railway Labor Act 1934 National Railroad Adjustment Board 1938 Fair Labor Standards Act 1938 NLRB v. Mackay Radio & Telegraph Co. Ruling > 1947 Taft-Hartley Act 1959 Labor Management Reporting and Disclosure Act > 1959 Landrum-Griffin Act 1980 Regulatory Flexibility Act 1981 Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization Strike Executive Order 2018 Janus v. AFSCME Ruling  A list of Federal legislation, Orders, and court rulings that makes me cry, it’s a lot harder to change federal law but state laws are a lot easier to do so. find out what you’re state laws are about the workplace and change things from there. Comment if you have more BS to add to the list...
Democrats, the party of impeachment. Democrats like to fight and impeach.
Where were you guys when our lives and livelihoods we're being threatened during last Summer's riots? Now that the tides have turned and you guys feel threatened all of a sudden it's a problem but when the threat was on all your constituents not one of you gave a damn about us!
"Senators, this trial in the final analysis is not about Donald Trump. The country and the world know who Donald Trump is. This trial is about who we are," Jamie Ratskin
McConnell no to impeach, but he/wife really beholden to Biden, she a Chinese shipping heiress, Cho.
Stop the steal. The election was stolen by the evil dems.
If the Dems had have looked into the rigged election, there would have had nothing happened.
Dems have awakened a sleeping giant.  Every D I know, (in multiple states), have flipped to the red side during this farce, vowing to out the radicals and leftists.  Red side has radicals too, they will be ousted in midterms. Y’all can thank Pelosi, her sycophants ruining your new win.   Harris needs to be impeached ASAP, for inciting same with her rhetoric and deeds which actually had consequences of re arrests of her activist she bailed out.
So impressed by the House Managers and their presentation.
1. Richard Burr 2. Bill Cassidy 3. Susan Collins 4. Lisa Murkowski 5. Mitt Romney 6. Ben Sasse 7. Pat Toomey
Oh your a immigrant , a high status in society ,  bla bla ba..... coming from a dictator country In Africa , where the art of dictatorship is well documented n well understood... yup states got some good feller in you aye ba.... don’t even know by your jarjon descriptions ,,,the constitution ,,,, political shill. The African model right there....
Mr. Van Der Veen clearly pointed out their hypocrisy and stupidity. We can do better than those currently in office. Let’s do better next election. Look up their voting records. Thx
Pericles said "Democracy's Achelous-Heel is that its enemy is within".  Watch the conclusion of this extraordinary trial.  According to the minority leader Rep Sen Mr Mitch McConnell, 'former President Mr Donald John Trump is acquired of this second impeachment charge due to constitutional technicalities but still answerable to any civil and/or judicial actions taken against him for his four years of despicable presidential serious misconduct.'  Mr Mitch McConnell has very furiously condemned all four years of Donald John Trump's grave presidential misconduct despite the fact that himself voted for Donald John Trump's acquittal from this second implement trial.  The trouble is that, if Donald John Trump goes unpunished for his presidential crimes it gives the green light to him and future presidents to go on abusing power and getting away with it.  This could and would-have, catastrophic consequences upon USA's democratic structure, changing the political system to authoritarian-based dictatorship alike 🤔  🎶😉
House Impeachment Managers sound like a broken record repeating the same lies over and over and over and over and over and over
This idiot David Cicilline had the nerve to quote the worst fake news media ever C&N
Donald Trump 2-0  #GoatTrump #MAGA
Did the stupid house impeachment managers not listen to Trumps lawyers the day before and or watch the evidence/videos of all the demonrats whom incited violence on the greatest president of all time Trump, his team and his supporters???? These folk are delusional brainwashed and a pawn of the devil!!
I hope these four year fly by faster than Silver Surfer. 2024 will be in the words of James Brown "The Big Payback"
Jamie Raskin D-Maryland is a disgusting hate-filled, fake news lover, nonsense speaking, delusional demonrat! You are so obsessed about a fake narrative you demonrats created it's disgusting and hurts to hear you speak.
At the 6:07 mark that Criminal McConnell practically murdered our beloved President Trump with his words! I've always thought McConnell was DS and this is the icing on his cake! We have plenty of time to IMPEACH McConnell and I plan on supporting all the bias that McConnel has coming to him. Kentuckians you should be ashamed!
2:22:57 defense argues 4 reasons for acquittal
All presidential phone calls are recorded. Lets here it instead of hearsay b/s.
I can’t believe it. They’re having a huge trial for a purpose that’s entirely symbolic? How inept and directionless and controlled by desperation for votes can we be? No matter what political side you take, you do realize this whole procedure is paid for by your tax dollars and accomplishes nothing?
Is it me, or is the defense attorney lame? He doesn’t even go after the constitution like others do
One of the rioters who taped himself while inside the Capitol admitting that this had nothing to do with trump and that they were paid to riot
#RIGGED
Pence was compromised by his own sexual misadventures, and  He can't disobey the wishes of those who hold the evidence of them - The enemies of the USA  - This is how modern warfare is waged.  - The US military desperately need to wake their game up. They have been sleeping on the job. - Pouring billions into Darpa has not protected the USA in this instance.  WAKE UP USA, before you go under. - Somebody PLEASE  WAKE THE SNORING MILITARY UP.
Susan Collins repeating the lies until they become truth. - as perJoseph  Goebels instruction.
The courts can't make decisions on behalf of justice,  when their judges have been compromised by the enemies of the USA.  Put this on the record.
Cardin - Repeating the lies until they become truth. Please put my comment on the record as well.
Looks like Cspan is now policing your freedom of speech. A very Sad situation.
Trump beat his case trump 2024 🎉
Ben Cardin just repeats the lies. Has he any morality?
Why would the corrupt communist infiltrated  DOJ say anything to jeopardize their owners wishes.
Amazing how they just carry on repeating some other politicians BS without trying to establish the truth for themselves.
Vice President, Mike Pence, was nearly murdered by Trump’s mob. Why? Because Pence refused to violate the US Constitution. The majority of the Senators in the Republican party basically says that it is ok to overthrow the US Constitution and the US government through the use of lies and force. Where does the country go from here??
Ahwoman
USA is now a global joke.  Who would of thought such a proud country that declared to be a "true" democracy, ends up showing the world  that self serving politicians can ignore the facts, twist the constitution and compromise their integrity!
#MitchMcConnell is as useless as the D in Djibouti. He should just join the #BeiingBiden party which has been labouring so intensively and faithfully.
How embarrassing. "The Big Lie"??? No adult or teenager would use such a term. Our politicians are a bunch of 5yr olds.
Everyone who voted "guilty" needs to be impeached, they are the true insurrectionists.
....."A sitting president can't be indicted.  A guilty president who has left office can't be denied the right to hold public office.. the trial oath gives permission to cast a partisan vote.  The DOJ can prosecute Trump alongside AG Barr's appointment of  U.S. Attorney Durham as a Special Counsel to continue the investigation of the Russia investigation which, according to the testimony of IG Horowitz,  they both already signed off on as legitimate." (Mitch McConnell)...   43 Republicans voted that a president  can use violence and even lethal action as a political tool. They already use the unconstitutional OLC opinion  (1973) to allow a president to commit and sanction crimes, with pardons for co-conspirators. This is the destruction of our Constitution, our moral foundations,  and even our English language   Conservative = Lawlessness
The witch Pelosi is gonna be sticking a lot of pins in her Trump doll tonight
The GOP stood by the MOST IMPORTANT DOCUMENT in our Country, The Constitution of the USA and 57 Senators. Ditched the Constitution!  And wearing Trump gear doesn't make you a Trump supporter!!
THE ELECTION WAS STOLEN, SORE-LOSER SCHUMER!...EVEN ONE OF YOUR IMPEACHMENT MANAGER'S STACEY PLASKETT OF THE VIRGIN ISLANDS, AN AFRICAN AMERICAN, TOO, ADMITTED IT IN THE HEARING...I THANK HER FOR HER HONESTY...WHICH IS MORE THAN I CAN SAY FOR THE REST OF YOU...I AM FROM AFRICA, AS WELL...ORIGINALLY, SO, WE HAVE THAT IN COMMON...LOL...;)
You LOST Nancy!!
Is was the Houses job to have due process and evidencee and they had none
There is evidence and we have. All seen it!  Thats the problem
How Dare you Mitch McConnell!!  Why did you vote no then?? So now Mitch is setting up Civil law suits against Trump! How about we impeach some civil servant Senators! Why is this allowed??  Lies against Trump that he can't speak too! After he was aquitted!
am i the only crazy person who for 5 days straight watched all of this? I even picked up on the trump lawyers arguments that the managers tried to include new videos (evidence) during closing which is always not allowed. I must be the only on to have done that lol.
Hey Mitch if you're so sure there was no f r a u d then do an audit because we the people ALL want to see Proof, no matter the results!  C h I n a Mitch
SOOOOOO???? Trump was acquitted and SECONDS LATER CHUCK COMES OUT AND LIES THAT HE DID IT???  And Mitch is coming up  to say WHAT???  WHY DO WE PAY THOUSANDS FOR IMPEACHMENT IF THE END RESULT IS NOT UPHELD BY THE SENATORS!!!!!  I THOUGHT SENATORS WERE NOT SUPPOSED TO LIE!!  80 Million at least Americans Choose America First and ALL CITIZENS OF AMERICA FIRST!  TRUMP IS NOT DISQUALIFIED SAYS THE AQUITTAL TODAY!!  THE TRUTH WILL COME OUT AND PROVE MANY THINGS!!
Nancy didn't have a case because she made up her lies to impeach... everybody knows it!
To watch Nancy blather on is delightful. Her brain is pickled from Vodka and TDS
THE DEMOCRATS ARE LIKE PETULANT CHILDREN...BUT, EVEN MORE SO, THEY ARE A 'REBELLIOUS HOUSE' AS SCRIPTURE WOULD CALL THEM...THEY KNOW DARN WELL, THAT THE ELECTION WAS STOLEN...ONE OF THEIR OWN IMPEACHMENT MANAGERS SAID SO...STACEY PLASKETT!...AND YET, IT'S LIKE THEY HAVE BLINDERS ON LIKE A HORSE...TUNNEL VISION...IT IS PLAIN AND SIMPLY STUNNING...LIKE A GOAT PUSHING AT A FENCE...IT WON'T BUDGE, BUT, THE GOAT WILL KEEP PUSHING AT IT ANYWAYS...B/C HE'S A 'GOAT'!...AND THEN, THEY REITERATE, THEY REDO, THEY REARRANGE & THEY STILL DON'T GET THE MESSAGE...THAT, THEY'RE WRONG...BUT, THEIR STUBBORNNESS WILL NOT LET THEM ADMIT THEY'RE WRONG...THEIR HATRED, THEIR FEAR OF WHAT HE MIGHT DO, WHEN HE RETURNS, IS ALL THEY CAN FOCUS ON...THEY HAVE ALREADY LOST THE PLOT, BUT, THEY CAN'T SEE IT...ALL OF THIS WASTED TIME, MONEY & ENERGY...AND AT THE END, HE IS ACQUITTED...BUT, THEY WILL KEEP SAYING THEY'RE RIGHT & HE'S WRONG...ORANGE MAN 'BAD'...PATHETIC TO MANY OF US WHO ARE INTELLIGENT ENOUGH TO SEE WHAT'S REALLY GOING ON HERE...;)
Dems have put on such a shit show for 4 years. They just can't get over the fact that a man with no political background brought our country back so quickly and is beloved by half the voters. It just eats at them every single day and it's hilarious.
Raskin is the problem faced by US universities. Professors that teach law from the perspective that feeling bad is evidence of an illegality.
VERY IMPRESSED WITH SCHOEN & VAN DER VEEN - LAWYERS ON BEHALF OF THE PRESIDENT...THEY DID A FIRST-RATE JOB OF DEFINING THE AGENDA THAT THESE IMPEACHMENT MANAGERS HAD, IN BRINGING THIS 2ND IMPEACHMENT HEARING UPON THE PRESIDENT...;)
The House Managers tampered with evidence. Falsus in Uno, Falsus in Omnibus. There must be consequences for such conduct.
The American people don’t agree with u
Im sooo confused dude is saying how people got hurt in the capital riot but all the other riots were cool ?
Waylon Jennings- Outlaw Sh*t
Funny how the dems backed down the witnesses after they saw trump wanted pelosi too
Where were DemOCRAPS all last year with ANTIFA!?
Its amazing how hypocritical these democraps politicians are. They are true pieces of lying feces.  As if we forgot what happened ALL last year with the riots, taking over cities, burning and looting of business while denocraps like Kamala encouraged and setup funds to get them out of jail.
Bloody sore losers, How do you see it as a win, if Trump is Acquitted! Trump WINS Again!
I thought the Left was finished?
RASKIN...SPEAKING FOR THE 'AMERICAN PEOPLE'...AS IF THE AMERICAN PEOPLE ARE ON HIS SIDE IN THIS IMPEACHMENT HEARING...HE REALLY BELIEVES THE LIE, THAT BIDEN WON, AND THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SIGNED ON TO IT...HOW DELUDED CAN SOMEONE BE...EITHER THAT, OR HE'S A DANG GOOD ACTOR...OVER 74,000,000 PEOPLE VOTED 'FOR' PRESIDENT TRUMP...AND EVEN THE VIRGIN ISLANDS REP.STACEY PLASKETT AGREES THAT THE ELECTION WAS STOLEN FROM HIM...TIME TO WAKE UP, AND STOP ALLOWING LIARS TO MIND CONTROL YOU INTO BELIEVING THEIR PROPAGANDA; & YES, THAT INCLUDES THE MEDIA...WHO, DANCE IN STEP WITH THE LEFTIST & RINO CONGRESS MEMBERS...;)
The ceaseless trousers substantially tame because roof terminally work absent a workable transmission. healthy, cooing bird
Impeach the house of reps for their hoax impeachments twice!!
Efficient use of tax dollars.  We got a 4-day holiday from legislating God only knows what!
I decline your wrongful judgement" SEN.Schumer.. Iam believing for a boom a rang moment...
Van Der Veen literally said that "they (the trump rioters) should be cancelled" and that the political rhetoric shout be toned down and cool off because of its effects on everyone 🤭👏🔥
Haha Dems tried and failed again. Just like Biden will fail with this "Presidency".
Don't believe the media people! Look for real news on duckduckgo.. youtube is blocking my comments for writing duckduckgo.. think for yourselfs and wake up!
Don't believe the media people! Look for real news on duckduckgo.. youtube is blocking my comments for writing duckduckgo.. think for yourselfs and wake up!
Mitch's words are meaningless... he didn't even voted for the conviction.
Very disappointing
Bravo House Managers you did a magnificent job, even Moscow Mitch clearly stated you proved your point.
All of this happened because of the stolen election - conducted by Democrat operatives, not President Trump. Legislatures in several states have heard the evidence, but were prevented from taking any actions to investigate before the Electors were sent by the state Governors. hereistheevidence.com
Now they want to bring in witnesses. Just like the e1ect!on, change the rules when you are losing.
God Bless the United States of America! In God we trust 🙌🙏❤
Why isn't anyone pointing out to the GOP that if the election really was rigged and Trump has known about it for months/years, then he's either completely incompetent because he did NOTHING to make it more secure, or it was always a secure election and he's just a lying shitbag. Which hill would you like to die on, Republicans?
Wow proud of deceitful presentations of evidence dates cutting off statements changing context of Trumps speech yeah proud of that integrity. Pelosi your a fool.
Waste of time an money. Lock up the real crooks. They showed there true colors
Here are the TRAITOR REPUBLICANS who voted for impeachment, who will NEVER get re-elected: Richard Burr of North Carolina Bill Cassidy of Louisiana Susan Collins of Maine Lisa Murkowski of Alaska Mitt Romney of Utah Ben Sasse of Nebraska Pat Toomey of Pennsylvania.
Biden with 80 million votes yet so many dislikes?? Hey you Biden supporters.... how does it feel to be lied too by your president?? That $2k “first week” lmfao
Democrats are inept.  That's why they lie steal and cheat at everything
50 years in politics and Democrats still  dont even know wtf they're doing .
1. Recognize your condition:  God's commandments prove that we have broken His law.  God says: "Thou shalt not bear false witness..."  "Thou shalt not steal."  "Thou shalt not commit adultery."  "Thou shalt not covet..."  "Thou shalt have no other gods before me."  "Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in Vain; for the LORD will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain." The truth is, if God judged you by His Commandments, He would find you guilty.  Romans 3:19, AV: "...that every mouth may be stopped, and all the world may become guilty before God."  Romans 3:23, AV: "For all have sinned and come short of the glory of God."  2. Realize that the price/penalty of sin is death and hell.  Romans 6:23, AV: "For the wages of sin is death..."  Revelation 20:15, AV: "And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire."  Hell is a real place, where those who die without accepting The Lord Jesus Christ will go for all eternity.  3. Realize that The Lord Jesus Christ paid your sin debt.  Romans 5:6,8, AV: "For when we were yet without strength, in due time Christ died for the ungodly." "But God commendeth his love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." The Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of God, suffered and died on the cross for your sins.  John 3:16, AV: "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life." The Lord Jesus Christ loves you. He wants you to be saved and live in Heaven with Him for all eternity.  4. Receive The Lord Jesus Christ as your Saviour.  John 1:12, AV: "But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name."  In faith, trust  the Lord Jesus as your Saviour today.  Acts 16:30-31, AV: "...Sirs, what must I do to be saved? And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved..."  John 5:24, AV: "Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life."  Would you like to know for sure that Heaven will be your home?  Do you admit that you are a sinner and deserve hell for your sins?  Do you believe that The Lord Jesus Christ died to pay your sin debt?  Will you ask The Lord Jesus Christ to save you today, right now?  Ephesians 2:8-9, AV: "For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast."    Romans 10:9,13, AV: "That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved." " For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved."
CONGRESS FOR PRISON
Mitch McConnell is an idiot! his allegations about January 6 without proving who those people were that were breaking windows and videotaping their actions with inside the capital is an abomination.
Interesting listening to the callers. We called for investigation into voter fraud, they say there's nothing there, we say if there's nothing to hide why not go forward with the investigation.... and now they're throwing that same logic back ie. If we got nothing to hide, let's allow witnesses???? Ugh, this is another russian hoax story, all smokes and mirrors
If GOD is with Donald J. Trump who can be against him. Doesn't anyone have anything good to say about D.J.T. D.J.T. can't say anything in his defense because, his surrounded by a lot of darkness, and he is the only light in the dark shadows.
What about all the witnesses who said fraud  happened during election but they not matter why would the fake witnesses the left get to impeach Trump matter they mean nothing
Donald Trump you must be doing something right, it is evident with all the opposition taking place.
Dems dems dems and soft rights so terrible that this clown group is who makes choices for anything
If I learned anything today its that my nieve world view of good in all Men is dead. You do what you need to survive. Screw others before they can screw you.
Republicans are worried more about their own tail than doing the right thing
God loving folk and Patriots plz watch this and laugh   https://youtu.be/he1kAKMFmDY   love u all <3
Biden is killing jobs and bill is buying up all the farmland. This is going to be a real show. I'm just waiting for the austerity measures.  No food, no welfare, no money.
Sen Susan Collins not once acknowleges the public’s concerns of election fraud in her photo op moment. The denial by swing states to cooperate in a forensic analysis of Dominion voting machines, the hours of witness testimony with sworn affidavits of the corrupt counting of ballots. The suitcases of ballots pulled from under a table at the State Farm Arena in Georgia. Numerous videos of more improprieties and obstruction at voting centers. THESE are the REASONS President Trump represented the citizens by voicing a RIGGED ELECTION because it was! His 80+ Million supporters and 30 % of Democrats Agree. The Denial by judges including SCOTUS to look & hear the evidence are WHY there couldn’t be a “Peaceful Transition” of power. Every check and balance entity has abandoned their duty of seeking TRUTH. VP Pence DID FAIL America by not acting to uphold our VOTES.  This Impeachment exercise is Absolutely Disgusting, based on Hate and vengence. Each of you by these actions have desecrated the Constitution and all it holds for America.
What a waste of money, once they knew this was pre-planned the impeachment should have stopped right then & there! That made it obvious his speech had nothing to do with it besides that it started 20 minutes before his speech was even over smh we need a new congress with term limits and no lobbyists!
And Amen in the name of Jesus christ the great and thank you.
Hey DemonCrats. YOU'RE FIRED😂😭👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽#Drain the Swamp! Let's get Biden out!!!
Another MASSIVE waste of taxpayers’ dollars! The DNC should have to foot the bill as well as pay Trump’s attorney fees. Only way to stop these frivolous political temper tantrums.
The democrats threat of extending the Impeachment Trial is a Befitting Punishment for the Republican Party that is full of Cunning and Conniving Cowards that only do what is right when it is tied to a Secret Vote that allow them to remain anonymous.
Big ol waste of time
The ONLY question that is relevant: Did President Trump tell anyone to break the law by insurrection or otherwise? NO Evidence or Proof of this was presented. NONE!! There should have been 100 acquittal votes, but there was not. We should have the FREEDOM to disagree with each other without fear of reprisal or CENSORSHIP -- If your discussions/arguments are So WEAK that they cannot withstand debate, then this should tell you ALL you need to know. As a democrat, I thank President Trump because before his presidency I never realized just how much my party set narratives that they KNOW are FALSE and SKEW/SPIN it and PACKAGE it with the help of democrat-controlled tv broadcast, cable and social media companies to the public and then it is foolish believed by many until the facts hopefully come out -- there have been MANY examples of this in the last four years. If President Trump runs in 2024, I will be voting for him.  Having said this, I wish our current President well and hope that he and his administration do a great job for our country. America FIRST 'should' be adopted by EVERY President! Period. States should NOT BE ALLOWED to change their rules of their elections to CATER to one candidate over others -- SO VERY WRONG!! Election Polls and County seats should have an EQUAL amount of Republican Poll workers and Poll watchers, especially in High Population Democrat-Controlled Cities and County Seats to make DAMN SURE our Elections are FAIR and FAIRLY COUNTED!! I don't mind losing when the candidate I voted for doesn't win, but I should be able to have Supreme Confidence, in our great country, that I lost FAIRLY!  As of today, the situation we have in our country in many of our states is that there are an overwhelming amount of counties that voted predominantly for President Trump, but since the 8 to12 counties in those states that voted for the other candidate has more population (in big cities), then we are expected to believe that there is more people overall in those states that voted for the other candidate and since most states are 'winner take all' for their electoral votes -- a candidate like President Trump can win the vote in 20 or more counties in a state, but lose ALL of that state's electoral votes because those other smaller amount of counties (8 to 12) voted for the other candidate. THIS is why states should seriously consider adopting the system that Nebraska & Maine go by where they can split electoral votes by districts -- so if the district I live in predominantly votes for a candidate, then that candidate gets my districts electoral vote. period.
Cowardly Republicans! Shameful
This is why everyone hates politicians.
Turn up the volume at 2:48:53, at which point it sounds like the Chair complains that "Glasses all f***** up now". What?
can we see video's of the people at Trumps gathering  .... !!!!!!!!! not normal people... a gang  of thugs... in front of his eyes...!!!!!!!!! 1 officer  died..... murder!!!!!!
Can we now watch Joe biden's impeachment please! The real impeachment!!!
Eat shit Democrats!
“Revenge is a dish best served cold”. Open wide Pelosi. Your words are being shoved down your throat ~ COLD!  Eat up.
Joe Biden ~now can i please get back to destroying the economy
EXPLAIN TO ME:  Schumer is not in jail for his Threatening remarks. On NATIONAL TV. Against the Supreme Court  Justice's.    When the Justices responded to his remark, it was because it was threat.  Why is he still in office?
Congratulations to President Trump and family from your many supporters.  God bless you all.
Can anyone explain me this, so technically he was impeached twice but actually not at all?!
the people Trump sent were in front of him in body armor and dressed like soldiers...!!!!! he looked and saw  them ... and then sent them knowing what they would do..!!!!!!!!
500 M spent on the troops after several hillbillies took selfies inside the capitol, now the cringe is over. Trump 2024!
These elite punks watched Americans being assaulted their businesses burnt streets taken over and people murdered and they did nothing. There was NO insurrection. The people walked into the people’s house. Now these cowards have thousands of military freezing in the cold so they can feel secure. The power must be returned to the people.
🤦‍♂️ Great use of time! Mean while, in the real world, people still haven’t gotten their unemployment!! CLOWNS
*At **2:48:54**      Whos says: "Christ, it's all fucked up now" ???  I'd really like to know. I played it several times and looked at the people, but* *couldn't figure it out.*
THE TRUMP WON 2020!!! biden cheated...
So law doesnt exist good job america
If GOD" ordained Trump to be in the presidency who can override it, if it is written who can  rewrite the script . GOD" is the author of our lives, and the author of our outcome. Who dares to stand against the man GOD " ordained to be in office . almighty GOD" drop the gavel..Over rulled..
This whole thing has been an embarrassment. Don't they know the whole world is watching. And no doubt shaking their heads.  We are not number anymore.  Haven't been for some time.  Time to get back to work. For the people who hired you.  This country is in trouble...
😂
Now that any former us president can be impeached, let's start with these suggestions: Bill Clinton George w Bush and Barack Obama
What a bunch of brain dead Zombies!
While I am no Trump supporter, I have to agree with his lawyer. He's been the only one on either side giving a damn about due process and factual integrity. I left the right due to their complete lack of honor and factual integrity, and the left isn't looking so good to me after this either.  We all heard the on both sides comment. Nobody and I mean nobody outside of that room heard Trump disparage neonazis and white supremacists until this trial.  So much hatred, so much antagonism over lies created by everyone in the media. I'm not interested in narratives. I'm interested in clinical fact. If the public had heard Trump's full comment they wouldn't have thought the things they did.
Is the C in C-Span for Communist?
What a clown show the Dems are, wasting out time and money. The president wanted to get $$ to the people that needed it well over a month before the election but Fire Marshall Nancy needed her goodies included in the bill. Disgusting human beings!
For alll future comments from devout Republicans, please give notice to the majority leader, Mitch McConnell response to this case. Please note that he completely  recognized that Trump was guilty of all that was litigated on this week but he did not vote guilty only because Trump was no longer a sitting President. The constitutionality of this case was voted on in the Senate and won by 56 to 44. After they voted on this, the constitutionality was not up for debate any longer. As a result,  Mitch's vote of not guilty is very confusing.
now get back to actual important matters
Mitch is now done, time for retirement.
Biden-Harris is an Illegitimate Occupying Regime
Trump won and you effers changed the laws illegally with 300 lawsuites prior to the election from the 2016. Historian will judge these dishonest people who voted to convict Trump. The Framers who I am of many branches would be ashamed of their actions. Their fraud and lawless action. It is un Constitution, if you read the articles of impeachment.
MAGA 2024!  YEP!
ACQUITTED!!!  ACQUITTED!!!  ACQUITTED!!!  MAGA!!!!!!
They can send home the troops now that their circus is over.
Barnham & Bayley just pulled off another good show.
Mitch, what a bastard.
A generation of people who have learned they can do whatever they want without consequence has brought us to this point.  The ultimate moral bailout.  Hate should not override simple truth and more and more, that's all I see.  An eagerness and enthusiasm to hate paired with remorseless, arrogant righteousness.
Trump will be remembered as the president that brought you coronavirus, coronavirus denial, a wall but not really, proud boys, antifa, blm, virtue signaling, and fake news. Oh and poisoned the well of politics and trust in our institutions for years to come. Thanks! 👏
I've been voting republican almost all my life....   Only voted democrat once.    I think I'm done.    Over the past 50 years, mostly the past 20, the republicans have gone from reasonable to morally corrupt and self serving.        I'd rather vote for Abbot or Costello at this point.    The republicans have lost my vote and the five votes that come from my family.   We have been disgusted with their behavior.
TRUMP ACQUITTED!!!This Should Never Have Been Allowed in the first place, and Bias Media, Democrats, and those Like Mitt Romney, and others who for whatever reason, were extorted and  pressured to give  Legitimacy to this utter waste!!! But to many , this is view for exactly what it was...the last effort in a series of planned attacks to subvert a Nation stretching back at least 5 years, with the last 20, 40, and 150 years all being related !  This last 5 years to many,  was an attack that was premeditated with Criminal intent, it was conspired, and these efforts by many where by design!!! Those who have participated in this Fraud? They are as guilty as those who planned this "CONSPIRACY" against your mind, a Nation, and a World ! Them sorry sacks who participated in this impeachment fraud? Those who distorted all reason, who generated racial hatred, who accused not only Trump, but indicted you as a Nation and you as the American People, they have grossly slandered all!!! And what's absolutely astonishing is, those who have accuse you, who have accused Trump, have falsely bared false witness against Nature, Law, and man itsself??? They are guilty of the  Charge themselves!!!The only thing These past 5 years of investigations, two Fabricated impeachment hearings, and the exposure of evidences hiden and exposed, but all it has really done??? It has connected a series of Dots that paint the clearest of pictures? It has exposed the very Corruption everyone keeps claiming we are suffering from as a Nation, and not only exposed?  It Has been covered up, protected, and a false construct developed to twist the truth of what we all have witnessed ! It has exposed the Hypocrite, the Co-Conspirators, and the criminality of all who participated in this Grand Conspiracy!!!This Nation is insane to continue to allow these Political Blood sucking vampire Leaches, to Robe, Fleece, Lie, Distort, and continue with absolutely nooooo accountability for the Masssssive Harm, Damage, and continually subversive sediciuse and personal damage they are causing! They are  Guilt of the very charge  10x's over, and "You"??? You should not allow one more second of this continual bombardment of lies, false charges, or to perpetrate and slander your mind! They now for years have deceive you, and this has got to stop!!! Protect your mind, because not only has Media and News failed you, they are actively participating in the big lie... Trump is a Victim of this Corruption, just like you and I are Victims, we all are victims of this planned propaganda of insanity we just witnessed... Stop the insanity, and hold those who voted yes to impeach Trump on these false charges, that they themselves said and did.... hold them accountable, remember tomorrow what we witnessed today, and that was???? Corruption exposed committed by both Media, Politicians, and Foreign Special interests that have infiltrated and corrupted not only a Nation, but your mind!!!!
Impeach the speaker of the house now, to start
I just gotta say I voted for trump and the man standing next to the machine kept trying to look at my ballot and shining a flashlight on it and then when I put it in the machine , the machine spit my ballot back out and said error not valid . I put it in again and it took it . So u know what I think they messed with my vote. But what do I know. 🤔 Did this happen to anyone else ?
We will never ever ever ever concede
YES JUSTICE IS SERVED THE DEMOCRATS SHOULD HAVE TO PAY FOR THAT USELESS TRIAL
Nah bro, you DIDN'T prove the facts of the case.... in fact, you presented lies that were recanted you Leftist shill.
Joe is acting up too much.
Acquitted. House managers got caught manufacturing evidence. Now President Trump needs to address the nation & tell the Washington Democrats and the house managers to kiss his ass.
American democracy is a joke.
Okay, done, now get sth done for America lame Dems.
asking what your voting on is now considered debate? jeez. definitions sure have changed these days
IMPEACH BIDEN,  CRIMINAL AND CORRUPT👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
INVESTIGATE THE ELECTION FRAUD.  WE THE PEOPLE DESERVE THE TRUTH👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
How pathetic and weak one must be to believe this circus.
Trump: So innocent they acquitted him twice!
Pelosi and McConnell were warned of pre-planned attacks by the FBI. Why did they refuse the 10,000 National Guard troops offered by President Trump?  Why   didn't they assure that every Capitol Police officer was on duty? Knowing that around a million people were coming to DC,  why wouldn't they have taken adequate security measures?  It was the responsibility of the House leaders to insure and that every security measure was taken and they failed miserably.
As far as I'm concerned, you all damn fluls, playing around with this, you all got much more important things to do, than to do this, don't u all know negative attention is better than no attention, and Americans are loosing everything as we speak, I loose my phone service, wifi, and  any form of communication and high risk with pre existing conditions, and u all fake asses saying prayers and plede u dishonor by paying attention to this stupid shit and not your Americans who pay your damn wages
Teflon Don is back!!😂😂😂😂 suck it dems
The Dems literally edited Trump's speech to make him look bad. They really didn't think nobody would play the whole clip they did this to themselves
Neguse makes me sick....dude, you're a grown up, time to find your own lane isn't it bud....the guy a total fraud... complete copycat of Obama...."stupid crap like this usually indicates a Leftist strategy" (as in, expect this nitwit to run in 2024, just watch).
GO TRUMP ‼️
Why wasn't the capitol  protected? Where did the guards be? If home security did know about the people meeting at the capitol, why was not protection to the capitol? Americans pay so much to protect so where was the protection to a building? What do I see is a political gain? The people entered the Capitol were in their own will, not because a speech or anything else, they wanted to breach the building in mob style, and they are going to pay the consequences of their own acts. The house managers altered the speech then they are fabricating false statements. The altered speech can't be presented. The security fell to do their jobs. They didn't protect the Capitol.
Sorry, I would not trust a thing that Ted Cruz says. In fact, I would encourage Texas to recall him.
Adam Bull-Schiffers failed AGAIN...
I wonder what Democrats will blame things on next.
Fuck the democRATs.... TRUMP 2024
BOOMSHACKALACKA‼️💥 GOD IS GOOD‼️🙏🏼
Funny how quickly CONgress acts when someone tries to expose their grifting, looting and theft of our money.  They along with Joey Fingers are the biggest joke that our government has ever been.  You have to be one dumb SOB to support this madness.  Regardless of how you feel about Trump.
Okay Republicans are fine with Congress being broken into and people dying on site. Meaning if Trump is reelected, there's nothing stopping anyone from breaking into federal property to maim, destroy, or kill and they can cite Jan 6 and Feb 13 as justification. Hard to know how this will benefit anyone in future as lawlessness continues under supervision of McConnell.
With potential "co-defendants" or "co-conspirators" on the "jury" it is impossible to have a fair "trial."
I hope this means Biden can do whatever he wants in his final month.
Trump 2024
56:23 Start
If the liberals warped view doesn't fit you must acquit
Best President Ever!!!!
Pelosi, drunk as usual, the lying hypocrite. Tell your fans how Biden just hired the woman who intends to cut SS to pay for the debt he’s running up. He just did that and she just said that. Enjoy your poverty, libs!  Way to keep people distracted with this BS while you plan to steal everyone’s money again. SS is not an “entitlement” as she stated and Biden didn’t correct her. YOU pay into that every week of your working life.
I'm hearing a lot of corona in that room.
Slick Mitch does it again.   Before the trial he was quoted as saying that Senators, even Republicans, should vote their conscience. Yet, his closing speech made it clear that he believed that Trump should not have been convicted because it would not be Constitutional for a Senate to convict a former official. However, how, as a Senator, am I able to vote my conscience if I may vote to convict someone whom the Constitution does not allow me to convict?   By not allowing the trial to begin before Trump left office, which, in effect, prevented House Managers from sending the case to the Senate in a more timely manner, it appears as if he had made sure the case would go nowhere.   Classic case of McConnell playing hot potato.
Pelosi, Schumer and the dems lawmakers are obsessed of destroying our best president ever.  You wonder why?
This is America.🇺🇸 Where you can be President, instigate and incite an insurrection while in office and be acquitted by the Senate. The American Dream! 🇺🇲
Shame Republicans.  Scared of who.  Yes we know.  Don’t offend  your leader.  Enjoy.
Breaking News:  *TRUMP WINS AGAIN !!!*
It s a sad day for the United fools of America...no shining light...just darkness
THEY LIE!!!!!!!
God bless our Nation 🇺🇲
The American People needs Donald J. Trump to come back in the White House
Useless politicians
America you are done, don't ever intervene in any other nation politics. Cuz now we all know Democracy is soo bogus. Live China and Russia alone and other countries you are trying to force them into democratic way of government. Cuz of Democracy, America has kill many good and strong leaders like Gaddafi and Co
