2025 still listening, love the music of the 70’s, I was in my 20’s in the 70’s Brought back such good memories
this album has fly as me on it, that alone should warrant an 8
A 7 isn’t enough
meLon
Wanker, no way you hear this and think “7”
8-9 imo
It’s a 10/10 to me 😊
If it was called To Silk a Sonic you wouldve given it a 10
9
Ok this one actually baffles me xD 😆
Its a strong 9 bro
Review Unorthodox jukebox its fire
WYM 7 BRUH
This is a 9
Just a reminder that Fantano gave Sexxy Red a higher rating than this album
L score ong!!!
A 7?????? Antonio fantano this is an 8/10
16k dislikes 😂😂😂
decent to strong 9 for me
I hope they bring out a new album! After seeing a couple of videos I bought the cd to sit in the car, problem being you hardly get anywhere before you've listened to it twice. Love it so much though!
One of my 10/10 albuns for sure
If this album was called "To Pimp an Evening with Silk Sonic", he would have given it a 10.
Why does this review have 15k dislikes? A strong 7 is an amazing rating for fantano standarts
I think short albums are ideal. And this is a 10/10.
Fair. Ok. Fair. I’ll take it. Valid.
L
Just coming back to say this album is a strong 8, and anything other than Yellow Flannel is underselling this album.
I could've sworn you rated this 9/10. Either way, thanks for letting me know that from it being a 7/10, it's not worth my time, i owe you one
HOOOWWWWWWWWWW
How the fuck is sexy redd's album higher than this MASTERPIECE
I don't think i can ever forgive you for comparing After Last Night to Dick in a Box.
"70s version of future" haha
I really like how he talks about something I enjoy, like different types of music. I wonder if that's what he was going for when he started this channel, called; I realize what people like, so I will make content that taylors to it
if the album was “To Pimp a Silk Sonic” you would’ve given it a 10
Top three tracks of that album in my opinion are 1)smoking out the window. 2)fly as me  3) leave the door open
this should be higher but i forgive you melon
nuh-uh
Doesn’t every Bruno album have around 10 songs??
WTH Silk Sonic is the duo?? I thought it was the band at the back playing the instruments
15k dislikes just because of a 7?
fantano viewers dont know anything about music criticism. derivative album, i can name ten stevie wonder records that are better than this.
This gets a 7 but KSG get a 10..
If you don’t know that this record is the best record in years I feel so sorry for you.
Bruno Mars music is total garbage. Everything he ever did.
I was a bit honked off that Spotify listed this album as ‘Bruno Mars’ instead of ‘Silk Sonic’ on my Year in Review 🫤
this album is a 10 for me. it’s my favorite album of all time.
better shorter then diluted
I definitely agree with melon's 7 rating, but 777 will forever be my favorite song in the album. The funk is too strong in that one.
This album getting a 7 is such a joke. It absolutely deserves much lower than that, mainly because all the songs are trash.
This is very close to how I felt after a few listens of the whole album when it came out. It started to feel repetitive towards the end.
DAMN.
What's your review on Google maps as in the app
Ayo Anthony you would have given this a 10/10 if you weren’t beefing with Anderson. Paak  😤 Run that review baccc now!! You’re just mad Anderson got better teeth than you but the day you accept it would be the day you admit Damn should have been an 8/10  “Oh, and I’m just playing Melon you know I love you” Eminem voicemail from 2018
You need to review do wops
odiei
Bro literally just picks a random number at the end
Yo he likes an album wtf. Btw id give this album 10 its the best album for the last 10 years tbh
Haven’t watched it yet.  I’m guessing he gives it a 7 lmao
Blast off!.????? Really? Damn
100/10 album all hits no misses, silk sonic gives me vibes of sippin scotch in the winter inside a log cabin in the woods, its just so smooth silky and oof Idk enough adjectives to describe my love for this album
very biased, melon. If Bruno and Anderson were called "Kanye" and "Kid Cudi" and instead of "Silk Sonic" they called themselves "KIDS SEE GHOSTS" and they made KIDS SEE GHOSTS by kanye and kid cudi you would've given this a 10
Glad to know I wasn’t the only one that thought “after last night” sounded a lot like “d*ck in a box”
This album was atleast a light 9 and a good 10 for me
Use this comment as a dislike button. This should be an 8 at the very least.
What's up baldy
10/10
I only heard two songs from the album, and then Fantano mentioned that after last night is similar to dick in a box, I had to hear the song. Damn, I can see that. And now I heard smoking out the window, the starting( from "mustve spent 35,45 thousand....") sounds like dick in a box too
When the comment section has tunnel vision, this man literally said the instrumental falls short and it doesn't vary. He doesn't just say this album is good.
That "...in a box" comparison is uncalled for; I honestly hear them channeling Bootsy's own "Rather be with you" than anything else
Its a solid 8 at least cmon
I thought you’d give this at least an 8 maybe a 9 bruh
Bruno Mars’s whole career feels like a tribute act
I don’t know why people are so surprised that this got a 7. This album is good but it definitely isn’t anything insane or completely different. A 7 or 8 is a right score. It’s groovy, funky, dancey, and effective in what it intends to do. This album was a tad bit overhyped but it’s definitely a solid project.
This is the best album I’ve heard. 1000000000000/10 for me 🤷🏽‍♀️❤️
So proud of Anderson, saw him at Oxnard performing arts center, It was sick
nothing gets me more than the fact he gave a "controversial" opinion on an album, despite it being positive, and it ending up on his favourite albums of the year list.
I got a melon ad before watching this how superb
to be fair as someone who was blown away by the first listen, it’s hard to rate anything revivalist at 9 or 10. put it this way, if you think “Skate” is a better tune, a better composition, better vocals, and has a better audio recording than “Across 110th Street”, then you can give Silk Sonic a 9.
this was the last video i watched with my girlfriend while we were together, it’s a bad omen
I thought this album was dope but it can definitely get cheesy at times
Nailed this review imo.
I thought for sure it'd be Openthy Doortano...
Not even mad bruh we know it’s a 10
I'm sorry but that comment about after last night being a parody of Dick in a Box really goes to show your musical bias for me lol. I mean everyone has it, and this whole ranking business is really subjective, but DAMN HOW CAN YOU POSSIBLY THINK THAT. The groove is different, the harmonies are different, the melodies are worlds apart. The fuck?
Good review. Personally, I thought this album was 31 minutes of cheesy BS. They lost me at the intro and never got me back. Short length was the only positive aspect, but I still couldn't get through it without the skip button.  I viscerally hated this album, but Anthony does a great job explaining why some people like it.
This duet is like burguers and fries. 7/10
Can I get an opinion from the comments section , I been rapping for years and just recently started singing a bit . I am Afraid I only sound good to myself , Not afraid to admit it but its Stressing me out hard... If I was told I should quit it would motivate me just as much as if I was told I was Great. I guess it doesn't matter... Idk?
Let's Go Silk Sonic whatever his reaction  Noone can beat your honest to goodness doom   colab😊😊😊 just "  PUT ON A SMILE  "
i think his review is really fair
it's 31 minutes of pure bliss.            when an album is too short, he says "they drove themselves into a corner"  when an album is too long he says it's "stretched out" or "it overstayed it's welcome"  like gah dam bro make up yo mind
I'm glad that the album is shorter. How many albums come out with 15 songs in it and you're thinking to yourself that half of these tracks could be cut to trim out fat and filler. It was smart that they made it shorter because it gets people to want more
I agree that the songs sound too similar
Y'know I actually listen to the album before the review because I heard it was funk and I was itching for a good funk album and like I totally agree with the 7/10  Like yeah it's good but it's Not great
Anyone know how many dislikes this video has? I heard there’s a Chrome Extension that lets you see it.
oh, you're one of these I see. I'm gonna go with a light 3/10 on your "critique". your highhanded attempt to be smart and more knowledgeable than the rest of us is both tiresome and hilarious. it's like the unmarried marriage counselor counseling the married. the passive aggressive comments are to be commended though. you're literally a pro, however, you need to be more aware of your body language, can tell you're quite a bit jelly...lmao  no matter where you fall with your love or not for the album, there're many more thought provoking, informative, entertaining, reactions you should view and learn from. at the very least make my click worth the effort. I wasted 6:03m. side note: I'm not listening to any group named dick in a box (horrible name, that's what you really should be talking about) AND pretty sure they didn't create RnB AND positive whatever he/she/they're doing, isn't anything close to AEWSS.
Dislike
A casino commercial written  by James brown  is not a bad thing to be. Damn Melon 🍈 u weird. It was a very strong 8 to a 9 with potential to a 10 if the moment is right.
I’m convinced that fantano has like a demon In his house that he keeps from eating him by giving yellow flannel albums strong sevens
Random dude on live stream chat: this sounds similar to dick in the box.  Fantano: ah yes I now have the review score.
The album definitely deserves a 7 at best. The instrumentation on the album was underwhelming and generic which really disappointed me. The vocal production bothered me cause it doesn’t really fit for the 70’s vibe they were going for. Still the album had its funky and groovy moments which were quite nostalgic.
Wait wtf I thought this album was from the 90s
I thought I was the only one who noticed the “Dick in the Box” similarity 😂
5:19 “it is a short, impassioned snapshot of a vibe” is apt.
It’s full on tongue in cheek. Done expertly. It is what it is. Delightfully funky - with smooth production.   I don’t understand how this isn’t a full 10.
Remember guys and gals, melon rated lil pump’s self titled album a 7 aswell
sorry bro but any vote below 8 here is unacceptable. try again
I really like their music videos. They are funny. “This, bitch, got me paying her rent!”
I should Get this cuz of My Number #1 Singer!!!🎵🎵🎵🎵🎵
Never seen so many people upset that he only liked an album but didn't love it
This is the new DAMN. lmao
I would have given it an 8
Wow, 21k likes, people must really respect his opinion on this one
Classic commercial reception yay, critical reception meh. Happened to Led Zeppelin too.
Wait so this got a 7 and so did DAMN. and 7 + 7 is 14 and if you round to the nearest ten you get 10  Therefore DAMN. is a 10
there are some flaws, and it's too short, plus the  3 singles body the other songs on the album...but that said it's an incredible dose of nostalgia, I think 8.5-9 is more of where I'm at....I'm just really hoping they can make either at least one more album...or they can guest star one song an album as silk sonic on each of their respective future releases, eitherway this duo is amazing for music as a whole , one of the most talented duos we may ever come across from a musical perspective ( can sing, dance, rap, play a multitude of instruments and embody multiple styles of music )
I’m not reading any comments till I watch the whole video
You a legend fantano
Very good, keep it up!
Why does this have so many dislikes?
Wow, people are salty for the rating he gave it hahhahah
Bruno’s still so fresh with his music. Not fair he needs a nerf 6/10
I love 70s funk so this is easily top 3 album of the year for me
Thing is, you gotta be a musician to be a good critic. Like a really tight and good musician.
Hi Onthony. "Day / Night" ( from Parcels) needs a review.  I't's soooo cinematographic...
Not saying I'm biased for the album, but if he doesn't give it a 10 we riot Edit: f*ck
Review Zack Fox's album
Listening to all the Grammy nominations, there are only 2 stand out artists- Silk Sonic and Jon Batiste. Everything else is “good not great” or just mediocre. My perspective is based on years as a pro musician, 6 different instruments, rock, jazz, classical groups, music courses at Berkeley, blah blah. It doesn’t make my opinion better than anyone else’s but it does mean that I can explain why these two artists are better.
melon: "A fun little blast of classic soul revivalism." comments: "FUCK YOU. FALSE. PIECE OF SHIT. UNSUBBED."
He said 8 he said LIGHT 8 yes MELON YOUR NOT A COMPLETE  ASS HOLE
Ight let's face it. Strong 7/ light 8 is the perfectly suitable score for this album. People can't stand it because of the overhyped aura from first 2 singles. Don't get me wrong, this is probably one of my fav albums in this year but it's just not that legendary as rumors said.
5/10 for me, i don't see the hype
I fuckin loved this album! It’s a 10 for me
5/10 easy
24k magic and Silk sonic are NOT on the same level, and you know it melon
Melon is right
This really is some of the best pairing of artist since Gnarles Barkley, and RTJ
the dude who went on stream and told fantano about ‘Dick in a box’ is my best friend. My homie was responsible for the 7 rating instead of an 8. Sadly Universal studios copyright struck his upload of the song. Got like 35k views before it was taken down.   learned that YouTube makes you play a game to unlock your account after a copy strike
I'm over Bruno's retro shtick too, so I'm not surprised that the sound runs thin on this overhyped project.  I get it, you guys are excited that Anderson Paak finally found mainstream success, but it doesn't make this more than a lesser 24K Magic.
Good album but massively overhyped. People were already saying it was gonna be a classic before it even came out. Tells you all you need to know.
I legitimately do enjoy just listening the melon talk about these albums but I definitely think a 7/10 is pretty criminal here. It is just his opinion but cmon bubba
The Return of Botomless Pit
So I’ve never been very cultured in 70s soul can anyone give me any recommendations to start with? I really love this album and I want to hear more like it.
I'd give this video a light 5
skate is my favourite song on this album its just so good
oh really so what u just going to give them a 10 if there was a song called 101010? is that how it really is? well let me get my 'hacker' friend to sort that out and change the name
Fantano: it’s a 7 Anderson .Paak: This Bitch
You know it's crazy when you give the album a 7/10 and the viewers STILL dislike bomb the video 🤣
If no body making music like this how we’re gonna pass it to the next generation
Enjoyable 8.
Don't talk shit about this one baldy!
dislike
Ratio
friggin nerd
7 is simply way too low melon
13k dislikes
You only gave it a 7 because Anderson never showed you what was upstairs
Wouldn't be the same rating if it was calmes Thicc Sonic.
This was easily an 8, hit the nail on the head without doing anything new or conceptual in terms of a story but it didn't need to it just needed to be a perfect homage to the 70s and it was. That's what a solid 8 is to me when it comes to this album
Easily one of fantanos worst reviews, this things a light 9 at least. The way all the songs complement eachother and the general concept of the album itself is incredible. Not to mention the vocals and production are light elegant and smooth on the ears. This album captures the absolute irony and back and fourth with relationships. From the way they present the album to how they execute it it’s just an amazing album and does not deserve a 7 in my books.
your simple ✨wrong✨
shit opinion lol.
Dislike
the removal of the dislike button is the luckiest thing to happen to this man
dislike.
dude legit has a melon for a brain omfg
ratio
This dude really just took away points from his rating because he thinks the album wasn't original. This duo literally modernized and mastered a genre back from the dead, and he gives it a strong 7. Ok.
Just came to this video to see if he gives the correct opinion. Smh
Nobody cares about white dude reviewing an R&B record
Is it just me or is this album surprisingly underwhelming?
Seems a lot of people are unhappy with this 7 score.  Personally I think this project is a 9, but I'm someone who adores Anderson .Paak's music and so I have seen  time and time again that Fantano isn't someone who is on the wavelength of Anderson's style the same way that I am.  Which is fine.  People are allowed to disagree about art.  Melon names 'Blast Off' as his least favourite track.  I think it's epic, and one of the best album closing tracks in years.  It moves me and leaves me floating at the end.  These 2 artists have brought out the best in each other throughout the album, and their attention to detail in virtually every moment of every track is exactly what pop music needed right now.   Even completely putting aside the throwback style (which personally I love - it's one of my favourite genres), the technical elements of the vocals and the instrumentation are absolutely top shelf.
For people who can't see the dislikes, it's on 12K now.
7 out of 10? I'm done with you... You're 🗑️
False
These 12k dislikes r doing my heart good
What did Bruno's previous album got?
After last night is the best track how is it not in your favs
Amazing album.
I respectfully disagree with you. This shit is a 9
Dude I’m sorry but can u make a 10/10 album? No so take it easy
I believe we are now due an abba review to make up for the score of this one
do adele’s album next
Album was mid
7 is a good score
I'm a Bruno Mars fan and listener from Indonesia what i see about new Bruno and Paak collaboration is getting steadier, but some Bruno Mars mainstream fans did not reach that
it's like a strong 6 or light 7 for me just cuz I don't like bruno that much but I like paak
love it!
Would love to have heard if you think there will be a follow up or if this is a one off type of project. OR do you think they take their genre influences to the next decade with a more 80's inspired sound next? Or back to the 60's?
Missed opportunity to give this album a "777"
9/10 this was a special collab, the chemistry between these two is great. A lot of fun moments along the way
Idk I feel like Anthony nailed this score. :/
he’s so lucky the dislike ratio isn’t visible anymore
Dislike
I like oranges, what’s your favourite fruit Mr Melon?
Not gonna lie your reviews take all the joy out of the music
I just started getting into R&B/Soul. Listened to a bunch of bootsy collins and Roberta flack because of Ludwig Göransson and Redbone. I'm glad it was a short album because the flow of the whole album was very much the same, and I got a bit bored like halfway through. I don't think I could stand a 15 track album like this.
idk why ppl are mad when a 7 is a good score
I don't care what anyone says. IMO silk sonic are without a doubt creativa, unique and original in that nothing that you hear today sounds like this at all and they've reinvented this style and brought it to the modern era.
One thing that feels overlooked for me is the impeccable production. Bruno and Anderson could have written a bunch of soul/funk songs that had glossy, sterile, modern production, but the way the album was produced makes it actually sound like it was from the time period they were paying homage to.
You know what... I agree 100% with the melon in this one
id give it a nine
Dayglow Harmony House next plsss
Definitely disagree on after last night that the best song on the album
Huh I actually agree with this review. It is a fun listen still though.
Anthony let me EQ your audio
y’all don’t even know how satisfied the delivery of a strong 7 really is just by looking at these comments 💀
Why is this man on YouTube sorry but it’s a straight 10 for me
If you guys want a spoiler, this video has 12k dislikes atm
I don't think it's fair to criticize a throwback album for lacking originality.
*Music critic:* 79/10  "What a fake fan. Doesn't know anything smh" 😠   *Music critic:* 80/100  "YES FINALLY I AGREE RARE W LET'S GOOOOOO"
it's too derivative imo. not enough innovation or stylistic differentiation and that's alright, but it will never be a 10/10. 10/10 albums are either innovative or have stylistic differentiation from anything else
"70's version of Future" perfectly said mr. fantano
Bro I love you but this at least deserved a yellow flannel. Disappointed
You should probably review CA7RIEL's "EL DISKO" or Kimbra's "The Golden Echo". Jusayiiiinn.
Touch grass my guy
Is a 7 not yellow flannel worthy anymore?
Strong 7 to light 8! Not a bad score.
use this comment as a dislike button
I like your adjectives, Anthony
Gonna be honest.. lazy review
But, it’s a 7, it’s a good score… y’all are confusing
im so confused with all the dislikes he literally gave it a strong 7 to light 8 what more do you people want  this thing was good but not life changingly good
Stick to reviewing rap albums please, these albums showing true musicianship are way too high out of your league
7GN
Album is MID. 3 good songs 5 boring songs and an intro. Anyone calling this a 10 is a hypebeast that needs to go outside and touch grass
The modulations on blast off are incredible
I wish they diddnt use auto tune
Melon you can't give this a *'Not Good'* just because "silk is a very quiet fabric"
Interesting to see all the dislikes and disagreement. I agree with Fantano on this, imo it was a 6/10. I've heard music like this before, just look at Bootsy Collins who even featured on the album. It was done well but I've heard it done better before. Would be a 5/10 for being average, but I increased it by one because there was nothing new or outstanding about the album but it was done well for what it was even though the sounds were familiar.
I thought they were called "Silk Sonnet".... that's a much better name imo.
How high are your music standards bro?
next album Bruno mars in 2041
“By no means is Silk Sonic an inventive music project” there, that’s why this got a 7.
IGN out here doing there best cosplay. No 8-10 because it didn't make you FEEL like Silk Sonic.
Albums should be shorter
Fair rating honestly for as much as I love them both separately. I also wonder if they didn't release Skate and Smokin' Out The Window as singles if reception would have been better.
I'm half in the video... this will be a solid 7.
If this was called Kids See Silk Sometimes you would have given this a 10 Anthony.
10/10 for me. Short and to the point, enjoyable listen 99%  of the time.
i don't get it. 7's a positive score. he gave a lot of great albums a 7
🤦🏽
The album is so mediocore for me i would have Said 5
honestly strong 7/light 8 is a fair score.
Can you please Review yebba's new album please
Artistic cosplay is great
this is a 10
yeah the singles were amazing, the new songs were good but not great imo
The fact that people are having a melt down over this dispite it receiving a positive score is pathetic
I don't even watch music reviews anymore on YouTube. It will ruin your taste in music and make you hyper analyze everything. This video reminded me of why I did that lmao
Oh brother. Touch some grass bro
Dislike
No
Sorry, but a 7!? ...cmon, it's wonderful. I'm gonna go with 10😎😌✋
Yeah, first 3 that were released were the best by  far on the album
I think Silk Sonic is a load of overblown pastiche crap, but the millennials dig this shit.
I kind of expected a "meh" type of score from Anthony, but it doesn't mean that I understand the way he rates things to this day. Just in terms of sheer musicality this record deserves something in the 8 or higher range imo. It's musically complex and still easy to listen to for the average person, which is a really hard thing to accomplish. For most artists it's one or the other.
why's everyone mad?
Huh. It’s not authentic despite collabing with Bootsy Collins himself? 🤦🏾‍♂️
I’m surprised you didn’t talk that much about bootsy’s role on this album.
This is the easiest 10. Literally the only thing I could critique about the album is the length, which is a testament to how good it is.
So is this why they are getting rid of the dislike button?
Wrong about cancel culture, wrong about  Dave Chappell and wrong about silk sonic. 3 strikes and you’re blocked. See ya never loser.
Slanderous
“Like a 70’s version of future”……………………………………..iconic
lil nas x got a 7 remi wolf got a 7 now silk sonic is gettin a 7 7 is the highest number anyone can get from now on
Ah yes, the Lawyerstein Verdict: "Wouldn't it be crazy, if despite all the evidence showing how excellent this album is, that you STILL gave it a subpar score? It would be insane, you'd be all over the news, you'd need to get your own press secretary."
Meh, fair enough, super duper duper fun album but I can see how it doesn’t crack into a 9 or 10
A 7????? 13/10 dude
Woooowwww what a fool
Why you guys dislike.. LOL Its really good review
i give it a 7.5/10   the few songs i enjoyed were awesome, the others were good enough to not skip. id like to hear some more from paak and bruno
least fav track blast off I've been thinking for a long time that you're always choosing the best song on the album as the worst track
A strong 7 to a light 8 is a pretty positive review. People just be mad he didn't feel the exact same way as they did.
This album is 7 or 8 honestly. If it was a 10/10 masterpiece record then that would mean it certainly is better than a lot of similar music from the 70s but it's just not the case. Just listen to Rock n Roll Gangster by Aalon, I think that track is better than anything on this album.
"a really elaborate casino commercial written by James Brown" is a great, great compliment that song doesn't deserve. In large this album captures the sound of 70s Soul music but they forgot one thing - the Soul - You know, lyrics with meaning and real emotions portrayed through music. It just made me want to listen to real 70s Soul really. 6/10
If I could give you 1k thumbs down myself I would!
Cool review 😎👌
777 is track 7 on the album, interesting influence...
I agree that it's too short and there's not enough variety, the second half of the record got kind of tired, but since the sounds aren't exactly original or new like you said I suppose that's bound to happen? You can only redo the same things so many times before it gets repetitive. I wish they would have included more heavy funk or other genre types reminiscent of the 70's type feel they were going for
Totally agree with the critiques, and the conclusion that it doesn't stop us from really having a lot of fun with it
Melon trying to distract us from the fact he gave MBTF a 6
guys quit it anthony is obviously sturring up controversy to distract us from the fact that logic is biracial
Anthony: This album made sweet love to me, showed me the face of God & let me kiss him on the cheek, and cured world hunger. Light 7.
He just wanted people to spam that dislike button before it disappears, real review coming out soon
RATIO
Why are people whining about a strong 7 / light 8 like how many times do people need to be reminded that that is a completely respectable score? This isn't grade school, a 7 from TND isn't a C- it's like "This was a pretty good album but I didn't love it as much as I felt I could have."
A 7 isn't a bad score, guys
I think what keeps AEWSS from being higher than a 7 is because of it's unoriginality. In some way or another, we've heard all these tracks before. It's not like Bruno isn't known for taking the inspirations from the decades before and putting a splash of lime on it ("Finesse" is just "Remember the Time", come on man). That's the same thing with this record, it's all songs I feel could've been B sides to other artists (you can't tell me "Fly as Me" isn't straight up "Shining Star" from EW&F). Though at the same time, that doesn't stop this record from being any less enjoyable because I adore tf out of this record. I think 7 is the right score, but it has 10/10 replay value.
At least an 8, never a 7 tho
guys just because a bald guy said 7 - this is the album of the year 10/10
Melon would have given the album a 10/10 if the album was called "all night with silk sonic"
Again I have to ask why people think 7 is a negative review
Melon, even though you give the album a 7, i don't think silk sonic will let you spend an evening with them
Mall music
For now there are 11K dislikes here in this video
Why are we mad at him again??
Not to be different from the crowd, I can see how people like the album but personally I find it really boring. It's like an echo of amazing 70's music. It's seems like something that in theory is so fucking cool but in reality it's just...eh. but I'm glad popular music is moving into this direction
I think the 7 is too high. Album was repetitive, but decently enjoyable. It’s a 4 or 5 for me.
Slapthony Metano
For a mainstream album, yeah it’s god tier. Compared to a lot of other shit that gets put out anyway. But in the grand scheme of things, yeah 7s fair. 777 literally sounds like jungle boogie lol
Kanye fans: “first time?”
The most fun I’ve had listening to music in a long time. A solid 8,5 👍🏻
Agreed
people are so butthurt its unreal
Respect the opinion and score. I can kinda agree it fell a bit short in some aspects but was still at least an 8.
Artistic cosplay is accurate
People getting offended at fantanos score like he's not just another dude with subjective opinion. Is his score going to effect your own??
First needle drop I’ve ever swapped accounts to award a second dislike. Better luck next time Melon.
I like the general concept but the aesthetic is a little cringe.
The only reason why it's 31 minutes long is because they already thought of live shows and touring with thid and 8(9) songs is optimal given their age and demand everywhere. You dont want them burn out singing for an hour every single time.
the world of music critics is weird he gives this album a good rating and gets bashed for it lmao
I have never seen so many people get mad at a 7/10 before
How is a 7 bad?
i dont understand the reaction to this review at all. it's a decent pastiche of 70s soul with nice catchy melodies. i enjoy it a lot but it's nothing that incredible.
Same rating as the lil pump tape 🤦‍♂️
review SELF ESTEEM'S 'Prioritise Pleasure' next
11k dislikes come on fantano you should have given it a 4 to farm those invisible dislikes
I agree, pretty fair review.
Well of course they had to limit themselves with instruments because thats how most r&b music sounded. As an album to call back to classic music, they cant have stuff like blasting 808s that would make it sound more modern, but they did explore that modernized feeling in 777. Plus this project took years to make, there’s probably a bunch of songs and ideas that got cut because they believed it wasn’t good enough, or didn’t bring enough nostalgia. It’s like asking somebody to repaint the Mona Lisa but not make it look like a copy and paste. It’s possible, but pretty fucking difficult, and these cats pulled it off very well. 7/10 is alright, but an 8/10 is probably more reasonable imo
Like someone said. Albums like this are good bc if they go for like almost an hour it just has me picking and choosing. Having it for a short time feels good bc it makes me want to go back and listen every other day or something since it’s short and catches your attention a lot
11K Dislikes Shesssssssssssssssssssssssssss
He was a bit overly critical on this one. I give this review a chill the tf out and enjoy the music out of 10.
Damn bro you are tough af 😅😭
I thought Blast Off was a fantastic outro. It isn’t that deep.
This album was a huge surprise for me since I’m not really a Bruno Mars fan. It’s such a joy to listen to. It’s an 8/10 for me.
Can't lie it's a good album I just didn't enjoy it.
7 IS A GOOD SCORE WHY IS EVERYBODY SO ANGRY THIS ALBUM IS NOT A 10
Fantano is more Confident now that the Dislike Button is deactivated.
Oh oh no Yellow Flannel this is why Youtube deactivated the Dislike Function huh?
I guess fantano doensn't like music that much.
im gonna listen to some dick in a box now
what in the early april fools joke is this anthony? bro…
He lucky YouTube hiding that ratio!!
I personally just felt kinda meh about this record. I might need to take another listen, but I would give it like a strong 6
Massive departure from your stream Tony
You don't like Blast off because it is the last track of this fantastic album innit
*NO LAWD!*
Solid project. My only real gripe is on Blast Off. Really good song but I wish it got more dramatic towards its climax similar to Beyoncé’s Love On Too where it just builds and builds which would’ve been appropriate given the name of the song
:(
Productionwise this is on Micheal Jacksons level
for once i completely agree with melon
"This fun little side project of well-produced retro soul jams didn't get a 10?! My life is turned upside down!" - people who definitely understand music
Never has a 7 felt like a bigger slap in the face than now.     DAMN.
didn't say ONE THING about Fly As Me 😩
use me as a dislike type beat
A moment of silence for those 11K or so dislikes.  May they Rest in Silk.
I agree with what u said throughout the review. I personally enjoy the album&wish the album had more tracks. Hopefully they do another album together.
Spot on!
Why are people mad over a 7? That’s a high score for Fantano
7 is correct. 777 is just silly. There are some lyric issues on tracks aside from “Leave the Door Open” too. I hope .Paak and Mars keep making music and making this sound better.
Skate is pretty weak, still an 8 for me
if this is too brief then what about kids see ghosts?
He be repeating MBTF review
If it's so easy, then you sing it, Melon
10k dislikes over a 7 rating is crazy
Couldn't have expressed my opinion on this one better. It's a good album but nothing revolutionary; anyone who thinks this is serious AOTY material is kidding themselves
I ONLY heard "Light 8", so you really should've put on the yellow flannel
how dare you do that to “777” and “after last night” ? both are AMAZING! deserved at least a 9
7s that have gotten the most controversial receptions:  Kendrick Lamar - DAMN  Lil Pump - Lil Pump Mixtape Fiona Apple - Fetch The Bolt Cutters Sufjan Stevens - Carrie & Lowell Frank Ocean - Channel Orange Lil Yachty - Lil Boat 2 Silk Sonic - An Evening With Silk Sonic
After that disgraceful Limp Bizkit review (you know, the one with all the effort and hard work) I’m done here. Ok so it wasn’t your jam, but there was points to make out. Anyway we take care of all that over on the Podcast (coming up the ranks on Apple and Spotify) I just hope that uninspired train wreck review was not monetized. For all the viewers that wrote in the comments section that it was good, funny and fit the album. This is his message to you as he ate his sandwich “Thanks For The Money Dummy”
its an 8 from me
Abba
Anthony the people override your decree. This album is a 10/10.
BIG L
L Score, Melon
Okay I’m gonna have to give Anthony a light to medium 6 on this one
Waiting for the Aesop Rock X Blockhead “Garbology” review.
Bruh
Anthony 7tano
Remember that Melon is sitting while doing this
Just as good as Lil Pump - Lil Pump? Yeah sounds about right.
MELON. REVIEW THE NEW ARIES ALBUM. LIKE SO HE CAN SEE
This album reminds me a lot of the Off The Wall era of Michael Jackson
Anthony would’ve given it a 10 if the song 777 was called, “101010”
Bruh.
this mans ears can’t be real
Booooooo BIG L
"Not exactly original", yea come on melon ffs
Use this comment as a dislike button for when YouTube removes it
honestly i agree
I mean you gave Carrie & Lowell a 7 when it came out... This review hits me in the same way
STRAIGHT L
If this were called To Pimp an Evening with Butterfly Sonic Melon would’ve given it a 10
Do garbology by aesop rock pls
People who give this album a 10/10 haven’t heard any other funk/soul record in their life
Bruh, people that think this is a 9 are crazy lmao
I’m want a special edition re-release of the novel “American Psycho”. I want the author to add a chapter where Patrick is giving an album review but the review is just a Melon review written down.
First time i agree with you, unsubscribed.
Lmfao no way he gave it a 7
Good cuz it’s mid
im so glad im not this knowledgable about music as a whole as it allows me to enjoy and not overthink all music
He also gave Awaken My Love and NxWorries a 7, I'm thinkin he just hates soul and funk.
L review
How dare you
I agree, people are kind of overrating it. Some of the tracks were amazing, but some of them were weaker
Doesn't even mention Bootsy Collins sultry input, smh my head
excuse me? a 7? was not expecting that
The dislikes made me think he was gonna give it like a 4 lol y’all are insane
I give it a 9.3/10
I mean this record was an obvious 7 anyway
How the fuck...
I really wish yt hadn’t taken away the dislike ratio so I could see the dislikes on here
Listen to JOHNNASCUS
Agreed
Why y'all booing him, he's right
There was already three 7s in this album you didn't need to add another
I really enjoyed this album and it makes hopefully that soul, funk, gospels, blues and r&b music will become popular again!
Im seeing the like to dislike ratio and 2:1 almost
Can we just all collectively agree that his opinion on music sucks
Unpopular opinion: he speaking facts
You're joking..... at least 9/10
I love you Anthony, but the final score does not d-d-d-d-do it to me
Bruh
I can’t believe no one has mentioned that this project was on Aftermath records
Strong 8 to a light 9 you potato
At least have the decency to just give it the 8.
I should have known you would screw them over with this review.... I can't take your opinion seriously anymore. Any real musician or vocalist realizes the greatness they just heard smh
Ratio???
Please do Mick Jenkins Elephant In The Room
Actually agree. Was really hyped by the singles and ended up a bit underwhelmed by the full project.
You should wash more
Personally I haven’t enjoyed an album as much as “An Evening With Silk Sonic” in a long time. One of my favorite albums of all time. 10/10
i don’t think i will ever financially recover from this
this album is definetely 9. I thought you would give it 10 but i said if not 10 then you would give 9 no no 7 is joke
It's amazing how much power one has over a majority with only 10 points maximum. 7/10 = sacrilege apparently.
Mark fisher was right
Just a reminder this man gave Weezer an 8
In what world do people get mad over a strong 7. Thats good bro.
hi fantano big fan here traslate this "mano lança o bigodin finim de cria e o cavanhaque roça xota"  for the review i say is good man
Blast off in least favorite??? L
wait a minute….. i was expecting AT LEAST a strong 8
Lthony Ltano
Ah Melon I see where we differ now.   The dick in the box comparison for all of us is actually the reason we give it a 10.
Anthony Fantano: “I absolutely love these songs”  Also Anthony Fantano: 7/10
I’m ngl after last night does sound like dick in a box
Please lets cancel this bald head he doesnt know anything about music
How can he complain about being short but gives kids see ghost a 10? 😂😂
7 is a good score.  I don’t know what the hell everyone is going on about
Giving a 7 just because isnt a black and white cover isnt a review, Melon
I saw the dislikes and I thought it was a 5 or 6, 7 is not even a low score...
Please do a review of the new Every Time I Die album 😭
Yes Lawd still better
I gave it an 8.5 idk why fantano trippin 😂
Let's be honest, we're all here for the hot takes at this point :^)
This review is once again another perfect example of why numerical scores to albums are just fucking stupid. He loves the album, its just not as comparable to other soul albums. Yall getting this pressed over a 7 lmao
LMFAO what was that 0:00
when will people understand that 7 isnt a bad rating
booooooooooooooo this is at least an 8
Shit sounds like music for a target commercial
Came in to check the dislikes but realised that this was probably the best time for Melon to post such a controversial review.
Wtf was this review?  Trying to be controversial... This review was trash
9
god himself could release the greatest album and fucktany facetano would still rate it a 6
if they got kevin parker to help them out with some tracks, I'd see that becoming something close to perfect, like the outro would benefit from his perspective.
A seven is generous. More like a six at best and I say that as a fan of .Paak and Bruno. This one is tacky and far too polished. It's great that they're pushing funk and soul in the mainstream, and this might be the gateway for kids to get into an incredible era of music, but this just doesn't compare to the classics. This is like the Robocop remake compared to the OG. Not nearly raw enough. Peep Madlib's "Black Soul" mixtape or any P-Funk instead.
Why are you lot complaining about this score? It's obviously a good score, A, and B, it's not a revolutionary album. It's fine, it's highly listenable, slick, and fun, but don't get it twisted: this record is pop schmooze, it's not some kind of artistic world-changer. It's kitsch of the highest quality, but kitsch all the same, totally unoriginal and commercialised. It's a good record, and sounds dope, it's not a 10 or some bullshit like that, cause it doesn't break new ground, it just polishes old ground.
This 7/10 only the cements the fact that deep down Melon knows Paak has the best teeth in the game and can’t accept it
damn
What's going on anymore. I legit was expecting a 10
This was because of the Dick In A Box similarity, isn't it?
If this was called a night with silk sonic you would've given this a 10.
*Talks about the album having a short tracklist* *gave a 10 to KIDS SEE GHOSTS*
Melon really boiled down After Last Night to Dick in a Box, come on.
People are actually mad about a 7/10? Jesus Christ y’all are weird.
The Donald trump of music reviews. Just saying shit for the sake of controversy
If logic made this you would have given it a 6
?
When people are arguing in the comments over a positive 7/10 score, you know the album is that DAMN. good.
i’ve listened to the 3 promotional singles over and over again just because they’ve all been stuck in my head since they came out
Don't worry guys, his opinion will change soon.
7 isn't a bad score, though we all definitely expected a 10 Anthony
Don’t let this review distract you from the fact that Pitchfork gave this album a 6.4
anthony heard they are getting rid of the dislike button so he's just being a little too honest from now on out
Imagine being this wrong.
He did say strong 7 slight 8. I can rock with that. This is their first album which was all about fun and bringing back a style that is not easy to revive in modern times. I love it! 10/10 for me.
For when the dislike counter is removed: 14,457 likes 8,768 dislikes  Edit: 16k likes 10k dislikes
Melon loves to be controversial
Saw no yellow flannel in the thumbnail and immediately lit one up to smoke out the window.  I hope you walkin' 'round barefoot in these streets for this one, melon
expecting the "You would've have given it [Blank] if it was called [Blank]"
More than strong 7 to light 8?? This album is nice but not good more than 8.
He won’t give an album over 7/10 unless it’s very original/experimental
Couldn't agree with you more on it feeling short. Still a great album but 9 tracks is horrible! After "Put on a Smile" it got bleh for me.
How is this disliked so much, its still a very positive review lmao
Someones taking advantage of the lack of a dislike button.
A 7/10 is a totally fair score for this album. I don't know why people are bitching about it.
7/10 these nuts, respectfully
You don’t know what you talking abut anymore and it’s obvious.
I'm sorry anthony but referring to the track 777 as DAMN DAMN DAMN isn't a review
Wait bro a 7? I think this might be the only ever review that I expected something higher lmao, damn did them dirty
i love this entire record it’s just so smooth and pretty
Go listen to album, it's better than a 7.
Just because Silk Sonic brought us back to the 70s, doesn't mean you gotta choose 7 to respect them
Are you gonna review the new aries. honestly i thought it was eh. welcome home had a much more appeasing sound.
Worse review than MBDTF. This album objectively deserves nothing less than a 10.
Why so many Dislikes? Does everyone Think This deserves a 5? Lol
if it was igor you would of given it a 9/10
bald clown man.
LIL PUMP.
I normally don't listen to albums but since this one was so short I was pleasantly surprised and enjoyed the whole thing. Had a quick cig and listened to it all the way through.
idk bout u melon im still groovin to this album
Guys c'mon, it's a great score. It was never a 10.
ABBA Voyage review?
Taylor swift
gotta give this review a 4/10 for being predictable
don't worry tano i still love u
wtf clown its a blatant 10
Bruno and Anderson: “7! 7! 7! LET’S GOOO”  Anthony: “Way ahead of you.”
NASHEY
Fantano, can't leave the door open, we have an inside only cat.
Fantano be like: Holy crap, this album is a musical masterpiece. It will continue to influence the shape of music for the next decade and stands out so much in the music industry. I'm feeling a light to decent 7 on this one.
What's with all tge dislikes? He gave it a Strong 7 - Light 8 and that's really good
This review is bullshit. Deserved atleast a 9. Also didn't even talk about how it's a concept album. Sad.
he couldve put up the light 8 and people wouldve been happy lmao
What's with all the dislikes?? He gave it a 7 which is really good
The last time Bruno got 7 was with 24K Magic. So you’re telling me there’s a chance for another 6 grammys awards a night? *wink2
If Fantano had reviewed "An Evening With Silk Sonic" in 1976 he would've given the album a 9/10.
I wish they could’ve tried to venture a little more into Bruno’s traditional elements of pop and Paaks traditional elements of hip-hop, but I understand why they decided to keep the album short and the songs similar
I think we all knew how this review was gonna go before the record even dropped lmao
How do I dislike a review more than once? Personally, I’m tired of albums being well over an hour, and this album was a joy to sit and listen to for around half an hour. A majority of tracks were enjoyable, it read as 2 super talented musicians having fun making fun music. What is there to hate, light 9 out of 10. Not perfect, but certainly really enjoyable.
Who else here knew that he was going to give it a 7?
Can you do a King Crimson tier list next pls
I rate this as 8.5/10 but not surpirsed hes given it a 7 😂
you're so predictable melon
This is the new MBDTF
I feel like you can’t punish them for only making it 30 minutes long, it shows that rather than go for 2-4 more songs, they had the control to not sacrifice quality and add subpar tracks, strong 9
I think it's a 8 concept album, but a 9 execution. I feel it's really hard to fault the performances, and I hope we get a "Morning with Silk Sonic" album or other creative endeavor. Gimme the goods!
Just because you didn’t like the album as much as other people doesn’t give you the right to give it less than a 10, anthony
The album length would be fine for me if the singles had longer extended cuts of the songs. “Skate” is such a great song but it’s too short in my opinion. I knew before I heard it that it wasn’t gonna be anything groundbreaking but I knew it would be a nice, upbeat break from all the soulless and quantized music that’s so popular now. Great album though.
LM Aooooooooo people giving this a 9-10 never listened to 70's soul. This is literally the tip of the iceberg. CASUALS THE LOT OF YOU.
"so expect a big fat yellow flannel on this one"
Use this comment as a dislike button
e
This review is probably going to be the MBDTF and DAMN of the 2020’s.
this was an easy one and you still fumbled
I would have accepted a strong 8. But a Strong 7… you’ve gone too far Melon!!!
dont ever throw dick in a box under a bus like that! that song is musical gold.
As much as I enjoyed the album, the thing I loved about it the most was it reminded me of when I started falling in love with my girlfriend.   This album just makes me smile and makes me think of those memories 😊 There's no way anyone can dislike that album.  Update: In 2023, I proposed to my girlfriend and we’ve just bought a house together. Still love this album!  Update to the update: We got married in November and she is next to me sleeping as I write this. Still a wonderful album
press the zero key over and over
This is definitely a legitimate review, it’s not about the catchiness, it’s about the lasting impact and replayability. As good as this album is it’s not memorable enough to get more than an 8
Looks like he took the song “777” to literally
People still value this clowns opinion in 2021? crazy
If the song "777" was called "101010" you would've given this a 10.
This is gonna go down in this channels history as one of the most bad takes
waiting for the apology video and redux review
wrong
A light 8? That's what people were throwing a shitfest on twitter over??? Geez imagine if he gave it like a 3 or 4
Correct this album is definitely just as good as lil pump.
7 is right
i respect melon for not going along with the crowd. This is white people music Lol if you think this is anything new then you 100% do not listen to soul
do y’all think he likes getting bullied?? because otherwise i cant figure out another reason he would continue to give these wrong opinions
your one of the last people who needs to tell his listeners to subscribe and hit the bell, come on man, you don't need to say that, your already great.
This will be an iconic low score from Anthony fantano
I do agree with the deja vu feeling in the record. A lot of the songs had the same elements to them.  BUT….. absolute fucking banger
Lmao white people are mad as hell in these comments
So biased, always
oops it's all Ls
Shawn cee was right
Only reason it isn't a 10 is because he knows andy has the best teeth in the game
This album reminds me of Cheatin’ by little brother 😂
I've been saying for a while: 80s are out, 70s are in. Dua Lipa, St. Vincent, Silk Sonic... This will be the decade of 70s Revival.
IDLES REVIEW PLS
Not what I expected
The songs were solid but I do agree the writing got stale after a while. The thing is that staleness came at track three lmao, very light 3, I GET IT SHES HOT  Also according to their story, after spending some time with her and smashing once, ONCE, it deadass annoyed me how clingy they were being lol
I swear this audience sees a 7 as a 3
So you are telling me that this got the same score as lil pumps self-titled mixtape from 2017? Good one melon
Paak and Bruno compliment each other so well on this, just like Ye and Kudi on KSG. If KSG got a 10, this should at least of gotten an 8
No.
Well that was underwhelming.
I challenge you to review A-Reece: Today's tragedy, tomorrow's memory
anthony heard they are getting rid of the dislike button so he's just being a little too honest from now on out
this is as bad as mbdtf
Oh man this will be MBDTF part 2 in terms of hate
after last night is a perfect song.
Usually I can get past a review I don’t agree with because it’s his opinion… but a 7??? Come on.
dawg
Nope
if the song 777 was called “101010” it would’ve been a 10
Ratio
It’s DANM. All over again…..
DAMN
Love .paak but I can't get into bruno mars' parts because they always sound so perfectly manufactured like the rest of his discog historically  still at least an 8 tho ngl
Comparing after last night with a meme song by a meme band just because someone in twitch chat said that proves you didn't give it a fair and honest listen, but I'll wait for the redux in 5 years haha
It's an 8 buddy
Review Parcels - Day/Night next
Giving the AotY a 7 is a bold choice
When you gonna review Snail Mail new album man
Sticking with new funk, review the new Parcels album
Only Fantano could get hate for making a positive review.
It’s moment like this that I realise I do have my own opinion
Like my comment to dislike
Strong 7 to light 8, umm you mean like 7,5 ???
That’s all fine and good, Anthony.
i don’t care what melon says, im still playing this whole album on repeat at thanksgiving next week
Bucka
I'm getting damn vietnam flashbacks
Nthony Fan Tano
What. What the fuck? Melon didn't you love all of the singles released? Bro?
(commented before watching) The album is good, the production is top notch, the songs are catchy and all the 70's soul/funk boxes are checked. BUT, it all sounds like it's just a mix of the most recognizable bits and really is borderline sampling at times. It's a good pastiche but adds not much more than modern RnB vocals. It's a good window into the huge pandora's box that is this era of American music, but it isn't up there with the 10's. It's good, but it's not "What's going on" or "Black moses" good  EDIT (after watching): Anthony is way better at telling these things than me damn
This is the most dislikes I've seen for a 7/10 😅
Damn, I saw that album cover and thought Outkast was coming out with a new album.
I am so disappointed. This album was so good. This is worse than the MBDTF review tbh. I am absolutely devastated
Oh god this is mbdtf all over again😂
I can’t ‘Put on a smile’ with that score in the description.
I'd give this record an 8.5/10 probably. Something that should be noted is that while this album is amazing, for Bruno and Anderson to create an entire career out of it would probably not go over well.
I feel like most people who are losing their minds over this album and this review have probably never listened to classic soul music before. The whole selling point of the album is that they're impersonating a very specific style and aesthetic that has existed for decades and probably hit its creative peak already long ago. And for the most part, they execute the music they're attempting to emulate really well here, but never really take it anywhere interesting. At various points during the album the intention of emulation becomes so obvious that the instrumentals begin to sound a little soulless (ironically), and if it wasn't for Bruno and Anderson's charisma on vocals, you would feel as if you're listening to any youtube free to use "type track". Almost as some kind of "genre-cosplay" (I think Melon described it really well here).   It's a good album, but it doesn't deserve more than a 7 in my opinion.
This is the MBDTF review of the 2020s so far
Gave it a 6/10. Come at me
this is what all the hollow knight fans have been waiting for!
“Least favorite track: Blast Off” Anthony, I can’t keep defending you after this
Do Felicilandia from Álvaro Díaz
If you flip the number 7 it looks like an L - something that you’re taking right now, Anthony.
a 7 and the half of ratings is dislikes? this album is NOT a 10 guys
Can't believe After Last night wasn't one of his favorite one
DAMM what a robbery
Just a 7? I know this is a retro album and for sure that is its main weakness. But the execution of this 70's styled album is perfect IMO. The playing, the arrangements, the engineering, the mixing, the mastering, it is all top-notch. And I think the boys did well keeping the album short and sweet. I believe you gotta give them a bit more credit than just a 7, I think it is a solid 8 as a 'serious' album and a 9 (or perhaps even a 10?) as a 'fun' album.
this guy likes death grips, why does anyone think that he has good taste...
tony what the fuck.
oh my god
D R O P   T H E   C R A W L E R   R E V I E W
Ratio
It’s weird.  On the one hand I absolutely recognize that this is a well made, well produced album.  On the other hand, I don’t see it as any more than Bruno and Anderson simply replicating the sound of 70s r&b without adding much to it.  They’re a band that I’ll listen to a single to, but I found it hard to get through an entire record of basically “that one neat trick “. Because it’s basically the same thing, but an entire album length.
Lol Still love the track 777. But now I can’t unhear the James Brown casino commercial analogy, and it gives me a chuckle visualizing Mr. Brown in place of Bruno and Paak on it instead. Thanks Melon
You'd give this album a 9 if it had Eminem
You know I disagree with the score but I respected the review!
You know what else got a 7...
Anyhony’s favorite tracks are always the singles lol
Am I living or just waiting for your review of Red (Taylor’s Version)?
This is the biggest betrayal since DAMN
Next up: new BIG THIEF album😜
Aries next?
Why’s everyone mad at a 7/10?
Anthony, you cant give the album a 7 just because After Last Night kinda sounds like dick in a box      I really wish i was kidding
Silk Melon Intro Leave The Melon Open Fly As Melon  After Last Melon  Smokin Out The Melon Put On A Melon MelonMelonMelon Melon Melon Off
Remember DAMN review? This is him now, feel old yet?
Feeling a strong 10 to a light 10 on this one
Agreed this album is MID, Sincerely Kentrell is clear
The inclusion of the "Dick in a Box" comparison in this review is atrocious...
Where's the Mick Jenkins?
Stop being such a contrarian Melon
They kinda botched the rollout and I think it led to a project that wasn’t necessarily rushed but just didn’t feel v complete. There was 7 months from when the first single dropped to the album and it was still only 8 songs. 3 of which we winded up hearing before it was out. For me albums just don’t hit the same if too many singles are released, especially if it’s an album of 8 songs. If they had only dropped the first single and the rest of the album was “new” I think it’d  be getting a better different  reaction
I'm having DAMN. flashbacks
I think 7 is accurate.  like yeah it's a genre piece but nothing new happening between songs it gets stale with every song sounding similar.
My disappointment is immeasurable
Album was shit.
Melon, repeating "I STILL GOT BEEF WITH THEM TEEF" for six minutes is not a fair review.
Uggghhh…thanks. Now I’m going down the Dick in Box, SNL, Lonely Island, YouTube black hole.
Jesus stop using the word respective
You didn’t have to call Bruno Mars a fat piece of chocolate cake Anthony, that’s fucked up
I will miss the dislikes on melon's videos since YouTube is taking out the dislikes
I don't think you would've noticed the DIAB parallel if it weren't for the twitch chat pointing it out..kinda weak when theres so much more to explore here
He gave this a 7/10 There are 9 tracks 9 divided by 3 is 3 7 + 3 = 10 Melons just doing a funny way of saying it's a 10/10 guys
I completely agree, the album gets extremely boring after smoking out the window.  Blast off is basically a corny Bruno song
alright this is the one that’s even worse then swimming for me… wtf is this anthony
Remember, this is the same guy who gave An Evening with Silk Sonic a 7
At least a 8, should have been a 9
7.6K dislikes and 12k likes as of 17th November 2021 1AM IST.
WHAT
Anthony you’re smoking rocks here bud, you can’t super- critic your way out of this phenomenally fun album. Your obsession with pinning this as a “copy of the 70s” instead of a beautifully fresh and modern homage is absolute cringe.
Dislike count: 6.6k
If this was called The Bruno Mars And Anderson .Paak LP you would’ve gave it a 10.
Boutta be the most 10- deserving 9 ever
Melon you can't just give the album a 7 because Anderson Paak has better teeth game
Wish I could see the dislikes on this rn 😩😩
Are people really malding this hard over a 7?
A strong 7, light 8?!?!? Did we listen to the same album?
people are debating over a fucking positive review
No yellow flannel???
Melon posted cringe
Please, make a review on Strick's new album "Strick land"
He's mad Anderson Paak has the best teeth in the game. Thats why  it's not a 10.
How does "a strong 7 to light 8" equal a 7 and not an 8?? Pretty sure when he says "strong to light 7" that's a 7 right? I thought the final number he leans into is the one that gets settled on, but ok lol
Real rap this is just an opinion. It's a 10. Vocal arrangements, instrumentation, the design, the style...it really put you in the mode of 60s and 70s music. Even the costumes and performances put people in a time machine. It's a 10. Period.
i knew you would give it a light 8... mainly because i would to. If i wasnt so biased
Imagine not having a dislike button on this video
Damn, imagine if he gave Kendrick Lamar that score, people would go nuts
Personally I had the album at a strong 8. I adore classic funk and soul music and this scratched an itch for me
7! 7! 7! Let's goooo
Anthony I am actually surprised by this. Not great man not great. It’s literally the definition of an 8.
So this is in the DAMN Category of "7" gotcha
I'm beginning to believe that 6's are actually his 9's and his 7's are actually 10's which in that case I agree, this is album of the year
one of the song reminded me of kendrick a bit with the way bruno was annunciating his word even the backing music at times. i don't what song it was but that's just my thoughts.
Where’s THE YELLOW
This has to be, in my opinion, one of the greatest albums created as well as a brilliant REVIVAL of that classic 70s sound. VINTAGE!!!
what the fuck is the algorithm. This gracious melon posts almost everyday of the week and YET they never pop up on my FEED
That one guy who mentioned “Dick In a Box” in the new music Friday stream is the reason he gave it a 7/10 lmao
He’s jealous Anderson has better teeth than him
This is a great bait tbh
nope. 10.
I LOVE after last night. It’s doesn’t get the hype it deserves thunder cat’s baseline and bootsy’s Intro... not to mention Bruno’s amazing vocals (ofc .PAAK too). It’s like the calling all my lovelies of this album.
That’s it. Prepare to be elimeloninated.
How DARE you bring up "Dick in a Box"
Yeah ok melon isn't valid anymore it's official
No..no....no...
Just because an album isn’t experimental doesn’t mean it’s not good. Bruno and Anderson are amazing performers and their talent alone gives the album a lot of credit. There’s no way donda has the same score as this album, there’s no way montero has the same score. This album is amazing, at least a 9/10
No… it’s not true. It’s impossible.
I rate this album a 777/10
Honestly I agree with most of fantano’s takes on the album. I remember listening through and falling off a bit on the back end of the record because of the similarities to Leave The Door Open, and feeling like they were running out of unique sounds to replicate. HOWEVER, i think the album was strong enough that as a whole it still rises above a 7. If he had put an 8 in the description there would be a lot less pushback, I think. Strong 8 light 9
SEVEN??????
Just because you and Anderson are fighting over who has the best teeth in the game doesn’t justify giving this a 7. So biased of you melon.
7 hahaha good one melon good one
7 7 7 Let's GOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
review finneas new album
Before it came out I thought it was gonna be a 9, but once I listened to it I figured it’d be a 7 or an 8. Partially because it’s so short, and in that time doesn’t break new ground like say Kid’s See Ghosts. Although I don’t think I’d actually want it to be much longer and I think that it was an intentional decision on their part to keep it short and sweet. I’m the end I think they wanted it to be a nice homage and I think they achieved that. Solid 8 for me.
holy shit the dislikes lmao
You guys think Anthony's review and rating is terrible, look at Pitchfork's rating, a 6.4, now who agrees?
I’m sad that YouTube are removing dislikes. Now I won’t know whether or not i should agree with Melon’s opinion upon opening the video.
Dude, do Elephunk
Typically I don’t get pressed about these reviews because at the end of the day it’s all subjective. Although the criticism of After Last Night compared to DIAB is kind of ludicrous. Just because they sound similar, that brings negative influence to the former… If that’s the case then almost every pop song with roughly the same chord progressions should be subject to the same criticism since they “kind of sound alike”… Just a thought.
How do you sleep at night knowing you didn't give this the 10 out of 10 it deserves?
a 7/10? bruh
I think it’s a slippery slope if we’re gonna demote albums that draw inspiration from other artists. Adele is about to release an album full of piano ballads. she didn’t invent that kind of music but people will still praise her. Why take away from Silk Sonic?
dislike it as long as you can
I used to love this album but i couldn’t fully encapsulate how i felt about it until this review dropped now i see it is just slightly enjoyable and more listenable than MBDTF
The Four Horsemen of "Only a 7???": - DAMN. - Fetch the Bolt Cutters - Carrie and Lowell - An Evening With Silk Sonic
Youre sick
this album is at least a 9
It's 4 A.M., I have to work tomorrow at 9 AM to go to work. Idk why, but I just woke up suddenly and I saw the phone for a sec and realized you uploaded the review. I had a bad feeling but i didn't know why. A 7 to the AOTY. I hate u. literally if that guy on stream wouldn't send the message "dick in a box" this would be a 9
he be having the worst rating recently
This album is a 9 or 10, no questions.
how could u do this to me melon? u got me out here
That like to dislike ratio tho
Based on these comments I figured you gave it a fucking 4 or something. I think seven is a perfectly fair score
Yes Fantano finally said my name, I was wondering how it sounded when he said it
Haha now where is the real review?
parcels released a new album a week ago :)
I KNEW IT
My opinions on the album: The unexpected combination of R&B, Smooth Soul, Funk, and melodic pop were all inserted into their debut record to make an undisputedly fascinating nostalgic album, sucking influences from the late 70s to early 80s music. The transitional creativity of the percussion and mind-out-of-body vocalisation was astonishingly well-executed as the chemistry between Anderson and Bruno Mars proved to be an intuitive experience. The narrative seemed to get into a downward relationship story that detailed a one-sided love story from the point of view of Bruno and Anderson. Whilst every track on the record may not be relevant to the narrative, instrumentally speaking, the thematic genre-blending experience seemed to make parallels with the classic 2019 release, "Igor". The melodic approach to most tracks appeared to turn into a near-perfect experience for me as well. The supreme songwriting and competent vocal ranges by both artists of the duo created an overall entertainment paradise. The most recognizable and acknowledged part of the record is how the instrumentation is raw and basic, yet it feels so complex due to the heavy vocalisations, this is a historic debut and will go down as one of the most fascinating debuts, I reckon. 9/10 (This was a review I wrote on RYM btw)
Huge L
I wished they would release a B side out of the blue, surprising everybody, where they try to push and innovate. Make it modern. Change the landscape. I wonder how are they going to tour a 31 min album. For a 5ishi year project with people as creative as they are, it feels short. I love it though. I’ve been blasting nonstop.
Wrong.
When you see the dislike ratio…
No wonder he gave it a seven, he listened to "An Eve With Silk Sonic".
Dislike
Your daily reminder that Lil Pump - Self-titled got the same score as Silk Sonic
Bro you can't just assume they wanted a 7 because the track was called 777
Funny, I don’t remember you criticizing bad guy by Billie Eilish for sounding like we are number 1 from lazy town, or kids see ghosts for being a short album. At least be consistent with your reviews, melon. This might not be true, but sometimes it does seem like you give scores that you know will be controversial to get more views. Even at the expense of giving an album a score it doesn’t deserve.
Finally, I agree with you on this one. Its bit quite an 8 for me either.
Shawn cee would never
Think you forgot an extra 3 points there, bud
I just want to throw out there that this album made multiple references to Rick James throughout this album.  Such as the song Put on a Smile having similar motifs to Hollywood and referencing his ad libs in it.  Since he seems to be generally underappreciated I want to put that out there.
why are people mad that he gave it a still very positive review lmao
Day 59 of commenting until Ohthony Notano reviews Carriage House by Woodward and Parker
ratio
People really Stan this album hard for some reason. Like it’s obviously pretty good but get over yourselves.
Jesus Christ, Melons' fans are the worst. 7 is a great score, are you guys high? And even if you think this album deserves 10, just read last paragraph of video description and don't be such little babies about music reviews.
U better be glad they got rid of dislike counts
I can’t wait for the mashups of After Last Night with Dick in a Box
NO FUCKING WAY, THIS IS A ROB
Everyone predicted he’d give it a 7 😂
A 7!!!????
Did we listen to the same record?
*looks at review* *looks away in disbelief* *looks again* Mm. Nah
l
this album review? it's not good
I actually agree, this shit is overrated af.
Same review as Lil pump’s debut
If he just gave it an 8 and a yellow flannel I don’t even think this it would’ve been a big deal
I feel like this has to be bait
Bad album not a 10/10
what
L score
So basically what you’re saying is,  The summer walker album is as good as this one? (not to compare the both)  Summer’s album is not bad but it sounds so lifeless compare to this album. Walker’s music is relevant, but it’s not for long term
Listen, I know that people are entitled to their own opinions and all that, and I respect that, but you're WILIN for this one Melon
how tf do you not like blast off, and how isnt after last night a highlight 😿
Harsh rating for this masterpiece
I think Bruno put my thoughts on this review best on leave the door open   Shut your trap.
I never thought that there could be such thing as a wrong opinion and, well, here we are.
damn fucked my whole day up
for me it is light 10
this not very silky of you :/
I hate it
Wtf another 10 ?
I actually agree with you and they had a lazy album rollout
That “dick in a box” comment really got in melons head
This guy has to be trolling for views…
Idk what he rated it yet, I just started the interview, BUT this album was set up to fail. WAY too much hype for this, all they can do is fail. I liked this album. It’s everything I wanted from it.
Surprised by the dislikes considering the score is a positive one
Obviously these guys are going to make good songs. They're great musicians. seemed like they were having fun, making songs like the artists they were inspired by more then making a mature soul track. Substanceless sounds like a mean word but that's what it is. It's more of a vibe albun
Just bc you make a soul record in 2021 doesn't make it an instant 10. You still need to work hard and pish limits. They got a bit complacent past the heavy hitters on this record imo
Damn Anthony out here giving Anderson .Paak 7’s like it’s nothing. (Malibu, Yes Lawd, Ventura, An Evening With Silk Sonic)
i was 100% expecting a 10
Best review fr
Anthony please review “Dawn” by Yebba ❤️
L
While I love this record I think his critique was fair. After spending 20 bucks to hear it in high quality I was surprised at the short tracklist. Still a breath of fresh air, and goddamn if this isn't lovemaking music. xD
Im at least happy that you put skate as one of your fav tracks. For some reason almost everyone else that reviewed this record had skate as their least fav track…
Yay! Not review Aries new album
Who hurt you Anthony?
crazy how silk sonic made a song about the rating their album got
awww man melon, they finna get you for this one oooweee
they both slid on this album, this cap.
Another member to the 7 club
This video has already aged horribly
The most dislikes video haha
I can’t understand how he thinks this is a “very serious soul project”. The album has its tongue FIRMLY in its cheek.
7?!?
Thus continuing the silk chronic of good reviews followed by bad scores
Lmao not the 7 💀💀💀
I mean other than the singles (and fly as me) this album was definitely not worth the hype
I blame whoever commented on the live stream that After last night sounded like Dick in a box for the 7
ONLY A 7??? MELON THAT IS CRIMINAL
Strong 7 to Light 8 is literally the perfect score
* sees dislikes * oh god he hated * hears first half of review * oh wait, he loved it? * hears 3rd quarter of review * oh god, he hated it * sees score * ok, I mean I think that's perfectly fine, it's still a high score * goes to comments * welp, guess it aint fine
Lmao all y’all mf’s that kept yelling he was gonna give a 10 are real quiet
They made 777 song just for fantano. To them it's a 10. LETS GOOOOOO
DAMN (Pt. 2)
6k dislikes on this for a strong 7 shows how overrated this record is
WHAT THE FUCK
why does this have so many dislikes????
People getting salty because a 7/10 isn't good enough for them like really?
A 7 is a gud score y r ppl all disliking this shit💀💀
Melon you better have a good alibi for this score on your next comment reaction video
AYO WTF?
gonna start the vid....... btw if this aint atleast an 8 i aint fkin witchu no more melon
You know it’s an amazing album when people complain about a 7/10
Really milking that dislike button
The fact that you think that Katy Perry - Witness it's better than this 😨😖😫😫  This album was a 9, so on your scale, it deserved a strong 8, *I mean, come on melon, NOT EVEN A YELLOW FLANNEL???*
I want to know why they dropped a single and made so much interest for the album and then they took forever to drop.
Smh
So this gets a pulitzer prize too?
Hey Anthony, long time fan of the channel and would love for you to tear apart my debut Synthwave album! ❤
come on
Personally I think 777 is an incredible funk banger. It’s true that gambling is a toxic, manipulative industry. The song isn’t arguing otherwise. It’s just a song about embracing that brash invincibility that comes with catching a lucky break, and it does so perfectly with the huge horns and explosive yelling on the chorus. For me, with so many things going wrong in the world lately, it’s refreshing to revel in that feeling of good fortune.
the amount of hidden dislikes on this video
7/10 is too high, I give it a 2/10. Leave The Door Open saves this album tbh
This feels like a meme
I genuinely thought this would get a 10...
It’s their peak so 7 is too low melon boy
Not cool, Tony
This is going to be one of the most disliked reviews on his channel Edit: well we can't see it anymore😔
F
7????
what were people expecting? He liked the album, have you people who are angry just never heard any of the music they're referencing? Light 8 is the ceiling for an homage album like this I think. You can still go hear the source material, it's better.
Anthony, you can't review this album because you downloaded it off on Limewire, please listen to the real album.
DAMN.
First LSD, now this. All this collab albums are just so short.....
THIS IS THE WORST THING YOU'VE DONE SINCE THE MBDTF REVIEW
nah
I can understand a 7. For the first time since SAWAYAMA, I have almost completely agreed with you
Nah this is not just about opinions giving this album less than an 8 should be a crime sorry 💀
dislike
Watch out Anthony, all my fellow 20 somethings who just heard their first soul album are about to tear you apart.
Review new idles
I respect this as his opinion. But one aspect I haven't heard anyone talk about is how this album and the songs will probably age better than most of the pop hits that both artists have released prior. This vibe is just a classic and you could tell instantly when you heard it. I think that's worth considering.
broooooooo
I don’t feel the passion in the project, the whole thing is more commercial than I already expected.
"it sounds like a casino commercial written by James Brown" and why would that be a bad thing
These comments are like the straight version of stan twitter
Melon🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬🤬
7??? wtf
Solid 8 to light 9 to a low but considerable 10 + 1 for trying so an 11.
Convinced nobody understands numbered Ratings anymore, how is a 7/10 bad enough to make people make the dislike bar more than half? It's a fine score.....like, what
I agree tbh
Can we get a redux please
Oh no...
Anthony: "Please don't cry"  Me: "How could I not"
>Click on this video >press pause >scroll down >press "show more" >scroll down more >Check the score >...  Douppi is typing.....
Damon album. Now.
I agree with a 7. The album is fine but it’s not even remotely innovative or boundary-pushing in any way at all. In fact, it sounds like they just wanted to make an album from the 70s and intentionally avoided any rethinking of that sound using contemporary musical themes or sounds. It’d need to do that to break into the 8 territory.
Disabling dislikes is great. It means more inflammatory comments. Good job YouTube!
I felt like the number of tracks in the album is adequate, anything more, and the LP sounds overly sweet and saturated.
Strong 7?!?
i haven’t seen such outrage over a positive review since ign’s review of shin megami tensei v…from a few weeks ago
goddamn
They left the door open so you could leave Anthony
Damn
WTF a 7?
7?  I feel like i've been betrayed  This is at least a 9 and imo a 10
Oh look at me, I’m Anthony and I’m so different
ITT, people who think this is the pinnacle of soul without ever having explored the genre in depth
ay nah bro, this one aint it, i want the vibes u was giving off when u listened to it on stream
if it was called To Pimp a Sonic you wouldve give it a 10
7 .... ? What ?
The dislikes are not disabled yet Melon
😐 misses every single time
I agree with this actually but for slightly different reasons. I just don’t think I’m that big of a fan of this type of music. But I can appreciate how well put together it is. I’ve listed to the whole thing but I don’t feel like listening to it again.
This is the first time I've felt the need to comment melon, but I couldn't disagree with you more on this one. This album is pure joy, and it's short length and consistent sound for me is not a valid criticism to bring it to a 7. Every song has its unique parts and the musicianship is at such a high quality that for me it doesn't feel 'repetitive' in the slightest- that would be like dissing 'is this it?' by the strokes just cos it keeps to the same sound. Also the shortness criticism does not work: for one, you seem to imply that they kept it this short because if it had been longer the sound would wear thin- but it isn't longer, so therefore this is more of a hypothesis than an actual criticism. And for two, you have given other short albums (ie kids see ghosts) a higher score before. Idk man, I love this album and expected you too as well, considering your reactions to a few of the songs prior to this review.
When the comments have more likes than the video
he's not wrong, yall are overrating the absolute fuck out of this project. it's not bad by any means, but a 7 is fair
The fact he gave it a score above 5 shows that he did enjoy listening to it and that's what matters in the end. I would have given the album a 9 myself since I haven't heard anything relatively as good as this album in a long while.
Leave the Door Open is such a boring song compared to Fly as Me
Strong 7 to light 8 feels right to me. Wonderful record at the end of the day.
I loved 90% of the songs. 7/10 for me.
Singles weren't even that hot
I'm beginning to wonder if you're starting to suffer from IGN syndrome, where two given albums with the same score from you might not nessecarily be of the same real quality. I still remember your review of QotSA's Villains, where you basically wouldn't shut up about how most of the tracks sounded like inferior "...Like Clockwork" leftovers, yet that got a 7 too
You’re trying desperately to find flaws😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I was honestly disappointed with all the slow jams
Dude just mad he can’t relate to the amount of females  Bruno talks about
This was the 9iest 7 I’ve ever seen in my life
Great album, really enjoyed a breath of fresh air, from a album without a single flop. Enjoyed the beautiful harmonies, and dream like instrumentals. 7/10
What the wtf, Melon. Unoriginal? Need to work on their lyrics? Light 9 for me. I would have taken a 8, but a 7. C’mon
It’s a 7, not 5.
why are you childish mf's disliking the video?
Is this a fucking joke anthony???
SEVEN?????????
Choosing Blast Off over 777 as your least favorite is crazy but I guess different strokes. You crazy for that one, Melon.
A STROOOONG 7????
I personally think 30 minutes is the perfect length for what this album is going for. Any longer and I have a feeling it would start to get stale, especially within the harmonic landscape that most of these songs stick to. That being said, I'm enjoying the hell out of the project; I would probably give it an 8/10 myself. I hope they continue to push their sound forward on future albums!
meh I disagree plus your stache proly smells like wet onions
😂😂😂
THIS ALBUM HAS THE SAME SCORE AS LIL PUMP'S SELF TITLED ALBUM
Bruh.
YOU SAID THERE WAS GONNA BE A YELLOW FLANNEL, WHERE THE FUCK IS IT ANTHONY
As someone who grew up in the 70s, I love this album. Really great reinvention of sonically familiar territory. The homage is there, but it sounds fresh and new at the same time. Two thumbs 'way up from me!
That's a weird way to say 10 Anthony
no.
If Kendrick had released an album like this, you would have given at least a 9 or 10.
Honey. Wake up! New controversial 7 dropped
I love how people are hating, but if you watch dunkey you know a 7 is the highest honor Fantano can bestow
7     7     7     LET'S GOOOOO
Wow, I see no downvotes on this video. It must be overwhelmingly liked and not controversial at all. Good job, Anthony!
no you’re done you’re out no more reviews melon
bruh
Y'all should've known Fantano is gonna be Fantano with these reviews.
Fantano has the IGN logic of “everything’s a 7”
7 you mean 777? I like that song too .
Let's Gooooo! Silk Sonic got a 7/7
This man gave Lil Pump the same score as this masterpiece I’m surprised the like to dislike ratio isn’t more disrespectful
so you say you "enjoyed" every track but because a couple remind you of james brown or dick in a box, its a 7?
wow so cool that we got three tens in a year! so great and cool that this happened!
I agree. Probably would have given it one point lower. While I like the tracklist, I feel like the actual style of the 1970s used here could have pulled from more diverse areas.  I feel like Anderson Paak. And Bruno Mars have both done better in the past and it's slightly disappointing both of these artists coming together didn't end up being a 10 out of 10.
ratio + you fell off + you're cringe imo
the comments section be like   FAVE TRACKS: NONE  LEAST FAVE TRACKS: NONE    10/10
L
After last night isn't even in best tracks. That's a sin
When is the actual serious review coming out Melon
Expected a strong 8 to a light 9 on this one
Light 8: :D  Strong 7: >:(
epick bruh moment numero uno: An Evening with Silk Sonic ALBUM REVIEW
What
How can you say I love Smoking Out The Window because it's funny and fits in with the soul of the project, but I don't like After Last Night because it's funny and it ruins the soul of the project?
YOU LIED
Delete this right now.
Youtube disabled dislikes so that we couldn't see how wrong the melon is anymore.
For those who can't see the dislikes, it's currently at 5.5k lol
10/10 songs- leave the door open, put on a smile, smoking out the window 9/10 songs- after last night, blast off, skate 7/10 songs- fly as me  6/10 songs- 777 (might grow on me)   Overall a 9/10 album
not 7 but strong 8 or decent 9 imo
This is why we cant have nice things
Lmaooo, we all debating whether it's a 9 or a 10, And Fantano drops this.
I… agree. I think I kinda got spoiled with the singles
My day is ruined
I'm surprised this has so many downvotes tbh, I think overall it was a balanced take.
Silk Sonic predicted their score hence the song 777. Iconic
Ratio
spain without the s
im a little bit out of the loop here. why does he get so much hate for his score?
bad takes from Antwon Fantwon recently
Anthony, I personally thought it was quite amusing when you wore the red flannel for Montero as a way to troll people, but I think you've gone too far this time. Please clarify as soon as possible that you are in fact giving this album a 10/10.
Anyone else just automatically look at the dislikes button for the amount of dislikes?
Fantano taking advantage of YouTube getting rid of showing dislikes 😂
Confirmed, Tony smokes crack.
I’m not mad. I’m disappointed.
No. Just no.
honestly 7 is a more objective realistic score
I can't believe so many dislikes for a strong 7 to light 8. I thought the rating was totally fair.
We All wanted this to be a 10
The greatest top-tier soul albums rarely get attention, meanwhile people behave like this because a pop artist's take on it "only" got a 7. Give it a few months and I guarantee most people behaving like this will realize it's not as coveted as they thought. Still solid, but the hype is artificial.
Wow really thought he was gonna give it a 9
You actually share with Pitchfork more things than you'd think melon.
I know it wasn't gonna be a 10 but JESUS
God damn youtube mobile some comment spoiled the score
Not sure I've ever disagreed with a of your reviews so much.
7/7
major L
This is this decades MBDTF
Lol people really mad at a 7. It was good but it wasn't some masterpiece, chill.
guys clearly he meant to put 777/10, i dont see the confusion
Remember guys this album has the same score as Lil Pumps self titled mixtape
This is an insult.
let’s remember a 7/10 is still a positive review, may not be what we expected but it’s still a positive review.   Unsubscribed.
The dislike button removal made Anthony so happy
melon what the hell
wtf is this anthony
bruh
Actually think he got this about right
I actually agree with Anthony’s 7/10 rating, but I’m shocked 777 isn’t one of his favorite tracks
whats with all the dislikes, did he like it too much or too little?
anthony fantano is the only person who can get ratio'd for giving a positive review
are people actually upset about this review? it's a nice album, it got a positive score, where's the problem
I…agree
I just can't believe that you thought he would give them something higher than an 8. Melon is always asking something more to an album than being slick and full of Banger's.
Bro I’m so happy I’m not the only one that heard lonely island  in after last night song
Well there’s a song called 777 and if you add 7+7+7 it’s 21/10 so…
If the person on Fantano’s livestream hadn’t said dick in a box this would’ve been at least an 8
This has a lot of dislikes for a 7. Well deserved
You are absolutely outside of your mind with this score, Melon. Just egregiously wrong.
melon still mad that Paak has better teeth
Damn they really beating yo ass in the RTs right now
The new MBDTF.
I agree with this one even if Bruno fanboys don’t want to hear it. This will be the fastest album to become overrated ever from what I heard about it already.
Review Valentine by Snail Mail!!!
Blast off your least favorite track?!?!? Oh hell naw
Least fav track blast off? Wait you crazy? I mean to each their own but that song is easily the best for me.
HOW DARE YOU AAAAAHHHHH
Don’t leave your door open, Anthony
Blast Off being worst track big fat L
Dude where's your sense of fun?
I actually agree with him on this one
This album has the same score as Lil Pump - Self Titled Mixtape, let that sink in
disappointed we're hitting a 7 when this a banger 9 at least
Why are people so upset about this? There are some genuinely meh songs on there
I’m done
no
Just cause there’s a song called 777 doesn’t mean that’s the score it deserves Melon
u got some problems men
It’s DAMN all over again lol
round 7 to the nearest 10
i really thought he would give it like a 9
Bruh
Damn, reading the comments. Am I the only one who liked 777 the most?
Dang he really let that one comment from his livestream get in his head so much he actually mentions Dick in a Box in the final review.
This one's going down in history, right next to the DAMN. Review
Melon just wants to be the cool contrarian giving this record a 7 and not an 8 or a 9
It’s totally derivative without so much as an original spin on anything, but with musical templates that good it makes sense that the musical echos are pretty good too. Not sure why everyone’s mad at a 7 with all that in mind
Yeah it's fine. People overrated this álbum . But lets be fair this year was sick af for músic.we Saw a Lot of great músic if You leave the mainsteam bubble
You only gave this a 7 because they cut Nav’s verse out of “Smokin out the Window”
God forbid this doesn't come on vinyl
No fucking way
Paak opens for a lot of Bruno’s concerts, so they have been friends for a good time, this is so overdue!! Great record.
Please review Gold Mouf by Lute. 🙏🏿
When I got to finally listen to this album, I dead ass knew those key changes were  definitely on par with what's on Lil Pump's mixtape. DAMN
Embarrassing. Delete this.
He gave it a 7 didn't he?
bro, WHAT THE FUCK
maybe if 777 was named 101010 he would've give it 10
Fell off + L + ratio + yb better
YOU LITERALLY SAID TO PPL AT TWITCH TO "WAIT FOR A BIG FAT JUICY THROBBING 9 INCH YELLOW FLANNEL ON THIS ONE"  I'm not even kidding btw, if you search for duplee's video of fantano reacting to the album you will hear that in the ending of the video
can’t wait for silk sonic and knuckles
We need to head to the shed to fetch the bolt cutters
An Eve with Silk Sonic
review corbins new album
If it was called Evening with Silk Sonic The Hedgehog Melon would have given it 10
WHAT.
an evening with silk sonic is the new damn.
I knew my day was ruined the moment I didn’t see that yellow flannel in the thumbnail
Tony getting bold now that they’ve removed dislikes
dawg, what a joke
Everytime I watch melons reviews I realize how pretentious he really is. Seriously comparing after last night to dick in a box and saying they should’ve done better to not make it sound like that is such a ridiculous statement he has to be trolling
Bruh how are people going to get mad at Melon for giving the album a strong 7 / light 8 lmao, that's a great f*cking score by his standards. Personally, I'd give it an 8/10 too. Y'all need to chill man.
It really sucks how you gave this a 2 just because they’re music is “outdated” and “from the 40s”
This man has gushed over all their tracks leading up to the release of the album, but still didn't even have the decency of at least gracing this review with a yellow flannel? Subscribed.
I knew you'd give this only a 7 😪
Everbody was sure it was gonna be 10 lmaooo
The dick in a box comparison is fucking hilarious & now I feel atleast somewhat justified in having very little reaction to this project...
A 7/10 is a good score why are you all complaining? LMAO!
Huge L, it’s at least a strong 10
I feel like if we claim this album is about being tounge'n'cheek in a cheesy way, and being retro but done masterfully we can give it a strong 8, Anthony though isn't biggest lover of men that make throwbacks and it's fine, because every other single aspect was highlighted and he made good points on how the tracks and album are so coherently created. Nice review, but 7 is a jump for moneyh 😂😀
7 is like 3 times too high
if it was called death gripsonic you'd give it a 10 yahmar
Why they removing the dislike button 😭 It's videos like this where we need it
Yeah i can agree with most of what he said in the review. It's really not that original or surprising as a whole album but it's still pretty enjoyable.
This is injustice. You added Haram to the loved but not silk sonic, even though you gave them a strong 7 to a light 8? Bad fantano, bad 😠
i disagree with you, this is a classic album strong 9 to 10 only.
This is gonna be your most disliked video hahahah, you’re lucky they are going to remove the dislikes soon
WHERE IS THE EIGHT BOIIIII!!!!??
Bruno Mars face looks like everyone watching the score
this man really gave it a 7 because that one song sounds similar to dick in the box smfh
@4:58 ok I wasn't tripping when I said this just sounds like a jt/adam Samberg  spoof
Would you people rather a critic who lies and betrays their opinion in an attempt to pander to the nameless, faceless masses?
Review the new Aesop Rock x Blockhead already, melon
I think Fantano nailed this one perfectly. Perfectly described what I found lacking in this album.
10/10 REVIEW IT AGAIN
Lmao the dislikes
Bro yall should listen to a little more funk and soul. For melon to give this a strong 7 to light 8 is actually very fair tbh.
This is probably the only time I don't agree with this dude. But I respect his opinion. Anything less than a 9 for this album is just unforgivable.
This hurts
No plad???
Its a bit one dimensional but its a good listen. Fantano has it right imo
So basically you liked all the songs but had to nitpick so you didn't have to rate it higher
Rumour has it Youtube disabled the dislike button solely  because they knew this video was coming
this is not a certified hood classic
this got the same score as the lil pump record did
You are lucky that YouTube has stopped showing dislikes.
Melon fans becoming wayyy too emotionally invested in arbitrary scores
I guessed a 7 from you, I was right, but I still couldn't believe it.
Sleep with one eye open, Melon
No
Anderson "7/10" .Paak  Considering the amount of praise melon gives .Paak. His scores are comparatively low.
I personally don't tjink ghe dick in a box comparison works all too well. If one guy didn't mention it, you wouldn't have thought it and thats just less examples for you to claim unoriginality on. Idk. I just feel the highs here are too high for a 7 score, and the not as good tracks would stand out as bangers on most other albums...and now I sounds like that one stupid drake fan. Ok whatever
Anthony, you can’t give it a 7 just because theres a song called 777 on the album
Youtube removed the dislike button ratio in preparation for this
If it was called "She has a great personality and that's the reason I love her sonic" you would give it a 10
A strong 7 is still better than giving it a 6.4 tough, like Pitchfork did.
For the first time your review won't decide my opinion on the album. Its a 10!
that's crazy. that's just a weird take
7 is honestly kind for an album of this quality, I don't know why everyone is complaining
this should be considered some type of crime.
lol, keeping it a 100
If the song was called 101010 you would've given it a 10
Huge W
When I first heard this album, for some reason I immediately thought of Michael Jacksons “Got to Be There” album especially the song “Ain’t no sunshine” I personally give this album a 7 to light 8. There is 3 strong songs on there but the rest will probably be forgettable in time to come. It’s a great album but I think that are many in shock listening to this because they never really heard soul music into the mainstream. There is many 60s/ 70s soul albums that great in vocals, production, even better lyrics, and etc. This album was like a nostalgic throwback. They did it well. But this album sure does remind me of Stevie Wonder, The Jackson 5, and many more.
More than 4500 dislikes cause he put a 7?? Chill, people, it's just an opinion
How long will it take for people to realise that 7 is a good score lmao
I lost it when you talked about dick in a box:') My first thought listening to After Last Night was "damn this sounds like lonely island"
I KNEW IT
I don't think a genre revival should be discussed as a lack of creativity or innovation. Music isn't evolving in a single direction - coming back to these genres that fell out of favor is a new opportunity to incorporate different techniques together, which is what they do very well on this record. This is very much a love letter to the 70s, but in no way are they just recording a cover album. A nostalgic tone doesn't make the music less unique.
Oh hell no, not this time melon 👎👎👎
Liar Liar Yellow Flannel Still in the Dryer
L score imo
Where is yellow flannel? Where is my 10 for this record? Okay, seriously. I thought it would get a higher score from melon, but all was ruined by this dick in the box similarity, which isn't necessarily bad, as long as you don't know this track.
Strong 8 for moi
This isn't an album for music reviewers giving it a 7 this is an album for you getting your ass up and dance Melon!
might have to block you for this one b
I dunno bout this one melon
I think it is an 8
Absolutely a 10/10. Disappointed by this take. Album of the year so far.
Albums a 9 all day long. It flies along fusing influences long left untouched. One of the songs sounds like Bobby Womack, another like the Dramatics, Teddy P,  N.E.R.D.  You a fool for this score bugs
Easily a strong 8-9 for me, 777 and Fly as Me were personally not my favourites but others like ‘put on a smile’, ‘blast off’ and ‘after last night’ were incredibly produced, well written and featured beautiful vocals especially from Anderson Paak. Simply a 7 is too low melon
what
Anthony hates happy music 😢
Love how Anthony literally doesn't give a fuck abt our opinion it's hilarious every time he does this💀
I agree with your points. I’d lift it up to an 8 but it does feel a bit too much like a cover album at times. When their personalities shine it’s incredible, but sometimes the influences overshadow their personalities. Adding Bootsy was a great decision though.
I can’t believe another ten this year !!!
I'm only upset because i thought for sure it was going to be an 8 😔
That dislike ratio is something else.
BRUH HE GAVE IT A SEVEN CALM DOWN
Only giving the album a 7 because one of the songs is called 777
There is a common misconception about the song "777". People assume that it's about being in a casino but it was actually referencing the score Melon is going to give it.       Edit: Damn
Curious what albums he gave 8’s, 9’s, 10’s and I’m sure all of us could find tracks on there we don’t fuck with
you shouldn't give it a 10 just because Silk is your favorite brand of vegan milk melon
The egg head would have given this a 10 but he ain’t got no soul
really disapointed bout you fantano
Personally, I love that Bruno's albums are on the shorter side. It makes it seem like took time to perfectly curate each album and he hasn't missed yet.
whaaaaaaat, are you fucking kidding me?
This album is undeniably a vibe, but it’s still just a vibe. Anybody expecting a score higher than an 8 on this was setting themselves up for disappointment.
You scored Daves album low also… ugh i bery much disagree with all your scores now it seems you almost do it for more views
What the fuck Melon
upworthy video, love it
you're lucky YouTube removed the dislike button just in time for your review
Seeing the dislikes made me think the score was going to be a lot lower.
THEY'RE BEATING YOUR ASS IN THE QRTS
This review will go down with Swimming and MBDTF as the most poorly aged reviews he’s ever done.
You know the moment when a critic starts having more misses then spot ons? Well, melon... you got this one soo wrong...it's a nine right out of the box ! For a ten, let's wait a couple of years, then we'll know... But it's a nine for sure , Gooftony  Melonthanos ! 🕺🕺🕺❤🤘❤
MELON, REDUX REVIEW, RIGHT NOW.
Dislike…
Melon is just mad because Bootsy Collins wouldn’t take a picture with him after his 8th grade piano recital so he gave them a 7
I have not heard D in a box nor do i wish to risk contaminating my brain on my personal favorite song on the album ‘after last night’.
based 7/10
Docking this record three points because of the lack of a Corey Feldman feature seems petty, Melon.
Ur a weird guy
L
7 is a generous score
Wow, didn't realise how short this review was.
I mostly agree with this, though I'd say 777 is more enjoyable for me than Blast Off or Put On a Smile. I really like the record and it's a fun as hell throwback, but it is missing something.   That said, Smokin' Out the Window is easily one of the best tracks this year. SOOO good.
I guess this is the sequel to DAMN. review.
Yeah this album is just solid. Doesnt touch the soul albums of the early 70s though. Also fuck the autotune on the backing vocals all over this album
Half the tracks sound like christmas songs and that's a fact
2017 flashbacks
Is he wearing a t-shirt that says "rowing blazer"? That's quite funny!
I’m relieved to hear somebody not totally eat this album up and overlook its shortcomings. This is definitely a solid project but I don’t foresee it standing the test of time. The majority of the tracks feel like spoofs of soul from the seventies, biting a little too heavily on all of those artists you mentioned. The other aspect I found to make even the first listen a bit dull was the frequent recycling of rhythmic phrases and arrangements from within the album itself. Before any new section, just about every single track had some sort of syncopated breakdown coupled with stark chord changes and immediately followed by a long drum fill. But I digress; I think a seven out of ten is a fair, kind score for fresh impressions. Give it some time though, I don’t predict this album getting any more enjoyable—just more stale and forgettable.
No. Don’t agree (again)
It's funny how we're all yelling at Fantano for giving Silk Sonic a 7 while .Paak and Bruno are literally celebrating like:  "7! 7! 7! LET'S GO!!!"
This comment section always gives me cancer
AHAHAHAHAHAHA! Everyone calling it a 10, LMFAO
?
Release the REAL Silk Sonic album review, Melon 😢
No yellow flannel for this review? It must be in the wash or something
This is the reason youtube removed dislikes
I can't believe all the joke comments saying "after all this he's gonna give it a light 7" were literally correct.
9
Y so many dislikes?I thought it'd be like a 3 from the dislikes lol
You’re just upset your teeth aren’t as good
Oh hell nah
This man really hates giving Bruno Mars high scores
Was surprised at my enjoyment. Mostly in the instrumentation. The pure acoustic with modern recording technology sounds so clean
YOU TOLD US TO EXPECT A YELLOW FLANNEL
no
Most passive aggressive you've done. C'mon man. Which is it. You like it but don't wanna own up to it due to cliche 70s sounds,
Bet you like the dislike button leaving now Melon
People are disliking this because he gave it a 7/10? Absolute autists.
People complaining in the comments about him not thinking it was good when he gave it a "strong to decent 7"m," and that sounds like a pretty good score to me
may peace be with you, you’ll need it
7?! 7?! 7?!
How the hell you gonna do my boys on 'After Last Night' like that melon. You changed
Still no Mick Jenkins review and you drop this L  Dang.
There are good albums and EPs that are shorter than this. The reason this one seems so much shorter is because every single track is so enjoyable that time just flies while listening to it. There's not a moment where it drags.  To use that "dick in a box" comparison as an argument for criticism is ridiculous. I think you were trying too hard on this one Anthony. While it may not be the most original thing ever made soundwise, tell me how many people other than Bruno and Anderson can do something this high quality of this amazing genre of music today?
fantano is just INTENTIONALLY pissing people off at this point
I don't know what album you people are listening to but none of the singles seemed that great. Ok, I don't really listen to R&B but the songs seemed kind of boring. I feel like you people are tricking yourselves into enjoying it for some superficial reason.
YOU SAIID THIS GETTING A YELLOW FLANNEL ON STREAM
Damn. Melon just taking out his frustration on Anderson Paak because he’s taken the best teeth in the game title from him.
only 7 y
This is without a doubt one of the albums of all time - Aristotle
I’d say the album was way too short. 4/9 the songs released as singles and they were easily the best songs. Fly as me was ok but the spelling part felt awkward and there was barely any Bruno on the song. Didn’t feel like a silk sonic song but rather an Anderson .Paak song ft. Bruno Mars. 777 sounded just too stupid for me.   However, Put on a smile reminded me of the amazing solo songs that early Bruno Mars made like grenade which was beautiful. After last night was also a great song although I thought there was gonna be a beat switch when the synths build but it goes back to the normal song.   I also think that the album is telling a story the way that it is sequenced. Leave the door open is them meeting the girl, fly as me is them asking the girl to natch their energy. After last night is them falling in love with the girl, smokin out the window is them getting fed up with the girl and leaving, put on a smile is the, regretting their decision to leave, 777 is them gambling the pain away, skate is them starting all over again with a new girl.   I will admit though that it would make more sense if Leave the door open was before fly as me, and that the outro is kinda just a song about getting high.  I would say the album kinda disappointed me with how short it was and 2 new lackluster songs out of 5. However, the good songs are really really good.   Song rankings: 1. Put on a smile 10/10 2. Smokin out the window 10/10 3. Skate 9/10 4. Leave the door open 9/10 5. Blast off 9/10 6. After last night 8/10 7. Fly as me 6/10 8. Silk sonic intro (it’s a funky intro)  9. 777 4/10  Overall: Light to decent 8/10 in my opinion
they gonna kill you for this
I don't know if the word "uppity" was entirely necessary, Anthony
After Last Night not even in the best tracks... oh boy
No
Yeah, the album is way too short.
You can't just not give it a 10 because you don't think it deserves one
anthony heard they are getting rid of the dislike button so he's just being a little too honest from now on out
Imagine getting this much hate for giving an album a 7!! A fucking 7!! You guys think this is more than a 7??? What?
Good review, didn’t like the part where you threaten to stab Bruno Mars in his oesophagus and not stop till the cops came in, however.
A 7, a fucking 7!!!????
I really thought he would give it an 8/10
Fantano, be kind, Anderson is also getting bald
Didn’t see the need to call him Anderson Ball Saak for the whole review
Are you all watching a different review?? He liked the album a lot. The album is clearly a gimmicky bit of fun. Great stuff but obviously not deserving of a 9/10
777 made this a 7 :/
I prefer awaken my love but this was a classy album
Least Fav track in this album is 777.
This is a big time L
What the hell happened, Blast Off is least favorite? This ain't it, melon
No melon, just because there's a track called 777 doesn't mean the album is a 7
Dear Fantano. Take a listen to Silverchair’s Diorama album.  It’s complicated music sounding complicated and has a lot of heart. Treat yourself!
it's my year album
This review is Blasphemy Anthony. We'll give you till the end of the week to give this a 10 or we might have to interfere...
Still salty about .Paak taking his catchphrase.
I am so angry
You knew it was going to happen lmao
Yea it was wayyy too short Yooo how do you not like blast off over 777
Never seen people get so offended by a dudes opinion, especially over music, it’s kind of funny actually.
Leave the door open is a 10 for me but whole album is about a 7. Don't remember the last time i agreed with a melon
Haha i feel like im the only one that likes 777 🤣
L score
this has got to be one of the hardest misses he's had EVER. This is 9-10 material. can't believe this is the same score as lil pumps mixtape
I actually agree with Fantano here, which is rare,  but i felt the album just had uninspiring vocal & instrumental highs and lows that don’t contribute to the music in a meaningful way. The styles, vocals and instruments veneer into a blur, with all of them sounding like extensions of each other, which is a compliment for a single song, but a disappointment for a full album. It makes all the tracks undistinguishable from each other, and Bruno & Anderson felt to me interchangeable with each other, instead of each contributing from their strengths, they melted into each other and it felt nothing stood out. Basically the whole album felt like an AI put a 70’s soul and funk filter on 9 different songs, snd even though i did enjoy some tracks, ultimately they leave more to be desired.
7?  7? 7? LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
Fuck no this album deserved ATLEAST a 9
DAMN got a 7 and won a Pulitzer, so I guess I'm satisfied
I’m shocked, but not surprised…
7 is a high score guys get over it
Anthony, giving it a 7 just because Anderson Paak has better teeth isn’t okay…
A dislike
the DAMN of 2021 right here folks
Him saying on his stream that we should expect a yellow flannel on this one was top 10 anime betrayals
Dick in the Box comparison is kind of pulling at straws honestly, After Last Night was my favorite track on the album. I mean when you have Thundercat and Bootsy Collins playing their ass off, it's bound to be good
This is a 10 melon
3.8k dislikes for an opinion DAMN
WOW, the like/dislike ratio was totally unexpected.
This album is a 10 but was destined for a 7. It never had a chance.
Outrageous
"7/10 - It's got a little something for everyone."
At this point I think you are doing this just for shock value.
You know, the singles did make me hyped to hear the record, but the whole picture is a bit bland. It's still very enjoyable but not a 10 that everyone thought it would be
Dislike button got removed just in time I see lol
Sorry Melon this is an L. It's at least a light 9
While I agree that blast off misses the mark, a 7 feels wrong for the immaculate production and fun of this album. After last night is great you can't dock it for any similarity to dick in a box. At least a decent 3.
wrong
Probably the funniest late April Fools joke you’ve done Melon. Hopefully the actual review comes out soon.
This is Plastic Beach all over again
you had one job
We hate you because you didn't give this a 10.
I was expecting a yellow flannel melon. I’m incredibly disappointed, I’m feeling a light 4/10 on this review
7?  7??  7????   LETSGOOOOO
Tbh, first vid I’ve disliked in a while. Might be worse than MBDTF
When you listened to this on your music friday, I remember someone commenting "its gold, light 7". Well, now its reality.
Other than Put on a Smile.... the album is excellent!
ffs anthony
Wtf?! A 7?! And blast off as least fav?!!! Anthony you’re high
Wow Anthony! I didnt expect you to review the new Sonic the Hedgehog game soundtrack, im glad you’re branching out to different genres, sadly videogame music is incredibly overlooked these days..
I’m not gonna lie, this was disappointing… 😭😭😭
So this is not even gonna be in the top 50 of this year? You’re crazy.
7/10? Can't believe it! I'm in disbelief..
Melon might need to re-release his video on how he grades music because people still out here butt hurt like this high school and they got below an A on a test
Anthony looks pretty sus in this review, you can see him sweat.    Tell us who's making you give this album a 7, Antnee
This is like DAMN all over again
CRINGE! YOU CRINGE BITCH! Oh- a 7. Yea that’s pretty accurate.
You're lucky that Youtube removed the dislikes!!!
Anthony, wtf man. You are so well versed in music that it hurts to see you give a classic a 7.
If the cover was a blue hedgehog with red shoes, it would be a 10.
A 7!?!
Unlike others of your unpopular reviews (damn, MBDTF ect) I actually feel like you did a bad job of reviewing this outside of the final score. You’re opinion and thoughts were poorly explained and justified at just a 6 minute review for what is definitely one of the best commercial musical releases of the last few years. There wasn’t much depth to it, it didn’t feel like it was coming from the internets busiest music nerd
DAMN.
And he said to expect a big fat yellow flannel for the review on his stream
sigh
Are you mad ?! 7? Jesus Christ man !
Wish I could see the amount of dislikes
Nah we cancelling him
Bro this was an EASY 10. Just because it didn't innovate a new sound doesn't mean it's not deserving of a 10. The vocals are amazing, the production is top of the line, it sounds great, the lyrics are good, and every song is a banger. To me, if every song is a banger it's a 10. This is probably my favorite project this year I can't think of another project that's a 10.
I feel like Anthony refuse to give pop albums from big artists above 7, like I thought this album would at least get 8.
We’re having melon for lunch
Melon you can't give this album a 7 just because one track is called 777
I don't think this what they meant when they said "come on 777"
Transthony Zisiontano...
Was really expecting a yellow flannel for this one
The only time I actully agree with Melon
Bro what.
Look here, Melon, I hope you found whatever it is that you need But I also hope that your triflin ass is walkin round barefoot in these streets
Blast off outro is amazing 777 was the worst track by far it deserves an 8 to a 9 imo
You don’t have the exact same opinions as me? Disliked 👎
Fare
It’s a 9 bruh… fair and square. Imo a 10 but it’s Fantano
Anthony abusing his priviledge as a big towering corporation by giving incorrect opinions and scores and then having Susan Wojikci block everyone from viewing dislikes. What a slimy bald headed man.
It's in the uncanny valley of albums. It's not going to change music like Dark Side of the Moon or Nevermind. It's not a modern classic of a current form like hip-hop or nu metal. It's not quirky enough to become a cult classic. It's just very, very good at what it does. I hope that Bruno and Andy and the listeners have a lot of fun touring it and continue to produce more stuff both as Silk Sonic and individually. The world needs more music that soothes the soul.
Melon youre so lucky theyre removing the dislike button
Adjectives Fantano
thinkin about it rationally, there was a lot stacked up against this record getting a good score - Melon is jealous of .Paak's clearly superior teeth - Melon is jealous of Bruno's incredible full head of hair - Dick in a Box   for them to still get a 7 after all that, shows how much of a great album this actually is
Remember the guy who gave MBDTF a 6?    This is him now
Now drop the real review
Take a look inside...it’s my 7 in a box!
I was actually expecting a 9-10 wow
I think 7 is actually a pretty fair rating
After last night is song of the year idc 😩💦
This review deserves a red flannel
Antonio el Fantas
:(
This was literally exactly how I felt listening to this album. I was really hyped, but I got more or less what I expected, not what I wanted.  I'm way more excited to see Silk Sonic's second album though, assuming there will be one. I think if they embrace a wider '70s sound on their next project they could easily create at least a 9
It's a great album, but how can you expect him to give it much more than a 7 when it's not at all innovative or pushing any boundaries? by virtue of it being a throwback style of music you can't really give it a 10 imo
Well, at least Bruno and Paak. saw this coming and made a song about this score.
You finally missed
i think melon got the wrong album cover. it’s “an evening with silk sonic,” not “an eve with silk sonic”
How dare you have an opinion Melon.
BLAST OFF THE LEAST FAVORITE????
Fantano why you sounding like a hater? It’s a fun a record!
I Think it's a 8
I don’t even listen to this genre like that and even I know this is at least an 8
So that's why YouTube turned off the dislikes...
L
Kids See Ghosts still holds the throne of the best collab in the past 5 years. Thank you, Fantano.
Drop the redux review
Where’s the Corbin review Anthony
Really?
what
Aww shit, here we go again....
Idc if this album is original or not, i just finished listening and holy shit, genuinely felt like my ears were having an orgasm
I’m lowkey becoming more and more convinced that melon gives out bad scores for views and clicks. He talked so highly of this album during his streams. More than he usually does with albums in the 7 range. But some how this gets a 7?? Idk. I just don’t get it
Nitpicking and biased i win bye bye
damn
This is my AOTY until further notice.
Okay but you didn't have to spend 6 minutes talking bout Bruno Mars height melon
wait what
I agree tbf
WHERE'S THE GOD DAMN YELLOW FLANNEL ANTKNEE
When I first noticed that the 7th track is titled 777, I immediately thought "Wouldn't it be hilarious if Fantano actually gives the album a 7?" and laughed.  Turns out it's not.
tbh it’s at least a decent 9
That's funny that you didn't care too much for Blast Off, it's my favorite track off the project. The end is so great.
L
Mister Tano I'd tell you that you're buggin a little bit on this one but the voice of the people seems to have me covered
The comment section has spoken, we don't agree witchu.
Bro really 7 ? That’s an easy 9
Ooooooo... what an upset. One the bright side, it's still a very positive review.
If this was a Silk Sonic record, you would've loved this album.
how
Melon really waited until youtube started removing dislikes to post this review
Smokin’ out the window is the Hoodville anthem.
Use me as a dislike button
this a 10, this is AOTY
"70s Future" lmao
Don't forget that this album got the same score as lil pump's.
Wow. Bad take. No, I won’t elaborate. Everyone else seems to be doing the job.
Disappointing but… not surprised lol. I love that you feel so much love for experimentation and innovation in music, but I think it puts you and other album reviewers like the Pitchfork reviewers a bit out of touch. What I love so much about this record, and what I think younger generations love so much about this record, is that to us this weirdly feels fresh? Is it particularly innovative or a reinvention of the wheel? No, but I think that taking a genre that our generation generally perceives as stale and making it so relatable to us in a way that we haven’t experienced before is something we never could’ve imagined. That’s a feat to be admired. The establishment of genre is often the thing that causes its death, and this is because you can only innovate within a genre so much before making a new genre. What Silk Sonic has done so well here is take the idea of a genre that has been mostly left behind and written off, and show how much life and energy they can pull out of it, all while showing that musicians really can develop and create within the boundaries of a genre without renovating the genre itself. And don’t get me wrong, I love when people can take genres and turn them on their heads but what I can appreciate just as much is when a musician takes a genre, shows how much they love its form, and presents an analysis of the energy of the genre. Art is so imitative, not only of life but also of itself, and it takes a particular kind of musical talent to be able to imitate art of the past in one’s own voice and with their own mind. Not only that, but so much of music as a medium is based in the way it is performed, and within an audience’s ability to recognize the strength of a musician’s performance regardless of their own experience in music, and what Silk Sonic is able to do in this album both creatively and performatively is unmatched. While not particularly cutting-edge, the album is revolutionary in the way its swagger and musical fortitude have reignited an adoration for a dead genre in younger people. A musician does not need to be avant-garde to be impactful. I think what music reviewers have done is intertwine experimentation with musicianship, when in reality music is so much more than the next big thing, the next new idea.
This review might reach MBDTF or DAMN levels of infamy lmao. Literally zero reasons this album is lower than an 8. And don’t give me that bullshit about “high 7 low 8” bc in the description it says 7/10. Honestly feels like clickbait seeing as he loved it during the stream. High 8 low 9 for me personally. Edit: it at the very least deserved a yellow flannel like he mentioned.
Damn.
in my opinion it’s an 11/10
W
The fact that he PROMISED a yellow flannel for this review on his live stream and isn't wearing one is one thing...did score doe...  As of this writing: it's split down the middle with the amount of Likes and Dislikes. How will the Melon handle this controversy?
L
Hes right
Heartbroken.
What the fuck
What 😳
I kinda wish they didn’t kick it off with Leave The Door Open. When I heard it, my brain figured it was just the single, so I had to actively adjust myself to listen to the rest as a full album, and not dismiss it all as random songs.
NOT EVEN A YELLOW FLANNEL??
please review aesop rock's - garbology :)
Blast Off not in top tracks but Skate is? After Last Night not in top tracks????
Bro this thing is easily a 9 it’s fucking amazing
tis an outrage. STRONG 10!
Overrated ass album
do you remember when he said it would get a “big fat yellow flannel”
When Silk Sonic made “777” I don’t think this review is what they had in mind, Anthony.
...This.. is.. racist, homophobic, sexist, and ableist. A certified hatecrime..
Not even an 8 ?!
This album is literally silky smooth! It feels like you are floating trough the city in your big old Cadillac
Calling it now: this is gonna be his most disliked video ever
Be thankful the dislike button will be leaving
after listening to this album I knew the melon wasnt going to give it a 10. its fun, its got some bops but its not very deep or versatile.
Looks like Melon is back on the menu boys
Everyone said he was gonna give the 10-iest 9 but he actually gave the 6-iest 7
WHY THE FUCK DID YOU GIVE IT A GOOD RATING 7 AND NOT AN EXCELLENT RATING OF A 10! WHAT A TRAVESTY!
One of my albums (or extra long EP!) of the year . Even with it's flaws it endears itself to the listener. Perhaps just the eight tracks was enough  before the idea wore out it's welcome. Perhaps they could have written and recorded a couple of tracks that had a 1980s R&B vibe to flesh out the running time - maybe that could even be this project's next album if they continue as a duo but what I hear is pleasing enough to make it a CD (yep, I'm one of the few that still purchases and plays compact discs) I will play on a regular basis for years to come.
This is the new DAMN/10 now that Kendrick is not all that relevant
praying for dltzk review
Not often I say this but completely disagree. I loved every single song on this thing. They were all witty, lush, and exciting. I’d say it’s closer to a 9 and at least an 8
Skate is my least favorite and I love it so yea easily a strong 8 if it was 50 mins,  10
Bro. No
Now we have 77777
Anthony unlike you there’s nothing wrong with this album
Thought you were gonna go hang out at their house for an evening.
Calling Bruno Mars a fat piece of chocolate cake isn’t a review, Anthony.
fiona apple all over again
If it was called Silk Sonic and Knuckles you would have given it a 10
why does this have 3k dislikes lmao
Wow Anthony I’ve never seen you give a 7/7 before but ok 👍
Track 1. Intro - Sets the stage for what's about to go down Track.2. Leave the Door Open - Lady catches his eye; starts spitting God-tier level game Track 3. Fly As Me - Gets the girl; both of y'all out and about and styling Track 4. After Last Night - Y'all know what happened here; ish so good dude's catching feelings... Track 5. Smoking Out The Window - Turns out she ain't the one; dude starts talking shit to save face... Track 6. Put On A Smile - Dude looks inward, acknowledges what he felt was real even if it wasn't reciprocated Track 7. 777 - Time to move on; we in Vegas spending money baby!! Track 8. Skate - On the rebound and hollerin' at the ladies Track 9. Blast Off - Back where we started but somewhat wiser...and smoking a blunt while we're at it (or maybe something more potent?
I'm confused by the reaction to this, strong 7 to light 8 is a great score from melon, it takes a ton to get a higher score than that. He's famous for giving a certain well loved album a 6 lol, why is everyone bent outta shape?
I was gonna consider anything under a 10/10 a negative review ngl
I, like many, am surprised it didn't get a yellow flannel, but I think strong 7/light 8 is very fair. All your comments are valid. It's just so damn fun I didn't mind some of the lack of revolutionary-ness. And it's still Bruno Mars's best project in a long time.
Hell nah 🙂💔
BOOOO THIS MAN
I can’t fucking believe this
That's fair
I love Blast Off, personally. I think the vocal layering on the chorus is beautiful
Skate a fav track over After Last Night. Oh no no no
melon....u are wrong
YOU SAID ON TND STREAM WE SHOULD EXPECT A YELLOW FLANNEL REVIEW!!!!
Not enough abrasive experimental goth nonsense huh melon boy??
damn man i truly do not understand, i thought this one had 10 potential
I agree
this is what happens when you give a platform to a talentless dude to who's tasked to criticise talent
It’s honestly a fair score, I personally only LOVED one of the non singles
strong… 7 ….
this project was incredible but it really left me wanting more out of it then we got the teasers were definitely the highlight of the entire thing im normally disagreeing with some aspect of melons reviews but here he just spells out exactly what i was struggling to put into words
L
I'm speechless, this was a strong 9. It's short and nearly perfect. This is the only album I've ever heard with not just not one skip but not one track that would ever be a disappointment to come up in a playlist. 777 is phenomenal I can't not dance to it.
Looks like we have a new addition to the "amazing albums with a criminally low score" alongside with MBDTF, DAMN., Channel Orange,  Because the Internet and Yeezus.
This is the mbdtf of this decade
fantastic review! even though it’s a little less i’d give it, i respect the strong 7 light 8. Great points all around
There's only so much boundary one can push in music as time passes.
After Last Night is the best song off the album
Melon has officially… fucked up
It's a great record, super fun.... but they beat the hell out of that 70s Starsky & Hutch, Soul Train aesthetic.. All that 21st century plasticine paisley and not ONE single electric sitar riff? Someone fucked up. Mr. Mars, Mr. .Paak... I got you. Holla at me and my baby blue electric sitar and I'll take a ride on a magic carpet ride business class your dime and wiggle waggle .l
I have difficulties comprehending how this album is as good as Lil Pump.
Deserves a 9 at least
>blast off worst song  clean your ears melon
it definitely could of been better, would've probably liked it more if the best songs (except for fly as me) weren't released before the album
This feels like the time you gave "Daft Punk - R.A.M" an 8
I’d say it’s a strong 9 to light 10
BOOOOOOOOO
This man let a loser that commented “DICK IN A BOX” in the chat, ruin his enjoyment of the best song on the “After last night” smh. I had to search it up and I must be missing something cuz they sound nothing alike. Anyways this album is a 9/10 minimum.
I enjoyed the dick in a box tribute
Original DAMN. Score
I hope people aren't discouraged to dislike just coz youtube removed it. (I can still see it on youtube vanced btw)
YouTube: removes dislikes  Melon: Today I choose violence
I've listened to a lot of soul and deep funk. The album is ok. It could have been a lot cornier. but it's decent.
y
Of course Melon didn’t think this was all that
Melon with a fat L, absolutely no shot this isn’t a 9
I completely agree, 7/10 is kinda high lol. The whole thing is so short. I feel like they didn't give us anything interesting that they are clearly talented enough to make some really genre blurring music.
This video is one of the reasons why Youtube is removing Dislike Count.
Wow Melon. I knew you would let the Dick in a Box comments get to your head and it would alter your score, but a strong 7?!?! I was expecting a strong 8 to light 9 at worst
Wtf
ok but where is the snail mail review melon???
Ratio bozo
Bro is hardcore tripping, this is a 10
ima say it.... bruno mars is skyline chili
bruh a 7?!?!?!
Honestly agreeable, a lot of these songs are elegant and have a lot detail but most of it started blending together for me at one point, the same bells and whistles kind of got numb on the ear.
How dare you anger Brad Taste In Music
I’m not surprise. After all he gave Malibu a 7. That said, I disagree with him there a lot more than here since this a pretty short project and it  sounds a bit of the same
Yeah that's cool but where's the SilkSonic review?
You would give it a 10 if it was " to pimp a sonic"
I’m kinda in love with this album. It didn’t even pop up on my raider until the video for “Smoking out the window” was released. While I agree it’s a bit short, it’s a solid track list with a lot of heart, character, effort. Even with 777, the track I like the least, it’s not bad, I’m just not that into it. I’d give this a strong 9 out of 10
Anthony likes Yoko Uno so his opinion is irrelevant
You gave this a 7.  Damn.
Thought it was a great project but definitely felt what he was saying. It started to sound kinda samey to me too. All killer no filler but some little too similar sounds
I was uh...not expecting..this
I strong to light DISAGREE. This is a 9
I love this album
the start: NO YELLOW FLANNEL OH GOD OH GOD  the end of it: DAMN IT
No way this man gave this album only a 7……………….
RIP to all the people who though this was boutta be a 10
Fantano really said he disliked one of the best closers
This is why we need the dislike button
How did he not like blast off?!?!? It's crazy to me.
If it was called silk shadow you would’ve given it a 10
yo what Blast Off is amazing
Blast off is one of my fav tracks:/
Yes! Just as I and everyone was expecting, another 10! Thank you Fantwan.
nah this is a 10
Anthony, saying “this bitch” for 6 minutes straight does not qualify as a review.
I disagree melon. Every song is perfect and its a 9/10 easily.
No.
A 7, whyyyyyyyyyy
Lil pump> Silk Sonic confirmed
Imo Blast Off was the perfect ending to that album. It fit in pretty well with the rest of the project.
It's a strong 8 for me. Gonna give it a few more listens but this seems to be what I'm feeling. I don't think there's a bad song on it, but it IS pretty one-note and plays into into influences a little too closely. Some tracks also just straight-up sound like something Anderson would have made on Oxnard. It's not exactly boundary-pushing and I think we could have gotten a more unique blend of Anderson's and Bruno's styles, but it's definitely a solid, tight, and well put together record overall.
Wow I’m legit shocked at this score…. not even an 8? Such stellar production and catchy songwriting all around, more than enough to make up for any lack of originality.
I thought he was gonna give it an 8 even though it’s a 10 for me, but wtf. 7 just doesn’t feel accurate.
Please for the love of god review Meg’s new mixtape
The like/dislike ratio made me think Fantano has given it a 3 or something like that.
aoty.
Interesting that he didn't touch on the album's narrative from front to back, which I feel adds a lot to its appeal beyond being a 70's funk/soul cosplay. Getting into a relationship, letting your ego get a hold of you and ruin it, you lament, you find someone else/get back with that person from before, rinse and repeat, and I'm finding that the 30 min run time actually adds to the appeal of that, like going quickly in and out of relationships with the range of emotions/sentiments that it brings (albeit performed with a lot of charisma). It was the narrative and it's cyclical nature that I found to be the most appealing and deeply human and relevant with hookup culture.
A 7? You enjoyed those songs or were you just pretending to enjoy em
777 was so fucking good so so so good
A 7?...........what?
I understand all your points, but will leave the dislike on principle
You praised the songs so much on Twitter… let’s see what it get now.. we all know where this is going
NO YOU DID NOT HAVE THE GUTS
are yall as shocked as me
Can't believe you just wrote off After Last Night as part of the best tracks in the album just because a rando told you it vaguely sounded like a meme song. Super professional Melon. 👌
It’s hard to call this album “soulful.” Silk Sonic lacks the sort of grit or dirtiness that you would normally associate with funk and soul records of the 70s. Silk Sonic is perhaps a little too pristine to be considered “soulful.” If I’m being completely honest… it feels more like 90s R&B. Silk Sonic probably falls under the same umbrella of “insubstantial” R&B music that prompted artists like D’Angelo, Lauryn Hill, and Erykah Badu to usher in a new era of soul and R&B music from the late 90s to early 00s.
I think at this point we should just make all his 7s 10s
bro
I was not expecting that score LOL
New DAMN. dropped
Ew. This album was easily a 9, 10 in my opinion. 7 is straight up disrespectful
We almost tricked him into thinking it was songs in the key of life
Figured he was gonna give it a 6 or 7 lol. I'd give it a 9 personally, I liked every track.
when are y'all gonna figure out that a 7 is a good score istg 💀
this has got to be my favorite album from SilkSonic
All of sudden I don't enjoy this album as much anymore
While I rate the album more highly, your critiques are really on the nose. I did get hints of deja vu between Leave the Door Open and Put on a Smile and I feel like their creativity and inventiveness only stretched so far. Even so, it's a euphoric 30 minutes that I still absolutely adore
Don't care, didn't ask, plus you're white.
What happened to the "obvious yellow flannel" you were talking about when you were livestreaming? And on twitter when someone said this album > j cole's new album you said "duh" but also gave it a 7.
I completely agree. Great album but kinda overrated by a lot of people
A Strong 7 from Anthony is a 9 from me, so I'll take it. Did he provide a chock ton of criticisms that didn't really matter in the long run? Yes. Did he overhype the album and then unsurprisingly give it a lower score due to it's "unoriginality"? Yes. It's fine, Anthony is Anthony and I am me. I could care less for what he thinks of the album, I love it.
I just wanna know how The Off-Season got the same score as this masterpiece
Strong 10, leave the door open😍, smokin out the window🤣, as fly as me😃, blast off🤩, after last night😁, put on a smile🥲,,,💯%🔥👏🏽🙌🏾👍🏽
Melon, this was an L dude. Shit should have been at least an 8.
Anthony 7 Fantano
Fantano puts more weight on innovation than enjoyability and there's nothing wrong with that it's just a review lol
this hurt me more than mbdtf but it’s okay melon i still love u. unsubbed.
ayo where that mf that commented dick in a box we just wanna talk
melon gave it a 7 bc he pays too much rent
7? 7? 7?????????????
Melon, your opinion has ruined my day :(
I don't get it, what is with you and amazing albums and giving them 7's? I respect your opinion but good lord it's crazy how often it's specifically a beloved album with people getting hyped for an 8 9 or even 10 and then you give it a 7 🤣 good review though
7 ? Atleast a 9 man its a classic
I think you may be wrong
I haven’t been this shocked at a review ever, it was never trying to be experimental or boundary pushing, and legitimately criticising an album for for a d*ck in a box comparison is blatantly unfair. Seems like something put him off greatly after an overwhelmingly positive lead up to the review. This one has got to be a 10
Agreed when you noticed the similarities between LTDO and POAS. Still hate you tho.
This video annoys me so ima make my own
I usually never agree with him but just this time I happen to feel very similarly about this album. It's good and I enjoyed the singles but as a whole it's not that interesting.
My disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined
The album is good and has good songs but it is not so different from 24k Magic, I am in the line of fantano 7/10
OKAY WE RIOTING TONIGHT
Just 7?
Really Anthony? I’m Smoking Out the Window, how could you do this to me?
Anthony what the fuck
I also thought it would've impressed me more. It definitely had to appeal to a wide audience and I wish we could have heard more creativity and also a few more guests.
Lmao really i was expecting a 8 or 9 my god
If this album was called an evening with plant based silk sonic you would have given it a 10. Can't give it a 0 just because you're vegan Anthony.
So this was the reason Youtube wanna put down the dislike button
“An Evening With Ripe Melon”
How could you dare... you pulled out the bass.
7/10? Lol wrong
I saw the thumbnail with no yellow flannel and went in with remorse. And left with much more remorse
yb better
Glad we can still see the dislikes for this one
nah he tweakin
Neat
Nah. I mean fair points but nah.
This might be the most heated reaction anthony has gotten from a Strong 7 to Light 8 god damn
YOOOO CURVEBALL 7
why so many dislikes
Do 200 stab wounds
This record came out and I felt like it left something to be desired but I couldn’t put my finger on exactly what, I think this video pretty much sums up exactly what’s up and that’s why Anthony Fantano is the greatest nerd in the game
It was good but 7 is about right
YouTube took away the dislike bar just in time
Oh boy I'm going to enjoy this comment section
Me: Oh cool, Melon's reviewing Silk Sonic.  *Sees like/dislike ratio* Me: Oh fuck...
Dunkey was right about you and 7s
Dude do you even enjoy music
if it was called "To Silk a Sonic" you would''ve given it an 10
This the new MBDTF Anthony
I have never seen a video where Fantano gives a really good score yet people really dislike the video lol
i see why he gave it this score but i’m starting to see that it always seems to be issues with production. so much is given to the personality of these songs and the tongue in cheekiness of it that i just can’t fathom giving it lower than a 8 or a 9. i’ve also seen him giving high scores to albums that don’t really have the writing chops to grab me, also. maybe it’s just me seeing it but it is starting to feel that way with every subsequent review. long time fan, first time caller.
i agree
I just wish this album came out during the summer. It has that feel-good vibe we needed during that time.
You're just racist, Anthony.
10!  For me dog!
I got I got I got I got     7 in my DNA.
You got us messed up if you think we are gonna let you slide with only a 7.
DAMN 2.0
Looks like we get to use the dislike button one more time before it goes away
Damn, 2021 has so much questionable 7/10...
I can still guarantee this is gonna be in his top 50 of the year though
Honestly it seems like the dude only gave it a seven to be controversial. Smart move, melon
I’ve literally seen ZERO negative feedback on this album on the internet since it’s release. Can’t wait for melon stans to start saying they always thought it was a 7.
Classic Anthony 👍
So this record is derivative, redundant and too short, got it.
let anderson just get a 9 or 10 for once, he just keeps getting 7's
someone called it out that it was going to be a 7 LMAO
DAMN
Let me know if you noticed this before I said anything        “AN EVE      WITH”
????????????????????????????
Where tf is the review for the new idles record???
Rare L by Fantano here.
Glad I'm not the only one who heard "Dick In A Box" on the first listen
This is literaly 2 point above the worst album of all time
Why do I feel like Bruno's not going to get his flowers every time.
Am I the only one who doesn’t care about the score of this album and just wants to see the Crawler review
YOU FUCKIN WHAT
MBDTF of this decade
“In a way, a 7 is the highest honor he can bestow. But at the same time, this is a God damn outrage.” - Dunkey
The Four Horsemen of "Only a 7???": - DAMN. - Fetch the Bolt Cutters - Carrie and Lowell - An Evening With Silk Sonic
bro ur wrong
Im not surprised at all. It's nothing groundbreaking. A solid album giving us music we've all heard before. A 7 is right on the dot.
i appreciate you liking this album yet having your criticisms for it. unsubbed
If this album was named My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy and was created by Kanye West you would have given this a 6
He’s gonna say it’s too safe
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCKKK
Please Anthony. Just paint a green square on the wall. That clip has got to go.
FUN is the word that defines this album for sure.
Wow the 3rd 10/10 of the year,I don’t even need to watch the video to know it’s a 10  Edit:😐
Toxic fan theory: Melon hacked YouTube to get rid of the dislike button knowing how people would react to this not being a 10
dear god if this didn’t get a 10 I have lost hope 😂
HAHAHAHA A 7/10  All the people that were constantly commenting about this being a 9-10 contender jinxed this review.
Called it
Silk sonic just sound like a cover band
You took advantage of YouTube removing the dislike bar, little savage melon
man… The “Dick in a Box” comparison is pretty dumb. It’s kinda a reach to make that the main reason you dislike one of the biggest songs on the album. I mean it’s the only one really with Bootsy Collins, a bass legend and Thundercat, a new, arguable, bass legend. Plus, just similar structure and chord progression doesn’t account for so much more that makes the song special, IE the crazy horns, bass, and the anticipation of each verse builds to that Nut of a chorus. After last night is fucking fire
wtf i was really expecting like a 9
7.5 is the score for me, well produced fun album but is it really any better then the music it's derived from? And is just me or using Bootsy Collins as a watermark or some kind of prop kind of played out at this point, solid jams, great production, enjoyed it allot but people are over hyping this no doubt.  I kinda get the feel there are some Bruno Stan's making this thing out to be more then it actually is.
Moments like this are when YouTube failed us by hiding the dislikes
I thought this albums was a strong 9 to a 10 but after watching this ive come to a realisation that is it a 7
I really thought it was gonna be a 9.
This comment section is gonna be a blast!
I think he actually meant to give this a 777/10
it's not the size of the record that matters, it's what you do with it
Bro wtf? This is at least a 9
i thought i was finally healed after the black midi review but this just sent me right back into melon purgatory
as someone who’s never hear dick in a box, i’m scared to listen to it in case it ruins after last night for me lmao
Anthony there is no way you gave this album the same score as lil pump
boy ain't no way boy
U lucky dislikes aren’t public anymore
This masterpiece got the same score as Lil Pump…
ofc its a 7😐
if it was called Pilk Sonic you would've given it a ten
nah anthony you gotta go bro. i can't believe this. i saw you in the thumbnail with no yellow flannel thinking it was gonna be a funny meme. im crying on the toilet and using the toilet paper to wipe my eyes. there are snot bubbles forming out of my left nostril and im shaking so hard the poop is getting chopped off
the most negatively received positive review of all time
Agree 100%
i'm sorry melon, it's a 10 in my book
This is my favourite album I've listened to this year, it's a 10/10 for me. Bruno's vocals are killer but I don't hear people giving Anderson enough praise for the improvements in his range.
it's not a short album if u play it on repeat 😏
I wonder how many dislikes there are lol
Album is a 9  Every song is great.  777 is the only low and even at that the song is good. Just the other 7 are way better.
An 8, 2k dislikes, did we watch the same review??
Bro I’m not the only one who didn’t give this a higher rating 😭 the whole album lowkey sounds the same, it’s very generic radio hits. It’s great don’t get me wrong, but nothing crazy, it’s no classic lol.
LOL DICK IN A BOX ACTUALLY RUINED IT HOLY SHIT
9/10 review it again
this is the worst time for youtube to remove the dislikes.
deserve a 9 or 10. These artists doing niche music needs to be celebrated. Disappointed.
…what?
i would say it is a 9 personlly but i understand what your problems are
This deserved a 9
he can't keep getting away with this
It's at least an 8
you def deserve this dislike bro
ooooooooofd what
Comparing this album to Sonic the hedgehog soundtrack isnt a review Melon man. Subscribed!
Did u say 7???????
Oh this is perfect, I will give it a 7
Let's be honest everybody, at this point a strong 7 light 8 is the new 10. With that said An Evening with Silk Sonic is a 10 out of 10 album!
This album deserves as 9, easily
I agree with that ten fantano!
Purple Rain, Thriller, Control, Rapture, TDSotM, 24k Magic, Gap Band IV, No Jacket Required, Can't Slow Down, Hotter Than July, Illmatic  ...All 10 tracks or less... Silk Sonic will give us a few more on the deluxe version.
Dang, I thought this album was a 9 myself. One thing I don't understand is the argument of the album being on the shorter side being a negative when you've given shorter records like Kids See Ghosts higher scores. Can you explain why that hinders an album like this, but not others? (Just using KSG as an obvious example)
DAMN. all over again
bro c'mon. this is a 9 for sure
Melon, I love you, but I gotta dislike this one. This was an easy 8.
This collab is cringe.
P A I N
This is a light 9 imo, super energetic and beautiful stuff from the duo
Crazy we all knew this would be a 7 since ant loved the 3 singles 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
you're lucky dislikes are disabled fantano
I know they don’t show it anymore, but I just wanted you to know that I “disliked” this video. 🤝
Huh?
i disagree with you vehemently on this melon head  if this had broken down blender and toilet clogging noises you would have given this  a 9
This is essentially 2021’s Damn.
I was a least expecting a 8 or 9 from melon but a 7 though? sheesh...
Those dislikes tho.
ok but like... how is after last night NOT one of your favorite tracks off this
I hoenstly agree with this. The three singles released were absolutely fantastic but the whole album doesn't really live up to those standards.
what is wrong with you
Ayo, I knew he wasn't gonna give it a 10. (IMO, this album is a 9, no flaws but very short and pretty safe.) BUT HE ACTUALLY GAVE IT A 7!? LMAOOOOOOOOO.
Massive L bro
Goes to show that you just cannot predict when it comes to the melon
Melons about to have me smoking out the window
Knowing Fantanos taste, why would you ever think he’d give this anything over an 8 lmao (should’ve gotten an 8 tho)
If this album had mc ride credited in one of the songs you would have given this a 10
This is a Crime
The comments clearly show how there's a huge difference between a strong 7 and a light 8.
After Last Night is a masterpiece
this really is the most surprised I’ve been by a score
Damn you Fantano!
This album has gotten my average grade.  This album does not deserve my average grade. Imma write my own review. Give it a 10 Get a 7  Help
This is clearly a light to decent 8 and not a strong 7 to a light 8, I am disappointed in you melon.
This is 9/10 stop it
If everyone didn't spam *I can't wait for the Silk Sonic review* on his other videos, he would've given it a 9.  Jokes aside, It's genuinely a *9* for me.
777 is one of the best songs of the year wtf
8.5/10 Some of the songs blend together too well to the point that I lost track of where I was on the album. Wish there was more variety to the album; "777" was a breath of fresh air in terms of sound even if it was a bit lackluster. Needless to say,  "Smoking Out the Window" and "Blast Off" slap.
this album is flawless, concise and to the  point. this album is all too short to say that a lack of variety is a flaw. this album should be a 9 at the very least.
Melon, u fool. Your music reviewing card has been revoked
they're gonna rip my boy apart in the comments for this one
i still see the dislike count but make me the second dislike button. dang you melon😮‍💨
7777
:mmn ok there's some flaws, maybe a 9  melon:   s  t  r  o  n  g   7  : WTF!?
Anthony, just because you and Anderson are beefing about Best Teeth In The Game, does not mean you can doc Silk Sonic points on the album...
Damn, Anthony's finally moving on from his tsundere phase and been giving a lot of 10s lately
Not a 10 = ratio
People were hyping this review way too much, I agree it’s a good album with some incredibly enjoyable songs but overall it can get to the point where the songs kind of blend into each other without too much variety on between  of them.
why are people acting like a 7 is a negative review for the 10 millionth time
SAY TEN RIGHT NOW
I respectfully disagree with your opinion. Good day to you, sir.
this is my mbdtf or damn. moment, isn't it
anderson .paak's 7 curse continues
Idk Melon, comparing this to Die Lit for 6 minutes straight can hardly be called a review but whatever floats your boat I guess.
The Like to Dislike ratio spoiled the review for me😂💔  Almost like Bruno and Paak knew they'd get a 7 they made "777" for melon😂
7!? WHAT THE FUCK
This is a great collaboration and easy listening is its aim - enjoyable, mix effortessly
The 7 score is truly the most conflicting score of them all
You have yet to mature Fantano.
I agree
If only Bruno does gun noises in the first track, this would be a 10/10.
Man, Melon always snubs Bruno. Same thing happened to 24K Magic: almost nothing but positives then gives a 7.
Glad to see that you gave that opinion to An Eve with Silk Sonic, can't wait to see your review for An Evening with Silk Sonic
I hate this dude so much
Dick in a Box 📦 was my first thought to😂😂😂😂
Decent album but i felt the song structures could of been a little bit more stronger and make some of the lyrics less goofy... Hopefully this isn't a one off thing and improve on the next album.
A 7/10....
Uh yellow fanel?
The fact that this got the same score as The Mid Season is just sad
Sadly don’t care… 9.5/10
anthony, explaining how silkworms produce silk and calling it an album review is just atrocious.
This shit is fun as hell. At least an 8
Surprised that Daddy's Home by St. Vincent got a 9 but this got a 7. Both albums draw on similar influences but silk sonic imo does it so much better. St. Vincent may have had a somewhat more original take but in some ways I would argue her songwriting is just as derivative.
Top 10 Anime Betrayals
This album is too enjoyable to get a 10.
7😬
I feel like '777' was them trying to freestyle confidence for nearly 3mins and even then it NEARLY worked.   Outside of that every song absolutely slapped - the sheer chemistry and vocal talent between the two artists is its' X-factor and easily makes this a 9.
Can't believe it - I'm in disbelief
Worst part of this review is the Rowing Blazers shirt
My first ever dislike, wow
No
If this album was a 10 you would give it a 10
Well damn, after you finished I was expecting a 8 at least.
weird way to spell 10/10
I feel like my man's jaded
….I know you didn’t just give this a lower rating than olivia rodrigo’s album … i can’t
bro this guy is hilarious man 😂
this would’ve been a 10 if it was a noise album
Blast off your least favorite track ???
"Kinda sounds like dick in a box by lonely island" has to be the worst critique I've ever heard.
i was THIS CLOSE to forming my own opinion that this was a good album, thanks melon
The way you didn't let the hype bias your score is great Melon. Good review!         (ITS 10/10, REVIEW IT AGAIN, ITS 10/10 REVIEW IT AGAIN)
Wait so I’m a new viewer and I’m a little confused about the score.  So is it a 7 or an 8?
This album is an instant classic.
the way a 7 gets mass disliked get ur priorities straight yall lol
this man had nothing but amazing things to say about this album 😭 WHY A 7 THIS IS A HOOD CLASSIC
dude what
If these guys were called Sick Chronic you'd give the 10
bullshit
wtf
Would love to hear your thoughts on Parcels new albums Day/Night!
I think it's cool that they made a 70s album in this era. I wish it was a little longer because I enjoyed the ride I was taken on. They left me wanting to explore more of 70s funk specfically, and probably obviously, Bootsy Collins. The few downsides I could think of was how commercial it sounded with 777 being a generic casino scene, and I can totally hear the chorus of Fly as Me being on a Khol's or Old Navy ad. Other than that I liked it and hope to see maybe more projects like this one.
kohls music
Wasn’t experimental. 7 justified.
Like what Shawn cee said this album ain't for you if you ain't black  Sorry Melon
He did this to show YouTube the power of the dislike button
REDUX INCOMING!
No. I think it's a 9 therefore I will revise this memory and change your score
im gonna scream a SEVEN??
Im starting to believe Fantano would give "Whats going on" and "songs in the key of life" albums a light 7 atp. Melon wtfff.
n this definitely was a surprise score, I definitely am more fond of it. Melon did what Melon does though and it isn't going to affect my love of this record one bit. For the record, it's still quite a positive review I just don't agree with the flaws he points out
was expecting atleast an 8 but DAMN
most dissapointed ive felt about a review this year
Melon this album is a 10 this is not a 7 lol
Anthony having that look on his face in the thumbnail because he sees the dislikes coming in
How could melon not give this a 10! I’m getting MBDTF déjà vu.
I bet 32 pearly whites were behind this decision.
the fact that you only typed four characters into the score at the bottom makes me angerey
Woulve been an 9 if it didnt have wilshire
Boooooooo
One of the worst reviews by you not gonna lie, sounded like not matter how good the music was, you found whatever stupid argument to say it's not like that. Saying 777 is like a casino commercial written by James Brown in what world is that a bad thing? And that's just a weird analogy lmao, this feels like a Swimming "3" type of moment
I just knew inside my skin and bones he wouldn't give it at 10. It just is possible that he would.
Wha-
DAMN
should be strong 8 fantano
That's why Anderson .Paak got the best Teeth in the world.
Melon trying to top MBDTF review.
This is fair. As well as they executed the style of the 70’s, they never really pushed it past that. Would have loved to hear more people like thundercat on this project as a means of bringing something new to the table. Like, could you imagine a track with FlyLo production? Man I hope they do more stuff in the future.
dick in a box was a cultural turning point they should be lucky to capture its paradigm-shifting sound
y'all are deranged getting mad over a 7. This album didn't reinvent the wheel, it's just well produced, well written, well performed songs in familiar throwback genres.
Anthony only releasing this after dislike button removed
It's ok, Melon Man. We know you forgot to change the scoring system from /10 to /7. We love this album too
Tbh for Fantano this is not even that bad so idk why there are 1.2k dislikes
The fact that 777 sounds like james brown is the best thing about it. That style is amazing
Melon: *complains that there are only 9 tracks.*    Also Melon: *gives a 7 track album a 10.*
You promised yellow flannel
Flat 9 for me. 777 was never as fun after the first listen and the last one just doesn't have the same appeal as the others. Otherwise the music is just perfection.
I feel like this is the final proof that every 9-10 album is a 7 for melon-man
as lord farquaad would say: unfortunate
7/10 because you thought a song vaguely sounded like a parody song relevant 10 years ago. nice
Lock your doors Fantano this is foul
this man is my least favorite person now
Jungle Boogie > Fly As Me
Anthony giving the album a perfect score of a 7 out of 7.  I really enjoyed this album and I keep going back to it. I think it being a tight 30 minutes works in its advantage because it doesn't over stay its welcome. While it's not going to be Album of the Year it's a fun project and will definitely make my top 10 possibly top 5. It's just a ton of fun and sometimes that's all you really need.
At this point these scores are to troll because how are your fav tracks basically the entire album yet still it’s a 7 lol your opinion so it is what it is
Should of least gave it an 8 lol.
What
Let's go, im not alone!
This was my second favorite album that came out last Friday right after Red (Taylor's Version). It's such a vibe and easy to listen to on repeat. Tied for 3rd with Donda and after Call Me If You Get Lost.
Should have been the light 8…
Red TV >>>>
I AGREE WITH ALL YOUR ALBUM REVIEWS... BUT THIS????? THIS CANT BE JUST A STRONG 7 MAN! ITS A STRONG 9 TO LIGHT 10!
Imagine being mad about a reviewer giving a cheesy, derivative, too-short album a 7.
I never give out 10s but this album was a 10 for me. A 7 def seems too low but thats just me
Y'all realize he's just gonna look forward to YouTube disabling dislikes even more, right?
L
man what the fuck
L
It’s an okay album, y’all need to calm down.
wrong.
Strong 7 is basically an 8, and you gotta add the strong in as well, so technically it’s a strong 8 and a strong 8 is basically a nine, and a nine is basically a ten, In conclusion, Silk Sonic is a 10
someone record the ratio on this video before YouTube takes it off 👀
Bruh.
Melon only gave it a 7 because YouTube removed the dislike button
strong 8 light 9 to me
I thought to myself "yeah this album is so fucking good, it's near perfect but fantano is stinky so he will only give this an 8"  and then you managed to create a DAMN. no.2
Why does this feel like a personal attack?
Look everyone it's the new DAMN.
I cant believe he gave this album a DAMN/10
If this was made by Danny Brown you would be saying this is the best álbum in 15 years 😶😶😶😶😶😶😶😶😶
777, let's gooo 💥
I knew this shit was going to end up being a fucking 7 😂
worst take since DAMN.
Seven! Seven! Seven! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
You know the score is bad when the comments are talking about music
Wish YouTube didn’t remove the dislikes, would’ve loved to seen the ratio
This is a perfect album, man. Imagine if it had just one not so good track. He would've literally given it a 5.
What the hell Fantano
Poha Melon, um 7? Tá de sacanagem?1
Crazy how man isn’t allowed to change his opinion after numerous more listens from front to back and not as occasional singles
There are a lotta unhappy people over this album getting any criticism. Shutup dudes we all know its not perfect but its very damn close
Look here, Melon, I hope you find whatever it is that you need. But I also hope that your triflin' ass is walkin' barefoot in these streets
777/10
I love how symmetrical his mustache has become
Fantanos going to be happy with the disappearance of the dislike after this shit
Anthony, that 7 got me Smokin out the window
You Gon regret this one
Oh no It's DAMN all over again
Bro a 7… really?…
Best album I’ve heard in a long time. Up there with The Stranger for me
He just jealous that anderson has the real best teeth in the game.
it’s a 9 melon
WHAT?!....NO!
This guy is really gonna benefit off them dislikes disappearing lol
Yeah this is going alongside mbdtf isn't it
Very nice
I should've seen it coming
I think Anthony's review is a pretty hot take. The album is either a 8 or 9 for me. Skate is the weakest track on the album.  I personally think this Silk Sonic album is an album the world needs right now. It's not really about if originality makes or breaks it, it's the vibe and based on charts and sales people want that.
Anyone who thought this had any chance of being more than a 7 didn't listen to the album lmao.  Y'all wild with the dislikes.
What.
disgusting
7 is a fitting score in my opinion, a real likeable and fun album, just not something that is totally new or mind blowing.
L + ratio
if youtube still had dislikes you would have given this album a ten
Lmaooo
Sounds Timeless because takes things that worked in the past like marvin Gayes music. Imo is not risky RnB Luke Franks Ocean or Childish Gambino, even Like flower Boy, sounds amazing and expensive but, nothjng that blast myself off
A SEVEN??? SEVEN
.
strong 7 is bullshit. no i did not watch the video. but i did listen to it. TEN OUT OF TEN BABYYYYY GO METS!
ZAMN.
DAMN 2.0
Lol he knows it’s a 10, just wants drama by rating it a 7
70s version of future 💀💀💀 that’s the most accurate description of that song tho
All I can say about this getting a 7 is "DAMN."
ok what the fuck is wrong with everyone he LIKED THE ALBUM
what the fuck
Bro this is an 8 at least
STRONG 7?!  I’m coming rn.
Bruno never get an 8 score
this is a 10/10 album of the decade i'm starting to think anthony just has bad taste
Crawlerrrrrrrrr
L
Look how he massacred my boys...
This could have been the redemption for MBDTF but he blew it again.
Haven’t watched it or checked the description……but the lack of a yellow flannel is VERY concerning
That "10" has a weird shape
Melon down bad
Quote Fantano: you guys can be expecting a big fat yellow flannel on this one
incorrect anthony
This is 7 times worse than the damn. Review
I love u antknee but I can’t watch this one
I saw that like to dislike ratio, as it is now, and thought he gave it something like a 4 or 5.
Boooooo how is this a 7 ???? Tf is wrong with you melon . Damn so this is how Kendrick fans felt after DAMN 🤔
While I don’t think the album is a 10, I would say it’s at least an 8/9
Confused. I am confused.
I haven't listened to dick in a box in like 10yrs so idek how anybody found a resemblance and I'm not going to listen to find it either 😂
Ratio
Am I the only one who felt like Anthony would've given this a strong 8 - light 9?
where’s the 10
so this is what it felt like when DAMN was released
Does anyone else just feel like this album review is a bit lack luster? I expected it to be at least a lil bit longer than 7 mins considering the fact that both these guys are well respected music artists who released one of the most anticipated records of the year,.
This is a strong 8, i think
it doesnt sound like dick on a box XD at all
Scores no longer have meaning
WOOT
Knew it would be a 7
We know it would be a 10 , if fantano ever played games (Sonic)
What I love most about this channel is that Melon's opinions can always surprise me, even if we disagree. Nothing fresher than an honest opinion in these days of predictable music journalism.
dislike: like this comment if you dislike this video.
no melon giving the album a 7 because "anderson has better teeth and bruno has more hair" isn't a review
Bruh this how I feel like it was good but I hyped it up a little to much
So lil pump = silk sonic
You know the album’s good when people are mad over a 7
It's a 10, its aoty contender
I, too, find this album to be around the same quality as lil pump by lil pump.
melon pulled a DAMN.
bruh...
WHAT.
He’s spot on.
Bruh that's evil
Throwback to the stream when you hinted at a yellow flannel. Those were the times...🥲
10!!!
Fair
HE GAVE IT A TEN TEN TEN TEN TEN
Lol I’m glad you noticed the lonely island rip off too
Im actually shocked. Wow
Sorry Anthony, all us fans already got together and decided this was a 10, you’re gonna have to sit in the back of the van on the ride home buddy
Anthony we were joking we didnt actually want you to give it a 7
Holy L
7. That’s crazyyy…
COME ON MAN JUST AN 8 THIS CANT BE I NEED TO SEE THAT ALBUM ON THE LOVED LIST
Melon you are becoming old, you definitly are listening that shit wrong
tonight was really a night of bad takes from you fantano. I am diappointed
nah this is bait
Don't worry guys, he's just testing the youtube dislikes
Melon bro what is this
Anthony, you can’t just give this album a 7 because it doesn’t have “legitimate” ties to the Silk Road
Huge L
L
😱a 10!!!
you GOTTA run this one back brother
The first reasonable review I have seen
This man even pulled out the bass during the stream because the track compelled him to groove and he repays it with a 7? Okay Anthony, okay.
Epic
Imagine this gets treated like “MBDTF is a 6”
“y’all know this is just my opinion, right?”   your opinion sucks
I just think it's a misstep Fantano didn't even mention the fantastic recording/mixing on this album
Boy, am I glad that I don’t have to take Anthony’s opinion seriously. It seems to me like some people need him to give this album a 9 or above to confirm their own love of it. It’s just as good as you thought it was before this review dropped. As for the review, it definitely feels like he was stretching to find some negative points and give this album a lower score than it really deserved.
Damn. I was expecting AT LEAST an 8
dont care + ratio + ur bald
nah
Yeah anything below a 9 rating deserves dislikes
Here comes the white boys soy raging that he didn’t give this a 10
I personally think the album deserved something north of 8, but I respect your opinion Anthony as always.  Unsubscribed then resubscribed
People think unironically this is a 10 and think they can say someone else has bad taste? Lmao
DAMN moment
This review is so biased if Radioedhead by the money Store was the name of the tile album title name he would have givenra ten *disliek *unsubscirbed
I like this score. Surely an album that's acting as a tribute to a genre, even if it's crasftmanship is executed perfectly, couldn't rank as high as something produced at the same level that's also objectively pushing boundries like the 9's and 10's he's given (KSG, TPAB etc).
At this point, you're complaining for the sake of it.
You legit are so wrong I'm gonna throw up
This is literally the best album ever. light 7
If this was called "An Evening with Silk Sonic The Hedgehog 2 for the Sega Genesis which was a game released on November 21st 1992 to much critical acclaim and is still considered one of the best Sonic games ever made" you would have given this a 10
Anthony really gave the two best records of the year 7s.
This is literally MBDTF part 2
Ratio
I knew this wasn’t gonna be a 10 as much as I wanted it to be. The lack of variety is apparent and I think it was a mistake releasing smokin out the window, my favorite track in the record, as a single. That put the bar way too high for them. But I did enjoy this record a lot during my second listen… just wish After Last Night was worth the save.
Personally I think it's a strong 8 to a light 9. I didn't really like 777 that much but everything else was well-written for what it was and produced imaculately. I get that it's not really boundary pushing when it comes to soul or pop but not everything has to be. This is Awaken My Love all over again lmao.  Edit: The funny typos
Yeah that score is pretty pepega antknee. 9/10 at least no cap
An upworthy album indeed.
Shocking that you gave only gave it a 7 and got thousand's of likes yet not even a single dislike, guess everyone seems to agree with your score Anthony
U wrong 4 that tony
If it were Silk Shadow I'm sure you would have given it a 10 given your unabashed bias toward black folk
as much as i love the album, i kind of have grown tired of listening to it. it's like eating plate after plate of caviar lol
Mans gonna catch hell over this one.
yeahhh it def sound like cosplay lol
Too low
The new DAMN
Little lower than I would've expected. Probably because that one guy said After Last Night sounded like Dick in a Box.
thought it was a 7 for him weirdly enough, i mean looking at albums like from the weekend and lil nas x, their singles were amazing and had alot of hype to the album just for fantano give it a 7  looks like it happened again:/
I hate you Fantano
mbdtf all over again
This is gonna be considered one of THOSE reviews
after seeing the like to dislike ratio i can sense that this probably isn't a ten lol  edit: yeah i kind of saw that coming
7 that's....nvm
Blasphemy fantano here
Thats a ratio for me melon, thank u
After Last Night really is a amazing ass song
¡¿¡¿¡¿¡¿¡¿¡¿¡¿¡¿¡¿¡¿NO YELLLOW?
Valid criticisms, praise where it was due, and a fair summary of his personal opinions on the record. Unsubscribed!
come on man
I guess I now understand how the kanye fans feel about mbdtf
Whitethony Whitetano SMDH. Shawn Cee will not be pleased with this review 😒
Knew this was gonna be a 10 the second I heard it
My account still shows the dislikes:  2,287 Likes  -  824 Dislikes.  Deserves more tbh, this should be at least 9.
OH NO HE GAVE IT A 7 AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
The Blackstar of R&B
Wow Anthony, words cannot express the betrayal I feel right now.
2nd best teeth moment
Only gave it a 7 because Anderson has the BEST TEETH IN THE GAME!
Should have been lower, tbh
what
The reason I love 777 so much is because it sounds like it should be in a commercial or movie lol
This needs a redux review
Can we turn this review into the new Damn. review?
just a reminder that this masterpiece got the same score as lil pump self titled
You smoking on this one.. I was expecting a decent 8 worst case scenario.
777 is so hard wtfffffffffff
dislike
I wasn’t expecting a 10 from you, but damn that score is harsh even by your standards
I finally formed my OWN opinion Melon, so SUCK IT.
Fentano we need you to review the new Parcels album Day/Night, it's the same beautiful disco throwback vibes but with a bit more daft punk influence and a bit of Prog to it as well
L score melon
Melon docked this album 3 points for an “it’s my duck in a box” reference 🦆
For someone who gives valid criticisms and tries to be objective in the critique of music, I very much disagree with you letting similarities to dick in a box lowering the score, yeah it may sound like it unintentionally , doesn't mean the album score should be lowered , had someone on your twitch chat not pointed it out you would've never guessed it
The real reason they removed dislikes was to hide melonhead from the inevitable with this review
Reported this video for disturbing content
I didn't leave the bar early to watch you give this album a 7.
There will be a record number of new births 9 months later. The score should be a 9 instead of a premature 7.
This album got the "Random Access Memories" treatment.
Anthony, you forgot to wear your yellow flannel for the review! Not just that, but you seem to have accidentally rated the album a 7, man you've really slipped on this one.  It's okay though, we'll sit here and wait patiently for you to correct the review :)
I mostly agree with what Anthony says here but I would still probably score it slightly higher just cause of the pure enjoyment I get from almost every single song on this album except 777 and the final track which I think are the weakest
Everyone hates you now :/
"Sounds like a 1970s Future" you mean Past
jesus christ the dislikes you really dislike this or this the last goodbye before the dislike numbers dissappear
listening to the review made me less mad about the 7      77
4:46 how dare you, Melon?
This album deserves the yellow flannel, Melon
Im bouta fr dislike this video
i was actually anticipating that you'd wear a yellow flannel for this.. damn
Ño 🤦🏽‍♂️
Hey Anthony, I was wondering what you thought of the new Unlike Pluto album "Loud Fantasy, Quiet Reality". I think his combination of pop, rock, and electronic is extremely catchy and enjoyable and wanted to know what you think of it. I don't expect a separate video, but I would appreciate it to see it in a YUNOREVIEW.
He's right doe
If 777 was 101010 you probably would have given the album a 10.
How TF Blast Off is the least fav track of yours
BASED!!!!!!!
there is no way you just gave this a 7 💀
I’m actually so disappointed.
L score
10/10 AOTY
Really?
I feel like there are a couple duds on this one, but I liked it a lot overall
I'm getting kanye flashbacks here
Weird way to say 10
Dick In A Box comment has legit ruined this album, it's all I can think of when I hear it now.
people are so eager to claim the newest piece of shit album that came out of a production studio and recycles not only a 10 year old celebrity but a 50 year old style of music is a "masterpiece". No, an album isnt a masterpiece if it appeals to your very specific self serving consumeristic world view based on recognisability of sound and recognisability of name. Fantano giving this album a 7 is incredibly generous, Yall need to stfu over a boring album, if anyone else but bruno mars released it nobody would care, go listen to literally any other soul artist from 50 years ago, get the exact same results but better
I didn't find the record that amazing especially as a fan of Soul. People who don't listen to soul as much may be mind blown by this record which is fine but to me the songs are really good but not mind blowing
This is a 10/10 and a future all time classic melon, your score is 3 points too low...
7 is a good score y’all are wilding. You can’t say it’s more than an 8 just because it’s not innovative enough, no matter how polished
why do people get so frustrated over a number? focus more on what he says
Wonder if this would’ve been higher without early single listens
All three points of this cap come from the fear that Andy is encroaching upon Anthony’s beloved “Best Teeth in the Game ™️“. You should be afraid, Melon
The thumbnail picture is everyone’s face when they see the score
Whoa, curve ball score
Wow! Great review Anthony, but did you really need to blame Bruno for the colonization of the Philippines?
GARBAGE TAKE
anthony, just because they didn’t release the album during ur bday weekend doesn’t mean it was a 7/10
Melon will now be known as the guy that  gave silk sonic a 7, atleast that would be justified as opposed to damn
Imagine want to be third member so bad that you give them 7/10
Stop overreacting, 7 is still a great score
Nice video Melon, but you didn’t have to take off 3 points just because both artists are black
Just gonna guess melon will give it a 7 :/
Why do I feel like he’s gonna regret not putting this on his album of the decade list
HE GAVE IT A DAMN.
this is one of the most obvious 10s in recent years, L melon
This is treason, Anthony.
When a 7 has this many dislikes you know the album is good
If this was Kendrick you would have gave it. 10/10
You only gave it a 7 because the album told you 3 times to do it
First review to earn like to dislike his opinion
I find it a bit plane and way too derivative. 6/10 to me.
If it was called Milf Sonic you would’ve given it a 10
Blast Off least favorite?!???
want to look at the score so bad but i have to watch the whole review cuz.. silk sonic
Anthony, Kids See Ghost was much shorter in runtime. I thought length wouldn't bother you all that much.
L
7’s from Melon that should’ve been a higher score:  Damn.  Melodrama  Future Nostalgia  After Hours  Folklore and Evermore  Juno  Silk Sonic
Correct score tbf
L
Y’all really be listening to Bruno Mars ??
Here comes another round of people looking for their opinions to be reaffirmed by someone else and getting mad when it isn't.. and also thinking a 7 is a negative or bad score, for some reason.. predictable lol
big L
This review: a light to decent 1
L score
“An Eve With”
Didnt even like 777 wow
This album is paying homage, not ripping off the classic sounds of soul. The album is channeling the foundational musical legends of the 70s through two artists in their prime, two artists who owe everything to those legends and who know it and who SHOW it. The album is definitely short, but there's no filler. It doesn't strive ''modernize'' the sounds of soul, but I think they show other modern artists that great art can be made when you look back at where you came from. This album is definitely candy for the ears but it also made me think about how much I owe to the people in my past, to figures in history, in Black history, who live through every aspect of our culture today. I felt like dancing the whole time, I felt like celebrating and I was so grateful for the of legacy soul and R & B that moves me and consistently gets me through the day.   This album is a classic. 10/10 for me.  I think your score is interesting though. I can see how the brevity of the album can be held against it but I also think that your score shows that you prioritize ''inventiveness'' or ''originality'' in your critiques. I usually don't disagree with that prioritization because originality and inventiveness usually are the mark of an artist being truthful to themselves and their audience, showing a respect for their craft, etc. All individuals are unique, so all truthful expression of individuality will come out somewhat original and I find that interesting to listen . But in this case I see and feel it differently. Silk Sonic expressed their individuality by truthfully showing reverence to those that came before them, by embracing collaboration and by letting themselves just have fun and feel joy fully, no cynicism. Right now, culturally, that IS original. That is bold. In certain contexts, it takes a lot of inventiveness to let loose and have fun. In certain contexts, there is a lot of power in celebration.
I for one agree with this score. To me this album is kinda like a Greta Van Fleet thing but for 70s soul, albeit executed MUCH better. Now there's nothing inherently wrong with that, and the album is a lot of fun to listen to, but it's kinda intentionally silly and even ironic so there's a limit to how impactful of a listen it's capable of being. The cosplay analogy is pretty spot on.
lol said during the stream "you guys can expect a big fat yellow flannel"
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 he did it
Melon rated this 2 percentiles more than KSI’s album. Washed in my books
How dare you only enjoy this album
Oh, no no no no no no.
I agree. Most people are starstruck but i think it’s cause people don’t listen to enough 70s music lol. it’s mostly carried by the AMAZING production and just the slight modern twist.
where the fucks the yellow flannel melon
This ain't it chief
i knew it
after last night not in fav tracks ??
BRING BACK THE FUCKING DISLIKES A 7 MELON IM DISLIKING
777
Completely agree with melon, this album is 7/7.
L
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS FOR SO LONG
OOF.
Why, melon
Bro…
Considering how excited he was during the singles it’s shocking to see how mellow he sounds :( I thought this would be so high
DAMN./10
¿?
Ain't no way you gave this a 7. This album is a 10/10 easy
melon got me smokin out the window 😡
This is too egregious melon I can’t  defend you for this one
Damn. Really?
Honestly from seeing his reaction to the 3 singles that came out before the album i thought this would get ATLEAST a decent 8/10
My dissapointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined, thank you for another constructive review Melon
just because youtubes removing the number of dislikes doesnt mean you have to abuse it so much, i thought this was gonna be a 4/10 or something when i saw that dislike ratio bar god damn
Bruh what happened, you've been gushing over a majority of the album until now, and it gets a 7?
“This is why I say that TheNeedleDrop has done more damage to young African-Americans than racism in recent years"
With all my respect, I'm pissed
i dont understand how the value of a song decreases when someone mentions that it sounds similar to a "meme" song? Like the song on it's own is still amazing, you said it yourself during the live stream that it holds on its 2 legs. So why has that become a negative now?
wassup Fantano!
I’m not one to get mad at fantano scores but this… this does make me feel a certain way
This hurt so much I was so excited to see a 9 or 10
This take is.
Put it in the books with the worst fantano reviews folks.
huh
this is a pretty generous rating for a soul revival record, a highly derivative piece of music, yet people still whinge that its not high enough. If im perfectly honest this album shouldve been a 4, yet fantano likes to appeal to a certain demographic of consumeristic idiots, yet its apparently still not enough. We need a radical change in the music community, too many pseudo intellectuals that think they know shit about music calling whatever bland derivative album comes next a "10" based purely on a fleeting moment of recognisability. What would most modern music critiques rate Beethoven's 9th? What gross pseudo-intellectual "arguments" would they use to justify their individual stupidity.
Anthony, just because Bruno Mars is from Hawaii, you can't spend the entire review calling him a failed Luau performer
You're delusional.
He still mad about Andy's teeth..
W
but u liked it in the livestream
c'mon we all know this deserved at least a 9
Fantano retains the title of Best Teeth in the Game by giving Anderson .Paak the L with this review.  Also, I really disagree here - this is a light 9.
damn
I really want to love this project. I like it, but for funk music, it’s too clean. There’s no mess. GoddMn quantizers.
"What did Fantano give Silk Sonic's debut?" "Sheeeet I'm gonna show you later"
This is a troll right? Blast off as your least favorite is blasphemy, wow. I was expecting 777 to be your least favorite, but how is that track sterile?   One thing I have an issue with your reviews is that you never value replayability. Don't say you do, there are plenty of albums where you clearly don't factor it in like your rushed Jeffery review and that abysmal swimming review. Please consider one of the important factors in music, as what's the use of music if you cannot come back and enjoy it?
If this album had Bruno Mars and The Weeknd together as a duo, you would've gave it a 10 Anthony.
The Lonely Island criticism was pointless and should not have influenced the score.
ratio + silk sonic is a 10
That one dude in the chat that pointed out the "dick in a box" similarity single-handedly lowered the album score by at least 1 point
melon forgot the dislike update hasn't been fully implemented yet
The thumbnail looks like Anderson.Paak asked for his teeth back.
what
WNTHONY WANTANO
Sorry Fantano. I've already formed up my own opinion
best album of 2021, 7/10  -fantano
Anthony Poetano: Silk Sonic Strong Seven  Me: Damn... Your alliteration is on point
How does it feel to be objectively incorrect. Like DAMN Melon. You must have some kind of dark twisted fantasy, or the Ohms of your innerspeaker might not match up. Maybe you can find yourself a beach house on an inlet far away as you listen to the hum
Wow. Didn't expect this at all
why 7??? 😪
Fantano's comment section is always a harsh reminder that 100% of the world can be happy 0% of the time
I'd say the album overall is good. However, I don't think any of the other songs were as good as the singles "Leave the Door Open" and "Skate".
Antony, you can't give Silk Sonic a 7/10 just because Anderson .Paak's teeth are shinier.
Booooo
All I hear is that it isn't very original but still good
yeah thats a strong to a light dislike, melon
haha he really did it
L fucking score L fucking life
This album consistently from front to back has amazing, creative, and unique tracks that never get old and is an amazing example of an instant classic.  7/10
I dont see how this is any different than Itekoma hits or Like Clockwork. Those albums aren't really pushing the envelope or doing anything anyone else hasn't and the songs on this album are way better imo
L score W melon
If You think DAMN was way too good for a 7, same thing applies here.
I feel another MBDTF-category scandal coming along
No.
melon personally requested youtube to remove the dislike ratio purely in preparation for this review
💀
If anyone needs d proof that Fantano's viewers aren't just adopting his opinions everyone knew from go that he'd somehow find a way to give this album a lower score than expected, and everyone collectively will just move on with their own 9s and 10s.
Just like MBDTF review, I believe Melon has gotten it wrong.
Is this what it feels like to be a Kendrick Lamar fan, cause it hurts, very bad.
This is your worst review. Yes worse than MBDTF. terrible take
I’m punching the air in frustration.
SEVEN SEVEN SEVEN LETS GO
idk why people are upset. it's a great bunch of tunes. very catchy, amazing performances but it brings nothing new to the table. it's a 7/8 to me.
man i expect an 8 from u...
Silk Sonic getting a 7/10 is my 13th reason why
STRONG 8 TO LIGHT 9
Huge L
what the fuck
Absolutely love this project. While it’s not original it does things impeccably well and deserves nothing but praise  7/10
Fantano on his Twitch stream after reacting to Silk Sonic: "Anticipate a big fat yellow flannel"   Also Fantano:
You would’ve given them a 10 if they were white
AT LEAST 8/10 COME ON
lmao why was i expecting a 10. i am such an idiot. this always happens
Drop the Garbology review Mr Melon
are u serious melon?!
No melon, 777 is the title of a track. You forgot to give it an actual score lol.
— criticizes this album for being too short — kids see ghosts: 10/10
If he gives the Taylor Swift album a higher score I will off myself
I love you but, what the fuck.
Thanks Melon, you ruined my day, cheers!
I dont understand this dude
Great album. Masterful callback to 70s soul, and perfect in almost every way. 7/10
MELON TF?????? i rlly thought that you wold give a strong 8 or a light 9... DAMN bro
might have to turn off the dislike button after this one
Yay can’t wait for no one to actually listen to what he said about the record and overstate his negativity
This is a mockery, Fantano. Deserved a 10.
7 7 7…OH NOOOOOO
Blast off as least fav track is the worst war crime you've committed Melon.
Good thing dislike counters are not visible because I'm sure a lot of people are gonna disagree with this. Personally I don't disagree but seeing how people just seem to blindly eat up anything Bruno puts out without thinking whether it's actually good or not, I'm pretty sure the vast majority just completely overlooked the aspects you criticized.
Lil Pump = Silk Sonic
A what?!?! A 7/10 how could you melon
I respect your opinion and critical analysis of this record. Unsubscribed.
They’re not gonna like this one..
should’ve been an 8 minimum
Melon in new music Friday: “i love every track so far, expect a big fat yellow flannel”  Melon in review: 7 🤓
If he followed his own scoring criteria (listening enjoyability), I feel like this would get a higher score. Is originality really that important, especially in a modern context where this album sounds like nothing else put out this year?
YouTube hid the dislike button in anticipation of this video
nah blast off is perfect u buggin jit
this is Currents and MBDTF all over again
thank god the dislike button still exists
Anyone thinking this album was a 10 was crazy. I think Melon got this one right.
Just because it's 30mins long doesn't mean you can take 3 points off Melon
C'mon.  This is an honest strong 8 to a light 9.  As an example, Happier than Ever is a solid 7.  To be fair, I actually like a lot of her music, but it's definitely a 7.  This is just miles better
no
you gave it a 7/10 but didn’t like 777??? smh
just when i thought your MBDTF and swimming review was the worst...you strike again melon 😔💔
After Last Night was legit one of the best songs on the album how you didn’t even put it in your favorite section is mind boggling
Im getting DAMN. vibes from this
How it should’ve been…  FAV TRACKS: LEAVE THE DOOR OPEN, AFTER LAST NIGHT, SMOKIN OUT THE WINDOW, PUT ON A SMILE, 777, SKATE, LOVE TRAIN, BLAST OFF  LEAST FAV TRACK: SILK SONIC INTRO  10/10
U lucky dislikes can’t be publicly seen anymore lol
😐😑😐
Some of y’all thought it would be a 9!!! 😭😭😭😭👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Cmon now
Ladies and gentlemen, I present to you, the new DAMN.
The first light 11 on the channel. Melon really love this as much as we do for once.
"He loved it....BUT NOT ENOUGH"  -Fantano fans before, now, and in the future
I don’t think Anthony actually listened to this record
Under K From Hot review!!!!!!!
e
MeLon
Biggest L since Swimming Melon
*9 songs, 9 months? This is no coincidence. There’s going to be a surge of deliveries in the months of July and August. Bitches getting hella pregnant to this.*
Weirdest lookin 10 I've ever seen in the description
I hate when anthony actually makes sense in his opinions tho.  Unsubscribed.
I was waiting for the *missing yellow flannel* joke to end the whole time
"This is the same guy that gave Silk Sonic a 7, don't mind him" is a thing now
Huh?
this is a pretty generous rating for a soul revival record, a highly derivative piece of music, yet people still whinge that its not high enough. If im perfectly honest this album shouldve been a 4, yet fantano likes to appeal to a certain demographic of consumeristic idiots, yet its apparently still not enough. We need a radical change in the music community, too many pseudo intellectuals that think they know shit about music calling whatever bland derivative album comes next a "10" based purely on a fleeting moment of recognisability. What would most modern music critiques rate Beethoven's 9th? What gross pseudo-intellectual "arguments" would they use to justify their individual stupidity.
Saying ,,I have better teeth Anderson'" for 6 minutes straight is not a good review melon.
hell nah
Hate this review, honestly expected a 9 or a 10 wtf, I don't know if he has some unwritten rule about not giving Bruno more than 7, I honestly think this is his one of the worst reviews he's ever given lol 😂
YOU LITERALLY SAID THIS WOULD BE A YELLOW FLANNEL REVIEW
Lmaooo called it
LMAOOOO this is an L melon
Why
I'll need some copium after this one
you have a chance to redeem yourself by giving the new dltzk a 10
This dude literally said he would wear the yellow flannel after reacting to the album lmao
Ratio
This is literally the only album I've listened to since it released. It's the only music I've listened to.
no, melon, no
777/10
Anthony, the rating you gave this record is absolutely bullshit. Keep up the good work
Ain’t no way
redux review when weve waited too long
Nah bro. Just no.
Homeboy gonna review Things Take Time, Take Time?
I had a feeling he was gonna give this at bare minimum a 7
10
NOthony NOtano
Dislike.
reality is often upsetting…
Oh this might be the new DAMN. Respect the opinion, but I’m shocked given by how much Melon LOVED the singles. This was probably a 9/10 for me
I see the food lines are still coming in heavy from the limp bizkit review
Oh Im for sure using the dislike button while we still got it on this one lmaoooo. This album was MINIMUM strong 8 😂😂
Strong 7 to a light 8 isnt even a bad score and people are acting like they're gonna start a riot
Nobody cares + you’re bald + ratio
Oh boy, people are gonna be MAD at this review
Hes right, yall just dont wanna admit it
ANTHONY!!! THIS ISNT A 7!!!!
It’s easily an 8.5 at least, Anthony just picky
I guess this is his second MBDTF huh?
BOOOOOOO
Biggest L of your year, melon
After Last Night is my favourite song on the album by far but it really does sound like Dick in a Box
A 7 for me, too. 7 is actually not a bad score. I do have some fun time listening the album, but is it up there with Funkadelic hits? I don't think so. There's too many Funk albums that outshines this album, even Oxnard is better. Fun, mainstream is all this album can give me. Didn't have the depth, didn't have the impact, 7 will surely suit this album.
Actually L score
Good job melon. Day ruined
DAMN.
damn do I get low standards? Blast off a bop
impressive. very nice. lets see the frailty dltzk review.
Dude just stop messing around give it a high score
L
How tf did we get here
NO ACTUAL WAY. 7?!!
Now I know how fans of MBDTF and DAMN felt
the lack of yellow flannel disturbs me
SEVEN?????? A FREAKING SEVEN???? THE DISRESPECT. this is at least a 9 smh
Fantano really waited for youtube to remove dislikes to post his review. Well played melon.
Booooooooooooo
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!
THANK YOU MELON. It’s a good record but holy FUCK is it overhyped my god.
you just broke me
you know he said "Strong 7 to a light 8" and I bet if he'd just made the "light 8" part the final graphic and description value he'd have half as many dislikes lmao
This album is a heavy 9 lite 10
Oh boy I bet your viewers are gonna receive this review in a very mature and civil manner
Blast off was amazing imo...
Criticizing this album for being derivative of an entire genre rather than just calling it an album in that genre or an homage to that era of music feels like a stretch. By that logic most modern music is equally as derivative, just of modern trends rather than older ones
I’m calling the authorities
Anthony is just trying to catch the most Ls possible today huh
L. Is a 10
This is the album I've been waiting for!
When Skate first came out I wasn’t crazy about it but it has since come to be my favorite Bruno Mars song period
the fuck?
Man I can't see the dislikes anymore :/
>:(
Booooo a 7???
How much jealously affects a best teeth in the gamer
I actually agree lol
DAMN.
Can't wait for redux review!
Use me as a Perfect 10 button
How did I know this was boutta be a 7? He had wonderful things to say about it on his stream but ofc we always land on a 7 with these. This album was an 8.5/10 AT LEAST.
L
10/10. Damn, I guess I called it. Ez dub for Anderson and Bruno.
There is absolutely no way this shit gets a 7
Hey dude, you should review the New parcels album
Shouldve waited to drop this till they disabled dislikes
U r late melon
That's the exact score this record deserved
Well, a majority of us liked it more at least
Gives it a strong 7, nearly a light 8, meaning it's a very very good record and erebody still somehow mad 🤣
Probably one of the first to actually get through the whole video, I feel like a strong 7/light 8 is justified here. I'd personally gave it a strong 8/light 9, but everything he said here is valid imo, I can see why he believes what he says here. I haven't listened to much 70's R&B at all honestly, so I can't really say how derivative or innovative this record really is, so I can't really complain about his critiques. A strong 7/light 8 is still a really good score guys, try not to freak out too much.
This duo is just absolutely perfect. By far one of the most enjoyable things that have come out this year, loved every second of this. Just super fun from front to back.
Imagine if someone gave Silk Sonic a 7, that would be pretty funny—
And y’all thought it was gonna be a 10. Lol
He just did a DAMN.
Wow Anthony, cant believe u give this the lowest score because dick in the box.
A lot of people got really fixated on this being a 9 or a 10 just because of it had some great singles that Anthony liked. Fun album but calling it best of the year is a bit of a stretch.
Anthony: it sounds like every god from every religion and myth came together to make these songs and I loved every one of them.  *Gives it a light six*
no
This is worse than Swimming getting a 3 smh.
A fairly positive review instead of an amazingly positive review!? Time to prepare the Pitchforks and torches!
DAMN. that was unexpected
L
The meme of arthur making a fist applies here too well.
Day 2 of asking this bald man to review Dom Kennedy’s From the Westside with Love 3
YouTube turned off dislikes specifically for this review
I actually like this review. They didn’t do anything new with that sound & some of the writing was cringe. 👏👏
What the fuck
It's pronounced "homage," Anthony. Not "homage."
wow...
i often wonder what score Anthony's kid would get if they asked, "How was I as a child?" on their 18th birthday.    "I'm feeling a strong 7 to a light 8, tran-"
you guys are acting like he gave it a “not good”
He really waited for Youtube to get rid of the dislikes for this one.
Haven’t been this bad since mbdtf’s 6 lmfao💀
*clicks on video, opens description, scrolls to comments*
You’re too late melon, I already made up my mind before this video
DAMN. Didn't expect it to be a 7
I feel like you would have gave Thriller a 7/10 back in the day
OMG HE GAVE IT A 7???? WORST SCORE EVER OMG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Twitch ruin" After Last Night" for the melon
You’re lucky that dislike button is disabled
is this man trying to say this record is on the same level as the last bruno mars album?????
Don’t do it YouTube, don’t remove the dislike button. We need to see this one age horribly
nope. Huge fan of the melon, but nope.
bruh wtf
A 7?!?!?
YOU DID NOT
wrong
easily the top contender for album of the year? was loving every single track? 7/10   ending the year with a shit take melon
If 7-7-7 was called 10-10-10, you would've given it a 10
admit it melon, you would’ve given this a ten if this was called silk mario
L
Melon's funk is based on his hair length; and it's obviously lacking
8.5-9 for me
This boutta be the DAMN. of R&B/Soul with that 7/10 lmao
This man had the opportunity to give it at least a light 8...
😂 I knew it  People were rooting for a 9
Wow that’s fucking crazy. No way this got a 7. L score.
Wow!
it’s mid and these people in the comments have never listened to a good soul album
You're too late, I already formed my own opinion Anthony.
wtf
ok.
DAMN.
Review the Snail Mail album already, you coward Melon boi
what did he expect? An experimental hardcore hip hop tape? This is just a super sweet, and perfected record. A 7 is fucking ridiculous honestly.
L
Enjoy the next 7 minutes, melon
I know just by the downvotes...
L
when I listened to the singles, I really thought it was gonna be a suuuper strong project, then when I saw the track list I was like "boi only 9 tracks??????". it could have been better developed and longer, it sounds like they ran out of sounds to put on it and end up being pretty simple, but smoking out the window is still THAT song wow. nice review melon, now I can reassure my opinions, thanks!
Get the dislikes ready bois
Honestly expected him to give it a 9 or an 8 given all the nice things he said about it and it went straight to a strong 7. Bruh lmao
bro a 7? i didn’t have to call them inkast ok
L, i saw this coming even though he was gassing it up smh
"An Eve with Silk Sonic" so this is not the right review here Anthony, hopefully you'll find "An Evening with Silk Sonic" to get 10/10 someday after this video!
im sorry what
wow 3 10s this year cant believe it
Just give it a 10 melon
It’s an 8.5 AT LEAST
You dont need much excuses to enjoy it melon.  The modulations in leave the door open are enough to beat 95% of todays music
I thought it was gonna be like the lil nas x review where he trolled with the thumbnail but nah he really just gave this masterpiece a 7 😐
Pretty much agree with fave songs and weakest songs, but this is an 8 at least. No bloat, no filler
Although I agree with everything you said in this review. I just really enjoyed listening to this album 💿 and have been waiting for it all year.smoking out the window is a ten out of ten
This is also when you took off the Igor vinyl, this is the worst day of my life
Y'know I'm nearly always like "Just your opinion Melon, love your videos" but I will not accept this 😡, you are walking a tight rope Anthony.  Strong 7 to a light 8? Only really enjoyed the album? Yeah ok Anthony... Shaking my SMH
I definitely saw the 7 coming, and I don't disagree. The singles were definitely a cut above the rest, honestly it might would have been better to release them as an EP and let Andy and Bruno develop a bit more, but the hype probably would have whipped into a frenzy
I usually respect Anthony’s opinions even if I don’t always agree with them, but for some reason this really pissed me off
Just when I think I finally understand this man… 7/10.
A 7? That’s it? Come on, Melon. Please, can we at least get a decent 8?
????
L NERD
This is a 9 for me. I wish you enjoyed it as much as I did, but oh well.
3 10's in one year, would have never thought the day would come melony!
Take your L fantano, you’ve won it
1: ayyy I guessed the score right, strong 7/light 8 2: this album is a 10
Bruh I thought for sure this would've gotten a strong 8 to a light to decent 9 from you. I didn't think their was a single bad track. I can see where you're coming from with some of the songs sounding similar but sheeeeesh ik 7 is still good but this album deserves more credit haha
Oh God it’s 24k Magic all over again. He just refuses to give Bruno a yellow flannel.
L score melon
vrooo this album is AT LEAST a 9
8-9/10
7 is so fair. Album is fun but it’s not doing anything new and it’s kinda short
Would have been a strong 8 if a twitch commenter hadn't said it sounded like Dick In A Box
bro wtf
anthony, no
I think a lot of people were expecting at least an 8 (myself included) based on his reactions to the singles
it's actually strong 8 antnee -_- but its ok your opinion is still valid and i'm glad you recognize the beauty and inventiveness of the album :)
who else was expecting a 9 or 10
Anthony  deducted 3 points because Anderson Paak. has the best teeth in the game instead of him
Nah man, this ain't it At least Silk Sonic deserve an 8
A 7?!? A fuckin 7??!?  I love you melon but what the actual fuck.
You completely missed the opportunity to have an ODD number of 10s this year Anthony... I'll drown in anxiety for the next few months thanks
Every song sounds incredible, 7/10 great job silk sonic
melon really waited for youtube to remove dislikes before posting this
No
Super L. This album is an easy 8 if not a 9. But it’s his opinion.
The amount of pain I felt when not seeing a yellow flannel is equivalent to hooking my nuts up to a car battery.
Melon was the cause of YouTube disabling dislikes because he knew how shit his take was on this album
7
Anthony, you can't just give this a 0 because "flannel is a better material than silk" smh
absolutely gotta disagree with blast off being the least likeable track, 777 was the lowest ball in a very good court. Overall the album was a high 8 for me.
Snake 🐍 shit right here
He literally was vibing throughout the whole record on his stream lmaoo
So.....you're saying this album is a notch better than 24k Magic?   I DISAGREE.
In the 2010s, he gave many controversial scores like mbdtf getting a 6 and DAMN. a 7. To start off the 2020s, this is start to a load of controversy. Anthony, you madman!
2:51 LMFAO
No fucking way, blast off is one of the best songs 😭😭
Bruh
*Seventhony Sevtenano here with a review of the new Silk Sonic record, DAMN.*
What happened to the “big fat yellow flannel” you said you’d have on stream, Melon??
We were rooting for you! We were all rooting for you!! 7 truly is the new 9/10.
7/10 ????? Is lowkey racist
This is gonna be DAMN. all over again
Anthony… what the fuck is this review. Like seriously. Every single track is stellar, and you know it.
fantano hella lucky youtube now hides dislikes
First DAMN at 7 now this
This hurts my soul
Personally ’m with fantano on this one, but it feels like with any Bruno Mars song or project it takes a while to grow on me so maybe it’ll be higher than a 7 for me in the future
6 minutes
Mans is about to get slaughtered for this one.
i wouldve called a solid 8/10 but i very much agree with everything you said, great review brother👍🏻
This is a crime.
Review the the new Aries album
7 is an inverted L melon
I'm sorry, but there is no way one would dare consider "Blast Off" as the worst song on the album.
if this album was called ‘to silk a sonic’ it would’ve been a 10/10
I was ready to be mad but I understand your rating after finishing it. Solid review
No way😭
Come on Anthony you know you are trying too hard to raise eyebrows. This is at least a 9.
WHAT
Eeeeek idk about this one man
Dislike
L
You really knocked off 3 points because of Anderson. Paaks teef game? Smh.
Normally I tend to agree that opinions are subjective.  But not this time...  Your opinion is wrong, Melon
Called it!
What a shame, guess I can't love the record anymore. I only like it a decent amount now.
7 wow
i’m disappointed melon, all of this leading up to a 7? Honestly this should of been a ten
We can now say this album is MASSIVELY underrated
L of the decade
Andolphy Hitlano
dislike it now before it gets taken away
I've figured it out, he rates all of the best albums 7s because at the end of the day, review scores don't matter when music is subjective
Milk Melon
This is gonna be one of the infamous reviews
yeah, no
L
Ventura pt. 2
You didn't have to take 3 points of because you won't be as fly as them Anthony
Wrongthony wrongtano
use me as a dislike button
It’s a 6-7 don’t be offended
W
What
wow a 10!
Youtube better remove the dislike count for this one
I appreciate the album’s brevity, it’s nice to have a big release that isn’t over an hour long like Drake and Kanye’s albums.
this ain't it melon top 3 album this year
Smoking out the window
We know its a 6
L score, melon
This was a lot more negative than I expected he listened to like 80 percent of the album and loved it what happened lol.
Melon gonna have to block replies for a bit 😂
before I watch this imma rate the album a strong 6. It's a watered down Anderson .Paak album with Boring Bruno sprinkled in
I love the album. These 2 are a match made in heaven
Bruno and paak Finna dip like Kendrick with this 7
This Melon tweaking.
You’re lucky YouTube is taking the dislikes away
Don’t even know what to say Melon…
There is nothing bad about this album why is it a 7
Ant-knee NOOOOOOOOO
This album reminds me a lot of Awaken my Love in that it revived and combines old genres that influenced the artist and is done in a really creative and fresh way
Why are y’all surprised
L
I mean, kinda proud that melon didn't back down from his opinion and gave a score 2 or 3 points bellow from what people expected, respect        Unsubscribed.
The Like /Dislike ratio is going to be wild
THIS B*TCH gave silk sonic a 7
But the comments promised me a 10 lmao
Imagine if dislikes were still here
Anthony I'm telling you this is AOTY, mfs lost the ability to miss
you would have given this a 10 if you got invited to the Silk Sonic picnic smh
You gave it a 7 just because you are jealous of Anderson's teeth.
Admit it, the only reason this didn't get a 10 is because you prefer to keep the door closed
*HOLY FUCK AN ELEVEN OUTTA TEN??¿?!!*
Strong 7 to a light 8
doing november fools, i see
There is blood on your hands Anthony
L
strong 7 is basically an 8, which is pretty much a 9, and 9 is like a 10 so, Melon gives this a 10/10!! wow!!
No
According to Fantano, this album is as good as Lil Pump's classic Self Titled. ಥ‿ಥ
Now I know why YouTube is changing the dislike button
this review is the reason youtube got rid of dislikes
A 7/10? DAMN.
Alrighty then
We all know you have this a 7 because dislikes are off now and you can get away with it
you're kidding right
we all knew we were getting disappointed with this review
I've been waiting for this review for a while. Hopefully a 9!  edit: wtf
Fantano is going to be thankful that YouTube is turning off the dislike button for this video 😂
7?!?!?????????)???
W its overrated
Doodoo fart
I can already see the comments.
This. Bitch. Got me..
I'm surprised and glad he gave it a decent review
This is at least 2 points too low
repeating anderson paak does not have the best teeth in the game for 6 minutes does not count as a review, melon.
Another ten good job mr melon
dislike button
lameeeee
Common Fantano L
Blast off was fucking amazing. Wat
now i thought it would at least get an 8 💀
Fun Fact: this is the same score a Lil Pumps self titled album
no fucking 777?
Garbology review please
SEVEN?! GRAB YOUR TORCH & PITCHFORKS!!
That score literally gives me dome DAMN vibes tbh
He only gave it a 7 because of the song 777.
Melon you can’t scream “I left the Door Open Bruno Papi” for six minutes straight and call it an album review
I used to have a musical embargo against Bruno Mars. But thanks to this album it’s been lifted.
Rating is right on the money here. It was good, but underwhelming given what could have been.
This album was soo unbelievably beautiful. A celebration of soul, a celebration of music. This  is the first binge watch of me watching people hearing an album. It’s not even about the music anymore, I just want to see people share the same joy Silk Sonic brought me in the listening experience. Unbelievable classic album. 10/10  I’m also saying this un ironically. I have no idea what Soul music Fantano listens to but this is at least a 9/10 album
if this shit ain’t a 10 bro  update: what the fuck
Called it let’s go baby
aw :(
Wow a 7/10 wow Donda just says DAMN
Everyone been waiting for this.
if the album was longer it would be a 10 fossure
This man really gave silk sonic the same score as Lil Pump
This album is super groovy and it ain't for yall lowdown JIVE TURKEYS.. Can you dig it? SUCKA!
This is going to be a classic review for how bad it is
What
Don't let this distract you from the fact that Silk Sonic got a 7
Now lemme teach u how to review an album Anthony Fantano
You really rated it that low, this deserves at least a 4.
Clickbait. It has got to be. There is no way a 7/10 album is Silk Sonic. No way.
stop
You had one job, Melon.
A 7!!?!!???
10/10 review it again
7??? HOW? 9 at the lowest. 10/10 for me
Weak sauce. Blast Off in worst track?!?!
wait this isn’t a 10/10
Just hoping this album leads to a "bruno mars to Knxwledge pipeline"🤞🤞🤞
3/10 really anthony??
??????????????????????
Blast Off least fav track wtf ?
DAMN.
silkthony sonictano
Melon you can’t crank it to the “That’s What I Like” video for six minutes and call it a music review
Are you serious??
What hurts is that the review is only 6 minutes
Maybe if they made a hyper pop record you’d give it a 10
SAY SIKE RIGHT NOW-
"After Last Night" is the best track on the album yo.
This album proved that Soul is timeless when it’s in the hands of talented artists   Also you need to redux your album scores. I’m getting tired of people saying “ so is this album just as good as Lil Pump’s album?”
melon, i think we heard two different albums, this is easily at least a 9
time to harass a creator for not agreeing with me on the internet (my bedtime ritual)
HAD A FEELING
God damnit
Melon you can't give Silk Sonic a 3 just because you're a PacMan main and not a Sonic main 🙄
This is a ten you clown
Ah yes Chuck e Cheese, the very mention gets me in the mood
youtube waited to get rid of the dislike count simply so i could show my distaste for this score
Monke boi
My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined.
Y'all really thought he’s gonna give it a 10 lmao
When his score is so disappointing that he doesn't even credit the artists.
sooo based
Entering the "Damn" Pantheon: Silk Sonic
REALLY MELON? A 7 WTF?
What, a fucking 7/10!?! Fartano you dweeb.
7...7....7.....lets goooo :}
Interesting that the youtube dislike bar is gone just in time for this review...
Everyone knew this would be a seven
Aaaaaaand here’s yet another example of getting disappointed by the rating YET AGAIN  Edit: nvm I’m happy with a 10
Fair rating although I would give it an eight only because it is too short
Silk Sonic gotta a 7?? . . DAMN.
Between this and the donda thing, this is about to turn into a public execution
SEVEN??????? ARE YOU KIDDING
Fantano is going to take heat for this but I get it
wow seeing the reactions to the singles I thought it would be at least an strong 8 lol
it scares me to think that one day FANTANO is gonna retire from reviews and im gonna b forced to make up my own opinions on new music 😭
Waiting for this review was almost as bad as waiting for the album
7/10   *everyone disliked that*
Anthony, you cant just spend 6 minutes dramatically talking about how you wanna die.
Where is Yellothony Flantano?
I very, VERY, much disagree with your opinion on this but it is your opinion.
licking different silk fabrics is not what we asked for anthony
7/10 Is honestly dissapointing considering the reception that the singles got from you.
A 7? You fucking Melon!!!!!!!!!!!!! You're going to pay!
A 7???? How
i gave it a 9, i’m automatically more valid now.
Oh why you
do you even know how to make music reviews anymore, Anthony? you didn't even put the artist's name in the title 😮‍💨
"Blast off" in the least fav tracks??? smh melon.
Anthony, shouting "THIS BITCH" for six minutes straight isn't a very informative review.
I don't think Anthony likes music
deserves a 2/10
A STRONG 7 MELON HAS LOST HIS DAMN MIND
was expecting at least an 8 tbh, honestly thought it was gonna get a 9
Turn that 7 upside down and it's the L that Anthony just took giving this anything below an 8 😢
WHAT THE FUCK MELON BRAIN
you know an album’s good when people are rioting over a positive review lmao
you can’t give it a 4 just because you prefer your door closed melon 🤨
I'm so confused ._.
on the same level as lil pump. let that sink in.
REVIEW VALENTINE BY SNAIL MAIL MELON
suprisingly hes not wearing his signature yellow flannel
Anthony you can't just scream and cry "I don't know how to skate" for 6 minutes and call it a review
Blast Off is so good
This not getting a yellow flannel is the shock of the year
Never clicked on a review faster than I have for this one
Sorry fantano but i've already think this record is a 9/10
Melon should be the third member of this extraordinary group 🤩
Singing “Smoking out the window” to your wife for 10 minutes isn’t a review Anthony…
Who else called it
This is at least a 9 melon. AOTY material
Without dislikes how am I gonna be suposse to know of Anthony’s opinion is controversial or not ??
An evening with DAMN/10
im feeling a 10....
Really thought this was gonna be a strong beefy 9
You had one job, melon.
NOOOO WHY ISNT AFTER LAST NIGHT IN BEST 😭
he gave it a 3 skip the video
Sonic 3
Wtf
Melon, just because the title reminds yourself of your silk head, doesn’t give you the right to give it a 7.
This is the most positive 7 I have ever seen
Give it another year and that lil ol' opinion will change.
Is this replacing MBDTF???
Cmon melon you can't just add an extra 7 onto 777
Makes sense to give it a 7 after he loved all the singles
Seventhony out of tenthano
yooooo all those people that said “he had nothing but nice things to say, can’t wait for this album to get a 7” really got him figured out
ARE YOU FUCKING KIDDING ME A STRONG 7 LIGHT 8
777/10 haha funny melon
greatnesssss
Anthony review the new maxo kream
No melon blast off isnt the least fav here
anthony where the hell is your yellow flannel.
Should’ve been an 8 tbh
I figured he’d give this album a 7 lol
Good album
PARDON ME???
Well boys, time to finally start a revolution I think this is what we can use to light a fire under the asses of the people
Yeah I feel pretty much the same. It’s great, but it’s maybe the most “by the numbers” great album I’ve ever heard
no.
Damn, I'm early early
teeth blah blah blah
Yes
WHAT THE FUCKKKKK
Melon you have to stop mentioning Bruno mars ability to look like a lesbian
Haven’t watched but how in the FUCK is Blast Off your least favorite
dude blast off bangs. how is that the worst track?
Not mad about a 7, seems fair to me :)
YOOOOOOO WHAT A SEVEN!?!! Everyone finna go crazy over this 😳
A SEVEN???!???!!!l!??????!?! Wake up babe fantano made another shit take
10
Where’s the yellow flannel
“Another 10 to add to ad to Anthony’s collecti-“ *7*
knew that 7 was coming
BRUHHHHH
now i can finally listen to this album, thanks melon man!
no way
"Expect the yellow flannel" *So that was a fucking lie*
MELON HOW COULD U
“Expect a big fat yellow flannel”  7/10
Thanks Melon, now i can finally form my own opinion
hey melon, I love your shiny bald head
I bet these comments will be totally civil and nice
Just no dude
This is gonna be the new damn istg.
Only a 7 anthony? What?
Huh?
Ngl I thought you were gonna give it a 9. Good review tho!      Unsubscribed, prick
Tiny singing man and the little drummer boy
7??????????
You’ve gotta be kidding me
Didn’t get the hype. Fine 70s soul cosplay but whatev
I cant believe this is only a 7
ive been waiting for this since the day the album dropped oh my god
You forgot to put a 0 with that 7 to make it a 70/10
Silk Sonic Seven
I RESPECTFULLY DISAGREE!!!
No yellow flannel? I haven't even heard the album but I disagree
you played us all
what.
A 7 was so unexpected lolol
Donda better
You promised us a yellow flannel, melon man 😖
Been waiting for this. Mainly just to gush over this album some more. Its absolutely immaculate
Melon your such a tease... ok ok I’m gonna only hear the 8 part
Aint no way
Review Snail Mail
Come on Fantano 7/10 lol just trolling.
Absolutely incorrect opinion, Melon. My disappoint is immeasurable and my day is ruined.   Subscribing.
Blast off is not the worst track gtfo Anthony
The way he’s been gassing this album up along w all the singles, I thought it would get a 9 or 10 😭
how
don’t worry guys he meant to put a 9
Bruh changes his mind like he eats gabagool
👎
first
Too late fantano, it’s already a 10/10 for me
If this was Silk Knuckles you’d have given this shit a 10
HOW IS IT A DAMN 7
can't believe we just got our third ten of the year, this is like insane  edit: wait wh-
Ok honestly expecting a 10/10 but love you melon anyway
I really wait 3 days for you to give it a 7 man
I'd this doesn't get a 10 I'm gonna make a fantano wig
Yo i was expecting this for such a long time. also the first time im the first comment
First
It's DAMN all over again...
Yes these albums are filled with some of the best songs I’ve ever heard 7/10
Melon you cant just give the album a seven because you dont like the skin colour of Anderson Paak and Bruno Mars.
L
SEVEN???
disappointment of the century
This was quick
I can't believe he rated this a 0...
You’ve given a lot of tens this year, Anthony 😳
This is the best album of this year no cap
Racially motivated.
I agree it’s a 7????
HOW IS THIS ONLY A 7
Wow a 7!?!
just because there's a song called 777 on the album doesn't mean you had to give it a 7, anthony
album of the year everyone stfu it’s awesome
A 7??
7???
Same, tbh. I thought I was the only one who liked it, but didn't love it...
Wait this man really just this album a 7
A 7??????
hello Melon man
What
damn 7/10
THIS IS SUCH AN L HOLYYYY
7 😳 😮
A SEVEN? WHAT? WHAAAAT? Never been so disappointed with a seven
istg melon
L. This is aoty and it’s a 10/10
Only a 7? Damn I was actually expecting you to go with a light to decent 8 on this one, but respectable
Fantano, you can’t give it a 2 just because you don’t relate to the music :(
never clicked so fast.
Anything below a 9 is an L
a 7?
I give it an 8/10.
First comment finally! I been waiting for this!!!!
I’m hyped
too low delete this bald boy
He gave it a 1
A 7??? Wtf lol was expecting an 8
OOOOOOH THATS NOT WHAT I WAS EXPECTING
Racially motivated
5/10
this is more shocking than the mbdtf review honestly
Yb better
bro.
Never have I clicked so fast
Who else expected 8+
W Mellonhead
boy if this doesn't get a 10
MELON FINALLY
A 7…. Bruh moment
I just know people r gonna be mad at this
FFS melon
NO. BLOCKED. BLOCKED AND REPORTED.
Melon missed on this 😔
DAMN
these comments are gonna be ANGRY
FIANLYL
watch him give this a fucking 6
he gave it a 7
First
Ratio
Bruh
oh no…
It was real nice knowing you, Anthony
Nah
NOOOOOO THE 7 PREDICTERS WERE RIGHT SHIT
NO
Lol
man
my 2nd favorite bald guy
I can say with my full chest, you are wrong
The fuck you mean 7
Too low but at least he liked it
Another 10 wow!!!
What the fuck
No
baffled it’s not a 9
the 10-est 9 of the year, guaranteed.
A FUNKING 7?!?!?!????
FANDANGO WHY YOU DO THIS
This comment section is gonna be a warzone
No 10/10? This is a crime
Mans fucking hyped these singles up only to give it a fucking 7 lmao
ok wtf
Lmaoooo
First
Great new
Lmao a 7
most disappointing 7 of all time
damn, i guessed 8/10 but close enough
no fucking way this guy gave it a 7
review igor
BRUH
L
WHAT!!????
Strong 7
L score, melon
A 7????? WHAT?
Ratio
Wtf
beans
Sad
everybody has been waiting
If this ain’t a 10 ima riot
10/10 no other answer
No way this is only a 7
I’ve been waiting for this
No way
can’t wait for a light 6😐
YEZ FINALLY
A fucking 7
Radiohead
ANTHONY IM GONNA EAT YOU
The moment we've all been waiting for, melon don't let me down
This better be good Anthony
Uh oh
The review I’ve been waiting for
Wtf melon
Nope
HUH?
how did we know
Damn didn’t expect a 4/10
NO WAY ITS A 4
This should get you cancelled, I’m sure of it
MUSIC DADDY
Iv been waiting for this
That’s a yay from me
😁
Oh no.
W
wrong
How is this only a 7?!?
You’re wrong
WHAT????????
Never clicked so fast
Hmph.
BOOOOOOOOO
Sure dude
No
First
deserved 10
I've been waiting bald man
Hello melon
L opinion melon
Ok
Based melon
7??!!!!!!!!!????
Ok
L
First
First
Finally
Word
7??!?!?!!?!?
BOOOOOOO
No
You fell off
let me guess, a 6?
true
Mhm
3rd 10 this year!
Wow I’m actually the first comment
WHERES THE YELLA?
NOOOOOOOOOOO
No
It’s here
Yes
L
Nice
HERE IT IS
Agreed
finally
Yes
first
I have been waiting for this
First
WHAAAAAAT
