Glad you guys nailed the partey and saliba predictions.
you lied to us tifo
parteyyyyyy
Arsenal should approaching to buy aquar probably the best CAM for arsenal
Gabriel ✅ Partey ✅ Szobozlai ... loading Aouar ... loading
Here to watch the Partey Segment again 🥰 so happy he came
we did it boys
Who is here after arsenal signed partey
The time Tifo predicted Thomas Partey to Arsenal!
Hmmm Thomas Partey you say?  Apparently Arteta reads the Athletic...
5:48  One down, two to go😌
what a pick! u are 2 month ahead of the transfer Thomas Partey!!!
wow - we actually got two out of three, knowing that we also signed Aubs in a long term deal - this has been a good transfer window for us!
1. Raul & his agents were a hindrance.  2. The Athletic's pick is Thomas Partey.  That's sensible and Arsenal agreed.
Edu watching this on Transfer Deadline day. "The Athletic's pick is Thomas Partey" - Okay, let's pay that release fee!
Thank you Tifo Football, The Athletic and Joe Devine for guiding Arsenal to sign a Left Footed Centreback and Thomas Partey this Transfer Window!!! Really enjoy your analysis and excited to see  how these stats play out in the improved squad this season!
Arsenal made a sensible transfer!!
who’s here after Arsenal just signed Partey?
We've finally got a CM and CB, Thomas Partey and Gabriel Magalhaes. Maybe the clun watch your video
I've come back to re-watch this and build the hype now that we've signed Partey...
we got 2 out of 3 with Gabriel and Partey, if we got aouar as well it would have been a perfect window but i'm still happy with what we got.
Who’s here after arsenal signed partey
Think Arteta needs be watching these sensible transfers lol. We looking at spending 60million of Aouer and 45million on thomas partey. When have said before Pellegrini is a great player just never new he had 30 million euros buy out clause.
Off topic: Tifo always gets its music right!!!
Eduardo Camavinga Hossem Aouar Ruben Dias
Some decent players on this list Personally I'd pick Emi Buendia and Ibrahim Sangare
Red Bull gives you wings, Tifo Energy gives you knowledge.
Want to see tott spur Tifo
Arsenal did exactly what Tifo said. Fired Raul, Kia and their agents partially solving their problem. Good job!
Well it's Edu, most of transfer 99% would be Brazilian
Aouar would be a perfect fit imo but would probably be too expensive
They should let Ozil go, if he's never gonna start...
Pellegrini is awful
Fancy the DOF role at Arsenal?
Can we get a video about Atletico Madrid Sensible transfer?
For a top club like arsenal, we should be getting Partey and Aouar. If it was like Chelsea or city they probably would’ve bagged both of em by now
JUST PLAY OZIL!!!!!!!
Why use a 4-3-3 when clearly arsenal use 3-4-3?
The answer from 0:59 to 1:07 for Arsenal is Mesut Ozil. He's a good transfer target for that... Oh wait! They already have him and just effing don't use him and I don't know why.
First priority: A owner who cares about The Club
Another good duo of DM options for arsenal, instead of Sow and Basic, are Bennacer and Locatelli, they both have similar stats and are little bit younger. Althought that they would cost significantly more than Basic and Sow.
I believe buying Cebalos permanently and Pellegrini would better suite Arsenal's style of play. Ceballos is also good at ball progression and has good work rate.
Your effort is excellent as always!
can you do Liverpool pls
A Left footed center back came to mind for Arsenal is Zagadou from dortmund
This channel deserves more subscribers     really underrated
Sensible transfers for Arsenal: Half the ******* team.
sensible transfer for Bayern please
If anybody could let me know the instrumental used here I’d be really grateful!  I know it’s from Epidemic Sounds, but I can’t figure out what it is!
Someone get Mikel and Edu to watch this please! 😭😭
Everyone looks like a sexy option, until they actually play 1-2 years in the premier league. Just remember that. Stay safe. This is a fun piece, but players are humans too, and how they react to earning in a strong currency, life in England, the weather, style of the premier league, is something else. Stay safe everyone.
Arsenal needs an attacking midfielder... It's not like they already have one of the best in the world in Ozil
If only...
some of this players are not even linked with arsenal
Chris Smalling, Kalvin Phillips, keep Ozil
SENSIBLE TRANSFERS: ARSENAL DF: Gabriel Magalhães CDM: Thomas Parety CAM: Houssem Aouar END OF STORY!!!
I seriously love this YT channel @tifo
Do for Leeds next
amazingly, less than week. This video is well and truly outdated.
They need Partey for DM , Aouar as attacking mid-r , Gabriel from Lille for defense.
Make it for Juventus
Use or Release Ozil..
You want to make a 2 hour long video? Make one for Barca
Looks like we're signing Gabriel Magalhaes
Psg ??? Please
Sounds like the player Arsenal need is Mesut Ozil
But first they have to sell deadwood like ozil, elneny, sokratis, mkhitaryan etc
Tifo saw Raul's demise coming
We just got Willian for AM
There is Saying From Kobe Bryant "IF YOU FIND EASY WAY TO WIN A GAME UNIVERSE WILL FIND EASY WAY TO KNOCK YOU OUT " That's How Universe Work. To Any Form Of Success in Field, Success Works Same Way. For Years Barcelona Board Thought " Buying Big Money Players " Will Give Them Success. So They Bought Many Fancy Players From The Market Like Malcolm, Countinho, Dembele, Griezmann. Board Lack Vision , Direction and Project Plan Like Liverpool and Bayern Munich Have Nowadays.    This Is Where Barcelona, Man City, Arsenal Have To Find Themselves.There Must Be Proper Way Of Communication From Owners To Board Of Directors, Directors To Management and Management To Players.There Must Be Pure Form Of Universal Law, Not Greed.   The One Of The Main Reason For Barcelona's Downfall Is They Bought Many Good Players That They Actually Don't Want. It's Same For Arsenal. They Spend Money On Unnecessary Players and Gave Them Big Money Contract.   Meanwhile Liverpool Only Paying 40k Their World-class Players Trent and Robertson. 80k For Alisson. Their Highest Paid Players Are Salah and Mane 200k Which Is Also Less Than What They Brings to The Club. Fc Barcelona Paying One Of the Worst Player In Fc Barcelona History "Semedo" Something Like  200k .   Fc Barcelona, Arsenal, PSG , Man City All Trying To Find Easiest Ways To Win and Success. Meanwhile Clubs Like Liverpool, Bayern Munich, Take Whatever It takes To Success.
Pls make a As Roma video.. On this :)
To be honest, I don't agree with most of this video. At CAM, Arsenal need better numbers than the options suggested. Yes that's more expensive, but someone playing less than 3 final passes per 90 is not good enough to get back into the top 4. Defensively,  Arteta needs to find a player similar to Rodri or Busquets: a deep lying 6 that can win balls as well as distribute. Partey is a great player that I would love to have at Arsenal, but the squad needs a true 6. Defensively, Arsenal has had many problems with aggressive center backs (Mustafi, Sokrates, Paulista, etc.). The club needs someone who is the prime of his career that can also be a leader.   At CAM, I really like Martin Odegaard, but he is too expensive for what Kroenke and the board is allowing Arteta to spend. He makes a lot of key passes and attempted passes into the box and could really shine with good finishers like Laca and Auba. I think Ruben Neves is a good shout for CDM. He has been playing great at Wolves with his ball winning ability, great passing range, and long shooting ability. Again he is too expensive for what Arteta has been given though. Finally, at CB, RB Leipzig's Dayot Upamecano looks the real deal. He may be young, which is against what I said earlier, but anyone who can shut down Diego Costa is good enough for me. However, like all of these picks, he is too expensive.  Realistically, Arsenal should focus on getting a CAM. Lucas Torreira and Ainsley Maitland-Niles could play CDM while Pablo Mari and Rob Holding can play left CB. Emile Smith-Rowe seems like a real talent for CAM, but he is still not ready so someone like Coutinho, Dani Ceballos, or João Moutinho (Wolves) could be the club's best bet.
Andddddddddddddddd Raul's gone
mans just pulled out random names, never heard of any of these dudes except partey and pellegrini
So your CB suggestion is 20yo Ndicko, who has potential but currently not great numbers. Next to a teenage Saliba... That doesn't seem very sensible.
You say Saliba needs someone more experienced to guide him and then your pick is a 20yr old. Nonsense
Bringing young players from league un is risky man
High quality video!
Can you do Atleti??
Sensible Transfers for Arsenal CB: Gabriel CDM: Partey/Sangare CAM: Szoboszlai
RIP Raul
3 days later and Raul is gone.
Torreira out of favour? No he just came back from a season ending injury, and you just said outright Pepe cost too much and say nothing else about it. If this is the kind of insight of the athletic you can forget about me ever buying a sub
Raul sacked lmao
Is "playmake" an actual word? *sigh
Please do Liverpool next
Lack of creativity and key passes? But whatever we do lets not use Özil lol, one of the best asissters and highly capable passer of the last decade
Do a sensible Transfers for Leeds please...
WHY NOT DO A VIDEO ON MANCHESTER UNITED ?
wait i don’t understand, is it a good thing to underperform your xG?
I dont think Arsenal need all round midfielders. Xhaka and Ceballos' stats since the restart have been phenomenal. Although Thomas Partey is going to be a great signing
and they bought Willian in the end
This video is completely wrong... arsenal already had moves in play for next season... they literally stole saliba on a transfer deal bc all he had to do is stay 1 yrs with his team.... KT was bought injured... pablo mari also not mentioned got injured on his first game... my point is that with arteta now at the wheel the team looks a lot more solid and versatile
Do Everton or spurs. They’re interesting
First go and buy skriniar for 45 mil instead of fucking about with potentially good players.
Lucas Toreira is a good DMF they must not let him go...
Can you do one on BvB specially their CB options
Cb : magalhaes Dm : partey Mf : grealish
Just play Ozil in a False 9 Auba/Pepe feed off Ozil Swap Laca for Partey
I'd be interested to see how tifo would make of a football league team 🤔
Tifo missed one transfer criteria: Arsenal is only interested in free transfers
Don't think Partey would be a good signing as he's already 27 and that sort of money could be better used elsewhere
Lewis Dunk. That guy is a really good defender who can be world class at a big team. Gabriel and Upamecano don't make sense as they aren't prem proven and cost too much. Partey, obviously. And Coutinho. That would be a good window for arsenal.
I literally love tifo, the way they present the videos is above the rest 👌🏻
William, party and stones would be ace. I think holding and saliba would make sense at value. Coutinho is still ace and knows prem. Holding is brave, mentally strong, good in the air and knows the league. Defence midfield is number one priority. Must stop leaking and break up play before it gets to defence.
Why not just bring ozil back into the team? He's a number 10 and can help unlock defences. Played well under arteta. Very weird
If Arsenal watched Tifo Football😫
and .... they sign William. Very very sensible.
I REALLY hope Sanllehi watches Tifo Football
isn't Ozil one of the best in unlocking defenses?
He might be expensive but houssem aouar would be a great signing
@Arsenal y’all watch this?? Smart stuff
“Attacking midfielders who will play progressive passes in the final third” So Ozil if he’d move his legs?
I think you guys are missing some variables in your analysis, how did Weston McKenny not make any of your recommendations ?  I love these series, thanks very much for putting the effort.  As a fan I would take these 3 to Arsenal this season:  - Dunk (alternative Dawson) -> seasoned premier league defender while being at the core of a team with similar philosophy - McKenny and Ward-Prowse to replace Guendouzi and Ceballos which would be upgrading these 2
Unfortunately arsenal are not a sensible club and will sign more useless players like Willian
And we are so close to announcing Willian. Despite the success we've had under Arteta, I'm not confident at all. We cant be going out and buying Chelsea pensioners when everyone knows we need a CB, DM and AM. If Raul and Edu don't make the obvious decisions then its looking bad.
Hi Tifo Football I want to see a sensible transfer on Chelsea. Should they splash on for Havertz? Or get the cash for Reguilon, Rice and Dean Henderson in LB, CB and GK respectively? Or is it someone else you guys would suggest? Looking forward to a Chelsea sensible transfer soon :)
Please do one Sensible Transfers for Spurs, if there's a team that needs players its them.
If anyone wants, they can watch my seven videos. One of them is a guest appearance on national television. It talks about my qualities and how I deal with the problem of being smaller and youngest on the field as well as receiving growth hormone, and how I have been coaching football since the age of four and playing with children older than myself and that I am doing great (on Serbian language). Training during quarantine in the yard, training in the club and a video from the game made from photos. If anyone wants, they can also send likes of my videos. One video was taken from a series of photos before and during the match. Thank you I hope there are not many mistakes because I write via google translation :) ....
Do spurs please
Has a club ever actually ended up buying a player named in a sensible transfers video?  Who has the time to do that research?!?? 😂
Fantastic video
thank you for always including subtitles.
*Arsenal Transfer Window* Gabriel from Lille = 35 million max  Max Aarons for Bellerin  If Kolasinac leaves get a back up LB Roca from Espanyol less then 35 m Aourar from Lyon 50 million  Sell Laccazete or Aubameyang  Willian for free All of that around = 140 million   Selling deadwood they have 55 million + Laccazete for 40 million = 95 million & add 50 million budget to that = around 140 million. Easy and smart transfer business can be done this coming window.
Schar, mcginn and de Paul from serie a would be great signings and they would add experience
Do Leeds
The Arsenal executive team watching this video right now in their swimming pool of money "I told you we didn't need scouts, they give this stuff out free on YouTube"
Robbie from AFTV as your Director of Football 🤣
Sensible transfers at Arsenal? Sir, we dont do sensible transfers, here.
Sensible transfer : GET RAMSEY BACK !
Doubt Arsenal gonna get partey without selling a key player.
Investing in a player from Serie A isn't too "sensible" IMO
Real Madrid
What about Mari? Arsenal currently has 8 senior CD yet Tifo wants the Arsenal board to buy another one.  Arsenal needs to focus on offloading the following Mustafi, Rob Holding, Calum Chamber, Sead Kolašinac and Sokratis Papastathopoulos
Well, it’s nice that Arsenal see the need for central link-up play too and have decided to chase Willian to the ends of the earth to bridge that gap 🙄
GooD Ebening
Tifo ? Why you not make what gonna happen to arsenal if they got their target player based on transfer news ? Is it gonna be good if they good their target player or ?
Can you do a sensible transfer for all the other big 6 teams?
I think lorenzo Pellegrini would be a amazing edition but I dont really agree with the centerback and defensive midfield suggestioms
This guy should get a job doing the voice overs for safety manuals on planes!!!! 😅 "exit doors located to left and right front and back of the aircraft" 😆
We won't get Partey. Atletico want too much money compared to what we can offer right now as a team out of Champions League for 3 seasons.
frankfurt & ajax are teams where they convert the stone into art
Stan K: Sorry we can’t afford a war chest for the summer transfer window here’s 30 million *buys 5 billion dollar Rams stadium*
Do a sensible transfers on Leeds United
This video is trending #15 in United Kingdom
Please someone send this video to arteta
Warning; Here is how it will play out   1. If J*sus comes back to take his church and found you not saved (not believing at him as the savior through believing he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and that he risen again on the third day and alive in heaven now) you will be left behind and there will be great tribulation you will suffer on earth and that will be G-d's judgement.  The only way to be saved at tribulation after left behind by J-sus when majority of Christians have disappeared is to not take the mark of the beast on your forehead or right hand and you will be killed or starve to death.  2. Death always occur you can die at any time and the huge issue is if you die before J-sus returns and you were not believing at him as the savior( that is not believing at J-sus that he was crucified and he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and risen again on the third) your soul will go straight to Hell for eternity, at Hell you will burn but not consumed.  Believing at J-sus does not involve worship of other gods(church leader&ancestors), object(hand bands,car stickers,trees e.t.c) Muhammad,buddha e.t.c. It's only believing at J-sus as the perfect sacrifice for your sins. It's your choice but know that rejecting J-sus will send you the wrong direction.  No works can save you, there is no  physical thing you can do to get saved but you are only saved through faith at what J-sus did for you as simple as that.  Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Believe and confess with your mouth that J-sus Christ was crucified and he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and was buried but risen again on the third day and alive in heaven now.   After believing at Christ as the savior you must change your ways and try to stay away from bad works or sins as hard as possible, you must show that you are a new individual in Christ. e.g stopping fornication, getting drunk, homosexual acts, masturbation, pornography e.t.c.  As a human you will still fall at some sins of course as no human is perfect, but you must not swim in sin you must try your best to fight against sins and live a righteous life.  Also grow in the word; I suggest the following YouTube channels; Real bible believers, Robert Breaker and Pastor J.D Farag..
I remember Arsenal playing against CSKA a few years ago and Golovin really stood out. I hope we get him or someone similar
Anyone else remember TIFO before it’s was just reading stats out each video?
If we don’t get partey it’s been a bad transfer window, no matter what
Just Subscribed to the Athletic.. Thanks guys for the Discounted price! Here enjoying the content from Dubai!
Gabriel Magalhaes Partey Willian Ceballos staying and possibly Coutinho I’ll be a happy bunny
Sensible Transfers for Spurs, Wolves, Leeds + Leicester
signed Jordan Torunarigha in my Arsenal career mode and hes been perfect
You guys should do a Brief History Of: Ronaldinho. That'd be sickk.
Amazing video, Tifo Football.
We need a winger too
Do one on leeds too plz
I'd go for a more experienced cb next to saliba , ndicka needs a year or 2 imo before making leap to a potential top 6 side in PL.
Well-rounded midfielder who can contribute in defense, attack, and linking play... anyone have Ramsey's number?
Can you do Crystal Palace??
So ... we are going to buy a left sided winger, solves all the issues 😂
Pellegrini is literally going nowhere. He’s not available. He wants to be at Roma for his entire career.
why  did arsenal fire their scouts though?🤔
Can u do wolves please so Nuno can see 🐺please tifo
Please do Chelsea and Liverpool
Liverpool please.
Would have said Rodrigo De Paul, Weston McKennie and Edmond Tapsoba
Do Real Madrid
I wish that someone at Arsenal would actually sit down and watch your video. I love football and data and I consider myself someone who's good at seeing quality and you guys are good at this transfer business. What's more startling is that I actually had some of the players in mind for us that you mentioned. However, I would like why you guys didn't take Gabriel from Lille as a good partner for Salina?
Please do Juventus, very curious about pirlo playing style
You suggest the players, I scout them on football manager
A buy out clause with two installments, sounds like the type of deal that Arsenal exactly need
I cant wait for Sensible transfers: Chelsea,  I've read the article but it's not as sweet as the video
Let's have the sensible transfers for my team, Inverness Caledonian Thistle. The budget is £2.43 plus 14,325 Nectar points. Go.
I like how the video suggests the players from stats but started with saying arsenal don't use stats anymore.
Can Pellegrino play as an 8?
To the 1 person that'll read this: you're nice and adorable stay safe.
2:34 Arsenal already have a pretty good CAM. the problem is they seem to want a player that adds defensively as well.
We could get Pellegrini for two €15 mill instalments. YOU WHAT
“Sensible transfers” 😂  you mean tight bastards
these defensive options they mentioned above, i would love to see at ManUtd. give OGS more choice and depth for when the current backline decide not to show up on match day
Go to my channel and see the most liked youtube video
Go to my channel and see the most liked youtube video
Go to my channel and see the most liked youtube video
Go to my channel and see the most liked youtube video
Do southamton ps am not southamton fan
Make real madrid next
Do liverpool next I know that there's still some that they're missing but I really can't figure out what
How has nobody gone for Pellegrini at 30m? There's so many of these cheap release clauses that teams always seem to let pass by.
Central Midfielder  Defense, Transitions, Attack comfortable playing in 2-man midfield, athletic, brings physicality Oxalade Chamberlain and Aaron Ramsey come to mind.  Arsenal, you have done well.
Come watch our latest video ‘last to fall asleep’ you’ll all love it ❤️
Gabriel from lille partey and coutinho all will make a sudden impact
No way Parley is worth the 100k atletico is asking for
I want to see juve
4:27 a midfielder who can contribute in defense, transitions, attack.... comfortable playing in a 2 man midfield, brings athleticism and physicality = AARON RAMSEY
Would like to see a sensible transfers on Norwich as they prepare for a season back in the championship and face losing key players such a Cantwell and Aarons.
No one mentioned Pau Torres
one day im going to actually get a subscription to the athletic.
Please do spurs
Who are these players lol ? We’re Arsenal cmon
Can you conclude the videos with “Here’s how Arsenal could lineup next season”? I really like that.
seriously below bar recommendations in the middle.
Xhaka cant play a forward pass to save his life.. Ceballos starting next to him showed that and made his look a better player. No team will win major silverware with Xhaka.
'pepe cost to much' .. not if you break down the payment scheme or the fact he is yet to show his worth.
Arteta is being fucked by the board,, this new system of sporting director & agents dictating transfers never used to exist.
darn honestly zaniolo wouldve been ideal :/
Conclusion: make arteta play
Sensible transfers: the cabinet
I'd ask you to do Southampton but I don't think you'd be able to top Ralphs
This is an informative, yet silly video - we don't do sensible
Do tottenham next please
My arsenal dream team next season: Gk: Martinez Defense: Bellerin, Saliba, Gabriel, Tierney Midfield: Xhaka, Partey, Aouar Attack: Pepe, Auba, Willian
You mention in a video a while back, correctly, that no of tackles shouldnt be used as a way to judge a players defensive ability yet you do exactly that in the video? And also xG and xA doesn't just mean a player is underperforming, it can mean that they are worse at passing/finishing than the average player.
>Arsenal >Sensible Transfers
Arsenal signings I can confirm -Willian -Partey -Gabriel -possibly Aouar
can we get a new everton one its looking promising
Good ebening. Where is Unai?
Tifo has struck again. 👏 👏.. I really hope top management staff can give a good hard look at it and at least try to implement it.
Not an Arsenal fan, but I think Eze from QPR would be a smart option and not too expensive.
left footed center backs for arsenal. tifo: our pick is Evan Ndicka.       Malang Sarr has left the chat
Juventus please.
Midfielder er Ramsey, as for using agents instead of analytics, surely after analytics come agents whatever.
Arsenal and Sensible Transfers... Hmmm.... Nice joke I must say.
As Manchester United Failed to get their hands on Sancho, I think Updating Manchester United's Sensible transfers are in order.  What positions should they focus on, How to approach player signings and who to sign?
Partey would be a great signing. The talk has gone quiet lately but hopefully Arsenal are waiting until they have the money from sales and until Atletico Madrid finish in the Champions League.
do liverpool
But Arteta has got Mesut Ozil for passes that can break through defences. Why is he not utilising him then?
do chelsea next
I like how Tifo uses statistics like key passes when Arsenal's transfer business is based on Raul's mates.
Grealish is perfect for arsenal
Please do Villa! Interesting to see what you think they should do to start fighting in the prem!
I always use these videos for transfers in FIFA
Why is Partey literally the only option in this video that Arsenal have been linked to? No mention of Coutinho, Magalhaes, Willian (who is pretty much done deal by now), Aouar, or Szoboszlai? That's saying something......
Ndicka over Gabriel Magalhaes?
Party would be ideal but atletico are a very stubborn club they won't negotiate for a penny less and want all money upfront that's where problem starts for arsenal
Jonathan Tah would be a good centre back for Arsenal altho at a much higher price. Ibrahim Konate too, again at a higher price. Dayot Upamecano is definitely gonna be super pricey but a good option
can you do sensible transfer for manchester united
Do a video about man u sensible transfers
hmm...I am a Roma fan, but many of my peers are not happy about Lorenzo...I think players that we really want to hang onto are Diawara, Zaniolo, Ibanez, Veretout, and Mancini.
What about Marco Roca at Cdm
David Luiz is anything but a centre back , Arteta should just play him as a defensive midfielder and his midfield problems are solved
Liverpool want ndick I’m sure even as a forth choice with a clear chance of development into a starting player he’d rather go to Liverpool than arsenal
Diaz from Benfica?
Would be a good video idea to have a look at the situation at Charlton Athletic. As a fan, it’s an absolute nightmare... would be interesting to see your views on it
Please do one for Chelsea, highlighting the need of Leftback and centerbacks as Lampard seems to be so relaxed on our defenders
IMO, You cover arsenal a little bit too often while the club is boring. Arteta is the only exciting subject.
I would sign no of these guy's if I were playing fm20 expect for Partey.
Beats me that Arsenal aren't looking at someone like Abdoulaye Docourie.
AC Milan! Help them back to glory! 🙏🙏
Enjoyed watching this. Arsenal's just a 🤬 mess if you ask me.   I've heard rumours of Lacazette for Douglas Costa + cash. If they threw in Rabiot instead of the cash I'd do it. At least that increases options in wide areas, allow Aubameyang to play CF & a more credible partner for Partey (if it even happens).
Could you do one on rangers?
It doesn't take stat dna or whatever to find a quality player everyone knows and hears about young potential players arsenal only lack when it comes to spending.
Too bad none of them are clients of Raul's favourite agents, or not Brazillian so Edu won't be interested either.
Arteta learned how to ride an ferrari from pepe when he passed was given an run out Nissan micra
So Arsenal are due for a Partey Party then? 🤔
Thomas Partey the 1st Ghanaian to make it in tifos list 🇬🇭🇬🇭
Wober was so shit at ajax
Dear tifo, would it be an idea to put all the player names from the selection onto the pitch (including reserves)? There's no way I can remember entire selections including subs, this would create a much better overview of the current situation.
Arsenal lack funds though thanks to the owner. Might need to offlod luiz and maybe sokratis to fund a new cb.
Arturo Vidal, Philippe Coutinho and Jules Koundé
Who's going to forward this video to Raul?
Get Szoboszlai from RB Salzburg!
Great video as always! but just to point out, n'dicka has been playing in a back 3 for the most part of his senior career, which is a drawback. defenders like Mustafi and Otamendi, who performed well under Nuno at Valencia, have failed to live up to expectations. Their quality, however, has been there, but just inconsistent. However, it's hard to judge so early on. I guess players need to be integrated into a particular system before being judged. His potential however, is unquestionable.
Thiago Silva? For free?
Arsenal should buy Houssem Aouar as their CAM
I know you guys did a Chelsea edition months ago, but any chance of doing an updated version after signing Werner and Ziyech?
Spurs time please
I’m not sure I understand how underperforming xG is a positive thing, as it is portrayed with multiple players in this video?
i love you guys
watching this guy at 1.25X playback is much better ... just throwing that one out there ...
what about Fabian from Napoli? He's a ball playing midfielder, who's also tall (6'2) and good at shooting from outside the box.
Why does it sound like they record in a library
finish 8th - win a trophy. finsh sixth - win nothing. get with the programmes spurs.
I wish people in charge of transfers at Arsenal would watch this video instead of signing terrible players like Willian...
Partey, Gabriel, Aouar and Ceballos (Loan). If we sell 3 cbs we bring in another Diego Carlos. Lacazette goes we bring another winger as well as Willian. We’ve been linked with all and if we want a player we will get them. Nobody knows our budget so they’re all attainable. Tifo linked us with young players that will take time to develop, we have too many of those. Instant impact signings needed.  I’d take Pellegrini but Aouar is better.
Great video. Would it be possible to do a "What does the England football team need?" video?
Sensible transfers Chelsea
Finding a way of getting rid of Ozil could be considered a sensible transfer as well.
It's funny before I even reached half of the video I kept thinking about NDIKA. I have no Idea why.
What about James Rodríguez for the attacking line?
When will you do Aston Villa :) love these videos
Gabriel From Lille and Ibrahim sangare would be a good signing.
Literally the 1% people who’s reading... I strongly hope your parents live longer than 100 years with awesome health thanks for reading.
CAM: Buendía CDM: Sangaré CB: Upamacano
Arsenal needs to lend Nketiah, Willock and Nelsson.
Please someone send this video to Arteta
Please make on Liverpool FC✌
Arsenal should get Ruse
Nice to see the yearly Arsenal sensitive transfers video
I wonder these options would be a good shout for fifa career mode or even football manager?😛
Tifo : *sensible arsenal transfers* Arsenal : I'm gonna pretend, I didn't see that.
Thanks for saving my Arsenal FM save.
The best transfer Arsenal ever did was selling RVP to United! 💥
Sensible transfer for arsenal: fire current scouts and hire tifo football scouts
Maybe it's too long ago now and therefore no longer relevant - however I remember David Luiz played as a CDM-like role back in Chelsea for a few games and showed promise. His errors may be less impactful in this role and could utilise his more progressive mindset to play the ball forward.
6 and 8 are outdated terms 😂
Arsenal bids everyone at the start of every transfer windows but end up signing ageing free transfer players.
guys they said Djibril Sow lets goooo  Edit: AND N'Dicka
Guendozi is facing disciplinary issues and HE IS COMPLETE SHIT.
Surely the cheapest player out there for Arsenal who is good at creative forward passing is a bloke called Mesut Oezil...
What about Malang Sarr for a CB
Can you please do a tactical profile on either Luis Suarez or Robert Levandowski.
Please don’t share this video to Mikel Arteta..😬
Do a Sensible transfers for Galatasaray please
Tifo breaks down football like it’s the nba your doing amazing tifo👌🏿
Arsenal should go for Coutinho, Aouar, Buendia, Grealish. Those would be my choices. Coutinho is looking the most likely and I’m happy with that. We need a CB, DM/CM, AM and LW.
This should be an hour long podcast
Sensible and arsenal shouldn't be in the same sentence the board is clueless. Watch us go and buy a new striker and left back.
SEND THIS TO MIKEL ARTETA
Any actual evidence for the claim that we largely use agents rather than analytics now? Is it not possible to use both?
Arsenal can't buy another centre-back until they sell one of Luiz, Holding, Papa, Chambers, Mustafi....Who'll buy any of them though
Partey and Pellegrini would definitely be good signings for Arsenal. I don't know the mentioned defenders, but I feel Pablo Marí has a lot of potential and could be the answer for the left side of the defence.
Someone email this video to Edu
A lot of people dont know that arsenal are not in debt anymore. The 350m reserves they had was spent on to finish paying off the stadium. Arsenal are free to spend. And if you are wondering why they removed 55 staff member is cause they are not needed anymore, not because of money.
Love these vids
we need this guy in our transfer team because all arsenal do is just buy chelsea rejects
SO WHAT ABOUT COUTHINO
Sensible Transfers: Bayern?
Nice video, banging music!
Do one on man united
They do have a guy who can unlock defences when played in his favoured position. His name is Ozil.
Geundozi, Torreira, AMN, holding, chambers, kolasinac, sokratis, lacazette. These guys should all be cashed in on. Maybe consider keeping torriera and AMN but if a combined fee of 50 million is available take it. For lacazette anything above 40 million should be considered IMO. Get another CB to support Saliba, Partey, and pellegreini.
evan was a dm at auxerre
Arsenal doesn’t need young, promising players, we have enough of those. We need experienced players in their prime, like Partey
No players who pass in the final third, no players who pass into the penalty area, no progressive passes? Seems like an Ozil sized hole to me.
when you will do manchester united transfers??
what a bunch of shit suggestion bar partey
I’m sure Arteta’s DMs are gona be filled with the link to this video 💯
Do Tottenham please
"Arsenal needs an attacking midfielder to break deep lying defences" Well seems like Özil is no more, such a waste of great talent
Where do Tifo get their stats from?
Why would partey leave atlético Madrid, a champions league team currently that just knocked out Liverpool, and move to arsenal 9th in the league. He doesn't seem like a player willing to play euro league. Except that great video as usual.
I'm confused, is underperforming your XG considered a positive? I would have thought that scoring less than you probably should is a negative. Angelo Fulgini at 3:08 and and Lorenzo Pellegrini at 3:43 both underperformed their XG and it's painted as a good thing. Underperforming expected assists I can understand, because the assister can't control whether the final shot is good or not.
Sensible Transfers - Celtic
should do one for chelsea
They can have Wes Morgan
Sensible transfers : Liverpool
Why do these videos make me want to start a new FM20 save?! 😃👏🏽
pls do sensible Transfers Juventus
Pellegrini would be a flop. There was not an Italy-schooled player who succeeded in England since Paolo Di Canio.
A sensible transfers without Ibrahima Sangare? What is going on???
Love all your content ! I always thought Dennis Zakaria and Edmond Tapsoba would be great additions to Arsenal
Apart from Partey and pellegrini other players mentioned here not good enough for Arsenal....you can keep transfer suggestions to yourself..
Thomas Partey is criminally underrated
They're in transition since 2006
Please do juve
@Arsenal @Arsenal @Arsenal @Arsenal
Wonder what AFC fans feel about the possibility of Ramsey coming back?
Juventus, please 🙏
You're saying that Arsenal DON'T need another half decent winger for x2 his value?  Get outta here! Stan is gonna whip out 60 mil for old Tommy Lemar. COYG!
I'm sorry, David Luiz needs a more reliable partner? Sure, sure he does... a very reliable one x)
What if these videos are made by pep trying to educate people
Do Bayern Munich
These videos are why Arsenal could sack their scouting staff. You should be ashamed of yourselves, you bloody scabs.
Arsenal videos from Tito give me such a hard on
7:30 me screaming because as manager of Arsenal my first and arguabably best signing was Evan N'Dicka ❤️❤️❤️
Can’t wat for none of these players to be signed at all
Please do sensible transfers of Chelsea as well as the club is fully focusing on rebuild this season.
Tifo have the best video production quality of any football channel by a long shot.
Coutinho + Partey thats what Arsenal currently in need and they will qualify for Champions League Football next season under M.ARTETA
everyone’s talking about Gabriel from Lille, but why not Malang Sarr, he’s a left footed left sided 21 year old 6ft CB, who can play on the left of a back three and is currently a free agent right now
' or any of arsenals other CB's'
do juve
it seems to me that arteta wants to play a 4-3-3 or 4231. so the part about ndicka playing on the left of a 3 doesnt make sense. if forced to play in a 3, arteta wants the left sided CB to be able to play as a lfb when they have the ball.  otherwise,  good stuff. although I think Willian is coming to play the 10. he can't just be depth...
Sensible transfers man u
Can you do Manchester United next please 🙏🏿
please can you do sensible transfers gor fulham so the font go down again next season?
Great work.. But I have a question.. Why can't ceballos do the passer midfielder role?
Ah very well done. If only Kroenke spends.... All are really viable transfer options for Arsenal to be honest.
Lol the gooners need real funds for a serious rebuild
Great player but Arsenal can't afford Partey's release clause of 50M
Think as a club we should forget Partey. I'm hearing his wage bill is going to be excessively high. I'm also not happy about the players we seem to want to sell. We had like 7 CBs we should sell like 2 or 3 of those
Why does arsenal need a scouting team when they’ve got SMALDINI!
No mention of Martinelli under recent transfer business? 10 goals in 26 appearances at 18 in your first season with a premier league club, that’s pretty impressive, not a bad piece of business for £6m, and definitely worth a mention!
I'm an Eintracht Frankfurt fan and  I struggle to take this serious after suggesting Djibril Sow for an Arsenal transfer. I've watched all our games in this season and judging from his performances this season he would struggle to make it in the teams of Watford and Bournemouth... Evan N'Dicka on the other hand is pure class. Considering how young he is, he could become world class in the future.
Why're we looking at Coutiniho and Willian
Excited to watch Chelsea's sensible transfer since they look super active in transfer window linking with many huge players.
My window and I'll even give them Willian because he's on a free Sign Willian 0 Ceballos 25 mil Gabriel 25 Mil Partey 45 mil sell Bellerin 30 mil Guendouzi 30 mol  Chambers 12 mil Holding 8 mil Sokratis 5mil Nketiah 10 mil Thats spending 95 selling 95 plus 30 difference with what we make in the Europa League for wages...these idiots are going to sell Lacazette and Maitland-Niles and let Ceballos slip through their fingers but we are supposed to "get excited" over Cedric and Willian....blah.
sometimes tifo should also pay attention to social factors, like pellegrini is italian born and speaking and arsenal has no italian players/ speaking players hence adjustment might be difficult. Fulgini is better as french is widely spoken in the arsenal dressing room. this is the same reason emery failed, cultural differences
How do I send this to Arteta ?
Love you Tifo, superb job,i too hate agent approach!Well done, anything new on Arsenal?
Do Juventus and real Madrid also
Partey would be too expensive I am afraid... Great player though.
Liverpool depend on analytics. Arsenal depend on agents. Is anyone really surprised? And these transfers are far too sensible for a confused club like Arsenal who just seem to buy players out of favours for mates who are agents rather than the good of the team. So none of these transfers will happen, basically.
Wober wasn’t good enough to start for Ajax, so being good enough to start in the Premier League seems like a big stretch...
We need to unlock defenses better so we aren't signing the one creative central midfielder we have in Ceballos who had a massive season and only costs 25 million pounds...I really don't understand what these guys are doing...talking about selling Laca and Maitland-Niles signing 56 year old Willian and letting Ceballos slip away all sounds like a fantastic way to solidify our hold on 8th place.  Ugh.
Do Liverpool next
I wish someone from Arsenal's board can watch this
Great, Insightful video as always, and the backing track is an absolute banger
I know he's not been the same the past two or three seasons but Arsenal have Ozil, who has the ability to play that 8 or 10 role. It's just whether he can consistently do that and get back in the team
"ARsenal large use agents not analytic", "arsenal have stalled since statDNA" .... people praise this channel for what exactly? None of it is true. Compare last window and transfers from this window to StatDNA of Xhaka, Mustafi years. Also Pellegrini is known in more up to date transfer mediums for more than year, you are bit late on that one but people will eat it up because fancy graphics.
Was not expecting Arsenal😂😂😂. However it is pretty easy to find problems with them
Boris Johnson Abandoned His Wife Who Was Suffering Cancer To Go Off With Someone Young Enough To Be His Daughter - That Is Our Leader 😟
Gabriel Magalhaes?
Do one for AC Milan please please pleasee
what about Szoboszlai?
it's good analysis but i don't agree about the center-back. I'd rather choose john stones
Only 3? Next 8 in part 2 of this series?
Binod
Do Chelsea plsssss
Sensible transfers Manchester City next please
What about ianis hagi for the number 10, he impressed this season for rangers and wouldn't cost that much because he plays for a Belgian club.
Lololololol, if arsenal spends the amount predicted here, I would just salivate
Do Middlesbrough how to get them back into the prem
Tifo prolly most factual based channel
Arsenal's transfer board have been waiting for them to make this video to buy players
its all good linking up to unknown players, but i trust Artetas choice in targets. unlike Uai he wont be bullied into taking a player he doest want
Ozil-like you could say
screw agents or scout ...just pay the athletic subsrcibe fee😂😂😂
What about Malang sarr for cb long term? from nice I think his contract is running out soon
you said Ndombele may solve Tottenham, that didn't age well.
Arsenal need a left winger that can help with recycling possession good video but you missed that out too, yes creativity is our biggest problem but we need a proper left winger shifting Auba out to the left just doesn’t help
Sensible transfers : Juventus, should be considered due to the recent changes.
I remember Torreira was highly regarded back in his 1st season at Arsenal. What went wrong?
Make a video on the West Brom sensible transfers article you guys did! It was such an insightful article, deserves to be featured on the channel!
Anything thing thats bettr than David luiz is a sensible transfer
We need a Bruno Fernandes period!
Millwall sensible transfers
Social Media and this kind of detailed analysis which is just a tip of the iceberg of what can be achieved is the reason SCOUTS have been losing their jobs and will continue to lose their jobs.. just like ice farmers lost their jobs to the machine...
Why doesn’t this guy work for clubs to help them get better players
As up Dominik Szoboszlai would bolst up there AM with his vision and savyness + set pieces.
How can you just say "Pépé cost too much" where the market was heavily inflated before COVID along with him having to learn and play in 3 different systems all whilst still being his first season in England? That take was a little harsh with no foundation to really stand on.
I​ prefer Hinterigger CB.from Frankfurt.
fuming that arsenal are on the look out for a ball progressing 8 while Ramsey is at Juve and Guendouzi is being offered out to other clubs
I would love to work with you guys if i was older
For a left sided center back i would absolutely love Martin Hinteregger. He's commanding and is experienced enough to help Saliba out whilst still being young
It arsenal want to make a team that can dominate possession and break down low blocks they should build a team around ozil.  No one has better vision than him on his day, and he could be brilliant and breaking teams down
Glad to see tifo not downplaying arsenal's budget like last year. On the bright side though party is this year's target, Gabriel is a great addition to the defence and aouar is one of the best attacking midfielders in Europe, if we can punch that high in price i think a top 4 place is going to be secured
These videos are really well made
Just let play Özil as attacking 8 or 10.
Sensible transfers that actually solve our on-field issues?  Kia FC: "No no no, we don't do that here."
Tifo Football is a fantastic channel, but maybe to attract a wider audience internationally, maybe next to using imperial measurements you can introduce metric measurements next to it? That can be easier for people outside the UK or the US to envision it. To conclude, an awesome channel!
Arsenal need to sign binod
Pellegrini would be a great signing for us!
I'd stay away from any player called 'basic'
Get Zaniolo if you going for anyone from Roma that kid is incredible.
I may be overestimating Arsenal but surely we can go for the likes of Coutinho and Partey rather than these players
Can u plz make one for real madrid..
leno - tierney, ndicka, saliba, bellerin - pellegrini, xhaka, thomas - saka, aubameyang, pepe
@arsenal
I believe that Sporting CP's Wendel would be a great fit in the Arsenal mid.
For a double pivot central midfielder, it's thiago or nothing
Do Man Utd
could also make one about national teams example the positions that argentina is weak at or england
What about RAMBO returning?
Other than Lorenzo pellegrini all other options are absurd and waste. They wouldn't improve arsenal as they play in lower leagues
Can you do one for Roma? We have just been bought and the chairman promised 180M in the transfer window and we are heavily linked with pochettino. Great vid
Lmao we struggle to break down teams that sit back yet have one of the greatest defence unlockers of all time in Mesut Özil
This is what I wanted thanks!! Great video enjoyed this one and the last one 👍🏼
This will not fix arsenal but make them even worse 😂😂😂😁
Pellegrini can only perform really well in a 4-3-3 (as a mezzala). He’s first touch is not great, he tends to run and run and run but get lost in the wrong positions frequently. Further, he’s terrible on set pieces, and always tries the impossible pass, not the easy one. Gets dispossessed easily, and would struggle in the past page of the premier league. However, in saying that, he’s a decent player in the 4-3-3, still only 24 and can have a resurgence in a new system. He’s capable, but there are better options out there
I think Arsenal should go for Gotze on a free
I'm surprised Ibrahim Sangare or Marc Roca didn't get a mention for CM. Pelegrini would be great at Arsenal!
Any Sensible Transfers on South African PSL club Kaizer Chiefs?
I think Timo Bakayoko from Chelsea would be a perfect fit for the DM position. Arsenal should buy him off from Chelsea. He's been good while on loan at Ac Milan and Ac Monaco. He can also progress the ball very well and can pop up with goals. Remember when he was at Monaco under Jardime
Ndicka commonly plays as a left back as Adi Hütter has proffered a 4231 this season pushing Filip Kostić higher up the pitch to support Andre Silva and Daichi Kamada.
Signing Partey alone could boost their chances for top 4. Just pay the damn release clause already
Coyg
Please do Real Madrid next
What about a video on how players value rises & falls
Great stuff, as ever.   A few observations of my own: He's attempting to tutor Pepe to be able to fulfil a more traditional Winger role to go along with his more natural inside forward role, which is interesting; he appears to be one of many, many coaches who's preference for CF play has been influenced by Bielsa, wherein he prefers a refined-target man. His incorporation of Nketiah, his less than overly enthused disposition toward Auba's retention, and his desire to bring in Edouard - a beautiful example of a 'refined-target man' - all point to this I think.
As Arsenal have fired most of their scouting network, maybe they should be paying more attention to Sensible Transfers!
What did statdna do for Arsenal? Man, thank God you gunnerblog, Amy Lawrence lot aren't running the club. You don't know what your saying. I bet you believe Arsenal don't have money. You lot are embarrassing.
I hope the board watches this.
Wober would be a solid purchase even for a long term partnership with Saliba
This is what I’m modelling my fifa21 career mode on
If you think Pepe didn't do well, you're wilfully misinformed.
Ain’t no party alike a Thomas Partey
Id say yves bissouma from Brighton would be perfect for arsenals midfield
Man, Tifo would have us start two 20 year olds at Center-back. I'm not sure hey 😅 Also, what happened to Sangare who, last season, was Tifo's choice but now doesn't even make the cut as an option?
My sensible transfers for Arsenal: Thiago Silva, Zambo Anguissa, Jack Grealish and Arsenal  goes back to 4-3-3 :D Martinez - Saka - Silva - Saliba(Luiz) - Bellerin - Zambo(Xhaka)- Grealish - Ceballos(Zambo) - Aubameyang - Lacazette - Pepe(Willian)
I signed N’dicka in my FM Arsenal game, would be weird to see him sign for Arsenal irl
do ac milan next
Hey Tifo your stats need more context.   It would be much more useful for the layman to know what each number means, like what rank or percentile that player is in for the stat. NBA YouTubers are good and at this and it makes their content more accessible and seems less like they're just quoting stats to appear knowledgable.
there is nothing sensible about arse nal
Arsenal also need goals to come from someone other than Aubameyang. With a creative midfielder, Lacazette can start scoring goals again and wont have to do so much hold up play. It might also release Pepe's goal count. We also need goals from midfield itself as we have very few. Coutinho does these things.
and they are signing Willian lmao. Old age homeFC.
Do Liverpool nextt
You guys put way too much focus on players who’ve never played in England. Arsenal have signed enough bundesliga talent recently who haven’t worked. Need premier league experience in defence
How I’ve missed sensible transfers! Great episode tbf, Arsenal would be dangerous if they signed your 3 picks 😳
Vidal Rakitic Coutinho Zaniolo Fekir Rafinha Sabitzer Acerbi
Tonali and Sangare relegated + Pelligrini a solid midfield
I've been saying Pellegrini all years. Come on Arsenal!
Glad some else thinks it's stupid David Luiz was resigned! Need Ozil off the books otherwise it will be yet another season in transition......
I look forward to arsenal not signing any of these players n doing the complete opposite
These make too much sense. We'll end up with Malang Sarr and Willian on a free. Then buy Danny Drinkwater for 25 million because... Arsenal
Hoping for a Sensible Transfers Chelsea edition soon
What's wrong with Pablo Mari? We wouldn't have signed him if he was as average as all the other CBs
Can’t wait to buy these on fifa 21 career mode 😂
Please do sensible transfer on LFC....🙏🙏
As an arsenal fan we don’t do sensible transfers. We have needed a defence for 5 years and we go and sign 5 reject forward players every season, then freak out and panic buy a cheap CB on a misguided, mismanaged and terrible deadline day deal.... every year without fail 😞
The only signing Arsenal need is to sign up in the 2nd Div.
Thank you for this
do some sensible transfers for Juventus
Tifo: Sensible Transfer Arsenal: We don't do that here
Is there any way to send this video to Mikel? It such a good video dayum.
What about Inter's Barella?
Partey is 29 would cost a lot of money and too much on wages
Make video how Barca can beat Bayern Munich in quarter finals
What is arsenals go to formation for next season? They do seem better playing with 3 CBs
One day I hope to see a club buy everyone Tifo recommens on a sensible transfers video within a week of them posting one
Tbh Arsenal have already spotted these and buying accordingly, Willian fulfils the AM position, they have been in for Partey all summer, and Gabriel is a left-footed athletic CB who is comfortable on the ball.
Budget transfer recommendations imo
What About Marc Roca ??
Arsenal first needs to sign a bus driver and a....bus. Seat players Arteta doesn't want and drive them far off.
As a Roma fan, can you stop putting our best player in the shop window in every other video? Please and thank you!
I never thought I'd trust tifo for transfer business more than the club itself.
there are no sensible transfers at Arsenal
Mikeal Arteta: **taking notes**
I wonder why they didnt include malang sarr at cb cause hes free
If these suggested players aren’t in kias agency then they won’t buy them
I have been praying every night that you will upload an arsenal sensible transfers.
Looking forward to the Aston Villa sensible transfers...hope you upload it🙂
Can't we just offer David Silva a contract?
We want for AC Milan
If arsenal don't get sell anyone, they won't have any new transfer.
Do sensible transfers for Manchester United.
waiting for sensible transfer real madrid
Got an athletic ad before the start, in the beginning and at the end of the video.  In testing times like these, marketing departments are usually one of the first ones to get the boot, interesting how athletic haven’t bought into that
YES, yesss!
Someone pls show this video to arsenal people.... This cud totally help
What about Donny van der Beek for either Central Midfield or Number 8/10? Too expensive?
Please do Chelsea next since ur already doing a prem league club
can you do a sensible transfer for Dortmund
i demand tifo energy be in production at first light
Thanks for the video, sensible transfers and Arsenal are not heard together off late
Please do AC Milan, they're going from a giant club to a midtable and now back to constant European attendance
Can't say that Arsenal has brought in talented youngsters who progress to greatness, not a single one in the last 5 years. I do not know what the scouts do that they can't have talented youngsters like, say Leicester. Good riddance. Its time to simplify and minimize the overhead. Some roles just are just a waste of space, and it's imperative to identify those. Arteta is the guy kicking away the deadweights. COYG.
Coach Justin harus lihat ini heyyy
Sensible transfers for atletico madrid pleasse😅
Somebody tweet this to Arteta
love tifo<3
Pellegrini, Partey could honesty both start in a midfield three with Saka or Ceballos (if we sign him too) I'm honestly happy with getting Gabriel at CB, back when I doubted Arteta one of the reason I was keen to get Veira was bring in some of the talent he has there at Nice or some at Lille, but also signing someone from Bundesliga would be within our budget, it's all about winning the EL and/or coming 4th, not over spending to chase anything above a return to the CL.
Can you do event team in the premier league
I dare you to do a sensible transfer video on Newcastle united.
Chelsea next ✊🏾
Pellegrini has a 30m release clause, that too payable in two installments!? What the fuck are we doing? He's the perfect midfielder for Arsenal.
Next time please Liverpool.
6:40 why does everyone seem to forget about Mari? Is there something I'm missing?
Sensible transfers: *EXIST* Arsenal: No, no, no I don’t want it let’s buy Willian
Not to be racist but I think Aubameyang is not that white
If Arsenal doesnt get their heads of their arses they will be sharing room in half table irrelevancy like Everton.
I know it's a lot to ask but can you make a video about the Indian Super League's(ISL) top talents?  😊
We need to get Ceballos Partey Willian Gabriel and Coutinho If possible.
What about Roca in midfield?
Arsenal dont sign anyone who isnt going to make kia and raul money so forget about getting the guys in these videos
Arsenal and arteta are going to the right path,if they work hard sign a key midfielder and defender they can secure champions League football is 2 years time
Arsenal need to at least try for Malang Sarr on a free this summer.
Gabriel from Lille and Partey from Atletico. More expensive options but if you want to get back into the top 4 these two are clear and obvious to me and would make a huge improvement to arsenals squad
The problem with Arsenal is that they always try and walk it in
Do Chelsea after the Havertz deal is done, would be interesting to see how to fix a defence and gk after spending £170m on attacking players
Sensible transfers: Stan Kroenke To Garbage Chute.
Please do Manchester United next
Juventus please
COYG ⚪️🔴⚪️🔴🏆🥇
Thanx
Raul is ruining arsenal values he doesnt know about football but wants the final word, fills his friends pockets, zero respect for koscielny or ozil turning fans against them and genuinely believes he knows more than scouts which drove the very best scout mslintat out, look at barcelonas board now its a mess thats largely down to him, in 4 years time people will finally want him to go after he wastes years of everyones time, replace him with someone someone who isnt a total gangster
Pls do a video on tsimikas
Everton
Can you guys use the same approach to Sensible Transfers for historic transfers that didn’t go well? For example, you guys did suggest Ndombele for Spurs last season, it might be worth doing a video looking at why he hasn’t been successful. Also, would metrics have suggested Coutinho as a replacement for Iniesta, and who would have been a better target at the time based on numbers.
There's much more to it than just looking at numbers. To me, Pellegrini is the sort of player who could only do well in Serie A. A quiet character that would not fit in (both on and off field) then eventually get homesick. Thank u, next.
Please make a video on Leeds and Bielsa :)
Is buyout clause a release claude? if so then most of the clubs including Arsenal should definitely go for Pellegrini
Shït club
The Tifo team is underrated, The Athletic is the best thing since...since idk
No wonder Arsenal fired their scouts, Tifo Football doing there work for them!
AR SENAL :(
what about konrad laimer as an alternative to partey, youve done a video on him already and he seems based off that video too be of a similar mould to partey and he would be cheaper
I could've sworn Thomas Partey had been linked with Arsenal for so long now...
i swear Arsenal fans keep this channel afloat
Arsenal's scouting team , watches entire video and later on would still go on to buy another striker while leaving the shitty defence as it is.
Please do tottenham next
These are all sensible, but how many more staff members will they have to sack to fund any of these?
best fucking series 👌
Emi Buendía would be class for them
N'Dicka is definitely talented (great with the Ball especially) , but is still very young and makes a lot of mistakes, not Arsenal material yet. There are so many good CB options out there: Gabriel, P.Torres, Kabak, Luiz Felipe, Kumbulla, Kounde, Salisu, Simaken, W.Fofana, Lucumi, Ayhan
For young players orkun kocku from feyenoord he is a CAM and fits into their playstyle
is Emiliano buendia a good  fit in the attacking midfielder role? he will be somewhat cheap as Norwich are relegating to championship ,he shows great creation numbers ?
Pls go for Golovin, we need that russian blood
please do AC Milan ty
What the fuck!! Arsenal have Ozil, who could have been the best 10 of the generation
why no AC Milan
Aouar, Partey and Gabriel look like the perfect signings to me
Tifo: post video about Arsenal Arsenal: Write that down, write that down!
Can someone explain Arsenals tactics to me please?
Arsenal needs to move players on, thats more crucial for the long term.
Can you do Chelsea next please
Imagine if arsenal were sensible
Does Athletic cover La Liga teams?
As an Arsenal fan the moment I see Sensible transfers Arsenal, my brain is like oH YeS
Malang Sarr? He's a free agent
COYG
Do of manchester united
Poor frankfurt about to get raided in my fifa 20 career mode now
They say arsenal already agreed terms for permanent signing of Mason Mount from Chelsea in 2032.
Do one for Wolves! Last night match against Sevilla, we're lacking of creativity.  Come on Tifo! 🤗 🤗
Perfect would be Aouar, Partey and Upamecano + some talent like Eze .  more realistic is probably Buendia/Szobozlai, Douglas Luiz/Serdar  and Tah + Willian
Could they not go after malang sarr who’s a free agent after leaving Nice?
But first, Ozil needs to leave
sow?! ye right,  pretty sure theres not a single side in the premier league that this kid would start for^^
Why does Arsenal need a Scouting team If they can just watch sensible transfers for free on tifo football?
All those suggestions seems good but would they be able to adapt to Arteta's system.
Have any clubs ended up buying the players tifo suggested?
I highly doubt Lorenzo Pellegrini would leave. They have new owners and he's Roma born and their Captain.
Do leeds!!!!!!!!
Do Juve next
*We atleast know Gareth Bale is playing Golf when he's not playing football but nobody knows what the hell Ozil is doing?* Mesut Ozil has just 1 year left in Arsenal  Let's just watch & see how much bad Mikel Arteta want to get rid of Mesut Ozil this season?  I won't be surprised if Ozil leaves on loan or just terminate his contract by paying him off!
Party is crucial, if we can afford only one player among these, as most often the case, we should definitely get Party. Pellegrini is a good pick as well.
Again with these unproven players Torreira looked like the next Vieira stats wise and look how poor he’s been
Love the analysis btw. Yeah, Partey will always be our priority and really hoping he could get into the club. But your recommendations on AMF and CB isn't half-bad either and I won't mind Pellegrini went to Arsenal. For CB, I wonder what's your opinion on Gabriel Maghales (Sorry, can't spell his name), Diogo Carlos and Malang Sarr? Anyways, I recall you recommend Djiku to Arsenal again and there's nothing wrong with it
Ndicka is genuinely a good player could become one of the best in the league
the committee is a problem. Look at the top 3, their manager has a direct say in who goes in an out. Arteta attends just one meeting with the committee and then is told if the negotiation works. Raul is not there for Arsenal, he prolongs negotiations so he and Kia get the most out of the transfer deals. They not only need to be fired, they need to be deported back to Iran.
We suck im ngl
Sell everyone except Auba and Leno.
Arsenal don't seem to be in a favourable position to make high profile transfers this year, with the COVID-19 situation as well as the lack of UCL football for so long combined with high wage bills on their pay roll. We will have to see how they operate in the summer.
partey should be their top priority, his quality and experience playing in high level competition is important for them
Lmao Pellegrini isn’t going anywhere..You forgot to mention pellegrini desire to stay at Roma, and doesn’t want to leave
arsenal is chelsea retiring house. arsenal is shitty club.
Gabriel, Partey & Ceballos is what will improve us.
Do Tottenham Hotspur!!
We'd be lucky is Kroenke NET spent 50 mil
I think Gabriel Magalhaes is a better option strong left footed and Pacey!
Who else noticed the kit based backgrounds? Nice touch of quality by tifo
Who is the Athletic's pick for LCB?
Can you do a sensible transfer in the search of my next girlfriend?
Been waiting for Arsenals  Finally
Where's the Man United one Tifo?
I would like to see a sensible transfers for All of the current German Bundesliga teams for the 2020-2021 season. It would be nice to see something different for a change in my opinion. Apart from that, this is a great video. I enjoyed it 👍
Sensible transfer for real Madrid CF
Tifo for President.
Although there's no doubting Pellegrini's talent, Serie A midfielders have more often than not failed to adjust to the fast-paced PL over the years. IMO, Arsenal should primarily be looking at La Liga midfielders. Partey is probably the primary target, as we know it.
As much as we currently dont have serious transfer funds, we really cant afford to be signing these unknown players this season- we need tried and tested players. Partey and Coutinho are exactly who we need. We can try playing moneyball next season
This is the content I seek
Hahaha Thomas Partey will definitely make Arsenal fans partey. 😅😅
Like Kroenke would actually spend money on Arsenal...
Arsenal better be watching
Please make Same Type of Video for Juventus ☹
do spurs
Do one for lazio, atalanta or ac milan for their impressive season!
Congrats Arsenal fans, you have made it. Tifo Football a massive thanks to your team. 😇
We should definitely go for Pellegrini if we can. Its a bargain. If we can't we should at least promise him we will next summer so he doesn't leave Roma
Chelsea's Old age home ?😵
What do you think of London? Blue. What do you think of blue? London 🔵
Arsenal need defense all 4 of them an bring about 3 more to rotate there mid keep an strikers are solid
I comment first
Tifo football in 2100: how humans can beat the aliens featuring the athletic!
Best football analysis channel ever
It’s simple. Change everything
Congratulations for 800k subscribers , though you deserve 800 Million 👍👍
Arsenal fan here.hope arsenal see this🤞🤞
Been waiting for this🔥🔥
Someone just commented “they can’t afford any of these” and the video was uploaded a minute and 35 seconds ago.... :/     Just watch the video first mate. You’re not winning any awards
We just need oil money to fix all our problems.
YOU LISTENED HAHAHAHAHAH
This series is amazing. Keep it up.
Chelsea please 🤔
It's simple, get 2 center backs and one creative midfielder. We need to inject quality in the side to compete.
Ah yes, Tifo and HITC video time.
wow im early
Finally
Sign me
Decent
First Comment
First and waiting for hate
First comment
