i liked how when you listen to their music, you’d think this was from the 2000s
Truth: you can like what they're doing now, you can hate it. They dont give a sh*t
amazing performance i wanna see them live so badly
I didn't know Djo 'steve harrington' liked arctic monkeys
Terrible mix engineering
delectable
Fact is, whether you're into them or not, everybody knows when the AMs drop a new record. They are that profound in modern music. One of the last true super bands.
So predictable I know... What you're thinking!
That solo should be frowned upon for eternity
That 3:00 onwards Piano is inspired from Queen! Even the bass note & then the drum intro to the next part.
I feel like Alex didn't fuck his with his voice enough on this live thingy
BODY PAINTT
The Car is hands down their best record to date. It rewards the listener the more you hear it. Pure Art.
Damn.🔥
Love the switch ups from soft to rugged.
I hope they come back😭🙏
So he can actually sing on time lmao
aura
💛
During their trip to LA they played “lollapalooza LA”. This was one of the first dates on their tour so there was a few british there but mostly latinos. Anyway “i bet you look good on the dancefloor” along with dont look back in anger is one of those songs that gets brits going. Like proper british anthem. And it was funny to here it treated like an album track in a latino american environment. Turner also was a little more chatty with the crowd at the start of the tour compared to the latter end at the stadium shows and glasto headline
Jaime Cook looks so goofy on the first half, not a single guitar cord for a good few minutes
Bands change. Arctic Monkeys are still amazing. Deal with it
divinos mis reyes ♥
I like how Alex performs this as if it was years after dropping this album
3:29 I fall in love here
I don’t think half of you know what he means by body paint 😊
I'm just listening to this for the first time.... F#$K ME! This is incredible...
I LOVE BODY PAINT SO MUCH
Does somebody knows what chords Alex use?
gorgeous voice, amazing hair, sunglasses indoors, he's perfect.
GFSFJSDJGDJGDGHDJKGHHDHFK
what an absolute pleasure it has been to have loved you all of my adult life. thank you!
Quiseram inventar muito, ficou uma bosta os albuns depois do AM.
Candy Crush vibes
I wasn't convinced at first, but watching how I blasted all over the "place" in less than a month was shocking, I used what I talked about the other day, and although it actually took about 5 weeks for my volume to double, I just go'ogled Jan Venstaker's Shooting Ropes and her reaction has been priceless!
Hey, didn’t they use to be Arctic Monkeys?
From the little scallywags whos just wanted to be one of the strokes.. This isnt just music anymore, this is art. Bravo!
Ele só precisa aprender a solar.... O resto é perfeito ;(
That's a great song
❤
They make other bands seems so stupid
или, бля, они с майклом бублем одноклассники? была ж хорошая команда. нахрена ее превращать в вот это ВИА имени пиздюка
было хорошо все с обезьянами, пока пиздюк не решил, что он фрэнк синатра.... чё за улю-лю они играют теперь я хз...
I'm on your fame
Macrons living in the attic
Back to Buckingham m
Abused kids don't have money
2:48 get him back to the nursing home pls
A top ten band of all time
I wish theyw do more albums like “whatever people say what I am, Thats what ı am not” or Humbug
be myself！
Que performance! Eu sou fã de carteirinha do Alex e do Arctic Monkeys, que artistas! Que banda! Que música! Só pedrada deles
Never looked more like Julian Casablancas. Allex really did just wanna be one of the Strokes.
He’s fine as hell.
it took me a while to like this song. I didn't get it at first. As a loyal AM fan, I knew I'd get around to it eventually. Now I'm obsessed with everything about it.
If you're out there in the island thinking of me - I'm thinking of you
So proud of Arctic monkeys come up
I love poop
poop
Honestly, fuck the critics this album had me in tears listening to it. One of the best vinyls I’ll ever own
he was looking a bit too fine here
I wasn't convinced at first, but watching how I blasted all over the "place" in less than a month was shocking, I used what I talked about the other day, and although it actually took about 5 weeks for my volume to double, I just go'ogled Jan Venstaker's Shooting Ropes and her reaction has been priceless!
They are the best😍 so humble and down to earth😍 i wonder if they every do interviews with these late-night shows? AMAZING PERFORMANCE AS ALWAYS🤩🤩🤩🤩
ARCTIC MONKEYS ADKCIDKDVJSKNFJF I LOVE THEM SO MUCH
i cant belive this was last year, it felt like the album came out yesterday ❤
i cant belive this was last year, it felt like the album came out yesterday ❤
i cant belive this was last year, it felt like the album came out yesterday ❤
I'm in love in this guy😊😊😊😊
agradecida de haberla podido escuchar en vivo, pinche canción espectacular <3
Filipe Luís é melhor cantando do que jogando futebol
Next level songwriting! ❤
Escuchar Body Paint en vivo, es una experiencia maravillosa.
OMG I love this album with all my heart it’s so fresh and perfect from the lyrics to the beat
TV DEBUT??? Na no way
Most Shane Alex turner show
I LOVE BODY PAINT. ON UR LEGS ON UR ARMS AND ON UR FACE.
I’m in loove I’m in love.
This band is awful.
I just went and saw Arctic monkeys live, at first I wasn’t a big fan of body paint BUT WHEN I HEARD IT LIVE OMG. GAVE ME CHILLS
Love arctic monkeys
It’s a joke
i saw them live yesterday and they sound so good it’s unreal. i love them so much
<3
Perfectione💯💯💯💯💯
He’s cute 🥵
Love it
❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
HE ATE IT
❤💯👏👏👏
utter bullshit
that man just keeps getting hotter
As an ADHD who might be Au as well, I’m thinking they are also maybe neurodiverse.
Garbage
I thought I'd lost touch with The Arctic Monkeys..this has got me tuned in again.  I think they've done what big bands like Oasis failed to do...evolve!
best version
Does someone know who is playing the piano in this presentation?
Is it me or Alex just look like his younger self? This man doesn’t age!   This song is amazing, I love it so much ❤
They are morphing into the Last Shadow Puppets… little of the classic Article Monkeys left.  More of a lounge act now.
I saw them live in Manchester last night and I feel I’m now even more obsessed with this song 😭 actually insane
My horniest dreams include Alex Turner singing close up to my ear tbh
Nice one Jezza, you picked uo a wicked box there although spa spiders mystery boxes are just epic from the many videos I have seen now ❤
This song evokes all the emotions at one time, but it's also impossible to focus on those emotions through the lyrics and the sound of the song. It's one of the most wonderful songs I've ever heard and Alex's vocal talent does a great job here. Miracle!
3:45
I really think this is one of the best songs they’ve ever made. The live versions look insane, I wish they’d do the longer version they are doing on shows now on a well recorded live version like this. Gonna see them in a couple of weeks, this is the song I’m most looking forward to!
Alex has never moved so much before
Watching videos like this makes me so excited for the concert
They are like pink floyd now
Alex looks like a grown up Steve Harrington
Does anyone know what guitar Alex is using?
My menthal health w this video 🔝❤
❤❤❤❤
tranquility part two. cool
Off. His. Face.
That was amazing omg
lame as fuck. be rock n rollers. thats why we love you
You should host them one day fr😭😭😭
i think they put like crack in this live version
This song sleeps in my heart and I know its gonna be forever in it
Ça c'est le classé.xxxx well done boys xx ❤💥😎😎
him matching his lil dances with the beat is what keeps me here
TE AMO ALEX
my relationship with this band is forever
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
titikim
i started listening to AM  when i was 12 y old, im 22 now and they still are my favorite band. idk know how explain, but i always feel good after listening their songs, its part of me since 6th grade
What is that microphone???
Its a perfect song!
Beautiful
Great album
Just saw them live on Tuesday, so so so good!
Wowwww woooowwww wowowwww!!! Amazinggggggg!!!! Nothing it’s better than Arctic monkeys 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼❤️❤️❤️
Wearing shades on stage Alex turner u are so fucking cool I can’t get over it
He’s so handsome
❤❤❤❤
Is that Steve from stranger things 😁
this band's growth is underrated af
악틱인지 더 래스트 쉐도우 퍼펫인지 몰겠네
TEMOON
I love all the positive comments here praising this amazing song and the car, it’s literally a masterpiece and I can’t wait to see their upcoming tour performances! Let’s hope the headline this years Glastonbury!
Omg they all look like gods
Me da la sensación de que la gente está sobrevalorando demasiado este álbum, casi como AM.
Theres only two bands in my life that I can say I will never stop being impressed and will forever be my favorites. One of them  being Arctic Monkeys. Both bands sound amazing live and whenever I see them performing, you know they love what they do. Its just genuine love for music
they still got *it*
El q esta aqui tiene buen gusto
Aşığım aşık
Davvero meravigliosa🥰🥰💛💛💛❤
This album is sooo goodddd🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
the best of the century
oml
Aveces te extraño porque realmente te ame, pero ahora que lo pienso creo que de igual manera no hubiera funcionado lo nuestro y hubieramos salido mas lastimados, pero hubiese sido una muy bonita historia, Te ame Diana, te ame con mi corazon y alma, espero seas feliz con el, pero, ya es mi momento de levantarme y ser feliz porque asi lo quiero yo, Gracias Diana por no amarme, me haz forzado a amarme a mi mismo, se que lograre grandes cosas y lo hare por mi, y tu me veras con esa admiracion y te acordaras de mi.
Mukemmel
Sr yimmy dejeme decirle q la barba se le ve muy chimbita😎😎
The band does a great job of doing the live versions near identical to the original production.
I didn't know Andrew Garfield can sing! Great voice! 📏📏
Absolutely brilliant performance. I'm a huge fan of their first album, and I love love love this new sound from them. Inspired by shadow puppets there's none doubt. This album will win rock album of the year. Skinty Fia by Fontaines D.C. is a razor thin close second.
Que temon csm!!!
is it just me or is alex's guitar slightly out of tune? ngl it sounds better this way
just use a pick alex, c'mon
they are the best. TRULY.
Alex Turner is his generation's Kurt Cobain
Body Paint in cleopatra, no Julius Caesar can survive.
Te amo Alex Turner <3
Alex Turner is playing an Epiphone guitar or I see something wrong?
Forever love for arctic monkeys
He's what Harry Styles is trying to be. I like Styles, but sometimes his "quirks" and his vibe seems forced, wheras Turner's just simply cool.
This is the ‘four out of five’ of this album
Hello beautiful people, I share a cover of "There'd Better Be A Mirrorball" song on drums I hope you like it 🥁❤‍🔥 https://youtu.be/mnriJUQl_vE
1:08.. i can't begin to explain. it's just perfect.
Can't explain how beautiful this album is.
hijo d pta q bien canta
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️su concierto en Perú este año 2022 fue espectacular,verlos en primera fila wow.. indescriptible..
Belíssima 🥹🥹👏🏾👏🏾🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷✨
I can't believe I grew up stanning such beautiful and talented human beings. I can't explain how much I admire their works and Alex's mind, I can talk abt it for hours. Hope he doesn't get lost for years again.
Can't wait to hear them live in 2023 🥺❤
<3
qué increíble haberlo presenciado acá en argentina cuando vinieron por el primavera fest
me parece una canción mágica
Mrd son jodidas leyendas ahora
I would love to see this at the MEN, with that home crowd
The drumbs uno, legend
They're just fucking legendary
cant wait for Asia tour ❤❤
Last 2 albums 👎 dog shite (BRING BACK) the old artic monkeys.....
Jesus Christ his voice is incredible! The entire band sounds amazing, even better than the album version in my opinion. You’d almost think Alex was lip syncing because of how flawless his singing is! Wow. Definitely one of the top bands I want to see live someday!
Arctic Monkeys went from pop icons in 2013 to being one of the classics present day.
Classic Rockstar
why is there a Ψ in your guitar Alex?
increible
This is just not very good
The UK tour couldn’t come any quicker 🙌
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MoZZtuE7yMo
so glad to hear that they finally would come to Asia 🥹🤍 i love AM forever 🤍
I love you Alex
alex is kinda cringe
Thank you Uber driver for introducing me to them!
пли
Alex’s style in this screams Link Wray all over 😂 Sounds so fantasticly clean!
те
He wanted to be one of The Strokes. Now he's Julian.
Gosh, this band is such a talent
I prefer the live version over the Studio version, you can just hear everything
EPICCCCCCCC
At a moment my head started to sing "come on come on come ooooon" xd
Dudes suck
the best thing about this is how the band is enjoying the fuck out of their performance not caring that people want AM back ❤
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Now i Love this
the talent
Sheffield lads done good :) great album, very different to the older stuff, but love it nevertheless!
They just get better with age - a chunk of Monkeys fans and won’t understand what they’re doing with the music - let me explain - this incredible sound and lyrics they’re putting together is replicant of an era who’s musicians had talent - Pink Floyd, Eagles, Elton John and many many more, this is when “musicians” were musicians - I’ll sum up my point with one analogy example - Charlie Puth was on Jonathan Ross the other day and when he was called over for his chat about his new album he showed he made it - a mini 10 digit keyboard plugged into a laptop - this is modern music - made on an app in 5 mins in the back of a cab with all the music already pre created on the computer - I’m not saying Charlie Puth has no talent - he has big talent but the comparison of eras is non negotiable, if you want to understand what I mean to fully justify my comments then search for Eagles - Hotel California live Washington 1977 and go to 4mins 20 and watch on - ask Charlie Puth to not just create that but to even do it - that talent exists in less than 5% of all music produced today - these are among them, their imagination is their own through the genius of Turner and skill of the band that also all buy in to the direction, long live the Monkeys - I’ll follow you in any direction and the past 2 albums Hotel and the Car have been the best ride so far
So predictable I know what you are thinking 🎉
Not my cup of tea.  I prefer the energy of their older stuff.
Garbage
Esa facha de rockstar inalcanzable Dios a Alex turner solo se le reza
What guitar is Alexes?
THE FACT THAT I HEARD THIS SONG LIVE DAYS AGO 🥲🥲
Their past two albums have been masterpieces
The guitar at 3:48 is phenomenal
This music is ahead of its time. Just like AM.
Not embracing the turn this band has taken. Good to see most fans like it though
British music hasn't went away you know
you know theyre great when the live performances are better than the studio version
Shame that Jamie and Nick are just standing on the sidelines not doing much for the majority of the song.
shades indoor will never cease to be cool
oh boy his vocals are punchy on this one
They always sound superb when on American TV SHows
I'll be honest I was not sold at first when I heard the studio version but my god this is beautiful. They look so happy and truly secure with their band right now. As fans we should just support what they want to do. They've proven they are capable of taking on all genres and concepts. This is part of growing up and maturing.
his voice...omg...so seductive, I love this song!
I love so much this band!
Massive waste of talent having Matt Helders playing on an album full of waiting room ballads.
been to his concert yesterday having the honour to listen this masterpiece live <3
So glad to see that Tyler Parkford is still playing the keyboard and singing back vocals on live performance with AM. Amazing music!
Are they officially back?
I love u, and blessed for all and thanks for develop myself arctic monkeys, i waiting in two days in bogota and i so excited.
bit shit now init
Sigo sin creer que los haya escuchado en vivo 🤩
coisa fina
This whole album is not good.
LYRICS For a master of deception and subterfuge You've made yourself quite the bed to lie in Do your time traveling through the tanning booth So you don't let the sun catch you crying So predictable, I know what you're thinking My teeth are beating and my knees are weak It's as if there's something up with the wiring You can poke your head behind the mountain peak Don't have to mean that you've gone into hiding So predictable, I know what you're thinking I'm watching your every move I feel the tears are coming on It won't be long, it won't be long Straight from the cover shoot Still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face And I'm keeping on my costume (keeping on) I'm calling it a writing tool And if you're thinking of me, I'm probably thinking of you There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face So predictable, I know what you're thinking Ooh, ha Yeah Yeah, ah
Great track, reminds me of Bowie in his prime, not a bad thing
I'm so proud of them, was a honor to watch they grow year by year, so much memories!
aşığım
Esta canción es tan mágica 🫶🏻
I have a lot of respect for Arctic Monkeys, making the music they want and not what the critics want, we need more of this in modern music because this new album is fantastic.
RIP Am. Used to be so good. Sad
li amo
Just  so  fucking  brilliant  in  every  way...
Except for the albums 1…3 it all looks like a timid attempt to imitate experimentation of Bowie and Zappa.
10%: music arrangement 90%: Alex singing  Anyway good try for new song, but old song is much more better. ❤️
OMG ALEX TURNER NEVER FAILS
this album is a joke
This band just perform so beautifully together sooo talented!!!
Only people who wear sunglasses indoors are blind people and assholes
Boring song
Wondering if they will back to rock and roll or will still producing tunes for depressive films
For a master of deception and subterfuge You've made yourself quite the bed, to lie in Do your time traveling through the tanning booth So you don't let the sun catch you crying  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  My teeth are beating and my knees are weak It's as if there's something up with the wiring You can poke your head behind the mountain peak It don't have to mean that you've gone into hiding  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  I'm watching your every move I feel the tears are coming on It won't be long It won't be long  Straight from the cover shoot There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face And I'm keeping on my costume And calling it a writing tool And if you're thinking of me I'm probably thinking of you  There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face So predictable, I know what you're thinking Ooh, hah, yeah
Whenever I listen to arctic monkey songs I just can’t help but be happy
Love it!!
eu amo muito eles.
THERE’S STILL A TRADE OF BODY PAINT, ON YOUR LEGS AND ON YOUR ARMS AND ON YOUR FACE
I love them
Kid rock level of musical development
🇲🇽
I love you so much, Alex.
I'd love to see Kevin parkers reaction to the solo/riffs at the end, so tame Impala :) amazing sound from them again, loved growing with this band
Absolute masterpiece, I don’t know the words in the English language to describe how much music talent and sheer brilliance this band posses.
Amazing song that will be a classic performance YouTube.
Fucking masterpiece
ISTG THEY SOUND EXACTLY LIKE THE STUDIO VERSION.
пересматриваю это неприлично много…
perfect.
So different from anything else going on in music 💜
clever and different
I fcking love them. Every song of them is a masterpiece. 🥺💛
this song is great, but the album sucks.
I just can't afford this kind of perfection 😭
I think it's time for a masterpiece album. Turner has the talent and ability of Brian Wilson and the intelligence of Lennon and McCartney. Lock the band in the studio and produce an album up there with Pet Sounds. Do something that can't be played live, something so clever that it can never see the stage. You're the ones that can do this. Make history boys.
What's happened boys?
😍😍😍😍
Anyone know what guitar Alex is playing? 😍
Próximamente corona capital .muy padre sus canciones
This song is so gooooooooood
2:14 sente o tapa
That moment at 2:32 when Alex Turner looks over his glasses makes me feel a type of way
oh my god they suck.
Hmm. Good performance struggling with the toon abit.
Such a great performance & a wonderful album! My boyfriend introduced me to the Arctic Monkeys since they're his favorite band. I've grown to love they're music too & we're going together to see them next year!
O Alex é surreal de bonito
Steve Harrington crushed that song!
The new album sounds like something I listened to and then forgot about but suddenly rediscovered.
This album is bliss! such a masterpiece
♥️love
they will always be my favorite band because they always stay true to their beautiful art not the demands of others
This sounds like what we might get if David Bowie joined the Beatles. Its so good!
♡
Crap.  Reminds me of Russell Brand's character's musical trajectory from Get Him to the Greek (or whatever that stupid movie was called).
This album is as bad as Jimmy Fallons comedy
Sounds like a  Bobby Conn record, that’s a good thing.
Matt Helders' drumming could light up any live crowd in the world and they make him play like this ffs
My favorite of the car ❤
this band's live shows are something else!!!!! and alex's body language and motions!!!! I don't know what to say I mean-
the new AM sucks!!! these songs dont touch me....rocknroll seems to be dead for them
Sexy Alex Turner 😍
🔥 🔥 🔥 lives...
❤️
that album was shit
See you boys in Dublin:)))
This Song is nice but the album is boring for me, no more melodies (same as last album). I think this group is not for me, I discovered them with suck it and see, a lot of good melodies in it. Their best album for me, and far from what they did with the next ones.
Sounds more like a George Michael song
No dejaron ni los instrumentos 🥵
GOD ALEX LOOKS SO GORGEOUS
Even after the full album coming out, this is the best version of Body Paint!!
what happened to this band? :(
Make Arctic Monkeys Great Again
They are just so good. Best band to come out in the last 20 years. I'm so happy they're still going strong!
They’ve pulled me back in here what a tune this is✌️
SU VOZ SU VOZ SU VOOOOOOOZ
Best song on the album for me, It’s if TBHC and AM had a baby. Has both the chill TBHC vibe with a mix of AM with the solos and change of tunes
Alex's vocals are absolutely mindblowingly good here wow
id on alex jeans?
For a master of deception and subterfuge You've made yourself quite the bed to lie in Do your time traveling through the tanning booth So you don't let the sun catch you crying So predictable, I know what you're thinking My teeth are beating and my knees are weak It's as if there's something up with the wiring You can poke your head behind the mountain peak Don't have to mean that you've gone into hiding So predictable, I know what you're thinking I'm watching your every move I feel the tears are coming on It won't be long, it won't be long Straight from the cover shoot Still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face And I'm keeping on my costume (keeping on) I'm calling it a writing tool And if you're thinking of me, I'm probably thinking of you There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face So predictable, I know what you're thinking Ooh, ha Yeah
This sounds like what happens if George Harrison and Jeff Lynne produced Bowie in 1973, marvelous!
I was listening to this song the other day and thought “ehh it’s different but it’s alright.” But live this go cray cray
WTF? Why do they sound like a Vegas lounge band low budget Wayne Newton? This is not only boring but it sucks.
pretentious!!!
Где блядь ГИТАРА Алекс? Где нормальный ударный. Все хуже и хуже с альбомами. Вернитесь в 2006
oh btchh this is EXCELLENT! amazing performance. oh and the album is sensational too 😂❤
IN LOVE WITH THAT PERFORMANCE
to my ears the first half of the song was like delicious honey slowly dripping from the spoon. and the second half was like eating this honey and getting lowkey ecstatic
AM grow in dog years. And now they are at full wisdom.
The title is very misleading. No monkeys. Not even regular monkeys, not to mention arctic ones. No body paint also. 2/10
I've grown up listening this amazing and magical band. I love every song they make. I actually tattooed my favourite album on my wrist ♡ it was my very first tattoo
I LOVE THE LIVE VERSION SO MUCH 💙💙💙👏👏 they look like those cool, glamour and classy uncles and i am livin for it Ps. Matt Helders 😳😳
"I'm your legs and I'm your arms and I'm your face "  WTF does that mean???.. weird,  but not in a cool way.
When i scored well in the exam i didnt study... 4:09 😎😄
💝
The new songs are not bad. Some are awesome. But why are the members of the Band 60+ on the inside?
Does anyone know what Ray ban style he's wearing?
What happened to them...I feel like they started in 2002 and finished in 2013.They were amazing. If evolving and maturing for some people and for them means becoming boring, monotone and repetitive...well, that' s exactly what  their new "music" is now....let's just hope in the next album...
Zzzz
Did they collaborate with Robbie Williams ??😢
the other members are bored as fuck
So effortlessly good
amazing 💖
For a moment I thought I saw Pete Townshend.... What a beautiful Artic Monkeys :')
playing with no pick, no doubt he´s gay
los monitos tan grandiosos como siempre ✨
And I thought, they couldn't do anything more boring than TBHC....I was wrong
Is there something wrong with me?
I don't like these songs at all... dumb and weird...
that style is out of focus and tune. it kind reminds me to the rings of power.
In case anyone wasn't sure, the best music has and always will be British rock bands. Trends come and go, but this music lasts forever.
Si me pagaran por escuchar esta joya jajajaj nombre, que no haría...soy simp de estos galanes jaja
can't wait to see you guys live :')))
and no one had fun
my Lord😍😍
Tô muito falling in love
He’s never sung as well as he is rn
Was hoping they would go back to the old sound but they did more of Tranquility Base Hotel & Casino, ffs
which mic is Alex using?
Flawless vocals
lmao much better than album
What amp is the bassist playing on? That silver grill cloth is almost as good as the band 🙌🍻
Pure magic... ✨🌟
Can we talk about how beautiful of a shot this is 3:09
Even the band look bored....time to end The Alex Show.
Wow...! Just wow!❤
beautiful performance but he was def. krunk as fuh
Alex is getting older and ugly ...
I’ve heard some newer fans say this song is trash, but as a older fan they really have changed and yet there is still traces of previous albums in this one
Song sucks
this is so beautiful... You guys... thank you for existing
son increíbles, los amo mucho 💞
Didn't they start as a rockband? This sucks, Beavis.
"don't let the sun catch you crying" and "it won't be long": lots of 70s American music influence:')
I heard the studio version of this song and thought yeah okay it's not bad. It didn't spark anything in me really. At that stage I had already met, married and had a family with There'd Better Be A Mirrorball, obsessed. But this version completely brought this song to life for me. Unreal. Wow.
Sounds better than the studio version
David Bowie
This is contemporary progressive rock, and I'm glad of it. I love you AM♥
lord.
Absolutely brilliant👏🏼
They sound wonderful. Every single time I hear a song of theirs I’m in awe of Alex’s capabilities as a songwriter. This man’s lyricism is on another level I don’t understand how he thinks of such words to mean things that you wouldn’t really understand without pondering.
he has that gold necklace for ages i would lose it lol
Hey it's "crawling back to you" 😎
This might just be one of their best TV performances of all time! 🔥 ALEX'S VOCALS HAVE NO BUSINESS BEING THIS GOOD!!!!
I’m not having fun but at least Alex is 😊
@4:04 uuuuuuuuuuuuUUuUUu ahhhhhhhhh yeahhhhh yeahhhhhhhhhh
I think he enjoys weird chord progressions, but people prefer straight melodies. And this boring beat. This is no good.
Greatest band!
kings
The fuk is that? 🤦🏻‍♂️
Unbelievable this
Arctic Monkeys are just something else man, I love them
A brilliant song, performed to perfection. The voice, the baseline, the root change. Class
Obsessed
Banger!
It was 04:09 for me, the moment he pushed up his glasses with such eagerness :D
ELO vibes
Dull
The only thing i dont like about this song is that its associated with jimmy fallon
They sound like that feeling you have when you just had a relaxing shower and go to sleep on a bed with a fresh set of pillows and sheets.
♥♥♥♥
why does alex not age omfg
I'm loving the little dance right there lol 3:30
One of the best talk show performances I've seen in a very long time
full blown beatles with this one, great!
Simply an amazing performance
god i love them so much
I just want to love Alex
Alex with this hair looks lowkey like how he did in 2007... the hair I mean
Rock & Roll never dies
The Monkeys are back baybee!
Arctic Monkeys haven’t put out an album since 2013–the last two albums these new guys did are ok I guess.
Cannot stand that ridiculous affected voice of his.
him and matty healy have exactly the same vibe going on right now
jesus this live is sick. and the way Alex control his voice and all that note palette in one song is just beautiful
Someone can tell me what's the Alex's sunglasses model?
alex somehow manages to always blow my mind.
Snooze fest
I remember when alex turner used to sing about daft posers, now he's the daftest poser of them all
Andrew Garfield can really sing wow
Impressive performance I cant wait till the 21st!!
The new Bryan Ferry!
he’s got his hair back, still coked tho
"ao vivo" fica tao superior a gravado no studio, arctic monkeys nunca erra!! o alex se entrega tanto nas musicas 😞
Love.
900k of the views are mine :)
"HAAAA!!" -Alex Turner
Fã tardia da banda. Comecei a ouvir Artic Monkeys pelo TBHC. Me apaixonei. Depois veio o TLSP e o restante da discografia. Esperando ansiosamente o novo álbum. Em novembro verei o primeiro show.
I LOVED THIS PERFORMANCE THEY WERE AMAZING!!!!
Musically it's just delightful. I hope their fans get on board. Whoever said it was a bit Bowie, I totally get it.
They fucking killed it once again!
It's fucking awful. Parody band.
this makes me even more excited to see them next year!!!!!
their so ahead its frightening reminds me of peak arcade fire .
Phenomenal!
This is so terrible. They sound like a average indie bedroom band now.
This is perfect 💫💫
Damn,I’m gonna blast this song all dayyyyssss from now on
🫶🏽🫶🏽
This era is definitely going to be Nick's time to shine!
How did I manage to miss this????
what is going on with alexs guitar
I didn't like this song at first but omg its growing on me tbh 😍
LEGENDS
Maravillosa performance
So this is what Andrew Garfield is up to
Bruh not old fans of Arctic monkeys being salty about the fact that they’re shaking things up. Boohoo, get over it, they wanna experiment. If you don’t like it, go listen to other stuff.
oh my god
사랑한다 악틱 한국와라 마
Sounds like Robbie Williams
esto me encanta
Saudades das músicas mais agitadas e dançantes dos arctic monekys como os álbuns A.M. e Suck It and see
Arctic Monkeys have gone so downhill. Get back to your first album!!
Starting to lose interest now. Lounge style crooning is not for me im afraid.
Anyone else noticed the euro symbol Alex has on his guitar?
Does anyone know the guitar model Alex is playing?
Mr Fallon, knows talent...
is alex playing a coronet?
let it be era of beatles
what a performance !
this song has a little bit of everything that makes you say, "man, these guys really fell off"
More of an Arcade Fire fan but Arctic Monkeys are okay, especially with this easy listening shtick
Alex ‘no pick’ Turner
We all want someone to shout for Yeah, everyone wants somebody to adore But your heroes aren't what they seem When you've been where we've been  Have I done something to trigger The funny looks and the sniggers? Are they there at all, or is it just paranoia?  Everybody's got their box Doing what they're told You pushed my faith near being lost But we'll stick to the guns Don't care if it's marketing suicidal Won't crack or compromise Your derides or individes Will never unhinge us  And there's a couple of hundred Think they're Christopher Columbus But the settlers had already settled Here long before ya
cant believe this is real
i love how he gets much more vocal on live
They've taken away Nick's mic 😨 Always liked his Falsetto better than Tyler's tbh
Bella merda
When I tell y'all that I've been obsessing over this song. And how is the live version better than the studio version?? I was kind of hoping for more rock in this upcoming album but damn this so amazing. I don't even know why I doubt the genius that is Alex Turner. The man knows what we need and he delivers every single time.
what's the model of that epiphone Alex is playing?
Love the rock n roll impronta here
a sexy song.
sj
His voice is unbelievable these days
That's the coolest ha I've ever seen 4:09
You know what's crazy? Listen to how much Alex's voice has evolved and refined since whatever people say I am. Sounding so good.
Its a grower into a lover of this new  song  🎶🎤😊
That minimansion tunes 🤮🤮🤮
going to see them next year in san francisco !! waiting years for this.
Anyone knows what kind of guitar mister Turner has ?
They're still trying to rip off the strokes?
Desde a adolescência a vida adulta, A.M sempre será minha banda preferida, momentos de dor e alegria, essa banda sempre será inesquecível para mim.
For at least once in my life, I want to go to a Arctic monkeys concert. I hope that day comes soon!🥺
Shite
https://youtu.be/wADRRYNHhOA
Essa banda marcou historia na minha vida, desde 2007 vem sendo uma bela trilha sonora
I didn't like the song so much when I first listened to the recording, but now I listen to it live and I really like it
awesome, it seems november rain
This is a great tune. Can’t wait for the new album
This is American Psycho music. Love it.
2074 ouvindo
TERRIBLE song. Rips off about 4 different artists, and the lyrics are nonsense, absolute drivel.
Watching for the tenth time. Can't wait for the album lads.
Alex valiendo verga setenteramente. 🕶️🛋️🪑
I love how this particular case in music is very polarizing and separates open-minded curious people from retrograde mediocre conservative minds.
الاسطوره
See them in june 2023 lets fucking go 😎
So predictable...
I just bought tickets for the North American tour and couldn’t be happier. Alex turner has been my husband since 6th grade and it’ll never change.
More crooner shite like the last album 💩
this song is literally masterpiece..
keske bi kac tane alex olsa boyle sarkilar cogalsa mkkk
3:12 the best part...
cok GUZEL SARKİ OLMUS asiri
Boring boooo
does anybody know if they did an interview too?
I love Arctic Monkeys, and I am listening to this on repeat trying to appreciate more, but I do not honestly! The melody is weak and this song is nothing special 😢
Love the little "keeping on"
the legend is backk
Idk how the audience would be so quiet I think I'd be sobbing and freaking out
*I LOVE IT*
i thought this was trash
Is it too much to ask for a song that's got more of an OOMPH? Just one?
When did Jimmy get a beard?? I haven't watched in so long lol
Better vocals live than on the record. Excellent song though.
Next level!
It’s a no from me
Brilliant Voice and  Brilliant Song I love you Guys
BRILLIANT!!!!
Need this version on Spotify asap 🥲🥲🥲🥲❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
they've literally completed coolness
so boring
😭😭😭😭😭💛💛💛💛
Poor Jamie standing from the benning until the middle of the song with nothing to do 😢
Inb4 Alex Turner Epiphone signature model
Is that Tyler Parkford playing the keyboard?
they just get better and better
Been listening to this song a lot!! Awesome track
It’s very low power can u give me more higher power
A very sexy songs says Sadie
Didn't like this track much the first time I heard it, but a couple of listens later I'm really enjoying it
This sounds so good live
I was 34 when I first heard about them playing pubs and clubs in my and their hometown of Sheffield. I got to see them live several times. I'm 54 now but their music still resonates with me enormously. I love the twists and turns their style  takes. Ive got tickets for the Hillsborough show...cant wait. By the way, embrace your youth and remember....time flies so fast. 👍
Booooring
Puro Humo.
Can't get tired of listen to thiis piece of art! Comparing this vocals to 2010 in "I Bet That You Look Good On The Dancefloor"... Its unbelievable! Congrats, guys! U've made it!
So good
Its a pop band now
Rock n roll baby
Wtf is this these guys are young why thy went soft so earty FUCKTHEM
Delving into the world of Bowie , and it's a disappointment,
I remember when the lads from High Green used to be good 👍
Why does this sound better than the studio version....
they made an album about a car. sick edit: bro is using an EPIPHONE CORONET. Look it up on reverb. INSANE
Вы бы знали, как сильно я люблю всё, что они делают…
개간지 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ 노래 왤케 잘해 ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
2 incredible guitar players really lifts that band!
I like how people keep trying to tell the Arctic Monkeys to go back to their high energy songs, bruh they won't listen to you. Do you really think a few comments would be enough to shake their opinion on the music they make? 💀💀💀
God I have missed you guys! 😍
Bowie vibes. This is great.
Who else felt bad for him at 4:20
I have really fallen for this song the more and more I listen to it! There is something so unique in the notes of this melody, it's elusive and artistic.  I can't quite put my finger on it!🥰
Boring
los amo lpm  :)
mid
This is so perfect
So predictable I know what you’re thinking ❤
Chronic as usual. Boring. The attitude unfortunately doesn’t match what’s coming out of the speakers
Iconic performance
Who’s listening in 2022 🤔🙌🏻
What’s this? Alex Turner playing an Epiphone Coronet aka the Pete Doherty guitar! Finally embracing the early connections between the Arctic Monkeys and the Libertines.
😴😴😴
Can't wait for the new album  Mirrorball blew me away the 1st time I heard it, this is growing on me, but still wow
Sprinkles of the Beatles in his writing style, I'm stoked for the new record!
Really not sure about this. Maybe it will grow on me. Don’t like this way of singing or performing from alex. But I respect they keep developing and that they go for it.
I think this is great
Their last album was a dud, and based on this the next one is more of the same unfortunately.
This is what Sob Rock SHOULD have been.
4 minutes of American Alex making love to himself  He is now the man he used to parody  Embarrasing
I hate their new stuff
If you could only pick one essentials albums of an artist to download and have enough batteries to recharge your device throughout some strange apocalypse: it would be Arctic Monkeys. Without a doubt.
esse disco me lembra o KID A na época do lançamento. fanbase aos prantos e hoje todo mundo cultua...
Amazing
i love alex knowing that he could be my dad but idc
Got the Steve Harrington look for that performance!
I'm going to take a nap!
Essa música é ruim de doer.
I’m kinda bored by it…..
can’t imagine a better band, they mean so much to me at this point and are forever part of my life
This is so good. I can’t wait for the new album ❤
Fuck yes
I remember seeing Arctic Monkeys in 2013 in Seattle and they were insanely good live. Arguably better live, than studio imo.
arctic monkeys you're dropping down my favourite bands list quicker than the pound.  with this easy listening shite
What is this shite?
inspiration is gone
Essa fase "los hermanos" do Arctic é meio chata. As músicas são muito paradas.
Sad to see but Alex has lost his cool, feels very overblown and slightly pretentious these days. Still always got the earlier albums to fall back on, can’t get onboard with this new album though it’s not saying much about anything in my opinion even the title is dead.
Guess that´s gonna be their "We are really into the Beatles" record. Could be worse.
I really hope this grows on me. Because I'm a bit let down by this latest offering. Just feels very disjointed.
Interesting that Alex doesn’t seem to be using a plectrum
Some of the comments on here saying they’re shite for no longer singing about getting black taxis home and queueing up to get into clubs….they’re not teenagers anymore. It’s because a song has a strings playing doesn’t mean they are suddenly pretentious 😂😂😂
I don't like the sound of this new album nor the last one and not because I miss the old monkeys but because the new songs are shit
Makes the studio version sound very flat
Got my Favorite Band in the story 🙂 thx jimmy
They were made for music
TBHC lovers the car is for us. 🫶🏾
Back to the old warbling shite for the artics
Heavy David Bowie vibes
Escutando pela primeira vez não curtir muito mas agora estou viciada nessa música pq aprendi aprecia-lá ❤ vcs são gigantescos! Amo muito! Só sucesso pra esse novo álbum 🥰
He’s looking so much like the young Alex…
is Alex eating CD as his daily meal? but their live performance is always better than the studio ver
I been a fan of Arctic monkeys since I bet You look good on the dancefloor & they still kick arse❣️❣️❣️❣️😜🤘🏾🤘🏾🇬🇧
i liked this better than the album version
American Psycho Alex. 😆
💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
I've been loving those humans dearly since junior high
Yikes, not a good song
Well that was a waste of 5 minutes
Esq es al pedo, Alex es el hombre más sexy de tierra
I think this is one of my favourites hair styles of Alex, my god
2:03 Steve Harrington, is that you?
QUE BUENA CANCIÓN R3CSMREEE!!
Today i actually said "Excuse me i need to see the arctic monkeys performance cause it's been a few hours since i last saw it. ITS LIKE A PHYSICAL NEED
Lame!!
stan jamie cook for clear skin
m a s t e r p i e c e
🔥🔥🔥
I saw this performance live at Studio 6B! I had chills and felt so lucky to have been able to witness this live. Feels surreal to see it on YouTube! A memory worth remembering forever ✨
i dont mean to offend anyone, but they aren't nearly close to what they used to be. i know that bands change and evolve, but this music doesn't resonate with me the way their old songs used to make me feel. i wish i liked this, but i just don't
We miss the old rocking Arctic Monkeys...
arctic monkeys really never miss
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Someone please tell me what that guitar is. Lol
Does anybody know the model of that new epihone from Alex?
🖤🖤🖤 LOVE THIS 🖤🖤🖤
Hey Tyler Parkford from Mini Mansions on the keys!!
So glad they’re back ❤
Que buen álbum el que se viene nunca decepcionan los monitos del ártico 🎶👌🇲🇽🤗
Leonard Cohen + John Lennon + David Bowie = Arctic Monkeys 2022
This is just so fucking good
The Bowie era lives on
Just noticed Matt added one more cymbal to his drum set, don't know if he'll be sticking with that for "the car" tour.
Matt helders has so much potential that he seems bored with these new songs. So do I.
why is this better than the studio version
Let the next tumblr era BEGIN
Sounds like they still not getting over “do I wanna know”
What the hell happened with AM? How we passed from those clowns playing like they were crazy to this
que grande estos conchetumadres
HE BRINGS LITERALLY EVERYTHING TO THE TABLE I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE HIM SO MUCH
Every single thing about them is amazing
Which guitar is it?
Creative!  Different!  Thought Provoking!  Carried off to Perfection! Catchy! And no doubt when it's at home with the rest of the songs on the Album, it'll be very Comfortable too.  What is there NOT TO LIKE??
Feel the soul of John Lennon
Alex Turner mi marido
I'm so ready for this album... Loving the progression. They are the greatest band of all time.
Absolutely awful
I’m obsessed whit this song, too much feelings bro
I’m old, this song has strong ELO vibes
this band have now fully gone up their own arses.........they haven't released a decent song for about 10 years now AM was a return to form but seriously what is this garbage? Alex Turner tries to be David Bowie badly and all the lemmings eat it up, saying that the same type of people a generation earlier think/thought Oasis were the greatest band ever.
Just want to die while Alex looks at me and sings “So predictable..”
INSANE
so hot! .. I miss matt's signature drumming though
a tendência agora é meter o estilo bicheiro/cafetão
Muito melhor ao vivo que na versão em Studio.
their album reminds me of jake gylenhall's movie enemy
This is better than the studio version. Matt in his element and Al's vocal range!! How???? 😲 I just love the Arctic Monkeys so much. I can't wait to see them on tour, hopefully in Paris, again soon.
and again he blessin us with a lil weird hand dance
Absolutely in love with this one. Alex is more mature and the songwriting on this is amazing.
Only Alex Turner can wear sunglasses indoors and make it look good.
WHATTTT??!!?😭😭😭😭 OMG 😭😭💅
So much better Live, it's  a different song.
I’d rather watch body paint dry
Lets be honest..     It's a kinda bad/lame song
Hermosos
👎👎
i need this song in my veins
God these are awful now. Just dont get the smarmy weird quirky moves, like he's some throwback to terrible cheesy club singers. Not a patch on their first couple of albums, when he wasnt trying to act and there was some pace, energy and melody. Not for me anymore unfortunately.
This sounds better than the actual released version. I didn't like the song when I first heard it on Spotify, but now I do like it, it's weird, I can't get it out of my head.
Alex turner is in his slay era
WOW Alex's voice mannnnnnnnnnnn
fuck this is like the new beatles music
arctic monkeys is really damn consistent in dropping really high quality n evergreen new albums
why is alex's vocal melodies becoming shittier by the album?
holy shit, it's even worse than tranquility base, totally boring
Espero ver este comentario en el tiempo futuro y poder apreciar lo linda que es la musica de arctic y en si todo lo que abarca esta palabra tan sencilla pero a su ves tan amplificada
masterpiece
Amo a los arctic, pero esto no me gusta.  Ojalá dejará de cantar así  y volviera a usar una plumilla.
If you always feels like their live performance sounds exactly like their records,  maybe because they didn't really mix too much on the records
Wow they are so cool
what kind a song is this? I have to turn this off and leave
IM CRYING
rolou uma vibe young americans neles
Steve Harrington is that you??!!
Simplemente espectacular 👌
I'm just realizing how much he looks like Daniel Thrasher
matt looks so bored
Sunglasses indoor 🥀😎
I got to see him perform this in Brooklyn im still not over it
ZZZzzZZzzZZZzzzzzzZZzzZZzzzZZzzzZZz
Alexs voice is so hot!
Oh hell yeah
No saben cómo me hacen feliz
This live version is better than the original. But I find it sad that Jamie is standing around most of the song. I don’t like when Alex deepens his voice and strains it, and I KNOW he’s doing it because why has his voice gotten deeper, when Damon Albarn and Miles Kane sound the same, your voice shouldn’t change like that.
So good performance, this gives me hope for the album but I might consider their previous one as the best album I ever listened to
Fuck me, what happened to these boys. Huge shame.
still obsessed with this
wtf is this bullshit? awful
QUEEEEEEEEEEEEE
wtf?
Lame
Better than the studio version
Alex still so handsome and stylish ❤
Lol poor Jamie, gets to basically do nothing
yes>
WTFF🔥🧿🔥🔥🧿🔥🧿🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🤟🏻🤟🏻🤟🏻🔥🔥🔥
The last two minutes have serious Moonage Daydream vibes about it. Love it
I love it
I'm so happy that they didn't end it with a fade out in this version.
Am I the only one who doesn't like the type of music they have been doing?
O ultimo album deles foi bem fraco pra mim, mas gostei dessa música. Anos esperando algo novo deles e esse som me agradou
Bridge on 3:12 is my favorite part of the song. Has that energy that you get from the old albums. I also miss the old AM sound I hope there will be some more energetic songs in The Car
ART.
Necesito que ya sea 17 de noviembre para estar en el concierto de sus majestades 🥲🥲🥲🖤🖤🖤
This song is literally AM and TBHC’s love child
Les amo, mald1ta sea
My god his lyrics have gone to shit🤣
Love AM at PM
Big 10cc I'm Mandy fly me vibe. Which can only be good
It's a long way from I bet you..' but I love it
Congrats for the masterpiece and see you in PERÚ Love U
Youre the best
DIOOOOOSSSS PERO QUE VOZ♥️
Hint of beautiful south vocals
Another amazing song to have a Nap!
Perfect. Absolutely perfect.
I think we're all quite exited about this album.
I missed sunglasses indoor type of Alex 🥹❤
Fucking miss 'em
The noite tá diferente.
Tafok
Alex being Alex is my favourite thing and I can´t wait for their album.
Yawn
PINCHE ALX TURNER; TE AMO CABRON HAZME 100 HIJOS TE LO SUPLICO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
we want Tame Impala
Im in love
I was kinda meh about the studio version of this song but this just made me love it
OK, but can we all agree that their outfits are awesome? Good song too.
I love the mood, the sound, the guitars. Beautiful, thanks guys. More please!
Alex would be an excellent actor
Hope the rest of the album be better than this TLSP song
Most likely going to be on my top album list 2022
THIS SONG ITS FUCKING AMAZING
Can the pianist be classed as a new member?
Alex Turner mi papá
Que gran proyección de crecimiento tienen los Arctic Monkeys 🚀, son enormes!!!   Y Alex disfrutando🔥 es todo perfecto! .....ansiosa por verlos una vez más en Argentina 🇦🇷
Smells like Bowie 👀
As a Lead Singer and Bassist with over 1400 shows behind me, this is an absolute stellar performance from every member, what a wonderful song that sounds like it shouldn't work, but jeez, it does 🙏🏻❤️🙏🏻 fantastic
Lloro todo lo que quiero, está es la playlist de mi vida. Te amo banda con mayoría procedente del sur de Yorkshire
fucking horrendous
I didn't know Steve Harrington could sing?
NME are already creaming themselves over this
Fantástico, sensacional. Amo vcs Arctic Monkeys. Alex divo. ❤️😍
I would be nothing without this band
I can’t wait for this album!!
Boooring Zzz…
this sounds more TLSP than arctic monkeys
i’m cryin
People who say it’s boring just don’t have the attention span to appreciate a good song. Damn tik tok generation
This performance is even better than the studio version!!
Monkeys just play what they want, it's always been this way. There's no point creating similar stuff every time anyway, it doesn't run long. They have stuck to that vision since after FWN.
A bit boring but a good song
This performance leave me speechless 🙏🤩🤩
I see suffering Matt during all the last years, hahaha
those fucking slippery Ray bans
Лютый фак 💃🏻
they sound beautiful.
Man, what a performance..
is the guys from Mini Mansions supporting them live for their new album???
พี่เล็ก กูจะหลับ
2:39 Jamie and Alex 🛐
Quite boring tbh
For a master of deception and subterfuge Для мастера обмана и ухищрений, You've made yourself quite the bed, to lie in. Ты довольно-таки неплохо всё себе обставила. Do your time traveling through the tanning booth, Ты путешествуешь по времени в кабинке для загара, So you don't let the sun catch you crying? Чтобы солнце не застало твоих слёз?   So predictable, I know what you're thinking. Какая ты предсказуемая, я знаю, о чём ты думаешь.   My teeth are beating and my knees are weak, Мои зубы стучат, а колени подкашиваются, It's as if there's something up with the wiring. Как будто что-то не так с проводкой. You can poke your head behind the mountain peak, Можешь прятать голову хоть за гору песка, It don't have to mean that you've gone into hiding. Это совершенно не значит, что ты спряталась.  WERBUNG  Yandex Games Kick the Teddy Bear Play Popular Games Online in Your Browser. No Installation Required Find out more   So predictable, I know what you're thinking. Какая ты предсказуемая, я знаю, о чём ты думаешь.   I'm watching your every move, Я слежу за каждым твоим движением, I feel the tears are coming on. Вот-вот польются слёзы, It won't be long, Ждать осталось недолго, It won't be long. Ждать осталось недолго.   Straight from the cover shoot, Прямиком с обложки, There's still a trace of body paint У тебя на ногах, руках и на лице On your legs and on your arms and on your face. Кое-где ещё осталась краска для тела. And I'm keeping on my costume А я не буду снимать свой костюм, And calling it a writing tool, Скажу, что это пишущий инструмент, And if you're thinking of me, И если ты думаешь обо мне, I'm probably thinking of you. Я, возможно, думаю о тебе.   There's still a trace of body paint У тебя на ногах, руках и на лице On your legs and on your arms and on your face. Кое-где ещё осталась краска для тела. There's still a trace of body paint У тебя на ногах, руках и на лице On your legs and on your arms and on your face. Кое-где ещё осталась краска для тела. There's still a trace of body paint У тебя на ногах, руках и на лице On your legs and on your arms and on your face. Кое-где ещё осталась краска для тела.
I didn't know Steve from Stranger Things was the singer for the Arctic Monkeys
Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Is that Steve off stranger things 🤔
vocalist looks like Ely Buendia!
Really feel sorry for the other band members though.... Nothing to do, just swaying their bodies around...
That stylish retro futuristic mic 😍 Does anyone know what brand is that microphone?
He is the definition of suave
I just cant get into their new stuff
A menos de dos meses de verlos en Perú!
I’ve been a fan for so long, but ever since I saw them live in Istanbul like a month ago I am just in NECK DEEP. They are amazing!
Overtones of Bowie 👍😁
Are they back??????? And I’m loving it
These are not monkeys, nor artic ones. Fake media
at really hit those vocals out of the park live.  wow
He sounds a bit like Lennon here. So good
They really have lost it.
Cada disco es una gran evolución de sonidos que hacen viajar.  Grande Arctic Monkeys
Alex is going through his full-on Bowie phase. This song is marvelous! David would be proud
It's a great song when you reproduce this video at 1.5x speed
Entre El solo de startreatment y body paint
freaking weak song. definitely not their best job. sorry not sorry.
Can't wait to listen to this song while in the elevator 👌
Chingones
one of the last bands with absolute personality in their songs, their performance is very good ;).
Dreadful stuff
Boring
I has that early 70s David bowie-esque feel.....reminds me of Space Oddity
They aren't good anymore
This new song is quite boring like the  previous single released
que lindo hombre que sos alex teamo
arctic monkeys ♥️
It sounds like they're blending the styles from their past 3 albums and what could either turn out to be a bit disappointing or a full on masterpiece. I can't wait to hear the rest of the songs.
another bore.
In my mind I see the Arctic Monkeys getting along with the Glass Animals.
it's a fucking masterpiece.
in fact that I even don't know how its going to sound the official album version but I will always comeback to this version for the rest of my life
alex turner in his david bowie ballad era… he’s so attractive
What kind of guitar is Alex playing?  I can see it is an Epiphone, but what is the model?
no me canso de escuchar esta canción, no puede ser mas perfecta
They've released TBBAMB  & Body Paint and I already know it's going to be an AMAZING album! So excited for October 21st! ♡
Every single time I listen to this song it’s like my ears are being blessed. The guitar at the end of the song is like perfection I can’t explain it
Essa música tá muito boa ao vivo 😍
Esse album tá muito foda!!! The last shadow hotel e cassino”
THE KINGS
sdgsdgsd AMOOOOOOOOOOO
I like this new Blur song
Incredible! the live version is as perfect as the studio one if not better lol
aquí Alex se parece un poco a Steve de ST.
Me teletrasporta ! Que gran banda arctic monkeys  ❤️
THE VOCALS.
Amazing. I prefer the clean ending to the fade out on the recording.
I love this. Not the biggest fan of the last album but this is perfect!
I just don’t get it sorry
Brazil
So perfect!!
Alex on his British rock Jacques Dutronc phase
Have lived AM for several years and they're always a joy to see/hear perform ❤️🎶🎤🎶👏
srsly we need arctic monkeys comeback every year
THERED BETTER BE A MIRRORBALL AND BODY PAINT IS SUPER GOOD SO FAR GOD I CANT WAIT FOR THE REST OF IT 😭😭♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
It feels like we grown old with Arctic Monkeys, as if we’re old now and this album is like as if we’re just looking back into the past Arctic Monkeys albums, eras, etc. In my mind I can explain it right but when I put it to words it doesn’t really make sense, but I hope you get what I’m trying to say
the new album is going to be my new personality
holy moly
❤
Nice to see this latter day Arctic Monkeys parody group releasing new material.
I don't really like this song but this live version is undoubtedly better than the studio version. So much more emotion, and Alex's voice sounds oddly strained on the original. There'd Better Be A Mirrorball is a masterpiece though!!
Good to know this song sounds perfect live, too
This is shite!
Boring… sorry but all that cool can’t buy any originality
Bowie still alive,he’s a a lad insane
todo todo exactamente hermoso 😭😭
Me alegra que Arctic Monkeys vuelva a tener el gran reconocimiento que siempre han merecido. Los quiero mucho, chicos. ♡
Terrible
it only keeps getting better everytime i watch it!!!!
I was forgetting my love until I learned how to love them again
I actually prefer this version
Hope they dont play this at the upcoming concerts
Pumped for album release
The breakdown is very Beatles-esque. I like the Arctic Monkeys but this sounds like all their other albums. Then the change at the end is Bowie. Idk. Its just okay.
I LOVE YOU ARCITC MONKEYS. 💘
Boa musica, só é chata pra caralho e nunca vou oivir de novo
Wish they would go back to their established sound. This is a nice track but a whole album of this is boring as fuck.
Quien se robo a los monos articos? estos no son.
el baterista se parece a nikocado avocado
I really like arctic monkeys but I'm not so keen on this sound. Preferred there indie punk sound. It's not my favourite style for them.
Jamie Cook is freaking hot, especially in this new style, oh gosh 🔥😩
I had a transcendent experience listening to this...I'm not kidding!😂
El embole que se pega jamie
Just terrible
https://youtube.com/channel/UCUxivySgyfG5PXkrhyvzFdA
love ya arctic monkeys!
te amo arctic monkeys
You suck, Fallon
I wish I could hear this song...
New Arctic Monkeys
Amazing
Love seeing Tyler Parkford in there
Absolute garbage and anyone saying otherwise are fooling themselves. AT has turned into a total prat now too
The best band ever
it's fucking ridiculous to see these magnificient musicians not have anything to play to. another alex pet project. i honestly cant comprehend how matt is ok with all this.
This is my favorite bad ever, but let's face the fact that they are never going to do music like their first albums...
trabalhei tanto esses dias que nem sabia deste presente, novo lançamento deles!
❤❤❤❤❤❤
Sounds as good as the studio version! Well done
I see they are carrying on from the last album.no real monkeys fan from back in the day can seriously say they like the direction they have taken since am.i definitely dont
Me cuesta ver a Jamie sin tocar la guitarra en todo el tema ahí parado hasta que la toca al final,un desperdicio. A pesar de todo es muy buen tema.
so cool song
OMGGGGGG
thats my daddy 🥺🤚
Show
I looove the new music but I hate how they (except for alex) look like they are bored out of their minds while playing. I really hope thats not the case. Cant wait for the new album.
https://youtu.be/OevDPA54X20
SO GOOODDDD I LOVEEEE
Second part of the song - pure masterpiece ❤
♥️♥️♥️♥️
🕺
amazinggggg
Nick O’Malley is a cutie. that’s it. ty
yuppppppppppppp
art
The boys are back! Man, I love the AM!
Probably the worst song ever, if a new band came out with this they would be crucified
i claimed this mwah
THEY ARE THE BEST
Alex is bringing out his inner TLSP :,)
This is the Art,man...
i like this elevator music that am is making (:
Anybody know the model of guitar he is using?
😍😃😃
AM I the only one noticing strong David Bowie vibes??? Even that lightning bolt towards the end
They slayed.
Alex's new guitar lookss awesome, I don't know but I would never imagined him with an epiphone, looks like a new era is coming guys
reminds me of cornerstone I like it
I pray whoever eyes catch this comment god gives you the strength you need to over come every battle your facing. May the dark thoughts and overthinking, the doubts exit your mind right now. May replace confusion. May peace and calmness fill in your life. ❤️😊
This is incredible
I miss good old Arctic Monkeys...
Jewellers hands kinda vibes ngl
Alex has turned into Steve Harrington from Stranger Things
All time favorite band since I was in high school!  They followed me all my life and I am so proud of them ❤️❤️❤️ Legends!!
I hate this song... Anyone else ??
honestly to see how much Alex was feeling it made the song sound even better than the studio version. love how the new music connects to Tranquility while still being a whole different vibe for them.
Wow
Depressing dirge of a song. What the actual happened? Loved their music for years but just cannot get into the new stuff AT ALL.
Ha ! Yeaheheeeeeeeeh ❤
The thing is they’re so talented whatever genre they do will be interesting. I feel like they could make a freaking reggae album and it would be interesting. But at the end of the day, I think we’d all like to see an AM pt 2
Saw them live recently, they are amazing
Whoever mixed this deserves a raise. Spectacular sound quality.👏
Boring everybody to death still I see
Hii from Italy🇮🇹❤️
Questa canzone è spettacolare.
Sad to see Jamie doing nothing
one of the worst bands----soft adult radio crap!!!  music for people not into music.
Nice song, best of the last two albums so far I'd venture.  Vocals sound too perfect though, they do seem to be live but they're so heavily processed they just don't sound natural. They're not the only ones doing that of course but it takes the fun out of live performances to these ears.
David Bowie, He's happy to hear this, along with Lennon, masterpiece
Can we talk about Alex’s vocals? DAMN.
Wonderful  thanks AM The voice mr. Turner omg♡♡♡♡♡
🤍
everyones talking about how good the song is and I'm just cackling at jamie not being able to really do anything fr like the first minute so he's kinda just swaying
What a song 😍 and perfect rendition!
awesome! Can’t wait for the album 👍
Who is the douche band?
This sounds so great! Awesome performance by them 🤘
Fallon the grand Snowflake.  Arctic monkeys new slow song they play on Sirius Radio is horrible.
great live band but the songs nothing special 👍
One word.  Wank.
Impossível se decepcionar com Alex. A harmonia entre todos os elementos da música e a expressividade  dessa obra prima estão fora de comparação. Eternamente apaixonado por vocês, Arctic Monkeys! Ainda terei um registro dessa banda cravado em minha pele.
https://youtu.be/3yV3v2BxD6o
The Artic Monkeys niche music for us all
Siempre los seguiré atravez de tanto años y que gran trabajo se viene con el album completó...
😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴😴
i am once again amazed by this band
acabo de tener sexo auditivo
crying thanks for existing Arctic Monkeys
يا أليكس حتى و انت ثلاثيني مدوخنا
What I would do to surgically get his voicebox switched with mine
My safe and happy place are Arctic Monkeys <3
Music is back baby!
This song is so amazing
I always find their songs boring, like I really can’t remember anything after hearing them, no offense though I just never get it.
Stop wondering why. This is aming your heart and brain
This is gorgeous...everything I have been expecting. And then some. Arctic Monkeys are aging beautifully. 🙏💕💥
ура тёрнер побывал на вечернем урганте 😝😝😝
Ive been waiting for this album my entire life
El piano se escucha tan genial y en general pareciera que es playback por lo tan igual que se escucha, eso es calidad! y lo peor es que no los veré en el CC22 :(
this has pet sounds written all over the placeeeeeee long live AT
Crack❤️
Been listening to them for almost ten years and I'm only finding out what they look like now
Steve Harrington singing
That music atmosphere sounds like David Bowie. So cool.
Anybody in the comments that can help figure out the exact guitar model that Alex is using? I think the body is the Epiphone Coronet. But the fret board looks different. Thanks!
I love this song
really wish theyd go back to the sound of "AM". not diggin this slow stuff
For a master of deception and subterfuge You've made yourself quite the bed, to lie in Do your time traveling through the tanning booth So you don't let the sun catch you crying  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  My teeth are beating and my knees are weak It's as if there's something up with the wiring You can poke your head behind the mountain peak It don't have to mean that you've gone into hiding  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  I'm watching your every move I feel the tears are coming on It won't be long It won't be long  Straight from the cover shoot There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face And I'm keeping on my costume And calling it a writing tool And if you're thinking of me I'm probably thinking of you  There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face So predictable, I know what you're thinking Ooh, hah, yeah
Wow so far both the songs released in the upcoming album have been just awesome… I hope this will be an album with no bad songs!!
I watched this whole thing with the biggest smile on my face I missed them so much 🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲
Love them so much😍
Which genre is this album?
Arctic Monkeys, the only band who somehow sounds even better live than in the studio.. IM SO HAPPY 😭😭😭
Regreso una gran banda😍
sobbing
if this was a new band's song literally no one would give a shit. Talk about jumping the shark...
he's trying his best to sing falsetto and it's shite and barren lmao
damnnnnnn this is so good
Boring
Matt luce muy cansado de estas canciones
OOOOOH
Tranquility base 2.0 a eso me suena pero tu muy bien alex💕💕💎💍
Ay mis artics gracias por acompañarme desde mi adolescencia, es bello ir creciendo y madurando con ustedes ❤ volveré a verlos en vivo es una promesa!!!
Where´s the rock n roll Alex?
Good stuff. That middle part gives me Beach Boys vibes. Something about Alex changed after he did The Last Shadow Puppets.
@00:53 So predictable, I know you gonna put your finger up to your temple when you sing 'thinking'...LOL!
This is trash. They should just follow the formula of their only good song "do I wanna know" and stop pretending their a good band that can do more than that pop sounding crap. They aren't great musicians at all and they are trying too hard to be unique or do something that isn't currently being done but this song sucks horribly so why fix something that wasn't broken? They could do 100 more hits if they played to their own abilities and didn't try to do whatever you call this garbage
Been around before they were famous. I’m on the same age as I bet you look good and I get that. But I don’t get this. I’m sure he will down in history as the greatest but this shift like the hotel album is like johns ten year albums away from the chillies. ———————-
😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
3:10 omg Im so falling in love with this shit
Icônicos
nunca vas a ser un stroke
magnificent
😍😍
I really love this new direction / sound, but can't help but feel it leaves their drummer a little under utilised. He's so good, and still is here, but doesn't get to flex as hard as he did before.
Omg alex
Alex looks like the british cousin of Steve from Stranger things 🤣
💩 👎🏻💤
VOY A LLORAR
oh hey they got the dude from mini mansions
oh my god. Alex is so pretty.
more lullaby bullshit
Criminal use of a good band. AT should release this terrible spunk as solo records
Ok ok, sounds good!
can’t wait for the new album.
I remember going to see the Monkey's at the Leadmill here in Sheffield before they were even famous. Has two banging nights courtesy of them
I love them sm
banda maravilhosa 😍❤🇧🇷
no
you can change your sound I get that..but it's still ass
Aaahhh
This is peak 😫
the lounge lizard himself
aam0
TBHC repeat…
Arctic monkeys have always been my most favourite band and probably always  will not only for the nostalgia or the good times but because it was real and fucjking true! Now it's like Alex and the others too I guess are almost on a Power Trip of sorts its like he's trying to be David Bowie or some sort of 80s pop icon which again isnt bad at all ... but he and they need to understand that they had their OWN ting going on, their own style and attitude they were fucjing real man, I get he's trying to tell a story and it actually makes sense, But obviously my opinion, he's just getting embarrassing and just really not cool at all. You can tell Matt and the others are onto it too. But yo how can you tell your frikken brother that dude your turning into a norm 🤔  anyhow I love that they've came back and I can't wait to explore their new world journey through their new story c: peace and love dudes :3
Siguen siendo fieles a no repetirse nunca. Cada álbum tiene un estilo propio y es algo q muy pocas bandas logran, y sobre todo manteniendo el nivel siempre.
Sounds like Bowie
jimmys shit show doesnt deserve the artics
https://youtube.com/c/ZMROfficial
I love you turner
I love how they are starting to get recognised! i found them last year! changed my life!
Hermoso
everytime these guys bring up something new I left dissapointed because it doesn't even come close to something like when the sun goes down.  Next album maybe, still hopeful. Glad a lot of people enjoyed it apparently.
just put down the bottle of tylenol i was about to eat bc this dropped
“And if you’re thinking of me, I’m probably thinking of you.” Oh, Alex. 🥰🥰🥰
Someone tell alex just stop ✋️. Go back to what you guys were good for
Is it just me or does Jamie look a little mad??
Screamed when I saw they were finally releasing a new album and immediately preordered last week! I am so happy to see these guys again
Jesus Christ, Alex Turner, that was one of the most beautiful live singing I've ever heard from you!
I like this version a lot better than the studio version.
could never fail to make the body shiver
Puro suco do bom gosto
tambourine man killed it. Well done sir.
Man so crazy to think they all lived 15 minutes away from me. Went to the same college. I’ve loved them since 05. Go on lads.
They are like a parody band these days.
Which model of Epiphone does Alex have??? It's beautiful.
Oh god, I'm so happy and excited for new album!! I've been waiting for it. By the way the performance is sooo good, as always!!
It was painful to watch the whole video,  what a crap . Just pretentious remake of 60's experimental pop
Damn Jimmy Fallon looks terrible with beard…😮
growing up with artists it's just amazing. so happy to experience this. Thanks 🧊 🐒
Been listening to them since Sophomore year in 2007. Finally saw them live in 2018. They’ve changed a lot of the years but I’ll always be happy to see them putting out new music.
Alex has been giving his Bowie Spotify a good seeing to.
P.ssy soyboy music.
so good to see they performing again!
Absolute dogshite....so sick of this and the previous nonsense album. bring back the old monkeys
Lloro ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Perfection
Una de las peores reinvenciones sonoras de los últimos tiempos
I’m so lucky to experience this era
Love the name of this band
Perfect
the live version is much better than the actual studio song
A band that seriously needs to go back to there home routes use to see them play around the pubs of Sheffield before they got big
I wanna go see them in concert ❤😩
And they slayed again as they should
Ok. NOW I'm excited. Roll out the new album
https://youtu.be/LjtqPFdMVVo 😢
This is turning into some sort of Morrisey
2:40 hits different
alex hasn't sounded better omg
The world is a dark and wicked place... Arctic Monkeys is one of the few things in this wold that makes it bit better
What a lot of rubbish.
caundo uno cree haber escuchado la peor canción de este grupo sacan una aún peor y que poses tan ridiculas del cantante.
WHY COULDNT THEYGET INTERVIEWED💔💔
Really nice to hear and see Tyler Parkford.
Once again they are nailing the effortlessness of delivering this brilliant new song live, I am just loving everything coming off this new album.
I love them very much. This is impressive in this day and age.
Some of their finest work in terms of songwriting.
Aw ful 🙄
This is real music my friends
Steve Harrington vibes
:)
this band is the reason Im still alive
love them
The last two minutes are a perfection!
❤️❤️❤️❤️
sigo vivo por arctic monkeys nomas q lindo
where's your guitar pick alex
they’re back 🫶
Them ❤️
I've literally ascended. There are no words in the English language to describe the talent I'm witnessing before my eyes and ears. Alex's growth has been nothing short of spectacular. An artist that embraces change, takes risks and explores the deeper parts of himself with courage and introspection. I can't stop gushing about this live performance it's immaculate.
Jamie just vibing there lol
amo
Major Sgt Pepper vibes, love it, better than the record, roll on old Trafford
Sounds a bit No1 Party Anthem when it finally speeds up a bit. Load is waffle before that really.
This song has something of David Bowie at the end 😳
The way the song kinda "explodes" in the ending, it's just wonderful. Cheers to another album!
HOLY SHIT THIS IS GREAT
Que hermosos son. Un sonido muy 70s. Suenan a Bowie por momentos, pero a su vez tienen esos detalles Beatles. Es hermoso
He looks like his younger self
alex turner is truly one of the greatest songwriters of our generation! pure poetry
OMH I LOVE THEM SO MUCH
they sound and look great. excited for the new album!
I just love these guys.
Me encanta, me fascinaaaa 😍😍🥰❤️
Ok I’ll give it a whirl
Wonderful! Amazing!
UFFFFF QUE BUEN TEMAAAA
Never fail to impress
This is some next level shit! Godbless the monkeys
3:10 goosebumps, literally goosebumps
This is like the rubbish from the last album .
What a fucking song
Gigantes!!!
Los amo Arctic Monkeys
I love this performance
So brilliant!!! Love them!!! 🤘❤⚡️🤘
Can't wait for the album man it's gonna be so sick!!
This song took me to multiple places well that what I call ART !!💀
C H I L L S
I'm glad they're still collabing with mini mansions🙂
COOL AS FUCK, THEY'RE BACK WE ARE BACK, I AM BACK FUCK YESSS
This song is gonna be in a movie trust me !💥🔥
The odd chord changes are a slight bit dissonant for me, but i think they are talented
Vintage in the sound modern in the structure
I like the new song, Alex is the best
Arctic Monkeys.. They are not the same anymore..
O matt bem minimalista, amo
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Holy shit they sound even better live than in the studio
Wish he stuck to his normal Sheffield accent whilst singing , they've never been as good since the first album
Obsessed. Always will be. SO grateful to have grown up alongside this evolution 🙌
Whatever people say, AM are so boring now
Alex’s looking looking like Steve Harrington now!!!!!😎
I really absolutely love this song
Una presentación tan pulcra como cuando se presentaron en el mismo programa en 2018, excelente lo de arctic mmonkeys.
Lyrics:  For a master of deception and subterfuge You've made yourself quite the bed to lie in Do your time traveling through the tanning booth So you don’t let the Sun catch you crying  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  My teeth are beating and my knees are weak It's as if there’s something up with the wiring You can poke your head behind the mountain peak It don't have to mean that you've gone into hiding  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  I'm watching your every move I feel the tears are coming on It won't be long It won't be long  Straight from the cover shoot There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face And I'm keeping on my costume And calling it a writing tool And if you’re thinking of me I'm probably thinking of you  There’s still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face So predictable, I know what you’re thinking Ooh, hah, yeah
I think it amazing how Alex always gets the voice, tone, lyrics and sound right, always perfecting the imperfectible, Arctic Monkeys are my favorite band! I will see them on November 4th and I am super excited!
Elite
Man his vocals have evolved so much with the rest of their sound. They could've easily made a living remaking their first album over and over, so cool to see them switch it up instead.
Lindos demais slk
enjoyed their last single but am starting to get the impression this album’s gonna be a bit too contrived and unnecessarily convoluted lyrically, lacking hooks or even much melody to make up for said contrived convoluted lyrical structuring, similarly to what little I heard of the last one
Load of shit where's the bangers that were on the AM album last 2 albums have been pure rubbish
i  love the jamie's 'tottally hate playing this song' face and i'm pretty sure that alex forced him to show lol
I love you so fucking much, Alex
I love them so much i looooveeee them so muuuuchhhhh !!!!!
Even Alex pushing his fucking sunglasses up at 4:10 is cool af. Man honestly is a god.
Harry Maguire on keyboards is doing a grand job
They really don’t disappoint 😮‍💨 This song is a banger 💥
🤟🏻💀🔫🖤🖤🖤
...
man what a shame. used to be great
do u guys know that u are popular outside of the US and EU and AUS? just wondering 🥲 please come to asia one day
Why is Jimmy looking like a caveman tho
The drummer body posture is like gabe algera of i prevail xD
Way better than studio version, its almost a different song
The drummer plays so soft 2:40
There is so much of the Beatles in there!
Estos tios son dios
What happened to these guys?
Does anyone know which jacket is he wearing? Damn its cool
Alex is  giving off real drake bell vibes here... not the pedo stuff, just the performance style.
Looks like Steve Harrington from Stranger Things is now fronting the band and I am here for it. Can't wait for The Car!
What a great music! These guys know how to mature with time! I'm loving!
Thanks Jimmy for having them on!
God, they are very good.
I AM INLOVE ✨
Is it my birthday? Is it New year? Or Christmas ? Anyway…What a great gift!!! 😭
This song sounds way better live , either way it’s amazing but he projected his voice so much better in this video , love the Arctic Monkeys sm!!❤️🫶🏼
thanks for making me feel 16 again
this song and mirrorball are going to be the things getting me through this breakup holy cheese
divine performance as always, even better live
So fuckin sick
I saw Artic Moneys and clicked then went JIMMY HAD A BEARED NOW!? Anyways amazing as always <3
Mano que musica boa pqp, kd os br que curti o tal to ARCTIC MONKEYS
I love this so much
Right after the release, what a song to play... absolutely a thrilling blockbuster performance 👏👏❤️
como amo a estos chuchesumadres
Y es así como la influencia de Alex domina por completo a los Arctic Monkeys. Realmente se nota la evolución musical.
I'm sure some hot hot music critic is gonna come along and say something to the effect of "weren't all these bands better off in the 00s? See how bad they've got??" which I absolute BS.
Oh man. They killed this. We're witnessing greatness baby,
Solo escribire la palabra de moda; SUBLIME!
Oh my god, thia is so good
my favorite band forever
Well done guys always the true professional alex. Love this sound'shows your vocals to there true potential  So looking forward to the new album I will play it on repeat.thanks guts you are the best.xx  alex keep doing your thingies working  time will tell 👍 xx
Getting a hint of "A Day In The Life". Growing on me with every listen
There's nothing wrong with these tracks as stand alone songs but they feel more like the Alex Turner Project than the Monkeys. The rest of the band are almost redundant at this point. Alex has clearly been tucking into a lot of Bowie's back catalogue of late.
steve harrington all growed up
Didnt know Steve Harrington is the Singer of Arctic Monkeys
Es perfecta como música de fondo de un centro comercial, por favor que vuelvan a sus orígenes.
A minute in and it sounds like new beginnings 🤩 THANK YOU FOR THE MANY YEARS OF MUSIC SIRS!!! ❤️
i know this is supposed to be abt arctic monkeys but jimmy mate u look better with a shaved beard 😁😁
Me gusta que mantengan su esencia
Buena música
Apresentação espetacular!🎩🍸🌃
ESE VOCAL DE ALEX
DIOS
I saw them live in DC about 4 years ago. Great show.
this video could have been 5.05 minutes long, what a shame
02:01 thats how i have been to heaven❤ 02:20 how i died in heaven❤
I’d rather this version than studio version! It sounds even better
Joder, esto sí es música
Plis don't joke AM
Lol they really turned into the most pretentious band.
they are so underrated idc they deserve so much more hype
OH MY GODDDDD
Exactly happens with Ultracheese and TBHC, I dont know but they sound better in live than in studio. Its from another world.  Ok no
It sounds like elevator music a little bit.
21 days til a new album! cant wait any longer
They're back...fully charged!
That bass tone is so crisp.
Лучшие!!!
papis! los vi en el 2006 en Bs As cuando eran unos pubertos y siguen tocando chingón
WHat the hell happened to these guys? They used to be a spark of youthful post-punk energy - but now they just sound like a boring version the Twenty-One Pilots. Come on Alex, bring that energy back :(
i love them so much
LOL, watching how I blasted all over the "place" in less than a month was shocking, I used what I talked about the other day, and although it actually took about 5 weeks for my volume to double, I just go'ogled Jan Venstaker's Shooting Ropes and her reaction has been priceless!
Arctic Monkeyzzzzzzz are bac...
yes
Tranquility base part 2
Wow.
HOTEL.
mehhh, I mirrorball is better, I dont like these super slow songs
jamie cook merece mas credito del que cualquier persona puede percibir
This is the better version  The synths just sound better than the strings in this mix for the live performance  The fact that there's a guitar solo, and that there's actually an end to the song instead of a diminuendo in the Studio version makes this feel better  I actually felt some AM vibes with this one, compared to the Studio version that sounds like a different sound entirely  Gunna have a few more listens of both recordings, but I think the extra "rock" elements in this recording feel better than the strings in the Studio version
nothing like the 505
I already know that I will love the new album, how can they be that good live? Is even better than  the studio version.
For Alex Turner and Julian Casablancas wearing glasses on the stage should be prohibited by law 😎😔!!!
Puta q pariu, q coisa boa.
Perfect ❤
Obviously just my opinion (and I'm in the minority here), but this is really meh for me, just like the previous single. And I don't need guitars blaring loudly or even a faster pace. I do like 70s Bowie. This just sounds unmemorable, the melody doesn't feel hummable, I don't hear a good hook. I might warm up to it later. I did actually like TBHC (though not as much as their previous albums). I do respect that they're doing what they love and evolving their style. I'm just not feeling it... yet
Awesome can't wait
I love the Arctic monkeys!!!
Te amo Alex
I CANT WAIT FOR THE ALBUM!
Definitely the first song I've loved from them recently as much as I did A Certain Romance and Cornerstone. Excited for this album. Gave me The Strokes feeling with how they've been experimenting
Fucking hell what a performance. Alex Turner is a genius
single sounds weaker compared to the live version. First time i love a live version better than the studio version
So boring zZzzZZzzZzz
i love this single so much,can't wait till the whole album come out!
Craks !!!
sooooo relaxingggg😀
Arctic Bowies
Tha fucking next beatles
Thats how it’s done
Thank you Alexandra Savior for showing Alex these new path for music
Gerry and the Pacemakers....
This screams nick fowler ..
Let’s hope that this doesn’t get taken down just as the Four out of Five version did
Really really good. These guys truly craft a different masterpiece with each album.
When did they turn into a Vegas lounge room act?? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Jamie Cook assistiu uma bela apresentação.
I may not like this new direction that they’re taking, but I gotta admit that Alex enthusiams is contagious, and that’s lacking in many bands that only release new records for money
this might be one of their best talk show performances - i can't believe how tight alex's vocals are.
💗💗💟💗💟💗💟💗💟💗💟💗💟💗💟💗💟💗💗💟💗💟😻💟😻💟💟💗💟😻😻💟😻💟😻💟😻💟😻💟😻💟☃️💟😻💟😻💟💗💟💗💟😻💟😻💟💗💟😻💟😻💟💟💗💟😻💟💗💟💗💟😻💟😻💟💟😻💟😻💟💗💟💗💟😻💟😻💟😻💟😻💟💟💓💟💓💟💓💟💓💓💟💟💗😻💟😻💟😻💟😻💟😻❤️😻🤍😻🤍😻😻🤍💟❤️💟😻❤️🤍😻🤍😻❤️😻❤️😻❤️😻❤️😻❤️😻❤️😻😻💜😻💜😻😻💕😻💕😻💕😻💕😻💕😻💕😻💕😻💕💓💗💗💗💗😻😻💗💗😻💗💗😻💓
I started to listen arctic monkeys when it hits, I cant tell that ı am big fan of that music band but ı can say that ı am happy to learn this band, now ı know more than 60 (not sure maybe 45-50 bc sometimes ı count twice) songs, but if i born earlier ı am sure that ı would be one of old listeners. Bc ı am younger then old listeners.
#mahsaamini #Mahsa_Amini
This is amazing
I LOVE U
this song is so beautiful
OMG I LOVE THEM!!!
Brudda what is this  Why have the monkeys gone jazz like Lost their roots
hes eating cds for breakfast
Wow, i feel so young now! I remember listening to their first album. I always loved arctic monkeys
Vuelvo a vivir ❤
In 1.25x it's perfect! :)
ai, meu coração <3
I fucking love them.
They keep gettin better and better. Fine wine.
wow... this is a bad song... imo
sonu efsane ya
the Last Shadow monkeys
Se que Jamie Cook puede hacer mucho más que eso
COME TO BRASILLLLLLLLL!!!!!
That middle section is definitely inspired by Paul McCartney (Live and Let Die?). Nothing wrong with that!
Whys the volume so low though?! Do u want viewers to not hear the music?
Past couple of singles by AM sound really pretentious and full of themselves when they're actually not that memorable at all. Forgetful tune, boring performance.
Monkeys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
what a fucking legend
don't get it
Wuuuuuuuuu 😍👌🏻
MUITO RUIM UMA BANDA QUE TEM UM DOS MELHORES BATERAS DO MUNDO UM FRONTMAN EGOCENTRICO LEVANDO TUDO PRO SACO
So gassed to see them live at the emirates what’s dreams are made of
Guauuuu
where is he stripe guitar? i cant see. 😅
First time seeing jamie making easy money 😂
just one word EVOLUTION the arctic gods
Good lord what happened to this band :(
That was f****** good.
WEVE U MISSED U AM OMGGG
..... <3
the sheffield grandad dance moves
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=A0YwjrA5zlE
Alex turner and that guitar SsIIIIRRRR 😮‍💨
Para curar a depressão do mundo, arctic monkeys volta com mais uma música perfeita
Ahí va mi último rastro de heterosexualidad
ayayay buenardo buenardoooooo
trash tbh
they've gone a bit samey, BUT are as cool as fu*k still.
Imma be the one to say it: Alex is running out of ideas
Personally, I didn’t like it. But i like the fact that they are creating whatever they feel like it, and not caring about what people will think. Music has this, sometimes you’ll like a certain phase of the band, and sometimes you won’t. But in the end, it’ll always be Arctic Monkeys. Peace and love everyone ✌🏼
what it means the symbol on the middle of the Alex’s guitar? €?
This depth and vocal commitment is 21st century Elvis.
Perfeitoooosss💕💜
En noviembre llegan a mi país nuevamente y yo sólo se que lloraré demasiado. En 2019 vinieron por primera vez y emocionada había comprado mi boleto en primera fila, pero luego pensé que sería mejor ir con mi novio de ese entonces. El no tenía dinero o quizás simplemente no quería gastar en una banda que a él le daba igual, pero decidí vender el mío para conseguir dos boletos en la parte de atrás del concierto aún sabiendo que no iba a poder ver mucho y no podría ver de cerca a mi banda favorita. Ese día me hizo una escena de celos en pleno recital porque quise que un amigo nos acompañe, la pasé mal por un rato, pero eso no fue lo peor. Meses más tarde la relación fue un tormento y terminó por una infidelidad demasiado cruel de su parte (de la que me enteré por mi misma) y finalmente solo me quedó lamentarme de todo lo que fue eso, incluyendo haber hecho ese sacrificio por alguien que no valía la pena. Ahora este 2022 vuelven, y encima en la semana de mi cumpleaños. Esta vez, será diferente. Me encuentro en una relación con un chico que me ama como nadie lo hizo, que me cuida y me trata como una princesa. Estoy emocionada porque será nuestra primera vez viendo a Arctic Monkeys juntos, aunque no mi primera sola, pero he decidido dejar pasar esa mala anécdota y esperar a mi banda favorita para devolverme lo que merezco, ser feliz y verlos en vivo ❤
03:12
Alex give me a child
Arctic Monkeys have become a living legend for me starting TBH&C, and now THIS! Bravo Alex! This is wonderful! Can't wait for The Car
Sounds like early Bowie, T Rex, or just a 70’s glam rock without tha glitter
oh my god
i really hated tbhc, but this is so good. its like they've perfected the tbhc formula
they never let me down with their music
Sometimes i feel bad for Matt, every album he is drumming less and less, let the man go loose
I just don’t understand why they feel the need to make EVERY new song so painfully slow, a song can be poetic without putting your audience to sleep
So predictable.
I bloody love when artists do what they really want, and this is what really is important
😍😍😍😍
They are just copying “Mini Mansions” (the singer of which is the piano player here by the way…)
cómo me tatúo un video?
THE. DRIP.   What a fucking look on Alex.
Definitely enjoy this version over the Studio one  It's probably a lack of the grungy, fuzzy guitars towards the end in the Studio version that make this song seem unbalanced  But, as with TBH+C, Body Paint will probably grow on me, just as Golden Trunks and One Point Perspective did
It's been years since I've heard from these dudes. They are still as shitty as I remembered.
Essa banda é a única coisa que me faz feliz por estar vivo
IF I ONLY I WAS ABLE TO HEAR THIS LIVE
i’ve been a loyal fan since WPSIATWIM and appreciate all stages of the Monkey’s music but i’ve gotta wonder how Matt feels about these mellow drum parts he’s been playing lately
Dentist waiting room music. What ever happened to the Monkeys?
I was to early and thought it was a different say
Let's go from a indie rock band To a full blown rock band.. To... Boring. Jazz. Lounge.  There's maturing your sound and then becoming a hipster prick. The drummer looks bored out his brains, have a feeling this was an Alex choice and the others went along with it.
Omg I missed it
WOOOO
horrible song, this is the end boys!
I LOVE YOUUUUUUUU
Complete shite
i love that this song showcases Alex's higher vocal range and he just NAILED all the notes in this performance - i'm so proud of how far he's come since they started
I appreciate how they changed their sound over the years, kudos for that. But i do feel like Alex is kinda Lost in the Sauce, meaning it seems like he just puts on an act. I feel little to no actual personality in the songs
Does anyone know what guitar Alex is using for this live version??
this mans voice is unreal
oh my my they literally age like fine wine in both music and looks
im literally so jealous of everyone in that audience i would give my liVER TO HAVE SEEN THIS LIVE
you can tell that Alex is so in love with this style of music, perfect continuation of tbhac!
i missed alex's hair so much!! can't wait to listen the full album! ❤️
The song is really good, but i dont see any relevant contribution from Jamie and Matt in this new AM era. Matt is just standing there in 50% of the song.  This new album and TBHC are just Alex solo work using AM name.
this has zero mainstream appeal right,?
I was here for this performance! It was definitely a surprise for a Wednesday taping. They wouldn’t tell us who the special musical guest was until the band walked onstage and one girl yelled out, “it’s Arctic Monkeys!”
Arctic Monkeys tiene la capacidad de hacer sonar sus temas en vivo, mejor que en la version estudio. (Con lo que eso significa). la última mejor banda. Aguanten los monos!
Elegant
Why does this feel very Bowie'esque? I like it ❤
SWANKY AF
they kinda sound like idkhow
Insane
Alex looks like Steve from Stranger Things
Jesus, fuck fuck fuck...
Fucking brilliant
Jesus their live was even better than the studio recording, this song resembles Queen so much. THANK YOU ARCTIC MONKEYS FOR THIS MASTERPIECE
This sounds better than the studio version
they still hold their beautiful spark
-Shamsia Hassani “In the past, women were removed from society and they wanted women to stay only at home and wanted to forget about women. Now, I want to use my paintings to remind people about women. I have changed my images to show the strength of women, the joy of women.”
Still not as good as bet you look good on the dance floor
✨🪩✨
Glad that i always can come back to the old monkeys....this is just not for me, boring thing. Happy for them anyway
A song to drive to and collect my thoughts
THIS IS WILD!❤‍🔥🤘
Sou tão feliz por eles terem escolhido envelhecer junto com os fãs, se fazem presentes em todas as fases de amadurecimento da minha vida <3
lindo
I love them, i love them so much with intensely and dramatically
Very Bowie.
Just incredible
GOD I LOVE THIS SONG AND THIS NEW ERAAA
The arrangement of this song screams a day in the life
Peggy Robles-Alvarado Do you know the sound of freedom? It is in each syllable that escapes the throats of little girls who play loud games of pretend and splatter paint on satin dresses.
umm. They aren't original at all. they sound like a whack @$$ version of Spacehog.
Ok, the car won't be a bad álbum. Love this
Very John Lennon solo inspired
it's annoying how cool they are
It’s simply giving me chills, this song is a masterpiece.
Sounds like a Live Studio Session... They're just something else.
It’s an ok song
I like this bono better than the other one
Love it so much. They’re always fucking outdoing themselves ugh 😩❤️🪩
〽️agnifique!! ✨...even better \_i\/E💥🤘🏻
Such a great performance
They’re back and they sound SO GOOD 🤩😍 the song is honestly incredible
1:02 “Mama just killed a maaaaaan”
I'm very excited for this album. Mirrorball was good, but this one really takes the cake. It's like a mixture of the Beatles experimental sound with Bowie's stuff from the 70s
Coisa linda
I swear, I love these guys. All of them, Matt, Nick, Jamie & Alex, are literally so talented and know damn well what they're doing. Alex's writing skills just get better and better throughout the years and that makes their music even more special, I'm so proud of them and everything they've made. I just can't explain how amazing they are, there isn't an album similar to the previous one and that's incredible. Also, HOW TF IS IT THAT THEY NEVER AGE?? THESE MEN LOOK AWESOME AFTER 16 YEARS SINCE THE BEGINNING OF THEIR CAREERS, LIKE HOW? anyway,  the music industry came back to life y'all, live love laugh Arctic Monkeys. xx
Jesus Christ. These guys can write music.
Wowwww, even better live <3
So much versatility, and those harmonies 🙌🙌
What a song, what a performance and what a band. It’s just mind blowing how good they are
I love them.
This performance was brought to you by Ray-Ban.
Was hoping for a Humbug 2.0 not a Tranquility Part 2.
Beatles
never been prouder to live in Sheffield
This live performance is brilliant. They sound better than ever
What a snore fest
this is a life time dream
Not the whiners here in the comment section who can't deal with artistic evolution. If you don't like the new stuff, listen to the old stuff.
Wow it sounds really good at live amazing alex
The drummer is definitely gonna leave the band soon, he looks so miserable playing all this slow shit
Such a magnificent work of art!
masterpiece, so excited for the whole album and its story...although we're used to perfection since the beginning of their music, they give you this surprising moment with every release.
gosh i need to see them live one day
Eles cresceram muito, gosto de todas as fases, essa em especial.
alex turner my beloved
A far cry from Fluorescent Adolescent dressed as clowns on Jonathon Ross 15 years ago 🤣 but still just as good live and we still love them 💙 secured my tickets this morning for Glasgow next summer
Sou muito grata por viver no período em que os Artic Monkeys ainda produzem músicas, por sentir essa euforia quando eles postam storie... Muito obrigado meus amores!!!
Superlativo
I was a huge fan in high school & went to their concert back in 2008. I’m so glad they’re still making music & performing!
Shite
These new songs are pretty beatles-esque great listen 👌👌
not the british bros in the comments having a meltdown cos it’s not another r u mine😂
Dios mio Alex me haces llorar
I'm not sure quite how much further Alex Turner can disappear up his own arsehole, surely there's no room left?
Release de beast Matt Helders.
It’s very 80s Bowie, life on Mars like
I like this
I really love the Synth in the background with Tranquility base and Humbug vibes
Accurate
Such a waste of a brilliant drummer. Get back to what we want and what you’re good at!
Increíble
Keren banget pas live main nya, kelasss
booooooporiiiinnngggg
So weird to see Alex’s use a Coronet 😧
Couldn't take my eyes off Jamie tbh sorry alex haha
put it on 1.5x speed, you're welcome
Boring af
They are continuing with the style of the previous album and I couldn't be more grateful, I love it!
tesko sranjce
When did Hugh Jackman take over the Tonight Show?
Mesmo com tanto cigarro a voz desse velho tá impecável
LENDAS LENDAS LENDAS MDSSSSS AMO MUITO
alex❤❤
Greatest Band of All Time
Jamie and Alex having a fun 🤩
This really is a masterpiece
I only like the last 1 minute and half
🔥🔥🔥
lesssgaur
Bought tickets to see these next year today. Just watched this, regretting buying tickets already. New albums gonna be as boring and as shite as the last one then by the sounds of it 😂😬🙄🫠 please go back to your old sound…
OMGG
South Yorkshire's finest
this song is so amazing, i’m obsessed
he really did that
It's ok,. It won't go down as one of their best,. There's something in there that's very good, but I just dont think they've found it.
Aga mükemmel ya
🤲🏻💕✨
Great lyrics. Very Bowie. Great song.
lets gooo
❤❤❤❤🔪
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
This is actually better than the studio version wtf
the comfort they bring me is just out of this world
“And if you’re thinking of me I’m probably thinking of you” AM is out here making magic again. ✨
I never thought AM will be my fave “aesthetic” band
Realmente están tocando mejor que nunca
Does anyone know what guitar Alex is using here?
Dog shit and boring
Once again , i like the live version a lot more . Well done
melting right here
I don’t care what most people are gonna say but this song is genuinely beautiful. I feel like this album is gonna be a less eccentric, more refined version of TBHAC. Also Alex’s voice in this performance is spot on
I like the studio version but this live version is just amazing!
He sounds like Jack Black in some parts lol
Wow. I prefer this version over the studio version.
AAAAAA❤😢
AM used to be good but now they're so far up their own asses lol..
Just got tickets to see them again in Dublin. Can't wait
Boring.
They sound so sooooooo good !!
I am obsessed with the way Alex moves his hand when hes singing
This song has a Bowie vibes
Arctic monkeys is the best band to ever existed
They aint monkeys🙉
❤
I've listened to nothing else since the release on Radio 1 and then the music video. The live version is simply perfect! And they seem so excited to play it as well. I'm so fucking glad I'm seeing them in november after the album is released!
Sorry, but its just a bit shit. Previous album was one of the biggest disappointments i’ve ever experienced. This new album seems to be a slight improvement but still a million miles off what they are capable of.
Oh they’re back!
They lost it for me some years back...far to smooth ...far to vain for me.the geezer needs to get back in his mack...on the estate again ..and get some vibes ..cos that was dire
I'd bet this would sound better in an elevator
Can someone give me the microphone model of alex turner ?
this is so good i don’t know what to do with myself. he slayed those vocals
fucking he’ll they are absolutely shit now
omg
Alex is probably one of the less widely known musician who actually plays an epiphone guitar instead of a gibson guitar. Love his vibe!
They took all the best elements of TBHC and put them put in a single 🔥song
Such a great (new) sound. It has a noir colors to it. Very nice 👏🎸🎙️
This song is terrible. They look like they should be playing in the Wedding Singer.
😍🙌🏼
They sound too much like a lounge jazz band now. Where are the riffs!
how does this band keep getting worse
This band is a like a nice wine, it just gets better with age. Can't wait for their new album!!!
I feel like these past 2 albums would be so much better in small rooms then stadiums. This was really good
fucking amazing
❤❤❤❤
IT'S A BOP 🖤
screaming, crying, throwing up
3 weeks omg
I think this is the best they ever sounded live! Alex's voice just landed perfectly every note!
Been a die hard fan , failing to connect with this one and the other thing lads what up with £298 ticket😅
Their music is something we should save with our hearts
Omfggg the fact that they all look like such rockstars ❤❤ just when I thought they couldn’t get any cooler 😅🥰
Kinda boring
Ohh I see another super boring album on the way.
<3
Boring. Absolute shite. Officially done with even hoping they'll do anything good. Pointless song you'd hear in a shop that can't play real music
rock and roll never die, its just sitting there and waiting... -Alex turner.
Arctic monkeys saved the music
Love this … best version of the band this and last album. So good.
That guitar solo is neat ❤️
Arctic Fuckin' Monkeys.
Yessss cmon
I LOVE THEM SO MUCH!! ❤️❤️
Alex needs to tighten the temples of his sunglasses
I love u Alex 🎉
Am I the only one who likes the live version way more than the studio one?  It’s a shame he’s not showing his beautiful, strong voice on a record but rather whispers :(
What a fcking angelical voiceeeeee! ❤❤❤
they’re so badass
The world is healing <3 (:
Some absolute bias deluded comments here   Dreadful song. Wouldn't hold up against many of their best
omg i love them so much
Nul a chier
Dramatic
Bohemian Rhapsody vibe on the arrangement of the piano on the start
Love this so much, as if I’m watching an end roll of movie
Love them
FUCKING LOVE THIS SONG SM
Truly shite.
Ground control to Major Tom
It takes 3.20 minutes to get there that was painful
Cinematic Monkeys 💖
Very cool seeing him with a epiphone wow
I LOVE THEM
what guitar is alex playing
And...alex continue with the boring elevator songs. not thanks.
Feel so bad for Matt Helders. One of the best drummers ever being wasted.
Song is all over the place.. creative - sure, but I fail to see any consistent idea or theme or whatever developed in it
I get Sparks vibes from this song.
Wine wishes it aged as fine as the Artic Monkeys
an absolute success, im so happy for the boys, the song is a blast💥
Ello from the Philippines!
It would be embarrassing for a 36 year old man to be writing songs about going out to clubs and getting drunk still. Think the song writing progression is amazing.
His singing is so much better live!
Simplemente WOW !
Epic !
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever seen and I was there when Sully landed that plane the performance is amazing the charisma the instruments every is so smooth and incredible
If you grew up in Britain and were a teenager in the 2000s it’s really hard to emphasise how culturally massive and significant they were with those first two albums! It was a working class sound, attitude and even content! That’s why it’s difficult to get into their newer sound, not that I blame them for doing it. They have to do new things of course
First two albums were good, downhill since then.. shame.
Love Love Love!!!!!! ♥♥♥
Bowie Era
oh my god.
The piano riff reminds me Bohemian Rapsody
LEGENDS
I gotta admit, I’m not getting this at all… tune felt boring as hell. I can see all the folks in the comments loving it, I see the band full on passionately giving it in the performance, but it’s all flatlined to me… but art isn’t made for everyone to love it, so I guess I’m the odd man out here. 🤷‍♂️
This performance is just perfection
My favorite Jimmy Fallon on the whole history
When people ask me what is one of the most iconic bands there is i always say the Arctic Monkeys
sunglasses indoors
Ohhh ALEXXX ❤🤤
oh yessss how i miss arctic monkeys 😍😍😍😍 they're always perfect !
Steve harrington
Solo escribo esto aquí solo para volver a esta joya cada que alguien interactúe aquí
Best band on the planet 🌎
From working at Scoops Ahoy to performing at the Tonight Show. Way to go Steve! Way to go.
Finally 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
I liked how at different times this track had little channels of Queen, Bowie and Supertramp IMHO. Up the Monkeys
My boys from Sheffield are rocking it!   Please come to Belgium!
WHERE IS THE VIOLINISTS???
omg
masterpiece
oh heck yes 🤘🏿💖
this song is like  the plot of American hustle ....you want it go some where , but all it does go in circles and is a tremendous let down. When the stoped calling it Alternative I really stoped giving a shit .Emo and indy are really just watered down versions of what was once some thing good.
alex turner 😩😍😍
Woah🙆‍♀️ Amazing performance!!!! Somehow I loved this song even more being played live! Now I see why those who saw them in Brooklyn debuting it were so obsessed with it! LOVE LOVE LOVE
Truly spectacular
sunglasses indoors, par for the course. thank you for giving us something to look forward to.
The drummer seems depressed, remenbering when he used to have fun in the good old days.
'' and if you're thinking of me, I'm probably thinking of you "
Dead.
Because I crumble completely when you cry
Bravo por ellos y por su evolución 💙 Love you guys!!!!
Love this
OH MY GOD BRO I LOVE EVERYTHING AND EVRFYONE
Modern day Beatles
yet again another slay from the boys! love them!
they don't miss
😌🎧
they're so insanely talented???
Esta cancion me provoca un sentimiento de alegría y melancolía a la vez
Meh
Damn, this was amazing 👏🏼🔥
SLAY
Bowie-esque
that's just brilliant!
Excelente 😎
Does Alex have a new guitar???
Bro alex pake almet ugm
Long life Arctic Monkeys, so glad of living in the same era as them in the same evolution also, it's a huge privilege, love them so fuckin much ✨
Best band ever❤
Jeez, I was never a huge Monkeys fan but this is bloody good. It has a nostalgic sound 🥲 It really reminds me of a band and a time that I can't quite put my finger on!
you can really connect alex’s songwriting between tbhc and everything you’ve come to expect it’s incredible!! just amazing growth and insane pure talent
living for this
Pirus nas b
Seru euy sukabumi punya ... https://youtu.be/FkAbZrqvvjQ
it’s giving bohemian rhapsody for me (i love queen so it’s not shade). i love this band so much 🖤🥺
this is a piece of art.
SCREAMING CRYING THROWING UP
Felt the vocals on the studio version were too forced, but every live performance of this tune has been sublime.
benimkiler
They still haven't released a song quite like the first 2 albums they were just a different class RIP old arctic monkeys
La voz de Alex está de ptm
🤍
I like the arctic monkeys but the singer has diva written all over him
Okay so I’ve listened to “There’d better be a Mirrorball” but this? Wow, you’ve done us good AM, I already have no regrets on pre-ordering the album!
OH MY GOD
Man they really should have brought in a couple of string players. Really would have made the performance reach peak!
Perrisima  canción de lo mejor que le escuche a ALEX, de verdad me encanta (aunque el sonido es The last shadow puppets) ÉL como líder se apoderó del sonido de los monos...... lo siento por la BESTIA que ha quedado limitado por los gustos de ALEX
Vocals are great here. He's in top form. Why does he sing like he's being sarcastic in the album version?
Ojalá que en noviembre en Mexico se toquen este pedazo de rola 🖤🇲🇽
Дякую  від фанатів з України! 🇺🇦🇺🇦🇺🇦
Unbelievably good stuff from a band that never disappoint ❤❤
My favorite band of all time, seeing Alex mature like a fine wine haha
His voice man
What a brilliant song!
4:09 has got to be the sharpest glasses push up of all time.
funky and cool
GOATs!!!!
Alex and Jamie guitar interaction is what I live for
See they are so cool at the stage and they esp Alex try to make it lively so Idk why they would say they sound unfestive live. They clearly dont know them.
Slow claps for this masterpiece 👏👏👏
AMISTVIS VCXOVROB
OMG I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS
Rare seeing him with an Epiphone
I’m blessed
I love this song omg
Did we all forget how to make music, yeessh
Poor Jamie
😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨
I SWEAR TO GOD
This song gets better every time I hear it
Great performance
What a song!!! I could't see it live but I'm here as soon as possible. Sounds soo good, can't wait for the new album.
Bowie
LEGENDSSS🙇‍♀️
So glad they’re back, this song is so beautiful. Love you AM
My favorite band of all time!
¡es hermoso! <3
so so so amazing god i love them
The car va a ser uno de mis álbumes favoritos si. Duda alguna
Los amo chicos este estilo está perfecto no cambia su esencia
So much better live than the studio version
kusursuz bi adam.
🥺
Volvieron a hacer la misma canción otra vez 😴💤💤💤
I can’t wait to hear the rest of the album!
they did really well also WHY TF ALEX BE LOOKING SO FREAKING GOOD HERE LIKE BRO 🙇🏻‍♀️
I like these vocals a lot better. As much I love everything about this track, I despise how claustrophobic those vocals feel. Same as in the tittle track for Tbh&c
meh
this is incredible i love their newer work
Mrctic aonkeys
alex, leyenda.
acontecimiento <3
im so in love with song and its only been out a few hours
✧*｡٩(ˊᗜˋ*)و✧*｡
I like it a lot with the piano instead of the strings, sounds even better
All hail to our King Alex🙏 we mere mortals don't deserve this man and band.
Esperen ¿el que toca el piano es de mini mansion?
No.
They are freaking awesome ❤
❤‍🔥❤‍🔥❤‍🔥
I love it …
3:10 chills, literal chills
This song almost has a Beatles vibe to it, love it
me gusta más ésta versión que la de estudioo
The boys are back 😭😭😭 I love it
If eycte and tbhc have a baby
Me encanta todooooooo❤️
💜💜💜💜
Last Shadow Monkeys… not the same as they used to be 😢
when i heard this at first in the studio version i thought it was nice but i liked tbbam best... this sounds amazing and completely changed my mind! the album is gonna be awesome
This is real music!! Incredible performance!!
from middle school to the ending of my college career, arctic monkeys has always been a place that i can fall back on and feel okay. cheers to another album!
You dont have an idea how much I love you ❤
Love them so much, their sound have always been evolving, can’t wait for them to go for 1890s sound.
damn, they sound better live
body paint mia alex te quiero
Wow this band playing so good,  larga vida a los monos congelados
los amo tanto:(
how does this version give such a different feel from the studio one howw
Zzzzzzzz.zzzzzzzZzZzzzzzZzzzzzzZZzzz
Okay, I think I am too old for this. This man is up against many decades of music. But you go guy. My problem is I got so many genres and styles of music in my head. Starting in the late 50's through now.    But that's how the brain often works. Earlier, similar comes first.
wishing this version was on spotify, it's soo goood
he loves that microphone
This is the most passionate performance Alex has put forth for a long time. Glad the new album is coming soon
They sound amazing 😻
Can't wait for the album!!!
SO GOOD AODKDSOAODA
🤍🤍🤍
I cant believe this is actually happening
Reminds me of a track off the black keys turn blue album.  Pretty good.
Amazing  wow !
I miss the old arctic monkeys, this stuff is not it
There'd Better Be a Mirrorball is so wonderful. When I hear the studio version of Body Paint yesterday, I just was not at all impressed (just my opinion) but then I hear this live version and I can hear what they hear. This was a brilliant performance that isn't captured well in the studio version.
Give it up for ✨Arctic Monkeys ✨
Being a fan means you need to embrace any changes
Damn near a ballad. C'mon man. 1 of the few rock groups we got left. Rock out bruv!
well. i guess i;ll never stop talking about this
Los amaré toda la vida monos!
😢😢❤
Anyone knows what guitar he's using? (Brand/model ) also he's playing with no pick for a few songs, he does that for the entire shows now ?
So happy that they are on the show 💚💚💚💜💜💗💗💗💙💙
I PROBABLY THINKING OF YOUH
Something I noticed is that Alex isn't playing with a pick when I'm pretty sure he's always played with a pick before
AAAAAAAA
OS MAIS LINDOS E TALENTOSOS DO MUNDO
Do they not have a producer anymore? What is this? Freaking Brainstorm this.
Pronto nos veremos
Teve Bowie, Beatles e Arctic Monkeys. Muito bom!
Makes me wonder why Alex isn't using a pick
Am I tripping or does he look like joe kerry
❤️❤️❤️❤️
looooooove this
I LOVE THEM
This song>>
I can already tell that this album is going to be my favorite
Ugh, I just love it!
They're my everything, how far they've come, makes me so proud, best band ever 🌟
Yes.
ARCTIC MONKEYS!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍💜💜💜💜😘😘😘😘
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSSS
For some, this might be just another rock band performing. But for some of us, they are the reason for our sanity. We delve deep into the world that the monkeys web for us. That's where I want to stay for the rest of my life . AM forever🖤
Un privilegio vivir en este lapso de la historia de la humanidad en donde existe Arctic Monkeys.
oh mi diooosss que hermoso suena 😍❤️❤️❤️
I can perceive a different essence from Alex, something changed, and his aura is deeper as always but there's something different and I cannot tell what it is. Happier, maybe?
Sooooo Good!
Absolutely, fucking, brilliant
these guys save my life whenever they release anything
Jesus Christ
love it too much idk what to say
Pelos de punta y lloro incluido, me ha emocionado el entusiasmo con el que han tocado los últimos minutos
🟠 perfect trump song
They been killing it for so long
Y solo quería ser uno de los strokes, véanlo siendo líder y vocalista de una de las mejores bandas del siglo XXI
"Body Paint"  For a master of deception and subterfuge You've made yourself quite the bed, to lie in Do your time traveling through the tanning booth So you don't let the sun catch you crying  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  My teeth are beating and my knees are weak It's as if there's something up with the wiring You can poke your head behind the mountain peak It don't have to mean that you've gone into hiding  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  I'm watching your every move I feel the tears are coming on It won't be long It won't be long  Straight from the cover shoot There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face And I'm keeping on my costume And calling it a writing tool And if you're thinking of me I'm probably thinking of you  There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face So predictable, I know what you're thinking Ooh, hah, yeah
I've never seen such flawless performance in my life.
best band ever
2:40 what I love the most is the crowd clapping and amazed for hearing the ending for the first time ❤️❤️❤️❤️
A mi, a contrario de los nostálgicos, me encanta que cada álbum sea una historia diferente, con nuevos sonidos y nuevas ideas, que aburrimiento una banda o artista que haga lo mismo siempre, reinventarse no solo es bueno, es necesario
Arctic Monkeys you will always be famous
SLAY ALEX
I hear Beatles and bowie, love it :)
shocked pikachu face
nos vemos el 19 de noviembre, monos
It's even so much better in live!!!! I'm so obsessed with them 😢
Que hermoso Canta Alex turner en si Arctic Monkeys  están a otro nivel de composición  y de Líricas producción ing de audio y mezcla etc. Cómo amo esta banda son unos genios.
holy
Joder, es indescriptible lo que siento con esta presentación.  Larga vida a los monitos.
Welcome back guys!! Looking better than ever
Amazing
a new David Bowie 🤑
Me recuerda a bohemian rhapsody........
When we need the most the came back with this masterpiece of there'd be a mirrorball and Body paint
Envejecen como el vino estos chavos ❤ , te amo Alex turner
See you in Mexico 🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
Nope.
They ged just like wine
I love all The bass,The guitars, piano and the version studio the orchestral strings  I can fee it  "THE CAR GONNA BE LIKE ONE OF THEIR BEST ALBUMS" With TBH&C and Humbug and FWN
omg the album is gonna kill us all
For a master of deception and subterfuge You've made yourself quite the bed to lie in Do your time travelling through the tanning booth So you don’t let the sun catch you crying  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  My teeth are beating and my knees are weak It's as if there’s something up with the wiring You can poke your head behind the mountain peak Don't have to mean that you've gone into hiding  So predictable, I know what you're thinking  I'm watching your every move I feel the tears are coming on It won't be long It won't be long Straight from the cover shoot Still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face And I'm keeping on my costume And calling it a writing tool And if you’re thinking of me I’m probably thinking of you  [Instrumental Break]  There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There’s still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face There's still a trace of body paint On your legs and on your arms and on your face
I am watching it with a stupid smile on my face! It's phenomenal!!! I can't wait to listen to this song live on tour!
💜✨
Hoy la música acaba de resucitar 🤌🏼
😍😍😍😍😍💕💕💕💕
DIOOOSSSSSS🤩🤩🤩🤩
Donde es Arctic monkeys y radio head de mis bandas favoritas
Fckn masterpiece. I can hear bit of Bowie here, but at the end, it's Alex and his own way.
OH MY GOD
Pure art only.
so fuckin good
What a song!!!! Love it ❤️👏👏
yes
Señor alex, penetreme
arctic monkeys is THE band
Pinche obra de arte
🥹🤤
👏🖤
SIUUUUUUUUU
GOODDD
Están en constante reinventacion de su música, que bien han madurado su sonido ofreciendonos nuevos enfoques.
I was so sure it'd be body paint!!! Lovely performance 😍😍😍
The new album are incredible, I know 🔥
The alex turner's performance is always a great moment!
I can’t wait for the rest of the album! I already know I’m gonna love it!
Así es como te reciben en el cielo
they never miss 🤍
Es que joder, Arctic Monkeys.
❤
This song has a little bit of everything that they did in the past albums and it fits perfectly. Thank you for existing, Arctic Monkeys!
WHAT A PERFORMANCE
i’m honestly glad i went to their show at the Kings Theater last week and they played this song also and it was amazing especially Alex’s guitar solo
Ya falta poco para verlos en Perú 😎 lml
Tremendooo
los amo con el alma loco
The falsetto is just- ahhhhhhh
I can’t get enough omg.
Kings Theatre performance sounds kinda better for me
fiuuuumba
If Rock still alive is thanks to this legends
Beautiful. yes.
Im deceased
The new album can't come quick enough! This and Mirrorball have both been incredible
THE PERFECTION OF ALL WORLD ❤️❤️
Mucho mejor que la versión de estudio:)
Ésta es la banda que mejor ha sabido envejecer de los 2000's hacia acá, talento puro.
sounds exactly like a studio version. i’m in love with that song!!
mind blowing!
Esta canción cura el cáncer ❤
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I saw it live on tv it was so magical & majestic I sobbed
Gosh my man is perfect
masterpiece 🚬
What kind of deal with the devil did Fallon make to get them to do this
HERMOSO, SUBLIME, ARTE, BELLEZA
Here before the million views
Al voice, al clothing 🥵🤌🏻
Woah I'm early. Looking forward to the album
Like shit a little more spunky from them, not some sort of ballad... that's what Morrissey is for.
amazing oh my god
It's as beautiful as I imagined🖤
forever iconic
OMFGGG
they sound better in their live performances than in studio version i swear man
his voice just gets better
SO PREDICTABLE I KNOOOOOWWW
pobre jamie jjaajaja se ve raro sin hacer nada :(
There’s Brilliance & There’s This
🙉🔥❤
THE KINGS ARE BACK LADIES AND GENTLEMEN!! 👑
Amazing song, love you monkeys ❤
My boys are amazing 🥰❤️❤️
Hermosos ARCTIC MONKEYS 🇲🇽❤️
It's amazing what a truck load of coke can do lol
The music won today!!
Te amo artimonki
The Greatest Band of The 21st Century
🤍
Great band, Great song, Just Arctic Monkeys ladies and gentlemen
Oh hell yeah, welcome back fellas
BEST SONG TO BE RELEASED TILL NOW
ALEX TURNERR😩😍❤️‍🔥
Stunning!
!! I just love and adore this band, they never cease to amaze me, I'm looking forward to the new album this October 21st!!!!
SUNGLASSES INDOORS <3
Holy Christ!!! I didn't expect to like this track so much,,,, from garage rock to this masterpiece,  they really are evolving,,,,Alex , my man, never die please
This is music🚬
yayy I was waiting for this 🥵
So good.
a perfect live performance
Te amo alex
This song it's so gooood, a calm part + interlude + 70's rock part with great guitar
Alex Turner. The man still got that swagger.
Beautiful
I WAS HERE !!!
🇵🇪👍
Alex turner... The best singer ever Arctic monkeys... The best band ever  Just perfect!!!! 🇧🇷💙
To the person reading this, even though I don't know you. I wish you the best of what life has to offer 🙏 🤗❤️
Alex has got his best haircut!
❤❤❤❤❤
revivio la musica
What a band.
First
