8:08 - If you go to the "Face Unlock" settings, there's a "Skip lock screen" setting. When turned on, you don't have to interact with the device to unlock it 8:15 - if you go to the "Lock screen" settings, there's a "Always show time and info" setting (aka always on display). When turned on, you don't have to wake the device to use the fingerprint reader 8:22 - On the "Lock screen" settings, there's a "Lift to check phone" setting that needs to be turned on which may not be on by default
I’m considering switching from iPhone I have had a six ass to a 11 Pro and I would say one of the primary reasons is the dictation on now pixel it is superbly better even now is comment I’m using dictation and it is just terrible. Unfortunately I will probably lose my Notes app as well as my photo library that I have been offloading to my MacBook, overall I feel like I wanna try something different. I’m not so concerned about the camera quality phone that lost time with battery. It’s mostly about the AI features and making it customizable that’s bringing ppl back
10,50 samsung galaxy note 9
If you don't understand the need for daily updates for seven years you do understand what a piece of crap this is , just buy a camera and a cheaper phone anything works better than this over rated piece of crap
Telephoto lens works better when you actually zoom into something far away. It's really good. I can read some random small texts that is at least 20m far away from me.
real conclusion on throttling would be nice. just as reception quality.  the important things ppl complain about 8 pro
More like demeaning the pixel the whole time
Great video!  I upgraded from the Pixel 7a to the Pixel 8 Pro after watching your video!  How do you feel about the cameras on your Pixel 8 Pro?  I got the refurbished one, and it is in excellent condition, I paid under the cost of the new Pixel 9a.
the seven years of update would be a great way to introduce new users through older hardware just like what apple does with their iPhones. with a battery replacement, an old pixel could be kicking once more. the problem with this approach is that google will no longer earn with this market. well, at least pixels are in more hands.
Test speakers after break in period. Phone and tablet speakers are no different from hifi speakers in that sense.
The dumbest reviewer ever
ahhahahaah all the time you try to find some fault on the phone,I just switch from iPhone to pixel 8 pro and its amazing,especially with video editing...
why bother, test the damn thing, show us photo comparisons , what the hell are you doing ? or do you just like listening to yourself talk.
I hate mine, going back to Samsung asap.
I'm still using the RealMe1, apart from the unexpected out of the void crack that happened when I placed my phone of the ground to take a photo nothing is wrong with the hardware. The software however is having issues: 1. the keyboard hands with YT app, 2. many important apps dont' work with android 9, 3. banking app repeatedly warn about certificate or outdates android, 4. gps stops working if I open the camera app while in use by maps or anything else that uses GPS but works perfectly if I don't open the camera [cannot take pictures when using navigation] 5. missing out of many conveniences like fingerprint unlock and identity verification.
I've had a pixel 3a for 8 years...
I love this video. Thanks for telling the truth.
End of October/Early November 2024   I've been using a pixel 6a for a few years now and they are basically giving the 8 away.  So why not?  It'll be nice
I thought my 8 Pro camera bump was big until I got 9 Pro XL. Not a problem tho for me
15:12 I was on a work trip and felt very awful suddenly. I had just purchased my pixel 8 pro, remembered the thermometer from this video and used it. I checked my temperature and confirmed it was 108.6°F. I was having a heat stroke.   So thanks for that, it may well have saved my life.
O.A😂
My only gripe with the pixel 8 is I can't organize the apps in the app menu
i got the pixel 8 pro 256gb only because you can put graphene os on it and the big battery. i can go 5-7 days without charging with my normal use.
I switched from the Pixel 6 Pro to the Pixel 8 Pro. I really dont like the 8 much. The battery is smaller and has noticeably worse life, and the screen is smaller. Apart from that, the canera is maginally better but nothing massive.
What is the advantage of a glass back? I crack them within weeks due to having a physical job. Just leaning against a workbench is enough to crack them. All my plastic backed phones never broke.
Phone 6s managed 56C and Im using it.
Hello median
Hhhhh the weather here in Adrar Algeria reaches 65 degrees Celsius and we are not burned 🥵
100% agree with your sizing comment at the end. Why don't they just have: small cheap, small expensive, big cheap, big expensive.
As an iPhone user, let’s not knock the camera bar the pixel has. The alternative with iPhone is a wobbly experience on a table.  Camera bumps ruin the experience on a table and it’s a far worse problem than sharpness with symmetry.
10:59 just tried this double click to switch camera on my S23 and it works 😂 I learn something new
You weren't driving a phone. My hard R bro
Pixel 8 legit has one of the slickest phone designs I've ever seen. Too bad Pixel phones still suck in terms of thermal management, battery life and lackluster performance.
Whatever Linus .. drama for views.
I have never once had a heat problem  Could be I bought the 8pro after all the bugs were sorted out. Everything works fine for me
Even the Pixel 2 showed you that you were level when taking a picture. I don't take many pictures so it's kind of useless to be honest.
Today in June 7th 2024 I still use PlusOne 6 (Release date May 2018) so it is 6 years. It works OK. Only battery doesn't last full day with heavy use and charging cable is falling apart. I have to limit myself not to play games or binge-watch YouTube on it. When used only for calling, texting, reading and taking few photos, then it lasts till bedtime.
Had the pixel 4 for years and loved it. Accidentially jumped in the pool with it and killed it recently. Obviously I wasn't planning on getting a new phone so I hadn't prepared and as you might expect I  was very worried. Got the pixel 8 pro and it pulled a backup from 16 hours earlier and it grabbed all the app data, screen layout, and all. It installed everyting in like 30 minutes and it was like I never lost my old phone. The backup process google employs really is a huge benefit to this phone.
Twist it clockwise and counter clockwise like twice and it'll switch cameras
I have the fold 5 and having the fingerprint scanner on the power button is 100% accurate.
Tip: u need to set Always on display mode to open with fingerprint will in sleep mode
11:04 I've never seen an android phone within the last 10 years that can't display when the camera is level. Even my crappy £80 Moto G4 could do it. If the phone has an accelerometer, which most do, the levelling system is gonna be there.
Upgraded to a Pixel 8 from a Samsung A32 very very pleased with the purchase.
05:03 that was like 2006, charge at night😂. Your phone will last all day, because you wouldn't be on youtube, and facebook and twitter etc.
What I'm looking for in a review is first and foremost the home screen, apps that can't be uninstalled, "forced features", etc. No review I've watched so far has covered any of this
Me when I hit a blinker: 1:08
Why does this background music seems familiar 💀💀
I'd say a Samsung S22 SnapDragon would beat a Pixel 8.
Most Google apps routinely crash on Pixel phones. Also since they don't have MicroSD cards they should offer more storage with 256gb a minimum and 512gb should be midrange.
Maybe review the device instead of rambling for so long.
Stop Google from implementing Forced Arbitration on their Terms of Services
It's a really good phone, if not as polished as an iPhone or Samsung galaxy phone
The Pro feature set in the smaller 8 size would be perfect.  The Pro is too big for anyone that doesn't have unusually big hands.  And the 8 is second rate for small hand people. 😢 Therefore, Google says normal and small hands are second rate people. 😢
Who the hell carries a phone without a case anyways
Google please step up tour processor and market. I'll definitely buy them, and a lot more others too
How does she know all this
You use the phone for 4 years and give it then to your child or patents knowing security updates are coming. I used my iphones for around 5 years.
Tensor is not worth for more than a year for battery
I'm watching this knowing i can't get it because I'm broke
i don't want to touch it, i have my own lol
You jokes a lot.
His reviews are biased trash.
Regarding Google's 7 years of OS and security update support on pixel's 8 and 8 pro, while this doesn't hurt, it's also not what it's cracked up to be either since after 4 years the hardware will have become too outdated to take advantage of further OS and security updates. Remember, those 7 years of OS and security updates do not update the hardware.
But how bout the screen scratching?
Pixel 8 pro sucks, doesn't work with Ford sync, can't cast to any of my 5 tvs, camera isn't as good as my S22 Ultra
So I was always an android boy but I got an iPhone 13 pro in 2021 just to see what the other side is like and I'm ready to go back to Android (I'll miss airtags and iMessage though) is this the phone to take me back? I use it for calls/texts, Netflix, youtube and plex and a little steam/PS4 game streaming but I mainly do that on our iPad.  I don't want a Samsung as I don't need their bloat... and I am in Australia so not all phones are easily available to me.  I loved my Pixel 4 XP which is what I had before getting the iphone.
As a user, I think comparatively the Pixel 7 Pro is better compared to the 8 Pro. The camera is almost the same. Both those phones have their strong areas in terms of the camera. But considering everything it is a little cheaper and also you will get almost the same experience through the Pixel 7 Pro. If you are an Android person like me, obviously the Samsung S series (S22 and upwards) and the Pixels (Pixel 6 and upwards) are your premium and better-performing options in my experience.
I just got my Pixel 8 Pro 3 days ago. I will use this phone until it can no longer turn on. Its an amazing phone
Smart switch has backed all of thd phone up for years including home screen layout
dude my o Pixel6 so fk hot in this season
As a person with dry wrinkly hands where the skin is constantly cracking and peeling, the finger scan has never been a feature I could use.
Not a pixel fan. The ones i had were junk. Samsung and Motorola are for me.
dude have some respect for your sponsor...
I have 2 pixel 8s the connectivity is so bad and its not my carrier . I'm on on EE UK which they have told me they are having so many issues with the pixel 8s
wow, this is probably the most detailed comparison I've seen, thank you for that
" I can see that getting caught on your pocket" - what kind of heathen isn't using a case?
Fly in ointment moment. Everyone uses a case. That is like putting a jacket on. Why not test in practical terms. That influences heat and battery drain in a big way.
i have a 7 pro. for me the annoyance is with Android OS, the basic essentials like phone by google, texting app, keyboard app are complete garbage. call quality is bad and the random bugs as well. due to this i regret ever getting a 7 pro.
it has the most beautiful camerabump. Not as ugly as these lost Iphone buttons.
All these reviewers nitpick on the most obscure things that 95% of us will never care about. Where are the real world guys doing reviews?
you guys married?
He calls it a camera bump. I call it a finger rest when holding the phone with one hand. Complaining about that is not a complaint to be had. That's just a reviewer who's completely disconnected from the phone he's reviewing.
You're going to put it in a case so who cares if the camera sticks out.
Watching this on my pixel 2xl
seems like he really likes his job hahaha at least genuine, and i agree unlocking phone is important cause you do it 8x per day
The are the best phones simply because you can install custom is such as calyxos
He’s high.
damn it Google... I was really hoping you would save me from Samsung. I dont want to buy a Flip or Fold and those are the only route from a Note 20 ultra. But the 8 Pro is too big and Linus's complaints about the gloss edge are right on. Make us an 8 pro in smaller form factor with matte edges.
Really, the Pixels is one of a few phones (or line of phones) I'd be comfortable with using for 4 or 5, maybe even 6 years. Who knows, 7 years might be doable. I'll keep you posted. 😋
I really dislike that green grey color. It reminds me of hospitals or old medical equipment somehow.
Before this video I've never even thought about the camera bump being cumbersome or getting in the way.
You can twist the phone to go between front and back camera
Google needs to make their pro lineup in the smaller size aswell this whole idea of bigger phone should be better is dumb
The phone will more than likely be in a case, no issue with the camera lip.
Fun fact. I own a 8 pro. I just broke the screen. It costs 500$ just for the part
I went from Pixel 2XL to Pixel 6 Pro, with the promise of the 5 years of security updates blah blah.. Barely over 2 years owning the 6 Pro and the SIM reader is dead, effectively making it a small tablet. (even my provider is confused, the eSIM isn't working either) Meanwhile, my 2XL is coming in clutch with the cell connectivity and hot-spotting, while I ponder purchasing another Tensor device and risk the whole thing happening again. I've already seen mentions online of Pixel 7/8 having the same SIM issues.. Screwing up basic stuff like cellular connectivity, while focusing too much on cameras, is sadly souring my Nexus/Pixel lineage.
So bad mouthed it from the get go,..how much did Apple pay you for this one?
I picked the google 6a about 2 years ago.  I ended up upgrading to the iPhone 15 256. It’s about the same size as the pixel 6a. Things I will miss from the pixel is the music feature and the call screening . If google could make the software apps more premier. The apps like the messaging app needs an overhaul. I think Apple nailed the keyboard out of the gate . When you price your phone at the same cost of an iPhone people are just going to buy an iPhone.
Got to enable tap to wake.
1:05: who tf puts their phone in the pocket like thar lmao
I wish I would have, lidsr or makro lense
I just bought a pixel 8 and have been using a pixel 2 since it came out lol. I put that thing through hell and it's still running good enough lol. I think I'll be happy with the longevity of the pixel 8.
That's what happens when you make a review with a bias.
Most of the stuff uou complain about is either subjective or a setting. Esprcially at the begining...you have to set it to wake-on-touch on the lock screen, and I find that annoying (but you expected it)--It's off by default. The camera bump/bar makes holding the phone in portrait much easy as you canrest your fingers on it, also doesn't "wobble if you try to type on a flat surface. Yes, you have to download the awesome AI photo editing suite after unboxing--it is awesome. They said the thermometer isn't ready for bio-temp readings just yet, software update pending...I have no "delay issues either with the fingerprint or camera on my 8 pro, at all and I could not recreate the sticking effect...I thought I saw it once, but on playback it was smooth...To each their own, have fun answering spam / junk calls on your Samsung, or not being able to have AI make reservations, hold on the phone, etc... just the call screening & AI features and audio quality on the call are miles above any competitor. Also distortion on max volume? I didn't even hear it in your video, replayed the section twice? How much did Samsung pay you for this review?
Was about to buy a pixel but 5g not supported in most countries. No thanks!
Set the screen to always on, its super fast.  And the bump you'll never notice as its in a case
That gigantic camera mountain is distracting and ugly. We were excited as my GF just got the P8P, but that was a horrible first impression for us, and is much bigger in real life than it looks on the vids. After using it for almost a month, I am not impressed with this device. But as sort of a disclaimer, I use a S23U with Nova Prime and Goodlock. So that kind of ruins me for any other phones right now. She still seems to like it, but not as much as before we actually got it, and there are discussions about returning it.
I also got the pixel 8 pro!
As a Pixel 7 Pro user, the camera bump is a tad weird to get used to. Compared to my S22 Ultra, I would rather the bad because of the durability of it. Also, phone reviews are a nice trend, keep doing it please!
Does anyone's battery drain quickly ?
This guy sounds like he hates everything. Even the sponsor lol
The more I watch these reviews, the more I realize those "tech reviewers" have no idea what the fuck they are doing.
What do you think about the vivo x100 pro vx the pixel 8 pro?
Anyone know how to transfer the home screen layout? I really can't figure it out
Seriously, almost a 2 minute segment on dbrand? Bye.
This phone is so bad just measly 2 months later that there's no scenario where it will be worth more than paper weight in 7 years. It's wild that MKB called it a phone of the year.
10:29 What in the world happened to Linus? Dissing his sponsors. LOL!! I guess that's what eventually happens when you become a big name.😅
Haha. I had to make a double take to see when this video was made. Linus end of 2023 discovering that 5x optical zooms make better pictures than digital zooming on an old phone is as hilarious as the fact that he obviously has never used a stabilized tele eons (13:39). I thought I was watching a video from 2017 or something....
Smoothest transitions between topics, love how you do them!
Delphi got his edges in the background pretty funny
Why does this guy act like an alien toddler
I had an older pixel model and was prone to breaking, from screen to sensors....just one thing after another. Out the box, yes it's a great phone. Not interested in x years of security updates if it means x years maintenance fees. Google generally makes a more user friendly android experience but it's not enough. Just looking at it, phone looks fragile, the camera band makes it look toyish.
Tell me you hate pixel without telling me you hate pixel
Been a while and do love my Pixel 3 that I'm still rockin but would like those cameras so it's time to upgrade.
the 7 years of support, makes it appealing for selling it later. it won't be obsolete. it can be passed down to your kids, or parents, etc. all of these are money-savers.
You gotta turn on the AOD for the fingerprint login to always be ready. Otherwise, pick it up for it to light up then you can unlock. User error right there Linus
Can you show me that magnet grip again?😂
This guy's clueless 🤣
10:26 Watch that in 2x 😂😂😂😂
Video recording stuttering, navigation button or gestures navigation both legging , wifi connectivity problems, blurry video in action mode , worst experience, its very smart but can't do basic things 😖
Ive been buying every Pixel since the Nexus times and i still love them.
And then there`s the december-update!
Ugly, poor hardware and crazily OVERPRICED, no thanks there are way better and cheaper phones out there
omg the thumb unlock was cringe. maybe if u knew how it worked u can have an actually comparison. but otherwise great video.
What's going on, Linus? It seems like something has changed. Your recent videos give off the impression that you're treating this subject matter as if it's a joke... I'm going to use the title you used for iPhone 15... Son, I am disappoint...Pro...
You can enabled the twisting gesture to switch to the seflie camera and back
Enable AOD so the fingerprint scanner is always ready. 🤦🏼‍♂️
Cringe
I bought a 6a as a backup phone f on my S22 ultra. Fell in love. Ditched Samsung everything for Google stuff. Love my Pixel 8. Way better battery life than my Samsung stuff ever had. I have no complaints on my Pixel 8. Fast fingerprint scanner even with a TPU screen cover it's still amazing. Face recognition is decently quick if I don't think to put my finger on the screen. It's fast at everything. They improve it every few weeks it seems like. Photos are pretty decent. I don't need an insane camera.
2:28 OMG
I love my Pixel 8 Pro, and I wouldn't be caught dead with an iPhone. I wish these reviewers would stop trying to find flaws with this phone. First, Mr. Mobile, and now him.
After my current pixel 7 pro I will never buy another Google phone. The bugs are huge. The camera is amazing when  it works which unfortunately is not that often. My wife has the same phone and hers is fine.
my phones last 5-8 years so good news for me this is an upgrade from an iphone 6 for me so i like it. the phone not coming with a proper charger is a madness
SHAKE the phone to switch to front facing camera 📸  🤦🏻
You make a big deal about the phone bezel. I almost didn't buy a pixel8P because of that feature but I noticed when I held the phone the camera bar immediately acted as a really nice edge for my fingers to hold the phone. The overall size would be more unwieldy without the camera bar. The phone doesn't rock when tapped while on a table. The symmetry is nice. I hated those top corner cameras.
Its always nice to be reminded as to why a channel lost all credibility.
I just want a phone without a notch or punch out for the front facing camera I almost never use. Still rocking my OnePlus 7pro with the motorized front camera that comes out the top but unfortunately the screen has a lot of burn in because I drive all day with maps open. I would consider just getting the screen replaced but the phone hasn't gotten a security update in a full year now. Considering the Red magic 8s pro but I'm not thrilled about how square the edge is or the cooling fan gimmick. I'd rather have some ip rating. Guess I just wait another year and hope something decent comes out in 2024
I got a Pixel 8 on Black Friday, and I gotta say it does get warm easily. But for what it does and how it was designed, I believe it will survive.
second degree burns in 45 degree celsius. that's totally wrong.
I love my Pixel 8 Pro but I was upgrading from a five year old Pixel 4 XL. So, I didn't know what it was like to have a modern phone. I wish I would have upgraded sooner. This phone is incredible. Linus must have the daintiest little soft hands if the bump and warmth bothers him as much as he is making it seem.
Linus the thief! did he stolen those phones too? Google didn't sponsor him so he crap on the products
Why was he acting so sus to his sponsor?
Too sharp means not flatting enough lol "influencers"
Stop saying you can’t match the screen’s peak brightness. You don’t measure in HDR so you’re never going to.
I cant wait for 2025 ..when supposedly they will make their own chip 😊
He's a but rough with the phones, the way he puts them down on the desk, moving it around. Kinda savage and disrespectful
Haha Google tried to make finding the thermal sensor dummyproof but it didn't work😂
This guy acts like he is being paid just to give negative reviews. Dude first learn how to use a phone, then call yourself a reviewer.
oh wow LTT still make videos?
00:00:00 In this section, the reviewer discusses their initial impressions of the Google Pixel 8 and 8 Pro. They note the large camera bump on the back of the phone and question its practicality. The highlight of these devices is the new Tensor G3 processor, which offers strong gaming performance. The reviewer also mentions some key differences between the two devices, including hardware and software features. They appreciate the improved transfer wizard to easily move data from an old phone and are impressed by the bright and vibrant screens, especially on the 8 Pro. Battery life testing didn't show a significant advantage for the 8 Pro, despite its larger battery. Both phones have fast charging capabilities.  00:05:00 In this section, the reviewer discusses the gaming performance of the Google Pixel 8 Pro. They mention that it is a notable upgrade over the previous generation, with playable framerates and improved thermal management. However, they express concerns about the heat generated by the phone during gaming sessions, as it reached temperatures as high as 44°C. They also compare the fit and finish of the Pixel 8 and 8 Pro, expressing a preference for the matte finish of the Pixel 8. The review also touches on other features such as wireless charging, Wi-Fi 7, and the new Face Unlock biometric system. Overall, they feel that while the Pixel 8 Pro is better than its predecessor, it lacks innovation and outside-the-box thinking.  00:10:00 In this section of the video, the reviewer explores some of the features of the Google Pixel 8 Pro. They showcase various accessories such as a grip case and a charger, highlighting the convenience of the MagSafe feature. The reviewer also compares the camera capabilities of the Pixel 8 Pro to other phones, noting its impressive detail and advanced features like optical image stabilization. However, they do mention some issues with video recording and selfie camera sharpness. Overall, the Pixel 8 Pro seems to have a strong camera performance with a few minor drawbacks.  00:15:00 In this section, the speaker discusses the temperature measuring capabilities of the Google Pixel 8 Pro. They first test the device's temperature reading by measuring the temperature of a box, and compare it to a professional-grade thermal camera, finding it to be consistent. They then test their own skin temperature and find similar results. The speaker acknowledges that while the methods of measurement may be different, the consistency is noteworthy. They also mention the audio quality of the device, praising it as not the best, but still good. They conclude by expressing their desire for a smaller-sized version of the Pixel 8 Pro and highlighting the impressive camera capabilities.
One thing I noticed with the pixel 8 pro is that if you have anything else in your pocket with the phone, it's going to pull it out of your pocket
Hype?  Hype regarding a Google Pixel? Lol.  There is no hype.
What constitutes a professional phone user? Like that's their job?
I have a Pixel 3a. I would consider myself a light user. I keep the battery between 40% and 80% when I can, do not fast charge if I can avoid it.  After 3.5 years it has had 350 cycles on the battery and is slightly degraded (85% original capacity reported). I also only updating apps when I need to but still have issues with the more recent versions using more and more resources so certain apps running in the background will crash or unload, some apps have become slow to load. This has been my experience for the last 12 or so years going from the Moto X, MotoX3, Pixel 3a. I think at best I'll get another year out of it, so 4 years with this phone.
My pixel 6a died exactly after 1 year and one week and the service centre quoted me Rs 27,149 for the repair. Thats approximately the price of a new phone.
It was good one, " making it mountain out of small mountain" 😂
I have a 7, wondering if I should upgrade to 8 pro. Finding myself wanting a zoom.
“Maybe I’m making a mountain out of a… small mountain”
As someone using an iPhone X (6 years old) this is great for software support  Btw I don’t use a 6 year old device by choice lol
If u have the phone without a case u are a criminal so
Oh cmon, you buy a Pixel if you plan on running a costum ROM, since they are basically demonstration devices with publically available sourcecode. You dont wanna do that? Get a POCO. You sure you know what your doin Linux? Dissapointing....
Comparing phones is like reviewing movies.  Everyone likes what they like period.  iPhone is overrated..a tool for the self centered entitled types, Samsung just exists and everything else is a space filler.
That note 9 in your pocket: - just let me die maaaan.
I don't care how good this phone or any other phone is. If it does not come with a charger I am not going to buy it.
Camera band does have a pronounced edge, but tbh, it helps to hold the the phone with a pointer finger. Also, adding a case pretty much eliminates that gripe. Ehh, Linus just Linusing things, as usual.
The huge ass camera bump is why i bought a s23 over the pixel 8
"This review sounds like it's being done by a Samsung user"  *reads description*  "...oh"
15:50 you need to select what material you are trying to measure, this matters a lot because it compensates for the physical properties of the material.
I'll stick to my Samsung S23 this year.  Pixel 8 fingerprint sensor is still just Okay and HDMI over USB-C is software disabled for some reason.
I want premium features on smaller phones.  Make it so!
and do they even come with 7 years of updates 👀
Sorry but if someone's selfie looks ugly because the camera is too sharp, that ain't a camera problem.... 😅
For the temperature check you can adjust the type of material you will be measuring the temperature from
Just got my pixel 8 and am running GraphineOS on it. Love it.
FINALLY A POCKET TEST!!! No reviewers do this and they really should
Maybe im just being nostalgic but I miss the physical fingerprint reader on the back from my LG G5 or on the side from my Galaxy S10E. I don’t get why it has to be in the screen although it is performing worse.
I used to like this guy, but now I just think this guy is too out of focus. Too many jokes and not so much review. I wish he could be more serious and precise about what he is reviewing... Just enjoying now.
Behind screen thumb scanners suck, put them back on the power button, insanely fast and accurate.
10:55 My Note9 runs way faster than yours. Because I know it from top to bottom and thus make sure to utilize it's full potential or ways to keep it smooth and stable.
2:23 OTG reduction is for those who want to transfer data from older phone like with Micro USB and Lightning.. I dont get that many of u dont know it...
10:43 To switch lens on Pixel Phones you double rotate the wrist. (twist the phone sideways and lay it flat x 2  its a quick twitching motion)
I thought this dude was a tech expert,he can not even configure how the fingerprint works better on that simple phone 🤣🤣🤣
Hey, so i refunded my pixel 7 pro after the "sound button " litterly dropped of the my phone while being in my pocket without any reason, and a quick google search I'm far from alone as it was a common problem for the 7 pro, Question: does the 8 pro have the same design as 7 pro on the sound button?
linus beating the meat ouf of that pixel at 10:36 🥵🥵
U don't understand,, it's the software....
Face unlock is pathetic on 8 pro I feel only apple could crack the face unlock gimmick entirely.
Wish I could afford this
What is this video for? seems like a review, but then also just you checking the phone out haha. You are reviewing the phone before you even know how to use it....or even used it for a bit. It would be fine if you were just checking it out, but you are passing judgements on it, and comparing it other brands...very annoying when you don't know what you are talking about lol. Pointless video (unless you *want* to see a blind reaction to a phone?)
Huawei figured out rapid fingerprint and face unlock..... Everywhere company Including Samsung still struggle to get these features working properly.  I always believed the reason Huawei was vilified in the USA was because of the incredible progress it was making which challenged Apple and Samsung.
I just think the Pixel has a sweet aesthetic. I love the camera bump and the frosted glass in black. The big reason I want to switch to Pixel is the pure Google software since I exclusively use Google apps on my S22u. I hate the Samsung bloatware, and how it forces you to use, or at least keep installed, most Samsung apps whether you use them or not. Having two of every app is really dumb and gets messy as Hell when you are trying to save, sync, transfer and maintain information. The Pixel is obviously a downgrade in hardware, but the heavily simplified and intuitive UI might be worth it. I just care about refresh rate, brightness, battery life, and the practicality of the interface.
Here the vid is asking questions and the comment section is giving answers 😀😀😀
This is new for me: the sponsor part got me really interested
Just move to Iphone from Android and I'll never go back. Android is all gimmics.
I just switched from iphone to google pixal 8pro and i could not be happier. google is way better then iphone
Why ppl watched his review. He rude and not that funny. Why bother get sponser that keep harrasing them. He try to be the big hard guys. But this guys show arrogant. Just chill dude. What with the agresiveness.
They are atrocities on user. Ugly and with so many idiotic restrictions. This is not android anymore. Nothing is customizable. Just buy iphone 13 and every aspect will be better. Have pixel 6pro and never ever again. Everything !!! is awful.  Bought it coz of camera- much worse than iphone 11(videos)  Virtually no battery life in comparison to Chinese phones same price range(one day light use) Overheating a lot. Ugly as fff.. I mean both phone and Android 14. Hate launcher and this bleak colors. Google you did what apple couldn't for yrs. You made me consider buying iPhone 😂😂.  (If I won't find anything with miui)
I really didn't need to see how Linus cranks it during the phone case ad😂
How about overheating, slow charging and network connectivity problems?
LMFAO with an unlock like that you couldnt pay me to use that thing. Fanbois going to fanboi anyway tho.
i used my pixel 5a for 2 years cause of google fi and i pre ordered the pixel 8 pro i shall be using this for however long they do updates for it lol i also always buy a protective case cause like why wouldnt you?  All my pictures on the front facing camera are amazing looking ALSO the always on display on the 8 pro is there mine never goes to black even when i put it to sleep i can always tel lthe time and the fingerprint scanner is instant for me always face unlock usually gets there before i touch the screen so i dont worry about that anymore lol also i love that they can unlock my bank and other apps that use biometrics  also my battery life is pretty great way better than my old pixel 2xl and 5a its the best phone ive ever had tbh i dont like other android brands and i cant stand apple products only issue i have is that it does get a little hot but the 5a got hot reallllll quiick even when i just used my camera so its def an upgrade from that i can take a good ass 4k video and the phone wont get hot but if im playing a  game (which i dont do much phone gaming i just do small games) it got a little hot when i was on mobile data outside at work or something.  all in all its a wonderful phone with great AI features im paying monthly on it too cause i use google fi the temp sensor is useless lol
Who games on a phone..... if you are one. Get a pc!
The gloss vs matt finish is something people have been crying for google to fix for a LONG time.
Perfect example of "Confident Dumb User" testing of the phone.
PS... I did not finish watching your review.
You are trying way, way, way too hard to sound cleaver, just do a good review and stop putting all your personal baggage into the review.
Is there anyway you can include performance of breath of the wild Yuzu Android in future videos?
I’m a google ambassador for a local phone store and with my discount from doing trainings I’m getting a 8pro for less than 100$!
Came across your video and just wow! I will save are re-watch later when I actually receive my 8 Pro phone in about 2 weeks from viewing this. I got a good promo price from my current carrier (Xfinity) and the 24-payment plan is less than Samsung (and I'd never get an iPhone!!) so once the phone arrives, I can either transfer my stuff from my current phone -- Samsung Galaxy A71 -- or return the Pro 8 and wait for a better phone later. Thanks.
You get close to a real review. Most spend boring moments comparing this gee gaw with that gee gaw. You do it too! But, when I want to know what this new thing can do that the old thing cannot, you spend at least a little time on it. DGaF about nits and hertz rates (unless I'm renting a car). The battery stuff - all phones have insufficient batteries. That's why most of us carry an external battery. So don't do anything but comment in passing if at all about the stuff which does not matter. And who the fluck cares about how the back feels?   You almost get to the meat of the issue in the camera review. Thank you. But ... How does its portrait photography compare to a similarly priced D(or mirrorless)SLR? Would I keep my old cheaper phone, say a Pix6, and invest new money in a Canon EOS R3? For example. This kind of guidance from a professional like you would be of very high value. Step it up!
I agree that a smaller pro is over due. I don't know why, out of Samsung Google and Apple, Apple is the only one who gets this. I don't want an obnoxiously large phone, I want the smaller one with the same features and capabilities as the bigger ones.
I held a Pixel 8 Pro yesterday, I don't like the they went back to a completely flat panel on the Pro, the slight edge on the 7 Pro just made it feel that much more premium to me. Then again I've been using top end Samsung phones for the last 5 years.
I really can't understand using a phone without a case. I went a week on the Pixel 8 pro with a case on order, not a great week. It's so uncomfortable, so slippery, so thin and hard to hold. It feels small and it's very insecure feeling holding the back with one hand and moving my thumb around to interact.   After putting a case on it was so much better with a soild grippy feel. Easy to pull out of my pocket and spin/flip it up wirh some fingers and my thumb. I can wrap my fingers around the other side for extra security and not touch the screen edge.
Nice review...but at min 10:35....hahaha wanker movements !!!
Finally a good review of the phone thank you Linus everyone else just reviewed the camera
I want more  james content!!
2:59 Samsung did it on my S23 Ultra when transferring from my iPhone
90% of users are going to have a case on the phone that mitigates the camera bump. I really don't think it's that big of an issue...I think the issue with phone reviews is there's so little innovation and new features these days, everyone has to be super nit-picky
Many people who take care of their stuff would use it for 7 years if they could.
Google lets you copy your home screen setup but you need a cable? I just log into my Google account and my Samsung account on a new samsung phone and once it syncs some stuff, boom, it's done
I've been really pleased with the Pixel after years of Notes, looking forward to trying the 8 series after they iron it out a bit
havent used a pixel since gen 5 .. Im still on a pixel xl. (origional first model)
11:00 shake the camera it switches to selfie 13:10 there's different options for stabilization that you can choose
Who puts the phone in their pocket like that. That's dvmb 💀
long circuit
Lol that's the most contemptuous ad I've ever seen in my life
never liked these phones, I've never seen anybody with a Pixel here.
pixel fanboys heavy in here. Everyone trying to make themselves feel better after spending big bucks😅
This guy still making videos?
Classic LTT cutting corners and reviewing things without knowledge of the device. The whole finger print reader section was so cringe.
That masturbation scene was just so wrong Linus😂
U either have a dud fingerprint reader or you didn't register your finger print correctly. Mine on my 8 Pro spanks that of my Samsung S21+.
Thank God for Flossy Carter.....This is a wimpy review!
I'm guessing your an iPhone champion from your review of these Pixel phones. Shame as I like your review style 🤷🏾‍♂️
You're being a little unfair. Google has explained that your not supposed to use the temperature sensor on your skin since it's still in development and inaccurate. That doesn't mean the whole feature is garbage
There is no way that a pixel phone last 7 years, I was barley able to get one to make it over a year. I broke 4 pixel 5as trying because I liked that phone so much, they all broke.
I always love when companies say "this is the best X we've put on a device/phone"... like yeah it's the newest model I would hope it's the best.. I am an iPhone person and Apple is notorious for this lol
Still on a 4a. I hate the in-screen fingerprint reader.... Was a rear or side one broke? I have to look at the phone to see where to put my finger, then double triple quadruple check to see if it read it .. or on the 4a, just feel it and done!! In also not giving up my headphone jack!!!! Still using it in the Ram 2500, the ol jeep Cherokee, the home theater, oh and yeah my headphones that never need recharging!!!
Went from 6 Pro to 8 Pro. Very happy, this is a true flagship now and so far none of the fairly regular little irritations from the othwerwise pretty good 6Pro. I like the notably boosted ultra wide for real estate photography. Gonna be comparing with my Nikon DSLR, though the 10-20mm Nikkor lens serves beautifully
Pixe 7 for 400$ or Pixel 8 for 770$?
It's very funny how he talks about 44° being pretty high and brushes of 43° on Iphone 15prox max like it's nothing. Forget every other small hypocritical acts here and there. That's peak bias.
0:03 fin.
Always on dislay beeds to be on for the thunb print scanners to work. But in fairness to Linus always on display and lift to wake should be on by default.
It should have been an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor, integrated in the power button or a sensor placed on the back. The optical solution is not very good and slow. My old Huawei P10 lite is much quicker.
The perfect phone. Far ahead of any Samsung .
Where is the labs team to explain the inaccurate use of the flir camera?
FX 3 i see
I got the 8pro yesterday and ngl...love it
Nice review, totally honest review, thanks.  Funny, when you did the sponsor promo, it sounded like Travis Miles from Fallout 4. 😂
You call this a review? This is just mostly on the spot regular testing by Linus
5:50 I guess the problem would be when someone falls asleep while holding the phone and playing a game, which I assume happens a lot
I've been using my Pixel 2 since 2018. It still works fine. Although i am planning to replace it with the version 8. It's time for my Pixel 2 to rest.
I wish they would ditch the USB-C and just have wireless charging. I'd like to see them get rid of all ports including the sim slot.
can I buy that phone without the supid camera and the bump???
Having a pro. I hate it. Its a decent phone thats let down hard by the software. It doesnt feel like its for the user. It does everything it can to make google more money though. If I scroll threw youtube it always selects the ad.
Arbitrarily limiting functions just so people will spend more money up front is so frustrating, especially if you want a smaller phone 😠
I have a 7pro. Favorite phone ever.
The jelly effect you talked about reminds me of old VHS cameras.
Good grief this guy cries😢 too much. Next
Ah, Google made a hand burner for those cold winters
Man, the battery life is horrible. My 6 Pro lasted maybe 5-6 hours of normal use time. Being constantly hooked up to a charger sucks. Meanwhile my Z Fold 5 lasts all day, every time. Even with constant use.
My pixel 2 couldn't last 4 years. I've checked out for a hot minute. Just not too much of a fan of the designs.
Gave up watching when he kept going on and on and on about the camera bump. Get to the point.
I'll keep my password I have written on paper than you very much, so easy to get someones fingerprint or fake face, just watch Mission Impossible they did it ages ago :
As im still using a trusty old Galaxy S9 whose battery doesnt last even a full 24h while idling, i find a physical fingerprint scanner a much better alternative over an under-display scanner. Despite being worn to hell, the S9's scanner works about as good as an S21's scanner. It is also in a much more intuitive position in my opinion.  Anyway, as i have malded over the complete eradication of features i like for a couple years now (headphone jack and to some extent the SD card slot), im looking into buying either this or the S24 ultra whenever that thing releases.
I would love someone to take a poll on how many people actually care about camera features on phones. I take very few photos and i want them to look good, but I don't work for national geographic. Lol
the pixel 6 had a camera lip like that
iPhone 15 pro review: "Our devices got as high as 43 degrees on the surface, which is not particularly comfortable, but isn't going to do any kind of harm" Pixel 8 pro review: "The outside of the phone reached as high, as 44 degrees Celsius, which isn't enough to burn you /immediately/. Actually, I should look that up. 45 is enough to give you a second degree burn after two hours. So if you're at 44 and you game for two hours, you could conceivably burn your skin."  I'm quite skeptical that either device could ever cause burns, but the difference in presentation going between these two videos is wild.
lol. Love the android fan boys popping up to be like, ‘but but you can override the bad design, herp derp’. Desperate
Finger print scanners under the screen are just a supremely dumb idea. I hate the one on my Pixel 7, I loved the hardware scanner on my LG G8s. You stick your hand into your pocket, your finger naturally goes onto the scanner, and the phone is unlocked before you ever lay eyes on it. But! The same people that thought headphone jacks needed to go, thought this was a good idea too. Blech.
Toxic
The double pressing power button when in the camera to swap front to back camera is Samsung's way to swap, We've (pixel users) have the double twist motion.
I’m just tripping on how he was putting the Pixel in his pocket 😂  I put my phone in my pocket top down.
I keep my pixel 7 in an OtterBox so the camera bump is thinner than the case, and I forget it's there
they could make the software update for infinity and it wouldn't matter because the hardware is going to break in 2 or less. I miss my 4xl and the only reason i have the 7 pro is because the camera quit working. the 4 xl was a better phone in every way. i hate the 7 pro and the 8 pro looks just a junky. just bring back lidar face unlock!!! the fingerprint sensors SUCK and the face unlock is horrible because you got rid of the forehead for a pimple! WTF!
No headphone jack? Pass
I was conned into buying the 7 pro last year with all the videos promoting it.  Great camera, but the phone, an absolute disaster.  Nothing particularly special about it but the battery is a disgrace. It got hot from day 1 and now barely lasts the day. For a gigantic corporation like google not to get one of the most basic things right on a phone is unforgivable,  and I wont forgive, never again!
Amazing ad.
Let's be realistic who uses an expensive phone without putting a case on it.
Double tap the screen, then immediately press the thumb scan.  It's much faster than your attempts clicking power
1:00 - The Linus Wiggle Test™ was glorious lol 😂
10:29 memeable moment
that's a mistake²
8:30 turn on AOD? lmfao what
if it weren't for that camera design I would totally buy and main a pixel.
Yoooo, the video has that awesome cloud enhancement feature coming, no mention of that at all??
I just learned something new about my note9... Didn't know I could switch between the cameras with the DBL click too!
I'm a big Pixel fan here.  The Pixel Under Screen Fingerprint Reader is.... not good.  You do have to wake up the phone, and then you have to get it to read your finger.  I wish we could get the rear fingerprint reader back.  So much better.
Ive been daily driving a 3a basically since it came out. Support just ended. I probably wont upgrade until webtoon and kindle stop working
My only wish with the 8 finger print screener not being able to lower its brightness/ opacity.
Bruh, my pixel 4 tells me if im level. Its done that since I got it. And its quite nice when you want to frame a shot just right
Who the hell puts their phone in their pocket bottom down...  Its always upside down so when you whip it out its right side up automatically.
Just make the rest of the phone as thick as that camera "bump" and fill it with battery.  Give me more battery life.  Phones are too thin anyway.
I'm legit considering this phone, thanks for the review!
I just switched from the iPhone 13 pro max to the pixel 8 pro and I'm very satisfied.
dude, the lip runs perfect with the cases made. it is perfect when you put on cases.
the fact that linus got hyped by the camera's spirit level function made me wonder how old his current phone is😅 that's such a basic function in almost every phone camera nowadays.
I much prefer a bump across the entire width of the back. If its a bump in the corner, it will rattle if i want to scroll or type while its laying down. The lip lets it stay still
I hate the whole camera bump thing in general for reasons I'll get into in a bit but I prefer this camera bar versus the regular bump... Cuz at least now when I put my phone down on the table it's not all wonky with an offset bump. I can interact with the phone without the phone clittering and clattering as it pivots on the camera bump. But here's the thing that annoys me about the whole bump versus bar versus anything... Why couldn't they make the entire phone that thick and increase the size of your battery to fill that space? I am perfectly fine with a thicker phone if it means that I have more ports to plug things or more battery power or more processing power etc. Just make the whole phone a uniform thickness and be done with it.
I still have an older Pixel I DD. It's been a good phone. That camera edge is too much. I'd want it to be more like the 7. I still get OS updates on my 4a, and that's how many years old? It just updated to Android 14 last week. I'm not sure what I think of their new proprietary SOC instead of a Snapdragon. Whatever happened to manufacturers using AMD for GPUs on their SOCs?
Linus went from heath ledgers joker to shaggy in 3 seconds at 10:49 😭
Don’t worry. It will be rendered unusable by the 3rd or 4th OS update.
Watching this on a pixel 8 pro!!
Unless the support claims is a written and signed document I wouldn't trust google at all for 7 years
Im going to sell my pixel 8 pro its more slowly than my Xiaomi 13
You should have gotten out a caliper and actually measured what the camera bump height is! This is actually a kinda big deal for me.
I make coffee while camping and this would help ditch the thermometer for achieving the right water temp. Perfect.
Only 2 phone manufacture that offer full upgrade/update system updates,  Apple and Pixel, the rest are bricks after a couple of years.
Think that finger print was set up incorrectly. My 7a starts from sleep.  Can have clock showing in sleep etc. Most of the time face unlocks it unless a purposeful security check is needed.
“That’s sick, [the camera] tells you if you’re level?”  Yep, so can the iPhone camera. It’s a toggle in the camera settings. But you know, he’s always gotta hate on Apple.
Since they added that camera bump, us daily drivers actually really like it. I thought I'd miss the back of phone physical fingerprint scanner. Ideally I'd have both, but I'd take the camera bump over the scanner if I had to choose.
My fingerprint reader is instant and works with display off. I don't get why yours is not doing it.
that's gonna get edit sooo hard Deep fake gonna go crazy with the shaking D:
software limited functionality REALLY sucks.
Got mine this week end, I'm quite upset all the fancy  image edit features require you to upload your images to Google cloud even if the processing is local. I think this is bordeline false advertisement. "the drinks are free but the glasse need to be rented at $10 per use"
Is this not Linus? Linus Tech Tips....
Linus: "Oh! Let's check my skin temperature!"  "34° Celsius."  Damn, didn't know Linus is baseline hypothermic.
The lock settings can be changed, the camera opening and changing settings can change. I found the ui is fairly open to personalisation on all that stuff.
As a long time Pixel 6 user, the fingerprint unlock is my biggest gripe. I was hoping they would go ultrasonic with the Pixel 8 but looks like we'll need to wait until the 9 before we get the Samsung-comparable unlock.
I don't know man ... to me, it feels like Google is just copying others and they're putting a device out there just because they have to do so every single year. 1) The under screen finger print readers are objectively worse than side mounted ones (placement and accuracy). 2) The camera bump is really really ugly, while I understand this is subjective, but I feel like it was just lazy design language on their end. 3) The "hole punch" selfie camera still sucks no matter what device its on, why can't Google "innovate" enough to make that problem go away? 4) Gloss is ugly, and no, this is NOT actually subjective, it is also objective - since glossy devices tend to be slippery (they fall a lot), and they're also finger print and smudge magnets. Meh, this generation is SUPER boring - I'm not impressed, not one bit.
Just tap the screen once and the fingerprint will appear
I use my A8Plus from 2018 so it is possible to use a phone you like for long time. But I don't find any new device appealing too...
I've been using a zenfone for 5 years. The hardware is still pretty fine. But some software just doesn't works that good on older android versions. For sure software support is a good thing
I get it now why you're being hated by others. You don't take your time to do a review.  Just make sure to sit tight and work on that. Nobody literallly pushed you to do this review.
Had the Pixel 7 Pro. Not sure how much of an improvement Pixel 8 has but holy shit it's so bad. I traded it in for a S23+
Face ID on iPhone is sooooo much better.
4:54 what ? does Linus not know about 120W xiaomi charging in 20 min ?
you're a very negative reviewer.
I’m an iPhone user and even I can see your nitpicking is off the charts :’)
For you.
Ahh I'm happy I didn't upgrade from my Pixel 5. That fingerprint unlock 🤮 nah I like how the 5 will complete unlock just by touching the reader on the back. I also use "swipe down" on my fingerprint reader to access the notifications banner faster
Traded in my iphone 12 at best buy for the pixel 8. Got $500 on the trade in and got the pixel buds pro for free on a promotion. $700.00 phone and $200 headphones for $185.00 total. Best deal on a phone I have ever got!
Double twist to switch camera is available on Pixel.
16:43  Lol that pixel have black crush issue
Which one you will choose iphone 15 pro or Google pixel 8 pro? For pictures.
So unprofessional.
Being a Samsung hater, previous Pixel owner and iPhone user... Just get a Samsung. Google comes up short dollar for dollar against Samsung.
Could he try to hate it anymore 🙄
On the s22 ultra, still think samsung has the best fingerprint reader.
The pixel 2xl was the last great pixel phone. All the other versions have been a disappointment.
About Software support for 7 years and how long you use an smartphone - I use my Huawei Mate 20 Pro since 4 years. Still great device. I would use it longer, but I don't get updates anymore. 🤷‍♂️ Why should I buy new device when my old one ist still working fine? Sad but no software support ist an kind of planned/programmed obsolescence.
I think the phone looks way to nerdy. 16.10.2023
Testing how fast the fingerprint sensor is... Who actually cares, like for real?
the shake... lol
Tip: it was trying to read your face, that’s why it didn’t immediately go for the fingerprint
I've learned to despise Google phones. I've owned 3, and they've all had battery issues.  Also the charge ports wear out prematurely because they use trash parts. All 3 were junk. No issues since I've stopped purchasing google phones.
Pixel 1 has levelling indicator
Theoretically, you could refresh different parts of the LTPO at different rates.  Realistically, a game will not run like a benchmark, the load is not that constant.
I love the the Dbrand ads
😂
Me & Linus love our Samsung Galaxy Note9s❤😂😂😂😂😂
The desing is a no for me
Their batteries will be goosed within a couple of years. Their battery life is poor from day 1 so there's little hope for a second year.
I really wish Linus would do just the slightest bit of research or spend a tiny bit of time with the phones before he "presents" them. Many of the complaints he made during this episode can all be resolved by a flip of a few settings or just knowing how to use the phone properly lol.   Face unlock without touching screen:       Settings --> Security & privacy --> Device unlock --> Face & Fingerprint Unlock --> Face Unlock --> Skip lock screen  Fingerprint reader without waking phone:       Settings --> Display --> Lock screen --> Always show time and info (effectively the always on display)  Flip front/back camera without touching the screen        When in the camera app half turn your hand two times quickly.    These are all things you discover within the first hour of going through the phone or just having general knowledge about the phone and its gestures. This video just seems so low effort with no care to properly showcase the phone.
What kind of sociopath puts their phone in their pocket top up screen toward them.
No one can compete with Apple and Samsung while they are the only ones having top specs flagship phones in 6.1" housing.. Sorry Google
DeBrand.  Coolest sponsor ever!
And I just learned that I can switch cameras on my Note 9 by double clicking the power button.
Hey guys, do you mind reading the manual before doing the review? Thanks.
Me texting my sister on an iPhone 5 running iOS 6.1.3
who doesn't use nav gestures these days?
the fingerprint sensor takes some getting used to. if it's the same as my Pixel 6A, the first week or so was a bit of a struggle. it takes a very light touch--touch too hard and it won't respond. once i got my muscle memory dialed in, it is fine. also, helps to duplicate your prints when you register them, and to adjust the sensitivity setting if you have tempered glass over it.
I've said it and I'll say it again: Button fingerprint >>>> under display fingerprint. In my sub-300€ phone it doesn't even go through the lockscreen 99% of the time (some outliers when I get sweaty hands or overly humid fingers from a bath).
I could've sworn the pixel 8/8 Pro got currently highest color accuracy on DXOs website.
count down to the gif of linus shaking the dbrand case...
that camera module is ugly. google can learn a lot from Sony Xperia phones.
‘The best screens they have ever put on their devices’ - ever get bored with the marketing nonsense from these companies? Should we give them a big pat on the back for not making their new flagship worse than their old one?
What if they only meant show off the website. 😂
Samsung is the primary android for me. Sorry Google
Dies anyone how can I transfer my opened tabs form my old Samsung to the Pixel 8 Pro? I tried everything online and still no success. Activated and deactivated the Synchronization and stuff like this but...no. Otherwise I got everything transfered
If you want to hear some crazy charging numbers (from a car nerd), the new 2023 Lotus Evija will charge its 70 kWh battery from 0-100% in 18 minutes.
My screen fingerprint works perfect, maybe you didn't do the setup properly 😮
This video hit all of the main items on the Phone Review Bingo Card in about 45 seconds: shrug face video thumbnail ✅ talk about hype of product (it's literally just marketing) ✅ find small detail and make into huge WOW LOOK AT THAT moment (camera bump) ✅ immediately mention gaming performance on a phone that is not at all a gamers phone ✅
thanks guys. I've been 'missing' my Pixel 3 for some time. The Pixel 8 Pro reviews are definitely convincing me to change from my Galaxy 20+ . (or wait for the S24 range and get  and S23+ at a reduced rate  with UI 6)
Ugh, this screen is really going to be a pain to use because of the PWM...
Still getting disgusted every year that they have no interest in bringing back 3d face unlock like on the 4. Fingerprint readers are so outdated and function terrible for anyone who uses their hands for work. Any phone over $400 should have 3d face unlock if not both. This battle among Android oems for who can have the smallest bezels/biggest screen is stupid if the experience is slow and annoying everytime you go to unlock it. What bothers me the most is Google is basically forcing me to switch to Apple just for that feature which Google implemented better than Apple years ago. Mine has been literally flawless since launch and them deciding to only use it on one generation is insane. So ridiculous
It's a Nokia N8 !
$1000 for a phone. $55 for a phone case. The shocking thing is how few people are disgusted about that and just pay anyway.
It's kinda funny that they could fit in a temprature sensor but couldn't find room for the headphone jack. I'm pretty sure that a Pixel 8 pro with a headphone jack would be far more appealing than a Pixel 8 pro with a temprature sensor to most people.
Make sure you take the screen protector off for if you review it cuz you won't be able to see the screen with the white paper on it. Lol
xiaomi 13 ultra review please come on.. :(
Comparing Pixel 8 to Pixel 4XL and 4a Face unlock is weaker, fingerprint scanner is still very unpolished and nobody is talking about free storage.
The most important tests are often never done which is signal tests and uptime tests. The Exynos modems for the Pixel 6 and 7 had major network issues. Had a Pixel 6 dozens of times a day no signal at all up to 20 minutes at a time on both ATT and T-Mobile even in populated cities around DFW. Same sim cards in a $50 UMX phone didn't have those issues. Got it RMA'ed same exact issue with a different Pixel 6 device inspected. Others had 3+ RMA's and just ended up giving up selling the phone for a loss or traded it in which is what I had to do too. Google only offers to keep doing RMA's. Every review for every phone should do signal DBM comparisons and other tests that are the main point of a phone.
10:55 a note 9. Nicee
10:23 does it charge with the apple powerbank too if you usethe 'magsafe' case?
Mid roll ads!? Really? 😒
Even though I've followed linus for a very long time, I did not know this was an u boxing channel. I casually watched this whilst eating breakfast with 80% attention so may have missed the clarification that this was just an unboxing, I feel this needs to be made a little more clear in the title as without that knowledge the whole vid I spent thinking linus seemed to be nit picking and for the first time I actually thought has there been an exchange of favours/money to give a bad review. Am I biased because I know of the recent controversy or just being open to the idea that nobody is perfect. Stuff like this shakes my faith. Also if you're doing a peak nits test and only do sdr, why not do hdr to whilst you're there? Or did I miss something.
Face unlock is the worst idea for data privacy and security ever and I really wish it would go away.
I think linus is one of the few people still hung up on the camera bar lol
My Pixel 7 is the worse phone i've ever had. It constantly over heats and I've seen 1000's of other reviews online of the same thing. Especially when taking a video longer than 2 minutes
12:04 nah it’s just trying to find a single reason to buy it 😂
The LG Velvet has a better fingerprint unlock. I can't wait for the Pixel 10. When I finally need a new phone. I miss the pixel devices.
10:29 No, keep going... dBrand paid top dollar for that 😂
Watching this on my Pixel 3a XL. I've been very happy with my phone.
Man, Linus is being corrected on so many things in the comments im starting to wonder if this is about to become a Gamer's Nexus video.
Every friggin' phone has a horizontal level... Linus is so out of touch :). GOSH.
Having the bottom speakers front-firing needs to be a standard feature for all phones.  It sounds so much better and louder when watching videos, yet it’s difficult to even find cases that redirect the speakers.
The amount of complaints that are just settings you didn’t turn on is crazy. Do some research this review and the data generated by labs are basically useless sadly
The camera bar is better than a camera bump like on the iPhones for example because it doesn't wobble on tables. The angle is more extreme though but I prefer that trade off
I have a pixel 2 and was planning to use it for another 5 more year since I bought it last 2019. my wife gave me a pixel 7 last christmas but yeah I'm one of those person who will still be using a pixel hone in 7 years 😊.
Well if it's really that sharp , I seriously wonder how the chief designer let this go through - than again, it doesn't surprise me at all :/
Pixels have a GREAT feature for charging at night. If you use your phone for an alarm clock and you plug it in to charge at night it charges VERY slowly such that it hits full charge just a little bit before the alarm goes off. It is supposed to be much better for battery life.
You guys should really call these 'unboxings' or 'first impressions' to temper everyone's expectations of your thoroughness. Main channel titles are very similar to this one. You made a huge deal about spending more time getting stuff right, we need to know when you're not doing that.
Both those phones have identical camera sensors. The non-pro just software locks it to only 12mp even though it has a 48mp sensor.
I don't want to be going back and forth here but it appears that the zoom quality on the Pixel Pro is very good. 😎💯💪🏾👍🏾
Is oneplus the only phones that come with a charger? and a 60W too
A VERY GOOD REVIEW.
I'd just like to put out into the universe that I would've gladly paid the same price as the Pro for the same feature set on the 8. That's how important phone size is for me.
I agree after just switching to the iphone 14 a few months back from pixel 6 the former shoots way better video but I still think pixel takes better and way more colour accurate photies, toodles
Not sure if sets or sound treatment got moved around but have been hearing more reverb lately. Sorry about the nitpicking, I'm a professional sound mixer, so just stands out to me more than it should.
Bottom line guys:  if you need a communications device versus a gaming device, buy what makes your drawers drop; AKA:   Whatever makes your budget happy.  So many users fail to realize that cost doesn't, necessarily, mean a better phone call or text.  Cameras and resolutions are a different matter.  If a better camera is not a must have then you can find a phone that will text, make calls, take pictures and connect to the internet.  A 300 dollar phone will take that special picture; send that perfect text and connect your emotional phone call in the same manner as a $1K phone.  Research the options you need, lock in your budget and shop the deals.   I happen to use fingerprint sensors too.  The sensors on smart phones do seem to get better every year though (chuckles).  Thanks for the great video Linus.
Worst informes reviewer after dave2d. Wtf.
The DBrand ads are the only one, I don't skip. The interaction is too funny
Price in USD only, temperature in Celsius only.  Are you a Canadian company or not?
What could anyone possibly be doing on a phone that needs 12GB of RAM? I suspect it’s just for Spec chasers. “My phone has 12GB of RAM”
Trade in 2022  7Pro 256k  = $420  w 8 Pro 256k = balance $636 = + Tax $699 Worth to drade the 7Pro?For me =Next Time :) Thanks for the  review !
Wow, that fingerprint test without waiting that second to wake up but smashing thumb like brainless gorilla got my cringe hard :D
Gosh the chrome sides make the phone so greasy, i totally agree. Make it matte google!
I really wish we could get the better phones in the smaller form factors. I just upgraded my Pixel 7 to the 8 just because it's smaller. Would have loved to get the Pro but I can't stand these huge phones.
Wtf is this dave2d tier review lmao
same shit again?? heating issue?
I personally like the look of the pixel
If you use a Phone Case Bumb is gone, second who puts the phone screen down? I'm running a 7 since june after my Note9 no longer has support,so far Love my Pixel ,and the call screening service is amazing and tells them to remove me from call list.Immortal and Far light run smooth so gaming is no issue either,with battery drain is minimal.
Tell us how much you really hate the pixel.  Most negative review comments throughout any review.  They don’t need to convert you clearly, i hope you are an iPhone fan boy. (Not Samsung) clearly not pixel.  Maybe a pro and cons split would work better.  If you didn’t want to review the phone …..don’t.
NOTE! That by default the Pixel 8 Pro uses a lower render resolution by default (1008x2244) vs (1344x2992)
TBH, as an owner of the previous Gen (Pixel 7Pro, Pixel Watch 1, Pixel Buds Pro) I'm more than content with what I've got. I'll probably just hop over the 8 and wait until the Pixel 9 comes out.
Everyones talking about Sweepster23 and yeah - i found it as well on YouTube - but does this work? I am really curious especially watching this video. Hope for your answers.
Everyones talking about Sweepster23 and yeah - i found it as well on YouTube - but does this work? I am really curious especially watching this video. Hope for your answers.
Everyones talking about Sweepster23 and yeah - i found it as well on YouTube - but does this work? I am really curious especially watching this video. Hope for your answers.
This phone is so boring. It’s trying to be the iPhone in a world where the iPhone already exists.
Big what if situation What if linus didn't drown his flip phone
If these phones had a user removable battery and also IP68 waterproof, I would buy the Pixel 8 Pro in a heartbeat.
I received mine and am going to return it. Alot of things I dislike (e.g. the fingerprint readers is high on the screen) and some basic software features are missing (e.g. locking apps from being cleared with the clear all button)
Just a note about using the thermal camera to compare the temperature readings. Most thermal cameras tend to use emissivity of 0.95 as default setting, and it works well for most non reflective materials. But to take accurate readings you would need to set the emissivity to correct values according to the surface material of the object measured (in case of human skin around 0.98 according to Flir).
Still very happy with the 6 Pro here. I try to drive it till it reaches EOS.
It literally says it doesn't do skin readings on the thermometer app, why did you try it?
Is anyone going to comment how Google has copied literally every major hardware decision from Apple? Down to the white screen sticker that you peel off? If everyone's going to comment on how Apple copies certain Google features, it's only fair no?
please elaborate on how the 56fps median was achieved in genshin. no other reviewer has anywhere near these numbers
Just got my 8 pro yesterday. My only complaints so far are that it's relatively thin and slippery and that my dbrand case won't ship before November
The more I looked into pixel 8, the more it fell short.  No vapour chamber orvhewt pipes. Worst auth method available, face ID doesn't work in dim light, no UWB, can't remove homescreen widget, poor support precedent.   Poor modem.   Difficult to replace battery and USB port compared to other phones.
lol hole punch screen. what garbage
44c lol it's a normal day in Australia
I got the Google Pixel 8 Pro 256GB and Google Pixel Watch 2 from Best Buy, the watch was free. I wanted the Bay color, but instead got Obsidian because it matches the watch.
You can twist the phone back and forth quickly to switch between the back and front facing cameras. 😊 I guess it has been a while since you've used the pixel 😂
LOL.Does nobody at LTT use an android phone? Wait, Linus does... So he shits on the phone for having a slow fingerprint sensor, and having to touch the screen for face unlock. THERE IS A SETTING THAT CHANGES BOTH OF THOSE!!!
1:01 Pixel goes: weeeeeeeeeeee!
i have the 7 and im so jealous!!
I am still using a pixel 5a, was gonna upgrade. Should I go to 7a or jump to 8? @shortcircuit guide please :)
I think he hits the nail on the head here. Why is there not a Pixel 8 Pro with the same or similar form factor as the regular 8 which is way more comfortable to hold.  I went from the 6, to the 7 Pro and I'm thinking of going back to the 8. I love the telephoto cameras but the price is unjust. The extra RAM, Temperature sensors don't mean much to me and it's a poor decision for Google to software lock certain features.
Learn from Samsung ? Google is the one that came out with the first Android. HTC
No headphone jack? Cringe
Google Tensor (Exynos modified chip), no USB-C video output, no desktop mode. Until Google solves those 3 issues, I won't getting a Pixel.
being excited about transferring your Home Screen layout? jesus. I assumed that’s been around forever
Just make phones slightly thicker with a larger battery and headphone jack instead of making them thinner and needing to have this massive hump for the cameras.
Okay sounds like a paid commercial.  I wouldn't put it past Google for this spot
Nice to see that the fingerprint reader hasn't improved since the PIxel 6. Good job, Google
I'm 40 seconds into this video on my older gen 3 KRK monitors and i notice that the audio of this set is trash compared the the set that you're usually on with the work-table and giant screen in the window frame. Also, worse than the set that Sarah was just in on the iPhone video too. This set needs WAY more midrange absorbtion to be equal. Maybe the rockwool or fiberglass D.I.Y. panels you could task someone with making in one day's time. I'm just sayin'. This set is reverby AF Lol
Better than iphone
Google blocking reviewers and ordinary users from downloading and installing popular benchmarking apps is suggestive of a company not prepared to stand by the marketing claims it has made about the Tensor G3.   Otherwise, it wouldn't be trying to impede reviewers and users from being able to test those claims themselves
still rockin' the pixel 3XL, thing is a tank. Have had it for 5 years, might want to upgrade to the 8!
My man still using the  note 9 as daily driver respect
This is such a terrible waste of time. Linus you're losing your touch.
That camera band just, aesthetically, rubs me the wrong way.
With a standard OtterBox case it's flush
What mag safe wallet did they throw in the ad?
Unless something changed the transfer adapter can be used as a type C to type A adapter used it several times in the past.
I honestly would love to have MORE phones that has up to 7 years of support. It should be the bare minimum considering that older phones that weren't purposefully made worse by software might still be working fine nowadays. Also as always, if you are looking to get a Google phone, just wait until next year's A model, the Pro and standard model are never worth it.
The only reason to get a pixel phone is to use Graphene. And everyone should want to run graphene or demand their mnfg support it.
I still don't understand why they took the FP sensor off of the power button. I am going to click that to turn the phone on every time I reach for it in my pocket, just put it there and it will always be unlocked by the time I have the phone in front of my face.
What happened Google didn't want to pay you?
Sorry but 111° f is not enough to burn your skin sorry That's just the wuss excuse to hate the pixel
I got caught on the Z Flip 5
Also I wish phone makers would do one that has no camera at all. I don't need a front facing camera, and I don't need a rear facing 123412341234MP with post-processing++++ functionality, I just need a phone with a full and bezelless screen that is not interrupted by a punch hole and on which the back has no protruding bits
my only message to google is: BRING BACK THE FINGERPRINT SENSORS ON THE BACK OF THE PHONE!!!  Not saying they have to remove the front facing unlock but dang.
I also wish i could get the pro in a regular pixel 8 size. The pixel 8 size is already pretty big imo so that’s the only thing holding me back from getting the pro tbh
This guy is so whiney. I can't take him seriously.
We're right back sucking at testing stuff. My P8Pro unlocks easily 10/10 times with finger and face unlock.
Pro mini! listen Google, its what everyone wants!
Love seeing some James.
Somebody come touch it sounds really bad out of context 🤣
lets be honest who does not run a case on their phone.  That bar goes away with he phone case so that is a non issue it seems.  the video can be a issue but for home vids it seems fine.  i would be interested i hearing the sound in person before a purchase but it seems like a good consideration right now
Use the Wing Linus
Lol people spending 1000 to check FB or insta and take selfies
I'm so disappointed that Google got rid of the rear fingerprint sensor. I don't think I can live without it after getting my Pixel 5a5g
watching this on my pixel 8 pro
I don't think the ultra wide camera has OIS
That camera bump is a perfect place to rest my index finger and makes my pixel 7 pretty impossible to drop occasionally. Pretty good imo, I love it.
Do yall think this is better than the s23? My upgrade is due at the end of the month and I'm not sure what to get
I’m still disappointed I never got to buy the Nexus 6P.  By far my favorite design.
Pixel 6 and 7  Have problem with mobile and wifi connection such as Low signal and drop connections at low signals arias , compare other Phones including Iphone and  Samsung S phones  . Pixel 8 have same weak Samsung modem and poor antenas which could  affect  probably same connectivity issues. Unfortunately Google doesn't want or can't  recognise and fix this problem. Don't make mistake to buy expensive  phone with this major  problem.  Please check Pixel 8 connectivity compare latest  Iphone and Samsung with Qualcomm modems.
Reviewers seem to “ping pong” with new releases. They like it, then they don’t, or they post a review a few months later and say, “I was wrong.” The 8pro is a solid device that I imagine will get better with time. Enjoy it! Google has done a great job!
That's honestly a terrible video. You've done a lot of mistakes here like not knowing the auto unlock with face unlock or not being able to use the fingerprint sensor with the screen turned off, or the fact you can change the volume key gestures on camera settings, or that the Pro is made of ceramic not plastic. The thermometer is still awaiting FDA approval for skin temperature so that's not added yet and it could show inaccuracies. You could've cut those parts in post after doing some research but you did neither.
DBrand gottem!
10:43 U double twist the phone to switch lenses, c'mon Linus i thought u were a tech guy!!!
I love the design language Google has been using lately. I have the Pixel 6, which is a couple years old now and I am still getting 2 days of battery life out of it. (I am by no means a power user). The Android 14 update has improved battery life even further. I really want the Pro features with the three camera setup, but I just can't justify spending a grand when what I already have is still performing as well as it is. Maybe my Pixel 6 will be replaced with a Pixel 9 (Nice).
I switched to the 8 Pro because I couldn't take the curved display. It sounds like a small thing; but every app with the voicenote on the edge... You already know lol
8:30 After going through this hell, anyone would appreciate why Apple put so much effort and went with the Face ID (when they had to abandon the Touch ID) and stuck with it since then.
1 hour for a full charge is not really fast charging that's literally a 1C charge rate
Linus lost his Mojo since whole controversy thing. I frankly hate that fact. I can clearly see stark difference between how Linus was and how he is now. Way too careful with commentary and somehow, he seems to like everything now. That's not Linus lol He used grill tech companies and products that what made his content unique. Now he is waaay too mainstream actually very MKBHDesque . That's not the Linus we all love and hate. Please Linus don't let one controversy get into your head. Bring back the old Linus.
As a daily drone pilot. That 2000 nits is insane for use in the sun  Edit: the borderline sexual banter between D-brand and Linus is hilarious.
You're just going to put.a case on it anyway. Who cares if it has a camera bar.
I wonder if the pixels still have those hallow feeling screens?
The i-phone 15 camera still beating the pixel in various ares.
I'm sure these phones will have nothing on Linus's new LG Wing once it arrives.😂
I pre-ordered and got it two days ago.  I got caught in the hype also.  My s23 ultra is honestly better.  Pictures, videos,  performance,  almost everything is better on the s23 ultra. Sent the pixel back lol.
I got pixel 7 and is awesome until now ...despite I don't have that 7 years update I think im gonna keep 4 or 5 years ...is awesome.. photo almost the best ...video not the best but still very good ... battery average....display almost amazing ...software in browsing in internet and apps is the best even than iPhone....in gaming is average...it plays everything not the best but I'm ok....audio is amazing ...portability is good ....I mean is awesome pixel 7 .... anyway we will see in future what Smart phones we going to have
That needs a full protection case. That's a back that only a mother can like
still using the not 9 haaa me to linus
It always feels good to have such longer period of software support. That's why people mostly use iPhone. Not thinking about changing every year
Fingerprint sensor is a deal breaker. Im probably too spoiled on Samsung phones. [Edit]  Wow, what a careless little review. Apparently, you can fix the problem with the fingerprint sensor in the settings. You can activate the always on display and the lift-to-check features. It's dumb that they aren't on by default, but I'm guessing they are off to give the phone better battery life by defaul, so their battery life claims can compete. Which isn't a good look, but what evs.  I'm still tempted to get the Pro.
CONS 1. fingerprint sensor, unreliable, blinding at night. 2. No folders in app drawer 3. No HDMI video output or Desktop mode. 4. Face unlock is slower than using fingerprint.  5. Non customizable power button, will not work as flashlight 6. Can't stack widgets  7. Quick back-tap gesture, unreliable, inconsistent.  8. Selfie camera looks weird, cannot change over-sharpenning, over-contrasting 9. Rear camera No HDR @ 60fps 10. No scrolling screenshots.  11. Watch will not arrive until after return period has expired  12. No customizable widgets, cannot change opacity or size.  13. Cannot remove or change at a glance widget. 14. Cannot remove or change Google search widget.   PROS 1. Assistant works with WhatsApp.  2. Assistant call handling, spam screening, hold for call, navigate call menus visually.  3. Assistant works with phone locked. 4. No forced bloatware apps, Samsung internet, Samsung pass, Samsung health,  5. Big FLAT display screen, bright and vibrant colors, responsive.  6. Relatively good price.  7. Easy to hold, light, feels sturdy.  8. Glass back feels premium and hides fingerprints.
Rags on the phone when he hasnt even changed the settings. says the front camera is known to be blurry which again is false
I love my pixel 8. I just keep my phone on always on display, fingerprint straight away, unlocks instantly And I don't particularly feel the camera bar is an issue 🤔🤔
Phones are just too expensive for the high end models. I'll stick with my £120 Samsung.  It's all I can afford.
Its a she??
eheheh boi wait till u daily drive the Wing
People who buy this must be excited for those OLED Burn-Ins that are coming in those 7 years.
she slides she slides,  oo yah
1:05 "she slides" - that's what she said 😂😂
If you want to switch to the selfie camera, you can wiggle/flip your phone left right on the main camera (has to be turned on in the settings first).
Its been a long time since linus reviews phones, i guess....😅
i just got my Pixel 8, and i must say i reallY like it, upgraded from a note 8, and the upgrade was 100% positive!
Bad review.
90% battery in 60 minutes is garbage lmao, my rog 5 gets full battery in 10 minutes or 20 minutes depending on the battery percentage.
❤dbrand should always send magsafe just to see Linus doing the stuff :)
This guy the definition of nit picking and really over exaggerating smalls things. He seriously doesn’t know how to wait one sec and then put his fingers for the device  to scan his fingers
Even my pixel 4a has the angle of view showing in the camera app.  I wonder how old the android phone is that Linus has been daily driving.  I also wonder if the 7 years of OS updates will stop at 2 new android versions, and then you'll get just updates for that last android version with no more new android versions for you.
I use fingerprint reader on my 7 Pro in combination with double tap to wake. It's pretty convenient IMO.
Didn't he retire or something
So many daily usage bugs in the software that makes me unable to daily drive it. Bluetooth audio is completely broken.
I had to fiddle with mt 8 pro to get all the features unlocked
2:30 I can confirm stuffing a usb-c to usb-a shorts PCs and shuts them off instantly
I totally agree with you. Would be so much better if both were matte on the Pro. 7:09
Omg I had no idea men's pockets were that easy to put things in???? What?!?
I just like that it's called the Pixelate.
the camera spirit level has been in present for aaaaages
0:31 All that processing and you channel your inner Pokemon trainer smh
Google taking a solid W with the 8 series 💪🏽
Honestly, this has to be the worst and most amateurish Pixel 8 review I've seen by now. You could've put some effort to learn some basic settings for God's sake. Go team Linus. 😎
I cant wait to add 8 and 8 Pro support to my Pixel Tensor Audio Decompressor module for Magisk! It will very clearly fix the audio distortion at various volumes like it currently does for the 6 series, 7 series, Fold, and Tablet - targeting all Tensor SoCs!
more pixel models like a mini would be nice.
Total waste of my special 17 mins
So it’s cost or not?
Uhhhhhh... did anyone else just learn you can switch the cameras by hitting the power button? Just me? I guess you learn something new each day lmao  Love the content!
you guys should show PPI along with the resolution, that would really help get an idea of the sharpness of the display
Uhhhhh, Linus, didn't you Daily Drive a Pixel Fold???
Always on display for the fingerprint reader and twist phone for flipping camera.
10:33  ✊😈😈😈😆😳
could you do a headphone comparison between the bose qc ultra and the sony xm5 please!!!
Damn Linus seemed pissed at dbrand in that ad lol, can't tell if he was joking or not but wow
So the iPhone 15 gets up to 43deg and everybody loses their minds but the Pixel 8 gets to 44deg and it's no big deal? I don't get it.
floss reviewing better than you.
Kinda funny I got a pixel 8 pro ad on this video 😂
You had the AOD turned off so the fingerprint snag for an optical sensor is understandable. Double click power to bring up the camera is a Pixel feature that I use everyday. I'm not sure what your friction was there?
You mean to tell me they just now got around to allowing you to transfer your home screen layout lmao
Linus's Phone screen is broken. I find that refreshing
I feel like I was watching my 13 year old trying to figure out technology.  I'm so confused. You review technology but it feels like you didn't even do the bare minimum to interact with the phone at a basic level.  It might not be the best phone but the interaction between you and the phone made me want to scream, "dude! Stop it. That's not how phones work."
Why is d brand insulting linus?????  10:05 th is tht about
In the camera setting there is an option for P3 Colour
Linus is not god. There will be major consequences.
you're a tech guy, and you can't figure out the always on display feature that activates fingerprinet without waking it up? and you don't know that temperature on body is always a few degrees less cause it's internal check not external therefor, temp scanners always add a few degrees?  this is a pixel phone, not a PC, so don't focus on numbers rather than actual experience.. cause that's what pixels are fore
I like how linus has access to all those expensive phones but yet still uses a cracked phone
turn on feature on camara app to switch selfie by shaking phone.
11:08 the level thing is present on the stock pixel camera for quite a few years, my 4a also has that
The reason why it wasn't reading your fingerprint right away is because when you have face recognition on it trys to read your face 1st & if your not looking at the phone if fails to unlock then goes to fingerprint unlock maybe learn about the phones features before you start poo pooing something you dont understand . Man this dude is so tone deaf .
I returned mine (8 pro) , just using the video, makes it hot to the touch.
There seems to be a bug with the viewfinder and it's color accuracy. Hopefully they fix it soon. Video after playback looks a lot better and colour accurate than the viewfinder.
I have pixel 8pro and its already over heating and the battery doesn't last all day..
Does anyone really trust this guys reviews anymore?
My Pixel 8 Pro just arrived moments ago. Initial impressions.   - The build quality and materials are very solid. Feels high quality everywhere you touch. - I love the feel of the matte back. No visible fingerprints after putting my hands all over the phone. - Side buttons have great tactile feedback. - The haptics are super satisfying. Almost reminds me of the iPhone in this aspect which is great. - The screen quality looks so good! - The flat screen without the curves is greatly appreciated. - Rounded edges makes the phone quite comfortable to hold.  FYI I'm currently in the process of transferring all phone data from my previous phone. I opted to transfer data using the usb-c to usb-c cable that came with the phone instead of over bluetooth (or wifi, I'm not exactly sure how that works tbh). I will say that the whole process of transferring data to the Pixel 8 Pro was very seamless and straightforward coming from a Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra.  One thing that concerns me though is how hot the phone is getting during this process. It's not extremely hot but it feels like I left the phone out in direct sunlight for a bit. Hopefully this doesn't become an ongoing issue.  Also, I should mention that I'm upgrading from a Samsung Galaxy S22 Ultra. The S22 Ultra started giving me issues with the screen sensitivity and would randomly click on things by accident. It caused me far too many typos over text and email so I decided to upgrade. I have no idea when or how this issue came to be but I couldn't deal with it any longer.
I still prefer the older style rear fingerprint sensor.
nonsense
Google still don't have USB video out (!?!) The device doesn't have Miracast.      The optical thumb sensor is just bad news bears and the thermometer is pointless, give us an IR blaster back.   Sigh
Why did they make finger prints stupid
WHY DOES EVERYONE EXPECT MORE SOFTWARE TO BE... FREE??????????????????????????
Are you seriously praising 30w charging and over an hour charging time in 2023? This doesn't seem very honest
Nice! My iPhone 15 pro gets near 120fps maxed on Genshin.   My iPhone 14 pro did 60+ easily.   My 12 pro did 40-60 easily, all maxed out.   Glad to see the flagship google phone is finally catching up with the iPhone XS.
The thing is most of the tech YouTubers ignore the topic is how terrible pixel phone's fingerprint readers are
pixel is a very boring and flawed phone,  basic very basic ok software,  very subpar theming options,    in hindsight i'd be happier with 256gb, i went 128..       its only really for ai niche's i think
you can twist your wrist in the camera app to change the lens, but it's not super reliable
You've lost all integrity
This guy is just never happy with anything.
overpriced garbage . its literally a pixel 7 with slightly better software with the price tag of a new samsung that brings in better hardware .
My pixel 8pro screen was flickering overnight after watching netflix, so I had to restart the phone.
Psssst........you domt have "always on display" enabled, thats why it wont read your finger print unless you wake iy first. TOTALLY DIDN'T LOOK like you were doing anything other than shaking a phone😂😂😂
man that fingerprint reader is broken
Really nice down to earth review of the real-world devices that a lot of people may be considering for gifts.
People in India working for 8+ hours in 45°C😶
good to see Linus back to reviewing, them crusty wannabe employees always gave me a headache
but is it an LG wing
is that a review! did he bring any new info or perspective!
What is the device Linus is reading his notes from (off to his left)?
Linus still rocking that Note 9 Plus
My rav 6 pro will outlast the pixel
I still have Huawei P20 pro for 5,5 year and still work like a charm so 7 years from google? - yea it is possible.
The touch screen reaction on the Pixel 8 is very much the same problem I have with my S23 Ultra, which is why I recommend your new phone have either a back sensor or one built into the power button - something you can feel immediately and get unlocked
Based on the comments, it seems like Linus didnt thoroughly learned how to use rhe phone to its utmost potential.
Tensor G3 not impressive for flagship device costing this much,hearing this is jittery and not optimised well for Android 3rd party apps👎👎
13:53 very strong claim for a "quick and dirty test"
For the temperature sensor, skin is not supported for measuring. You also have to say what you are measuring for each different item. So that's probably why it's a bit off.
Watching that unlock process is so painful.  Think the obsession of manufacturers with under-screen fingerprint readers is going to keep me on my Pixel 5 for a while yet :/
Its sad that google can slap a thermometer in pixel 8 pro, which nobody wanted or asked, but they can not acomodate a SD card slot. These companies stripping away popular features like headphone jack or sd card slot, makes me look toward sony xperia 1 v. If sony promised 5years of software n security, i would buy it at any price at all. Please compare google pixel 8 pro, vs sony experia 1 v, vs samsung s23 ulta, in terms of user experience, UI, in hand feel, features, battery drain time, thermal management, and value for money. I ll buy one of these 3. Waiting for response. Thanx
I would totally go for the pro version if it was the size of the non pro version.
No one in the history of under-display fingerprint readers has unlocked a device like that
Many other people have pointed out the remarks specifically @ 8:08 , 8:15 , 8:22 , which boil down to user error and / or lack of effort, but still...  Especially after the controversies this channel had recently, you'd think they'd be more diligent when making their videos, holy hell lol. These instances you pointed out feels like watching some random lifelong iPhone user -- who's never touched Android device in their life, and isn't wanting to get the best out of it-- trying to half-ass a review for an Android phone lmao.  Not thinking to check settings on an Android phone when doing a review is nuts. I only buy new phones every 3-4 years (as in, I'm usually not super up to date on new features, etc.) and even I know how much shit can be toggled on / off in settings with Android devices; and if something isn't working like you expect it should, there's a decent likelihood it's a setting you need to find and set. Isn't this kind of one of the main selling points of Android? Being able to customize your experience?    I don't mean to sound like an ass, but I purchased this phone after never owning a Pixel device in my life, and also not upgrading in like 4+ years, and even *I* figured all this stuff out within the first 30 minutes or so of using it. Kinda wild for one of Youtube's premier tech reviewers lol.
I prefer the glass back on the pro because I have greasy hands unfortunately. I haven't found a single fingerprint mark yet
To swap to the front-facing camera and back you just twist your wrist a couple times with the phone in your hand it's super easy and better than double clicking a button again
I have a Pixel 7. The on screen fingerprint reader is so bad that I have it disabled. It's completely unusable. I wish this video had focused more on the fingerprint reader of this phone. The reader on the 7 is so bad I'd consider upgrading to the 8 if it works just to not have to deal with this.
There are so many examples of Linus exposing that he doesn't know anything about this phone which is ... frustrating.
Have the pixel 7 went to the store and juat saw the pixel 8 and the feel in the hand is so much better than the 7 definitely trading the 7 in for the 8  $400 off with the trade in. Definitely worth it.
How did we get to all phones being mostly glass? "oh yeah it's an object you're always gonna have on you, in pockets, cars, everywhere. In your hands while walking or running etc. So we made it out of the most fragile material possible"
.37 second in, I haven't used a pixel since gen 4/5.   Thanks for letting me know I can stop watching the video.
FYI: Samsung transfer (for switching with a new device) did wallpaper and basicaly everything transfer for years and since the pixel is an android you can use that insead of their app (if for some reason you need to). I used it when I transfered from a Huawei to a S10
Battery is worse than my Motorola edge 21 after normal usage
I can't stand Your high pitched voice 🙉 not to be rude. I listen to the first 3 minutes and I can't do it anymore
It's ridiculous how you can say that "iphone is better at video", where you don't even bother to show the exact same shot with that piece of garbage as proof... That disqualifies you as a reviewer...
I’d rather have Google make the phone all the same thickness and fill that extra space in with a battery 🔋
I have still use my Pixel 3 XL. The 8pro seems like enough software/hardware for me to upgrade....
isn't the max charging of the pro 30W?
somehow the fingerprint reader works better with my left hand
wow linus doesnt like dbrand at all
2:59 the Google pixel 3a, and 6 allowed me to keep my home screen layout as well
Man I wish the newer phones still had the physical touch sensor like the pixel 3 xl, like it's so much more convenient
Yep I got one , modem sucks as bad as the six , 7 is slightly better than the 8 . Dropping calls everywhere ,unacceptable Google. Return to sender
the 7 year support seems silly to me. I can't imagine still using a pixel 1 right now which came out 6 years ago. My pixel 4 is almost unusably slow.
What does the "D" in dbrand stand for? Douchebags?
my biggest problem with the new pixels is the fingerprint sensor in the screen and the size. Loved the fingerprint sensor on the back and loved the smaller size of the older pixels.
I'm using my Pixel 8 Pro for a day now, after switching from the iPhone 14 Pro Max. I'm totally Happy with this phone. Pixels are really amazing.
I fing love the camera bar so much on pixel I hate the 3 four dots in a corner
if you tap the screen it wakes and then it reads the fingerprint, so basically double tap
Enjoying the helpful comments more than the video.
Seems like people have started to love pixel leaving old samsung and iphones.
can't blame a phone when it's user error. SMH.
The battery life sucks. That's unfortunate but not a surprise.
Did anyone else cringe when you saw the peel on the Flir camera?
Linus knows what he was doing with that dbrand wallet 💀
Linus does the thugshaker
So, the Google transfer wizard is improving, it's almost as good as the Samsung Smart Switch app. Google is playing catch up here, because Samsung's solution has been transferring settings like your home screen layout for ages, and your account logins, which I noticed Google is finally getting better at doing.  As for that thermometer function - someone needs to up their cooking game. That accuracy of reading is good enough for checking if your pan is ready to sear, if a food is getting too cold, or isn't cold enough yet. Using an IR thermometer made a huge difference in success with a good sear and less sticking, and combined with a probe thermometer gets you to chef qualify results. Now all the Pixel needs is a USB-C connected temperature probe.
the audio of the vid is very trippy for me using a headphone, goind left and right every seconds
I would buy any device with the intent to use it for 7 years if the battery isn’t easily swappable.   Gaskets are a thing. Phones don’t have to be glued together.
Temp sensor aint great, but you also didnt use it right.
It's not about someone not using a phone for 7 years.  It's good for people who buy the phone used. They will have the updates. The content on this channel has seriously gone down hill and I still feel it's not honest or transparent after all the previous issues.
I really like the Pixel 8 much better than the Pixel 8 Pro. I have a Pixel 8 and it is perfect, I look at the 8 Pro and think it is not perfect.
It slides into the pocket because of the camera bump's rounded corners
That 8 Pro's color is just.. amazing. I'm sure it looks even better in real life too.  Dbrand, are you listening?
Thar she slides!!!
compare q pro vs quest3 ;)
can we not use widescreen format? just seems outdated and not better than a taller format.
The camera bar is not polarizing.
I ended up getting that hazel pixel 8. I sure as hell did NOT need it because I have the pixel 7P but couldn't help it. The 8 looks so pretty and I love that hazel color
Oh, cute, so Google has some of the transfer capabilities of the iPhone finally...  P.S.: Sorry, had to, after all the years of taking crap from the android crowd
Got mine since yesterday, it got really really hot after transfering all the old files from my s20. Magic eraser works like crap for me, does alot of unrealistic stuff. Im kinda dissapointed.
Please… we say “Used”, not “daily driven” it’s a phone, not a car 😂🤦‍♂️
8:40 ....imagine ur not intelligent enough to enable aod so u can unlock it easily :))
Got my P8Pro.  Love everything about it, except,  it is a bit jerky and stutters a lot of the times when scrolling in many apps including Google's Discover.   Anyone else experiencing same thing?
10 mins 38, sums this guy up completely
That heat issue is easy to avoid. Just put a case on it so it can properly overheat like the others.
Dark skin people the pixel 8 is showing different over exposed face color to lighter color on videos it’s showing u look pale when doing videos 😂but it’s still good videos
I've had the 8 Pro for 3 days so far having upgraded from the 7 Pro. One thing that's really surprised me is that the 8 Pro feels much better to hold, I don't think the 7 Pro was bad by any means but the 8 Pro just feels better. Not entirely sure why, could be the flat screen this year and/or the matte finish to the back glass. Whatever it is though I like it.
Is this an advert?
Every other video says you're not supposed to measure skin temperature with it and the only thing Linus tests is his skin temp lol
A few pointers: I would MUCH rather have the camera bar on the Pixel than the stair climbers on the iPhone 15 Pro/Pro Max!  At least Pixel won't rock like a front porch rocking chair! As for battery, it looks like your slide @ 4:37 shows Pixel 8 and 8 Pro at least have longer battery life than the 7 and 7 Pro.  I got great battery life on my 7 Pro so this is good news for my new 8 Pro.  I've been using my 8 Pro for two days now and I'm actually getting better battery life than on the 7 Pro and Adaptive Battery hasn't even learning my usage yet. As per temperature: I asked ChatGPT "What is the safe temperature of mobile CPUs?"  It's answer was "The safe temperature for a mobile CPU can vary depending on the specific device and model. In general, temperatures between 40-65 degrees Celsius (104-149 degrees Fahrenheit) are considered safe for most mobile CPUs. However, it is important to check the manufacturer's specifications for your specific device to ensure that you are operating within safe temperatures. It's also worth noting that running your device at lower temperatures can help extend its lifespan.  Given that Google has put copper tape on the CPU and covered the battery and CPU/RAM, etc with thick Graphite, the 44.4 degree Celsius (111.92 Fahrenheit) temperature should not affect the phone at all.  iPhone 15 Pro Max phones have recently recorded temperatures as high as 117 degrees Fahrenheit.   You have to wake the screen, let the fingerprint reader icon appear on the screen and then scan you fingerprint.  You have to do the same thing on Samsung phones.  It's not Google's fault you don't know how to use it.  LOL FYI, Google stated that a another camera update is coming soon to the Pixel 8 series that will enhance video/photo and AI functionality.   The photo editing tools take a little while to download.  I had the same issue when I got my Pixel 8 Pro, but it only takes about 10-15 minutes to download, then you are good to go.  Not sure why or what it is downloading, but... Great video, enjoyed watching.
I'd rather have a camera lip.  You can't set these dumb phones down on a table and type on them!
All these google commercials mocking apple, and then they release phone with identical cpu but with LOCKED features on more expensive model. Jesus that is cringe.
This should be the phone he uses as his daily so we know if they give the 7 years of updates
Man are you still using a Samsung Galaxy Note 9?
I was kinda thinking…..what if Labs ran a battery test with phones on calls? They can make their own cellular networks, so since most marketing material have the different durations. Gaming is a good way to run a battery down, but aren’t calls a little more realistic?
Why would you even try using the phone without the always on display on!?
Does Linus take adderall?
"I don't know what your doing over there." I'm sorry who wrote those subtitles? You should fire them for such a basic mistake lol
External display is supported?
Google should add a Fingerprint-Sensor to the  Lock-Button and a physical Switch to select between loudness Profiles - then there wouldn't be a reason to switch for 7 years - except Google decides to drop the support earlier
Linus! You're the first person I've seen mention the sharpness of the camera strip.  Do you tend to feel it while using either of the phones? And does it make it uncomfortable to hold/use?
Im still using my pixel 6 and honestly its the first phone that i have that i dont feel like changing after a year or 2. i haven't had any anoying bug in like a year, its been rock solid. if they indeed give 8 year support i might switch to a used 8 in a year
10:30 My dirty brain lol
you do need a new phone
Comment sections is talking like they have to teach an elderly person how to use a smartphone
i mean, making the camera bump an issue ist hilariously
Too be honest you sound good and look great on the 8 pro 👍
Guys... come on... your isn't you're. Don't let yourself be brainwashed by GenZ. ;)
Does this guy have a clue what he's on about?
It's really not that hard to use a fingerprint sensor....I promise 😂.
why do you go first for display specs when battery capacity and timespan between charges under normal and/or light use are way more important. if I don't get 2-4 days out of a new phone it's trash. I mean my phone has 5,3k mAH and it's from jan 2020. I still get 2 days between charges out of it at least. if I use "super battery saver" I get a full weekend of normal to slightly more than normal use out of it. I didn't need to charge it during the festival weekend this summer even with taking pictures and filming vids a couple of times.
Wow, got to 9 minutes into this video and had enough. It’s obvious from the start, from the intonation in this guys voice that we wasn’t going to like the pixel phone. How much did Apple Pay him to make this video? I’m off to Techspurt who tells it like it is, with unbiased reviews and only truths about bloody Apple products.
"One of this controversies around this phone is the blurriness of the front-facing camera." Bullshit. Pixel from 7 Pro forward has always had amazing front-facing cameras. More FUD from Linus.
According to your numbers that you had for the peak brightness of the devices, it looks like you were actually in HDR, unless you have the numbers backwards on your stats section at 3:19.
Gotem!! Haha
7 years of updates just mean the days of meaningful android updates are long, long gone.
Wait, google only now added transferring your home screen layout? Samsung legitimately had that for YEARS
Excellent channel and video - ummiing and r'ing on the Pro - had to trade in some old gear for one but likely not to upgrade smartmobiles all that much like every 2-3 years
Quick Q on 4K Video - is the Quality very good and does it degrade if you shoot video with subjects in the distance, low light and especially with Tele photo Zoom - expect 5x to be good (optical zoom limit on Pro) but anything close, e.g., 10x will go to Mush.
Quick Q -- for the Google specials of 'Magic Eraser, Photo Unblur and other enhanced Photo filters; do I / punters need to buy Google Photos one  Subscription plan to use these art tools.    Sort for Q - only got a mega'ish old Android.
0:25 Camera shelf perhaps?
Good to see Linus doing videos again
The screen recording prompted your fingerprint because the phone was locked.
Thermal camera is for beer temperatures..
i had pxl 6 .... full of bugs
If you enable "Lift to check phone" the display will turn on when you pickup the phone so the fingerprint sensor will be ready. There is also "Tap to check phone". These settings are on Pixel 7 Pro but I'd imagine they are available on Pixel 8 too.
The battery won't last that long.
Do people really put their phone in their pockets like that? I put my phone in my pocket upside down
overrated and biased af
I find the background music a little bit too loud and annoying.
ahh the monthly "I dont *review* phones anymore" video featuring a new phone and Linus :D
I have the 6 pro and love it still.
The "polarizing" camera bump? That's not a thing, Linus!  I prefer that the camera bump goes all the way across, so the phone doesn't wobble when placed on a table.
Half a day and 40% battery gone without even using the phone. I just had it in my pocket... On the other hand I used my Xiaomi 13 all the time and it still was at 92%
tell me you don't use a pixel without telling me you don't use a pixel
8:43 you can unlock near instantly when in always on display. But not if you disable that
You used the same Pixel 8Pro shot of James and David when showing off the Pixel 8s 50MP main camera.
I'd like to see a short circuit on the new steel series alias mics
Why do tech reviewers spend so much time reviewing the phone appearance when most people slap a case on them? Anecdotally, the vast majority of of people I encounter use cases.
90 percent of the people will put a car in the phone and the camera bump will not be an issue.
8:45 i find it's a little picky about how you put your finger on it but after some habit it works fine. (pixel 7)
What's Linus' daily driver?
i cant understand why google does not support 5g in other countries like for exaple greece
How slow fingerprint sensor comparing to ultrasonic samsung have?
Thats why side mounted fingerprint scanners are simply better, on the power button for the right thumb.
I love the way the cameras are on the pixel. Love my pixel six pro
That video movement delay is one of my biggest annoyances with Pixels... sometimes I miss a shot on video because the phone tries to stick to the previous subject
Damn that finger print sensor would be a deal breaker for me. If its not as fast as a One Plus or Motorola underscreen sensor, then its way slower than either of those.
11:40 It prompted a fingerprint unlock because the phone was still locked. You used the double-tap-power-button thing to open your Camera, but first you accidentally locked your phone.
I got mine actually two days ago, it arrived a day early in the mail.   Coming from a OnePlus 7T Pro, it's really nice, but the one thing I hate is the volume buttons being below the lock button. One-handed screenshots are a pain in the ass.   Always on display makes the fingerprint reader always there, and the unlock is really fast.
Face recognition will always be my go to tbh. Never understood why this is a deal breaker especially on the major brand phones.
8:43 this reason alone is a reason not to buy this phone, that's craaazy. That it has to be active to use finger print -- dropped that ball google.
You need to have always display for FP
if the company supports long term commitment you say, you are not sure whether you want to use or not. If the company didn't want to commit long term you will bash those people, what do you want them to do ?
If possible could you bring back the little blinky dot that follows the conversation on the charts. I really found them really useful.
Until the Pixel uses an ultrasonic fingerprint sensor it's a hard pass. Im dyin to jump ship, but that 2nd class fingerprint sensor is an absolute deal breaker
I just got an 8 pro, coming from a 7 non pro, and I couldn't agree more about the sizes. I really wish I could get a non-pro sized, pro phone. The 7 was like the perfect size for me. I will learn to live with the size of the bigger phone... but that doesn't mean I like it. Overall I really dislike this industry-wide trend of only physically larger devices getting the best features even though I begrudgingly understand from a business perspective. It makes a lot less sense to make 4 size/option variants than 2, and it would make it even harder to justify the price bump if the pro and non-pro phones were the same size.
I don't think any form of fingerprint sensor will top Google's older back-sensor.  I basically never used the power button to turn on the device, as it would wake and unlock with the fingerprint on the back.  I could unlock and open my phone while taking it out of my pocket.  I've had a Samsung with a under-display reader for 6 months now and I'm still hardly used to it.    Just bring it back Google.  It'll fit just under the camera bump.  Or move the camera bump up more, if that's the issue.  No one else has cameras so low on the phone.
Poor Linus...  He is so out of touch because he has been immersed in the  'business tech bubble' for so long (receiving product to review/keep, new product launches).  I unsubscribed from his channel several years ago due to his ad-heavy content.   In 2023, he comes off as more of a ad sales person than a tech person.  He seems obsessed to place as many product-related ads into each video he creates to the point it is overwhelming.     Google has found its place in the phone market with Pixel and if you buy a 7 or 8, you will see very little reason to buy an overprice Apple product (throughout their range).  1) Phones may have many owners over their life and a 7-year availability of patches makes that phone/eco system more valuable over time.  This is an excellent way of discouraging the insanity of annual phone replacements as a disposable item. 2) The use cases of regular users are not about the best of everything in a phone but a balance of features, sales price, and ecosystem.  Not the fastest chip or the latest AI feature 3) Glad we have more tech content in 2023 than in the past.   Time moves on and before you know it, a 'trusted voice' falls out of favor  1996 - Chris Pirillo was an influential technology personality --- until he was no longer.     His tactics are losing him subscribers as the public has spoken and moved to the man with 20 million subscribers hailing from N.J.
After 2 days of use. Im worried about battery life and heat. Its impoved over the 6 pro but not enough
They're very solid phones and 7y OS support is amazing, finally they improved in that! And yes why wouldn't a flagship last as long, others did and with OS support it will not feel as old over time. This will make others thing about offering longer support, but Google needs to gain more traction with Pixel line to make more pressure. Also offer it more worldwide in general.
Damm my samsung a53 can defeat a pixel 8 pro in fingerprint war even while my phone is turned off
The iPhone camera has a level indicator too, it’s just hidden in the settings..but this years pixel is really good.
Question: Genshin Impact showed better performance on the Pixel 7 than Pixel 7 Pro? Is that accurate? Any ideas on why that's happening?
Why don't people realise that saying "off of" is simply incorrect and meaningless because the correct preposition is "from" i.e. not from "you can get your data  off of your old device" but instead "you get your data from your old device". English is easy, when spoken properly...
@10:58 did Linus sound like Shaggy saying "old pall Samsung"?
Is it a record player in background ? Whats the brand ?
Nearly all of the little complaints like fingerprint and face unlock are easily fixed in the settings. I love my Pixel 7 Pro but I did need to spend a little time tweaking settings and installing overlays to get the phone exactly how I want.
I've ported my homescreen since the Pixel 4xl  nothing new there...
The phone is so uncomfortable! The camera bump is so sharp it is almost dangerous.
Where is the Xperia 5 V review?
To be honest, it is well shown how annoying at first with optical on screen fingerprint sensor. It requires AOD to have some sort of marker on the screen and it will read it.
Verge reported the same about video recording stabilisation
I think the G3 is performing pretty well out of the box. Looking forward to future optimizations.
I think you new phone should be pixel 8pro.
Linus has gotten too comfortable with his success and now he does not put much effort in making his videos anymore. Prime example is that ad read. Literally just pull out a phone and read from the note app.
The 7 series was already great, the 8 is awesome, hype or no hype
rotate your wrist twice to change to selfie camera
All Google needs now is a snap dragon gen 4 for pixel in the pixel 9 pro starting at 1100 and I’m turning team pixel for sure
How is it that Linus a tech reviewer seems to know less about this phones function and UI than me, a consumer, who is merely interested in the phone and spent 30ish minutes researching it. I've never even owned a Pixel phone and I knew the "solution" to many of the functional issues he brought up. Not trying to jump on the LTT hate train, but maybe try using the phone before getting on camera and giving a review?
That temperature sensor has to be the most gimmicky thing Google has ever included in one of their phones, and that is saying something.  They say it can't be used to take a human's body temp, and to accurately take the temperature of an object you'd have to get your hand 2 inches away to begin with. If my hand is 2 inches away from something that is hot enough to burn me I'm going to figure that out WAY quicker by virtue of my hand being 2 inches away, rather than waiting for google's little sensor to give me an exact reading.
I got a hand on. It really feel like plastic
this was painful to watch. linus is clueless
The camera bump is a non-issue, and for me on my Pixel 7, it's actually a positive. It's a grip point when removing the phone from a pocket and it's a stable base when the phone is on a flat surface, allowing for use without the phone wobbling.
10:22
No western Youtubers are talking about the thermal throttling issues this phone have. 😊
Linus…
Asks if they have a Pixel 7 handy to compare the intensity of the visor. Grabs a 7A, which has a much narrower visor and protrusion and is not a good comparison.  Glad the drama over the past few months has made sure the LTT folks do their homework. *sigh*
Has a great Samsung display and pretty good Sony cameras .
I don't understand always on displays. They just waste battery life.
I do wish they made an pixel 8 sized pixel 8 pro too! Hopefully next gen!
1:01 @Linus, please keep the hip movements for your wife at the privacy of your home.
What's going on Linus? At least research the features prior to a review.
3:21  is it supposed to read 1600nits (sdr) instead of 1600(hdr)? hdr is generaly higher nits, no? Similarly at  3:56.
Man my Xiaomi Mi11 still going strong even against newer flagships, it was about as expensive as the pixel 8, but still fully fledged 1440p 120hz display powerful sd888 procesor fast charging big battery and a good main sensor
11:29 *you're
iPhone 15 Pro is currently having loads of articles about how it reaches 42C, Google apparently decided to outdo them and went to 44C.
That back-visor is better than bump since it actually allows you to put the phone down on flat surface and it won't wobble or be awkward
camera bump is fine as long as it doesnt make the phone rock on a table
11:29 uh oh
Personally, I probably won't have the Pixel 8 for seven years, but I know 2nd hand owners will benefit greatly from this.
Not gonna lie, but this is probably the worst LTT review in years, Linus is just making a deal of BS things.
The horizontal leveling has been there forever AFAICR, other brands also have it despite might not be the default.
Linus. Let’s be real here; You can’t escape the LG Wing.  C’mon
This image quality is even better than every 200mp camera and even in an iphone 14 this is not a cellphone anymore is like DSLR damn
Not an issue since almost everyone runs a case over the lip.
Nothing new in smartphone world, gonna stick to my Poco X3 Pro for a while
I love how dumb they act when demoing the phone…..good acting
You dont put your phone in your pocket upright, its not a glass of water what are we savages
I only have a pixel 6 but personally, i love the bump. Feels nice to hold? I never put my fingers on the lens too.
Just bought the pixel 8 to replace my fold 3. Still getting used to it, but I like it. And price point is just perfect for regular 8!
Sounds like it might be worth tweaking your battery life test, to be a % on a static screen, as more and more phones come with variable refresh rate these days.
Google's finger print sensing is just rubbish. When will they solve it?
Gen 4 was only 4 years ago. It really wasn't that long ago.
The design looks horrible
Received mine on Wednesday and it finally feels like a smart phone. It's just smart, feels premium and looks awesome. I love it.
When android makes a statement for 7 year OS upgrades then all the people have problem but when apple does it nobody has any objection or problem. Also 60% of iphone users tend to get carried away with the hype of a new iphone launching and since all older iphone models tend to start showing some problems during a new iphone launch people tend to buy a new iphone everytime a new series comes out
I thought Linus retired..
shortlinus HAHAHAHAH
I love my pixel but I do hate the visor because if you have any money in your pocket.....it's coming out with the phone 😂
All those (CPU) cores and I bet the *camera app will still launch slow* .
I haven't had a Google phone since the Nexus 6p. I'm loving this 8 pro coming from a s23u
After watching this review. Why would anyone ever spend 1k on the pixel when they can spend 1k on an iPhone and get a better experience. Why is google pricing the phone so high if it can’t compete with competitors 🫤
had a pixel pro 7, Constant no gps problems, overheated in car with aircon on and software was buggy as hell. Wont touch a google phone again.
Pro or no pro? I'm curious on your thoughts 👇
Hey @shortcircuit Thanks for finally adding *some* data to the charging graphs for the speed (now includes what charger was used). You still don't show the difference in battery size in between the phones compared, which is [not great] to say the least. Linus says that the batteries are different sizes, but doesn't mention anything past that
Please linus learn how to use the phone before reviewing it :)
Anyone else confused, if this is a real scene or just fancy greenscreen?
Me with my xiaomi 67w charge hmhmhmhm
Big user error with the fingerprint reader
The pocket lanyard... it's time to swap that out.
Really refreshing to see Linus breaking it down to what's new, what's not, what works well and what does not.  Just takes away some hype from these marginal improvements
10:23 I HATE MY MIND XD
My Samsung S10e does exactly the same thing with the level in the camera mode - Android 12
It does get caught on pockets all the time. Dropped mine because of it.
Can we please admire the audacity of the one that put the lit-up ShortCircuit logo in the background up wrong?
I wish they go back to the hardware fingerprint scanner that the 5 had. It was perfect. It always worked unlike the in-screen one and it's location was more accessible.
My biggest pro for the camera bar is the fact it doesn't rock when my phone is on the table and I'm typing. I'm coming from an iPhone 14 Pro, and the slimmer design of the Pixel 8 and the slighlty lighter weight is definitely noticeable.
I thought android phones used to be cheaper than iphones? as an iPhone SE enthusiast I dont ever see switching.
I wouldn't trust him with kids.
How this person call himself a reviewer when u don't know about any settings in android 😐
8:40 that is stupid. It should start reading right away, should not wait to wake it...
Jesus Linus, you can get the phone to act the way you want it to in most, if not all, of the ways you want it to, you just have to Google how to do it. Or just read the comments, theres enough people telling you.
Is that a fart @ 1:18 ?
Entire comment section teaching Linus how to use a smartphone 😂👏
1000th comment
8:45 can someone teach Linus how to use a Pixel ffs. Turn AOD first, then test fingerprint scanner. Why do a "review" with a person who doesn't use Pixel phones in the first place. Riley could of done better job.
The fact Linus puts his phone in his pocket port down, is lunacy. Port up, so when you grab it out, its the right way up. How bout yall?
8:30 you're putting it down and picking it straight back up and its not waking when you lift it. Put it down for more than a second or two, let it actually go to sleep and when you move the phone, it will make up automatically so then it will work the way you're trying to get it to.
Before you start doing a *Review please do some research, so that you don't embarrass yourself by trying to do something that clearly works.  For example, the temperature sensor doesn't work (yet) on Human skin.
Why are iphone videos so much fking better. Like cmn it's been so long, my iphone 6s take better video than this. I'm not even kidding
Matt finish is on the pro not the base 8
Let me guess more half baked content. Truly, they didn’t do the research first.
these reviews are so off the cuff.
The 7a has the smaller camera bump not the 7 my man
at 1:18 did linus say compaireing the 7 to 7a, is he holding the 7 or the 8 in his right hand? LMG team?
I'm really tempted to buy the 8 Pro, I own a Pixel 4a, but I think I'll wait
I hope a camera and processor comparison to the Iphone is coming. Those are the 2 biggest things for us. Seems like I can never get an android to feel fast longer than 6-12 months where Iphone always seems quick. Camera for everyday family activates is super important to us.
I really feel like there needs to be more time taken before uploading videos like this. I get it's a first impression video, but it's as if no research has been done at all.   Enable to AOD so you can use fingerprint straight away, take the time to do the updates, do some exploring of the phone to uncover some features. You can make a better first impression video and a better review because of this. Even things such as testing the temp sensor; acknowledge where the sensor actually is on the device and take that into account when testing it against the pro grade thermal camera, because you were literally checking the temps for different areas entirely. Not to mention it's not even been updated to support skin temp checking.   You can give off a bad impression of a product, when it is in fact brilliant. And I will say, the 8 Pro is brilliant as I have one myself. So you're doing a bit of a disservice to the viewers who may rely on this video when it comes to purchasing the device.
petition for Linus to daily drive one of these phones for a month
The best google phone I won't be buying
Pretty sure DBrand is happy anytime Linus beats one off for them 🙄
The lip is fixed by using a case. I don't understand why none of the reviewers ever use freaking cases
Is this the Cheap Dollar Store version of unbox therapy 🤯
That transfer adapter can just be used as a USB-A to C I think. I have one from an old pixel and I use it all the time. Unless they changed it recently
All of this applies to apple, but no-one pointed out that in apple’s unboxing video
YOU ALL don't skip the mid sponsored section this time, it's worth it :P
The worst Pixel 8 and 8 Pro review on Youtube currently. And I don't ont even own the phone.
Important note for charging testing: Please pay attention to and publish the exact USB-PD spec, Pixels can take advantage of USB-PD 3.0 PPS
Not a fan of the audio track while you were talking. It's distracting
I honestly expected a superior review from Linus being the host. However, this has been significantly subpar. Up to those point, I don't think I'm going to finish this video
i love how linus shocked by the pixel 8
What is going on with the bad audio?
Pretty crazy they didn't update the fingerprint reader since the 6 but it works ok when you're used to it, and personally I'm not a big fan of the "lift to wake" functionality, but the tap to wake up the screen works well, eventually you just do it while grabing your phone without even thinking about it.
The graph showing the battery duration 4:23 is in decimal hours. While correct, it's more easy for the viewer the hours: minutes format
Outside of just reviewing the device youre displaying some character traits that lets us know youre not a good person.
I'd never take the non-pro version because of the missing features, and I'd never take the pro version because of its size. What are they thinking?
id take that lip over any other smartphone camera implementation, cause you can atleast lay it flat on the table and it wont rock around like an iphone if you press the opposite corner touchscreen
I would really appreciate you reviewing the Fairphone 5!
1:05 "She Slides" nice 1 Linus !
Sick phone. The camera bump might be big but most people put a case on their phones so it doesn't really matter. Also I doubt this phones battery will last seven years to get the updates anyways. Their batteries have always been their greatest weakness, I'm still rocking a 6A and battery life has been rotten from day one but I knew that going in and for my needs it's not a big issue but it has gotten noticeably worse over a short period of time, less than a year, so I doubt anyone would get all those updates so really it sounds cool but it's pretty much just lipstick on a pig.     That said the 8 pro looks sick and I don't know what's going on with colors on phones this year but that blue is the best color out so far, the iPhone 15 colors are pretty lame TBH. 🤘
Just gonna snatch ROG 7 rather than this overpriced phone. The spec is not that appealing. I am guessing this phone is not for gaming. and the charging is not that fast (only at 23W for the most). My Reno 5 phone can charge at 60W.
5:48 I think there is no reason to be afraid of burns, because while you are holding the device your body will absorb some of the energy so the temperature will decrease to a safer level.
Just design wise, i think matte colors and finishes always look better and more premium than glossy finishes
if the camera is that big, why not thicken the body and add a bigger battery?
Yeah faceId is the future. The sooner Android phones get there the better
I really didn't see any hype around these lol
Im always tempted by the pixels. trying to decide if I want to wait to upgrade my s21 ultra until the s24 comes out, or maybe try something new like the pixel 8 pro
The full brightness of the display only kicks in for a short amount of time under bright sunlight. It's a software override of otherwise hard cap for manual brightness slider.
Imagine waking up at night in the dark with those dilated pupils and looking at these babies. Your eyes are receiving bursts of 2000 nits but your brain perceives like 100 nits. Burn! Hallelujah o' retina, its been nice having ya.
still junk
If the Pixel 8 Pro Thermometer is within 1 - 2 degree difference between the $10K est. FLIR IR device, then that is impressive!
They stuffed up the p6p , the p7p , so i won't be going back .
Dammm thise videos looked crisp even when the lenses were in direct studio lights. Usually in other phones everything behind the light would be night time
The heat issue...google will have to create a case with two or four tiny fans attached as a separate accessory for gamers and take credit for their original idea as always..lol...
It's a pity they don't support dp alt mode
6:21 It still has a subpar CPU for top price
How is the battery life? I hear it is not so good and i want to order the 8 pro
Love to see the charging times improved (and tested!) :D
Still can't understand, why to put security chips and put an optical finger print sensor.
Linus, Pixels have tap to wake. Getting the fingerprint sensor ready doesn't require the power button, just a quick double tap on the screen.
Has the tech to change the closed eyes, doesn't do it.
This video is entertaining to watch (why is Linus so likeable) and some minor aspects come up that other reviewers have not mentioned, but is this supposed to be a review or more like a first impressions video? I can't really tell. Maybe something to discuss internally?
It's been more than 5 years since I charged at night, you just have to use the right phones.  It's way way expensive for me unfortunately, I set a phone budget of maximum 600 euro counting a 2 year lifetime (25 euro per month just for a phone seems steep as it is but acceptable), my current phone is badly cracked at 2.5 years - unlucky drop on the corner  and bounced off the other corner - so I just can't really expect it to last a lot more than that. Currently used s22 ultra, s23, pixel 7 pro ('like new' condition, with warranty) are all a hair above that budget... I know inflation... my wage didn't follow inflation.
Fingerprintreader not beeing in the powerbutton is the dealbreaker for me.
0:57 no one puts their phone in their pocket like this lol
Bro is a tech youtuber but doesn't know how to use a pixel ☠️
Hype? .. for a potato peeler? hmmm ..
Adding background music like you did... Ehhhhh, it sounds out of place with Linus lol
Dbrand got the clip they need 😂😂
The good thing about the 7 years of updates is that in the future, you can buy a used one for cheap and still get a lot of support
I got caught not trusting your company
Note to video editors: 3:19 — "1600 nits (HDR)" should be "1600 nits (SDR)" (as Linus said at 3:34) 3:49 — "1400 nits (HDR)" should be "1400 nits (SDR)".
It's 10-120hz on the pixel 8. Also the camera bar makes it stable on a table.
There is a thing called Always-On-Display. 7:55
Very different kind of review video. Very enjoyable. As for the Pixels, I'm buying the 7 of last year because of its handsome looking squarish corners.
5:09 the charts are wrong. The results for the two pixel 7 devices look swapped.
The old man can't use gestures anymore, reverts to three button navigation 💀
I just wish they came to SA, super gutted. #dreamphone
It seams to me, that both photos from Pixel 8 and Pixel 8 Pro are same. James and Linus hand on monitor have exactly the same position.
As a p7 pro user, its impressive to see how hot the camera bump can be
The Flir should have a microbolometric sensor while the phone probably has a multispectral IR sensor. You can guess which technology produces more accurate results and also which one costs more.
one drop from knee height shattered my front glass and killed the touch screen on my pixel 7 pro. very poor signal reception from the samsung chipset. other that i did love the phone. oo didnt like the curved edge of the screen.
I haven't cared about phones in ages - I'm daily driving an iPhone 7 with a broken camera - so it's really refreshing to finally watch a phone review again.
He doesn't even know about the device he's testing  You can enable settings that will unlock the device without swiping AOD can be enabled  Tap to wake is also there
the charging speed in 27w not 23w
i also got one, and its really good
I've been daily driving Pixel 7 since last year and the biggest drawback for me is the battery life. I didn't have a phone with battery life this bad for years, Pixel 7 consistently dies out in the evening after a day of moderate use. Seeing that Pixel 8 is even worse makes me wanna go different direction if I ever wanna upgrade.
Blablablablabla
10:35 oh yeah, that's gonna be a meme right there
1:53 it's a 10-core GPU, not 7 ^^
Sony Xperia smokes the pixel , its more yes , but its miles better
Fingerprint on the power button works so flawlessly, I'll never understand why this isn't universal
Claims no room for headphone jack. - Jams in pointless temp sensor instead.
The temperature measuring device now provided by Pixel 8 Pro in my opinion is a rediculous new phone iteration! Is it there simply to up the price! Is there any dialogue whatsoever between Google and Google Customers other than money exchange!!! I am a Google customer. I enjoy use of my Pixel 6 Pro but now I think I need to watch more carefully my money than Google products.....
Upvoted all the comments stating the obvious, but adding my voice here as well: do better guys, you have multiple Pixel users in the team who could've corrected Linus on the spot - it's obvious he's been out of the loop for a while, but this video puts the phone in a much worse light than it should. I believe James has / had a Pixel and he didn't say a thing about how Linus was struggling with the fingerprint reader, face unlock, camera switching. I'm sure ya'll can do better
I still use the Nokia Lumia 1020 🤣
I wouldn’t trust Google to actually keep the update promises. I also wouldn’t buy that phone to even try to use for that long because even if the software stays up to date it’s gunna be missing key fundamental pieces of hardware when it comes to connectivity which is the main point of a phone.  Plus, your battery on that thing will need to be replaced wayyy sooner and Google doesn’t have a retail presence to make that an easy matter to get taken care of. You either have to go to a third party repair shop or do it yourself
Not Linus doing dbrand dirty..😂😂 Man i love those cases
For me, the best solution to unlocking the phone was the Samsung Note 8. You pull it out and it is immediately unlocked (there was a scanner at the back) and when your hands are dirty, you can use the scanner at the front.
After seeing the android world on faceid and the fingerprint situation , I remember that there's faceid on iPhone to I almost forgot about it
Me and many others haven't even had their Pixel 7 Pro last for a year before screen failures, modem failures, camera issues etc. I bought the pixel 7 pro due to the hype as well, I was utterly disappointed.
Buying a pixel 8 should be illegal for underaged: Gambling every day whether google keeps supporting the phone.
pff I'm still using Huawei mate 10 pro, my friends use  galaxy s7 and Lg G4 with power bank case.  There will be a users that will use longer that 7 years.
is your tshirts' design AI generated?
Something I haven't seen a single youtuber mention yet, 7 years of software support doesn't necessarily make the phone worthy to be used for 7 whole years straight. People change their phone after 4 or 5 years. It's the fact that After 3 years this will still be a worthwhile purchase knowing that I will get 4 more years of software support. Hell I might even consider it after 5 years knowing it will have 2 additional years of software left.
I think Dbrand got its money worth when they got linus to "mas@urbate" on screen😂😂
some echo
You know it’s embarrassing when people are giving more helpful tips than the guy called “tech tips”
What's up with some of the top smartphone brands lagging behind so much with charging speed and not even providing chargers? Pixel and Sony both topping at 30W Samsung 45W Iphones freaking 27W Meanwhile others like Motorola, Xiaomi, Vivo, Oppo, Oneplus, Asus all have upper mid range phones over 60W and their best phones around 120W.
I have questions for cameraman.  they once tried DJI LiDAR for a manual camera (red).  I watched them do it and it worked well.
Xiaomi POCO F5, $400, arguably better specs, hardware fingerprint reader, can flash pixel software (or better) onto it… 🤷‍♂️
I needed a new phone. I wanted to join the Pixel family. Waited for the Pixel 8 reviews to come out. I guess I better be careful with my current phone. It needs to last another full year. Google, get your sh!t together.
Remember when dbrand advertised their cases as being magsafe compatible and they weren't and then many months later announced cases with actual magnets in them and deleted anything from their false advertising campaign
lol, come on then Apple haters, iPhone backups have restored your phone complete with wall paper, layout, call history, messages, settings etc etc etc for as long as I can remember yet here it’s being lauded as an amazing feature.
how many subscribers did you lose?
I got burned by the buggy mess that was the Pixel 6 Pro, I wont be going back to pixel phones anytime soon.
Linus seems like he is about to go over the edge
There was a hype? In my bubble most people questioned the promise of seven years and were disappointed how they seemingly barely improved anything on the hardware-side. Not to mention the artificial locking of software features for the non Pro version and older phones. AI and all is fine, but probably not a reason for many to buy the 8 over the currently MUCH cheaper 7.
This review sounded very biased.
This was a really good video from Linus as it highlight issues that every day users will likely come across. The Pixel line up still needs a lot of refinement in hardware to come close to the likes of Samsung, Xaomi and other big brands.
I went from a Pixel 4a5G to a 7 Pro. Both good phones. I would never use a phone without a case though. I also much prefer fingerprint scanner to face unlock
Nice
And what's the wrong with the plastic? Actually, I would like a phone has a polycarbonate back rather than that  fragile glass one.
You should have changed material to organic matter when taking our own temperature.
That temperature sensor is so useless, what did Google think? This is even more useless than the Radar sensor on the Pixel 4.
To be quite honest Linus you really grandpa-handled the whole fingerprint reader thing. You don't usually just slam your finger on it as if it was a mech keyboard's key
Coming from the Note 20 Ultra the main thing that's surprised me about the Pixel 8 Pro is how bassy and vibrating the phone is when watching content even at mid levels
Seems like you're an apple fan boy.  First time I came on your video but last time also. Try to be objective.
I really wish that they made a smaller size pro. I really want all the added features of the pro but the size is a deal breaker. I currently use the pixel 7 and even this is a little too big for me.
I dont know anyone at this point who watches videos in 480p on youtube unless the video itself is a 480p please at least make it 1080p. Or is it just a western world thing to watch videos in 480p
I have Googel Pixel 6 and I'm happy with the camera and overall performance. But I won't buy any of the newer models until they resolve that god awful fingerprint reader. It's a shame on Google and their phones.
For nightsight to work you have to take a photo first
0:15 I was one of the first to ask that in one of the many YT clips raving about the 7 years of update when Google first announced it. Looked thru all the comments on that clip before posting and everyone was either praising Google or questioning if Google will really honor that promise.
Another question to ask: Has anything google introduced in the Pixel lasted more than 2yrs?
I'm not a fan of this current fad of calling slightly more featured products "Pro". Like how does a few extra features make it "professional" in any way? It's a meaningless tag like adding "Turbo" or "2000" to the end of product names in the 80's and 90's.
It still has a damn hole in the screen!
that thermometer,  As someone who works with tropical fish for a living one of the most useful features on a phone in years! being able to run around and check that my 30 tanks is acutally at the right temp would that quickly while running around the room would be really handy if accurate.
Why ist every "Western" smartphone so conservative with fast charging? In the east they do like 15Minutes 0-100% and Apple/Samsung/Google all have over an hour charging times. My two year old Xiaomi takes 19 Minutes for a full charge and the battery is still fine so it does not kill your Battery.
Whilst 7 years of updates is nice gesture, but who will keep this smartphone in 7 years? I have an iPhone XS & iOS 17 makes it works a treat!
First main camera shots look disgustingly over-processed. Is there a way to tone that down in the default app?
I really hoped for at least 45W charging, ideally 65W. But not ne crap 45W implementation of Samsung where it does the 45W for like 5 seconds before going down to 30W.
WHY DON'T YOU SAY THAT IT LOOKS EXACTLY SAME AS THE 7 PRO WHEN YOU SAY IT ABOUT IPHONES?
This is a very very poor review..I know y’all are trying to make it fun but it looks like y’all hop on from one thing to another with zero information..and some bias here and there ..bringing out a Samsung in this video was completely unnecessary!!!!..Skip this review if you can!!!
I mean...I can play Genshim on my ip12 pro smoothly. And 8 pro is only 100 cad dollar cheaper than ip15 pro. Someone has to be a real Google fanboy to buy it for gaming. Buying this thing is basically paying IQ tax....
Prepare yourself for Fairphone 5
Enjoy your LG Wing.
Such a stark contrast to most other Pixel 8 Pro uploads I've seen so far, but it's an unboxing channel I I suppose right. To anyone that reads this, just go watch the MKBHD reviews, or anyone else's really. Every other reviewer is raving about the AI tricks and software magic, yet LTT at 14:36 :  "I was hoping to play around with some of the uh... some of the tools for editing photos, but uh... looks like maybe some of that's pending? We're recording this a little EARLY."  Yet they still uploaded it. Clearly didn't want to pay someone another $500 to reshoot I guess. Thought we were through this?
Just compare this video with the iPhone one, it's pretty clear that he just love iPhone for some reason 😅
Prices for the Amazing Google 8 and the iPhone 15 phones. Effective in Australia Friday 13 Oct 2023 are as follows Pixel 8 Pro 128GB: $1,699 Pixel 8 Pro 256GB: $1,799 Pixel 8 Pro 512GB $1,999 iPhone 15 Pro 128GB: $1,849 iPhone 15 Pro 256GB: $2,049 iPhone 15 Pro 512GB: $2,399 iPhone 15 Pro 1TB: $2,749 iPhone 15 Pro Max 256GB: $2,199 iPhone 15 Pro Max 512GB: $2,549 iPhone 15 Pro Max 1TB $2,899.                   Source GIZMODO    iPhone 15 pro has over heating issues and is easily breakable and was advised to NOT even consider it . (Junk)
I love my cheapo chinese phone with a fingerprint reader on the power button. It works super reliably and fast. Under screen fingerprint readers suck!
I would love to buy a new pixel phone, but the bump put me off big times.
If I remember correctly the Google camera reduces the quality of the camera preview on the screen to save processing power and battery, only the photo/video has the maximum quality of the camera
Apparently, the LinusGate isn't over yet, and LTT still produces garbage videos. There are several ways to fix the fingerprint issue. You can use face unlock, to turn the screen on, as soon as you look on the phone, you can use always on for the same, and lastly there's a feature, that I don't know the name of, that wakes up the phone, when you lift the phone up.  Now, people who don't know the Google phone will think, the fingerprint unlock feature on Google Pixel phones sucks, due to another poorly made LTT video.
"Makes a really big difference depending on how you hold it"  THEN PUT IT ON THE TABLE LINUS COME OOOONNN
1:00 seriouly: who put's the phone in the pocket like that? always buttom up!
11:29 I don't know what you're* doing over there
Biased much🙄
It always seems Linus just casually talking to us instead of shooting.
that's not LG Wing
The telephoto camera on the 7 Pro drives me demented because so often once you've zoomed, the software just decides you'd clearly rather have a cropped-in shot from the main sensor, so you end up with potato quality. (And I've tested out various aspects such as distance, light, etc. - doesn't always matter; sometimes you'd take three photos in a row from the very same spot and it would arbitrarily decide to switch lens for 2 of them - its just not reliable and I lost some really potentially great shots from my honeymoon as a result due to it jumping off the telephoto lens to the main, which was the very reason I bought the phone in the first place.)  I really really wish there was a way to force the lens choice - even if Google's AI thinks it knows better. Hell, my older Xiaomi phone could do that.   I'm presuming the 8 Pro is the same - anyone know for sure?
I swear this is like watching an iphone user use Android for the first time. No way he actually uses the s23 ultra 😅
You didn't answer your own question Linus
Pixels have shake to swap cameras not double click
I need the Pixel 7 please
the camera bump is kinda irrelevant when you use a case (which is 99% of users) anyway lol the case will always be designed to be the exact same thickness as the bump, so you shoud include that in the review how much of a brick of a phone it is as a result with a typical case lol
Galaxy s23 Ultra is still better.
In my experience Pixels got use for 7 years of support. My GF got my Old 3xl and I still use my Pixel 5. Still usable and fine, not even slow ( our use is cat pictures and chatting, youtube videos). But the 3xl will get a new battery this weekend, IFixIt still got a Kit and thats the only problem till now.
Thumbs up if you want dbrand to do a La Forge visor skin for their pixel camera "bump" 😂
James Exists! 👀 🎉
at least Google is honest saying "its the best screen they have put on their devices" instead of saying " the best there is" like apple while Samsung has them beat by 2 light years of actual innovation
These phone reviews really need better research behind them
👍 Couple of things though:  5:33 So the same goes for the iPhone and should be corrected in that video!(43-46C reported) Imagine playing AAA games on your iPhone Pro as advertised?🥵 8:11 I agree why the need to touch the screen after unlocking when there are no messages? Otherwize I can understand; you might want to respond to a message on the lockscreen navigate to it instantly instead of having to swipe find and click. I guess AI is not smart enough to distinguish the to?😅 8:22 Can not reproduce this in the firmware the phone launches with! And ahuumm what about double tap Linus!? In the latest firmware picking up to wake and fingerprint unlock works instantly.
I don't know what to think of this review.....
14:09 that’s way too gray”ish”
The only issue that you can't fix via Software update is slow storage (ufs 3.1, not 4.0 like Samsung) and slow fingerprint. Aside from that, i hope Google will give you the option to use software features WITHOUT having to enable cloud photos backup...
Phone or battery won’t last that long lmao
This guy is so irritating
It seems that Linus lost his passion
For the Pixel screens to be max brightness dont they have to be in daylight to boost to that brightness?
8.37 you were not on the "thing"...try to put the screen always ON with the clock. It will show you where to press also. I've a pixel 8 that arrieved yesterday, and I don't have your "problem". when we don't like a device we do everything to prove our point. Your review is very bias. pixel 8 is a fantastic device. 10x than any samsung, iphone etc. I make software for smartphones, I used them all the time for work. I could teach you how you shoud review your devices....but I don't have the energy to do that now. I was hit by a bus, lost part of the brain...don't know if I will be able to work again....everything is hard for me now, seeing bad reviews makes me frustrated also.
i definitely need 120hz 2100NITS for my daily wordle
4:20 actually pixel 8 pro have LOWER resolution display compared to pixel 7 pro when pixel 8 and 7 got same resolution
I'm confused as to what the hype is that you got caught into? 🤔🤔🤔
Linus clearly has a twisted fetish when it comes to gimmick-full android phones
Judging by the comments, I'll skip watching this video. Thanks!!!
My old samsung s10 has a way better finger print reader 😂. This phone is trash, just like Google the company lol
Bro when will google fix their fingerprint sensor ? Its complete garbage since pixel 6...
Battery Endurance using Youtube at 480p and 200nits, Who in their right mind thought that was a good or realistic test.
Cool !
I was planning to wait around August 2024 next year to purchase the Pixel 8 256gb when they cost less, but that didn't happen instead Google has a promotional $300 off for the Pixel 8 with Google Fi data and a trade in for my older Pixel 3 so I went for it. Purchased it today for $500 not a bad deal for a brand new android flagship phone with 7 years of update well worth it for someone like me who don't buy new phones every year.
75min "fast" charging xD
that fingerprint reader is awful. love the samsung s23u even if the display is completely blank you can still tap the correct area and youre unlocked before you even felt your finger touch the screen. and i mean tap, you dont even need to hold its so quick.
I have an iPhone and tried a Pixel. The biometrics and the annoying search bar were deal breakers for me.
stop touching your female staff
I'll never understand why youtubers spend so much time caring about the looks of a phone. I bet 99% of people put it in a case
Do you smell meat cooking? No? Just me?
The LG wing trolls failed if Linus does a review of the Pixel 8 series now.
7 year support. i think the hardware side is gonna hard time keeping up.
Why has LTT stopped doing proper phone reviews?
if you count security updates, then 6s pretty much got 8 years of support, so far. And 5s got an even longer support, being released in September of 2013, its latest update was in January of 2023.
Which phone doesnt transfer your home screen??
Measuring the temperature of the room would be a killer feature
Spent way to long talking about the camera bump jeez...We get it you are not a fan. Its legit the one thing that makes this phone look unique and stand out from all the generic glass slabs.
Still using the Pixel 3 XL. Back fingerprint unlock is the best.
Idk if it's the video, but that phone looks crazy thick compared to contemporaries without the camera ridge. I feel like my S20+ is noticeably thinner by comparison.
"Pixel 8 causes second-degree burns after 2 hours of playing" news incoming 😂
Love these LongCircuits ❤
Switching to the pro from my pixel 5. Been using pixel or google phones since I got rid of the motorola milestone. I will be using a spigen tough armor case.
I have the blak 8p. The aluminum sides seema to be much better on my one. With fingerprint totally fine.   Btw who ever plays 2 hour straight in a smartphone wiethout doinf anything else ... Wtf
You are shockingly unprepared for the review once again. Please do better
that should makee everything matt on thee phone like they do with samsung and iphone it just feels better and looks better
I still don't see why phones need so much ram.
best unlock method is still the fingerprint sensor on the back of the pixel 4/5
These are just camera reviews. If you need to see anything else just buy the phone and be surprised in either a good or bad way.
One of the worst reviews of internet.
That is exactly how we put phones in our pockets. smh
i see star trek reference i like
The 8 Pro pic at 14:14 of Linus is so fucking meme worthy xD
Imagine phone getting 44 degrees hot in Canadian weather conditions, can't imagine how hot it will get in Indian weather conditions, why can't Google move to TSMC??
What about display PWM? It's still madness as Samsung's displays?
I wouldn't trust Google with face unlock probably gets saved on their server with free access to any government agency
Not star trek ..... the turle ninja rafaelo
OMG this dude is sooooooooooooooo FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFf booooooooringggg!!!!
I've owned a Samsung S20 FE since 2021... and I just learned today that I can double press the power button to switch cameras.
Whining about the camera visor that has been on the pixel for 3 generations for 10% of the review...
MAAD RESPECT for effing punch hole and notches and still Rocking a Note 9 💛
What is going on with that mains board and all those cat 45's?!!
I can't even use my Pixel to wireless charge in big elements in my life that have wireless chargers... like my car -- that lip is waaay too much.
I MUCH prefer the visor to a square camera bump as someone who doesn't use a case. Keeps it from rocking when using it on a flat surface.
Need more Linus booty wiggles 1:00
Gimme the Pixel 8a
You need to First choose what material you are measuring tempreature of and Google has yet not rolled out the feature to measure skin tempreature
Make sure you send those back and don't auction them off 😂
Linus bouncing back. 👏👏 F the haters!
10:44 - double - twist to switch lenses (back camera to front camera or vice versa)when you are in camera application. This future has been with Google camera app for ages. 😉
Use gaming mitts to prevent the burn! Time for a new LTT store product.
It's so sad that they moved away from power button finger print sensors. It's just so much more convenient compared to the screen ones.
Watching this pixel review on my pixel 8 pro 🎉, fun to use the new AI features in the camera too
Background music was obnoxiously triggering .... 🤬🤬🤬🤬
I got mine today it's better then iPhone 15 and s23 ultra
I am currently rocking the 6a and you don't need always on display for a faster fingerprint unlock as long as you enable wake display. A tiny shock will wake it up
Any overheating
still using my pixal2xl which stopped getting any updates a while back, great phone still except the battery is about 4 hours of use on a charge now
i call the camera wobble "the chicken head effect"
Dbrand... i can't believe you nailed me on your magsafe case with the wallet not shacking off. There goes $60.
I do like fingerprint unlock when it works however as someone why hyperhidrosis touch id was a super hit an miss. I think its great and more convenient for those that it works most of the time. Best of both worlds please give me face ID and fingerprint scanning in one device  the RND is done its not going to cost much of anything to give us options.
I don’t know how anyone could play a shitty phone game for two hours anyway.
Ouch that was a hard to watch preview. - Fingerprint + Face Unlock at the same time activated: If you press Fingerprint and have Faceunlock activated (see at the ring around the front camera) the phone isn't sure what to. It takes a second then - Temperature Sensor isn't for skin, set the temp sensor condition settings to the right thing and not general  - More drama than anything else
5:47 Gaming on a phone comes with its risks 😎 The concentration is so high the hands gets burn But thats just part of the game No pain No gain
Very incomplete again......
It's a Phone... Who plays a game longer then 5-20 minutes on a phone unless they got a crap on deck that can choke a donkey.
the secondary cameras are impressive. blow the others I've seen out of the water
Next evolution in smart phones comes from AI and Software. The hardware specs are irrelevant these days to a degree. Pixel is leading the way with this.
I love how he was trying to clown the Pixel camera visor. Then quickly realized it wasnt a big deal as he was trying to make. I got say, at least he was honest about not owning a Pixel since the Pixel 4, that goes to show you how these paid YouTubers review a phone without actually owning a Pixel phone.
I never really paid attention to the Google phones. I always thought Samsung was the best brand for tech geeks but the Google phones have altered my thoughts. They're seemingly underrated in my opinion.
You can set the phone to auto unlock when you have face recognition turned on. It's honestly as quick as iPhone. It seems to work just as fast in relatively low light as well. You eventually learn when it'll be too dark for it and just switch to using your fingerprint. It's a pretty great implementation.
7 pro has redicous oherheating issues. So mich so my front camera damaged itself
10:36 👀
Coming to hate my 7 pro. Camera problems, over heating issues, signal issues, humidty in my lens. Its a pocket device. If its not in my pocket im watching movies or shows or skmething. If its not that im chatging it. Ive come to hate this phone. I wil not even consider the 8
I have the option that turns the phone on, when I pick it up, enabled and the face unlock makes unlocking the phone easier
That camera bump is obscene.   I really hope that one day we will move to flush rear cameras and invisible front cameras.
Would also recommend MKBHD's video about the phones. He compares them a bit more to each other, which I think is really interesting in the case 👍🏻 Turns out they are mostly the same, and some features of the 8 pro are are just blocked by software on the normal 8, even tho it would be capable of them (f.e. some camera features) 🤦🏼‍♂️
the front cameras are pixel8ed
44 degree celsius is NOT EVER burning your skin. What a load of bs.
Lol. Go to settings for the tap to check, that optical fingerprint unlocks fast. Since it's your first impression, might be still learning the whole system. Google would get that phone of the year award I'm sure of it like what Pixel 7 Pro did.
At 5:12, why did you use medians instead of means for the frame rates?
I hadn't watched one of your videos since the whole Billet Labs/toxic workplace/misconduct/sexual harassment meltdown.  It's a very different experience.  I used to experience listening to Linus as a pleasant delivery of information by a trustworthy person.  Now everything he says is suspect, because of the changing stories and lies.  Now there's a dark shadow hanging over the pleasant-seeming presentation.    I just can't trust anything Linus says anymore.
You shouldn’t even include your battery tests in the video. Your tests never makes any sense in any review when it comes to battery. Everything else good 👍🏼
There was A LOT of user error in this review.  Reviewing a camera app without knowing how to switch to selfie mode. 🤦‍♂ Please get anyone with *some* knowledge of latest Android OS to do new release reviews.
and i see the comments section is loaded with google drones praising their mighty god google for the shiny toy that does everything except actually work.  smfh.
Tip - if anything goes wrong in the test, these guys share the wrong results instead of running the tests again. Please take any info given on this channel with grain of salt 😬
Dbrand should be very happy of your... excitement
10:54 if you want to switch the cams it's flicking the phone twice. That's the pixels function. It's different from Samsung. How are you a tech guy 😂😂
Still using my Pixel 4a. Works great, but wondering if I should be concerned that my updates ran out in August.
Why hasn't james being fired yet.
Tip: having fingerprint work to wake the phone up is important
fingerprint reader on the back is still the best
why a bad design the customer fault so many shills telling him to turn on the always on display for the fingerscan to work like what?
Face unlock. It means a person can hold it up to your face and unlock it. Without a warrant.
Great video breakdown, Linus! It's always refreshing to see a genuine review that dives deep into the specs and real-world usage. I appreciate the honesty and attention to detail. Even if the Pixel 8 Pro isn't perfect, it's important to have these in-depth insights before making a purchase. Keep up the amazing work!
He had 3 - 4 misstakes in a 17 minute video ...
8 pro should be 100 more lmao😊 not 300
if  its anything like the 7 pro. none of the stats mean crap. the 7 pro is absolute garbage,  ive only had it a few months and have had to replace it 5 times, connection problems, wifi and mobile, apps constantly crash, if they even start up,  and glorious google support dragging it out so long, cant even return it to the store i bought it from because support dragged it past the buyers remorse period. to be honest, google and all of the third party sellers should be taken to court for consumer fraud. hype is all it is. the pixel is trash. and im disappointed that Linus swallowed the hype. though i cant say im surprised since he fell all over himself over the galaxy fold. i have to ask, how much is he getting paid by them to hype their crap
It does not heat up 🙂🙂  why you giving fake reviews
if ur still rocking the note 9 please make a video that it is the best phone even for today
JerryRig: durability test mkbhd: feature and software test linus: sliding into pocket tests
2:35 what you do think this is? 2015?? ofcourse we have the usb-c wall thingy
Oh, and while I mourn that phone makers probably never will give us a 3.5mm jack again... can we at least get a second usb-c port?  You know, with how putting undue mechanical strain on your main data/charging port is an atrocious idea  (and no, BT doesn't do a good job with audio (too many pitfalls, and only hacky solutions allows for even passable bi-directional capabilities))
Also want a 8 pro mini!
Yes but did you take the plastic cover off before the review?
Same mistakes again. A review without latest software? Not showing the main features of photo editing? Trying to measure skin temp when it clearly says cannot measure skin? Complaining fingerprint when always on display isnt set up? To change cameras use gestures, move your hands. Whats up Linus, pull up your pants. Your review is already late, maybe place your review after MrWhosetheBoss and MKBHD and double check.
Just got the pixel 8 to replace my iPhone 12. I got an extremely great deal from my carrier. So far I really enjoy the phone. Since I don't game on a phone, it's quite alright.
dbrand has reached peak troll - they are trolling you by not trolling...
This felt like a super biased review from an iPhone fan.  You're fumbling around with the device like you don't know what it's going to do and playing stupid.
you know what 7 years is real interesting to me. I still have my s10, 5 years ish now. I am looking to change relatively soon so I might get this.
I find it hypocritical ( and i keep my phone for 3/4 years) that Tech YouTube praises apple for their software support of 6+ years but when google does 7 we find ways to bitch about it
For the COD:mobile gaming graphs. Were the numbers for the 2 pro phones models swapped? The 8 pro 1 and 5 % lows seem out of place. Pixel 8 pro 5% lows are less than the pixel 7?
I wish phone manufacturers would go back to either side button or back of the device for fingerprint readers, they were so much better.
11:01 - If you twist your phone camera twice while on the camera app, you switch between your front and rear camera...
I'm totally enjoying my Pixel 8! Coming from a 6yrs old phone, it's a huge upgrade. It feels so intuitive and simple, i'll definitely keep it for another 7yrs if possible!  P.S. Who's crazy enough not to use a CASE in 2023 prices? I put on a Spigen Tough Armor and a tempered glass screen and camera protectors...
No summary?
The idea that "pro" means "big" is a non-starter for me
For those getting mad at Linus for not learning the different settings please do know this is ShortCircuit. Its basically an unboxing channel, so its basically just first impressions.
Linus could hire a personal chef or personal driver or personal house keeper or lawn guy. I am inspired
You can double twist to swap to selfie cameras
You should have researched this phone a little before this video. Lot of poorly done usage scenarios that present a false experience
level is osmething that comes with Samsung phones since S20's jejejejeje sory Pixel, you are really outdate.
The thing I can't get over about the pixel line is, have you seen how cheap a 6 pro is now? It still does well in benchmarks, great camera etc, why ever spend full price for a pixel? they come out so often pickup up a previous generation doesn't seem like a downside.
Fun lil unboxing
8 > 8 pro. Change my mind.
Eww. The UI for the notification panel is ugly
The 8 pro is $200 overpriced. They're out of their minds for that price for that phone. Google has came a long way but they can't hold samsung or apple yet
8:47 turn on the always on display
I'm in the minority, but i absolutely loathe the pixel camera bar. The pixel 4 n 5 series had nice minimal camera bumps.
HE HAS LEGS
This video should be called iPhone fanboy tries to discredit the competition
I was all OMG just do the twist gesture to swap xameras
One of the most sorry reviews I have seen in a long time. Buck up Mr LS
I have a OnePlus 10 Pro and it charges in like 20 minutes. I'm not sure where an hour and a half gets you, sorry.. I'm happy with my $400 way better than anything Google will ever make phone. Wireless at 50w thank you, 100w fast charge over usb c - c. Yeah, my phone will destroy that thing!
on my Xperia the power button is also the fingerprint scanner, just like laptops.
Linus looks to have experience 10:30 (#don'tbanme) 😂
00:18 Well, that's the phone I wanna use, if I can use Samsung Note 3 for 6 years, why not Pixel 8?
Linus can run, but he won't escape the LG Wing
have you listened to some music on this phone? it is pretty amazing...
The camera bump is classier than the button look on the Galaxy phones and more preferable than the stove top of OnePlus and Apple.
I just got mine and I'm in love with it! Coming from Samsung Galaxy S23 ultra.
Since the first one there's always been something about the Pixels that have kept me from pulling the trigger. Honestly, this one seems pretty close. Still no microsd, but they're available in capacities that it might not matter anymore. If the Pixel 9/pro has a button or back fingerprint reader instead of an in screen, I might upgrade from my S20+
That last slide at 1:10 was difficult because Linus di*k was in the way😂😂❤(#don't banme).
For all the LTT focus on quality this is a terrible video full of errors and the comments reflect that. They should re-do this video or atleast comment about it all.
4:57 I think these numbers are not accurate. Pixel charging maxes out at 30W, not sure plugging in the 65W charger will help.
I want a pro with the screen size of the outer screen on the fold but with the weight of the fold because it has a 2 day battery
You’ve been able to transfer your home screen layout with Samsung smart switch for at least the past 2 years when I started working at T-Mobile
One may call it a camera bump, but i use my P8 Pro bump as a handle lol
Were fingers weren’t even on the scanner smh. Tsk! Come on som
Looks like someone got a hefty cheque from Apple
Google has twist to change the front and back camera for years I been using it from my Pixel 2.  There are whole gestures to choose from in the settings 😆.....wow
Free suggestion: before making the video please do some research about the gadget you are reviewing. It looked like a monkey holding a banana and didn't know how to eat 😂
Man this is so cool! I wish I could afford :(
Why mobile company even say "This screen is the best ever we put in any of our mobile, I mean they have to do better than last time...
Dbrand advertising all these new phone grip cases, meanwhile im out here waiting for them to drop the Flip 5 case 🥲
This guy loves Apple. Oh my gosh so biased
How is the cell reception? It sucks on the 6 pro
Don't understand the hate on the camera bar, While it was a little rough in the pixel 6, the design in the 7 and the 8 looks awesome.  I love the fact that the phone lays flat on tables unlike the current galaxy and iphones.
miss my pixel. Switched back to Apple and regret it.
I mean... if the thermometer feature is for checking Covid symptoms... it's a little late for that. Would have been helpful 3 years ago, Google.
No mention of still having no DP alt mode/HDMI out on the USB-C, so no Desktop mode and no cabled projection to a TV or projector, like all Pixel phones and unlike pretty much every other Android phone out there.
Phone designers: "We can't fit a headphone jack". Also Phone Designers: "No Room For Extra/Replaceable Battery". Also Phone Designers: *Adds a camera bump that makes the phone thicker anyway, but removes the possibility for all those other things*
what is the little screen in the backdrop?
0 cred
The completely insane thing with these camera-bump phones is... Why not just go ahead and make the whole phone thicker? More battery, airflow/cooling options, features/ports, strong frame/harder to break, or even the space to make battery, mem, storage, etc removable/serviceable?   I get that some people truly value the thinnest possible phone... But have you seen phone cases lately? Most people buy a sliver and turn it into a king size chocolate bar.   Still, you know, stop pretending your phone is "ultra thin" if it has a big mutant blob hanging off it for the cameras.
its bad when the device got fingerprint on display but you cant use it while device turn off/locked
You missing a sock bro
10:37 I know where this go
You know, you guys are always bagging on the optical fingerprint sensors. I came from a Note 8 to S21 Ultra to my current Pixel 7. As someone who works to some degree with his hands, meaning my fingers get dry and/or dirty sometimes, Samsung's fingerprint sensors are often unusable, and that is seriously frustrating. My Pixel 7 doesn't care how dry or dirty my finger is, it's going to read it and unlock with minimal headache. Samsung might be faster, when it decides to work, but so often it just doesn't. So a slower but more reliable sensor is, to me, a major improvement.
How many people actually care how long it takes to open a phone
The thing that will probably not last 7 years is the battery...
That grey looks nasty.
Side note: The Object Temperature app disclaimer comes up when you open it, and it states as it's first point: "I understand that use of this object temperature sensor is not intended to measure body temperature". *queue Linus thinking screw that! I'm gonna do tha thing!!* :D
Yeah I really wished that they made the pixel 8 pro in teh smaller size that would've sealed it for me. But Imma go with the 15 pro at least until the next pixel drop. I picked up the pixel 8 pro at a local best buy and it just felt and looked cheap but the 8 was just perfect. too bad it stripped down though
Me: watching on my pixel 8
Face unlock is super handy when you live in winter climates. Half the year in Calgary Alberta I have no desire to remove my gloves to unlock my phone.
Does it make phone calls?
You need to enable Always on Display for the fingerprint to be... always on, FYI - but it still feels the same as the Pixel 7's fingerprint By default, "video stabilization" in the quick camera settings is on, which causes the stickiness, it can be disabled.
Gosh darn it you try video out on an iPhone but not the pixel. Why, Whyyyyy.
Camera bumps are a stupid trend that I wish would go away. Make the phone as thick as the camera and do things for the extra space acquired like increasing battery capacity, improving audio, adding headphone port ETC. We dont mind a slightly thicker phone. That thinness obsession of phone designers are infuriating, putting most phones on a table nowadays means you see crooked unlevelled slab.
Why do they shy away from capacitive finger print sensor on power button? They're freaking perfect!
yesssss use a pixel
I just hope Google makes good on their promise with the 7 years of stoftware updates thing.
Nice... typical LTT review. "Oh I have no clue how this thing works but I'm going to review it anyway. Meh this part doesn't work well, you fail Google"  I thought we were going to get higher quality videos Linus... Try actually learning the device before you crap out a review.
still rushing videos not knowing much about the devices, the temperature sensor is not suppose to work on skin
Another reviewer who spent no time with the phone. The phone is excellent. Jesus Christ. You and Dave2D must have collaborated on these pixel reviews.
Had the pixel 7 pro thought it was total trash. Had nothing but problems with it from day one. I will never own a pixel again. I will never recommend to anyone. That's just my thoughts take it or leave it
Love that Blue with Silver!
i must say, the only sponsors msges I watch are the dbrand ones....
The temperature sensor seems like a gimmick they decided on in Summer-Fall 2020 and it made sense at the time, and now it’s just… there
Audio on this vid hurt my ears with headphones for some reason
I heard "But that idiot I hand my camera to when I'm on the Las Vegas stripper.."
Screen fingerprint readers were always terrible on the pixels.
I want to see James and Luke do more hosting.
thanks @dbrand for making Linus do that
10:50 You can actually just wobble your wrist and it'll swap cameras for you.
Coming from the iPhone 14 pm I would say the 8 pro feels like a upgrade regardless of benchmarks. Too early to tell on battery life, but it has been good overall.
Just switched from the 12 pro max to the p7 for basically free during googles sale. Zero regrets.
Linus when reviewing anything 🚮🚮🚮
Questions for ya. Can you take 48mpx shots on the ultrawide ? Can you do 60fps on the ultrawide? I use my phone as a back up GoPro  so I want a good upgrade that has a great ultrawide camera.
saw Linus in the thumbnail just wanna know . . . is LMG good now and not on fire and Linus isn't suffering from a little "foot in mouth" and making the news over on the PhillyD show
Linus’ presentation of dbrand’s sponsor ad makes me happy.
im glad the pixel is doing so well with Google's push. I've been a lifelong iPhone user but for my secondary android phones, I really didnt like Samsung's skin heavy approach so the Pixel is the best fit.
I have a 6 pro and the camera bump is a non issue with a good case.
Community to the rescue with all these errors and I love the community for this.
NUMBER 5 ALIVE!!!
Think I'll keep my 5a much longer. Lol. I don't want to get rid of the rear fingerprint sensor.
The beginning of this video was so whiny I couldn't continue to watch.
I would be awesome if dbrand brings tmnt case for pixel 8 and 8pro
The 8 looks better than the Pro!
Since the 6 pro Google stepped up their game
what my sis and I thought when we got the pro and base model so far: - too real linus, why can we have the sides on pixel 8 and the back on pixel 8 pro - fingerprint sensor only works with always on display if locked, otherwise need to wake screen first, I hope that will change - good to know labs results show improvements from the 7 series - not surprised video recording still not great even with all the improvements mentioned - got surprised on the display settings also, no whites just adaptive that no one will understand  i will miss my pixel 5 with unlimited google photos uploads 🤣
I always looked at the 7 year security updates as primarily for the second hand market. If you ever go down that rabbit hole, there are several phones for hundreds that are well outside their support window.
my wife still uses a pixel 3 lol
Linus :- Moving His Hips Weirdly and Saying (*While Laughing 😂) "Okay She Slides". Subscribers :- WTF We Watch Linus Do Today 💀 First Time Viewers :- WTF!!! This Can't Possibly Be a Tech Channel 💀
3:33 what is the minimum brightness you could get to?
we can tell you didnt want to give google credit for making a great phone from the way you started
Everyone puts on a case...your problems sound so first world and tacky and less like a reviewer.  Its so biased trust me bro
I got the pro. I wish it had a microSD slot.
Yet another battery test where the 8 and 8 pro are doing the same or worse than 7 pro, which was notoriously bad for general battery life. Also seems to have a lot of the same thermal problems as 6 and 7. These were the only 2 deal breakers for me getting this phone so hard pass. Not buying another 3 hour hand warmer again.
Recently "upgraded" from a Pixel 3xl to a Pixel 6 pro and I'm already considering moving to the 8 (or 8 pro) because of the modem signal issues the 6P has. I can basically get the 8 for the same price as the 6P cost me (and I can still send it back for full refund), but I'm considering the 8P though I'm not sure if the extra $200 it will cost me (because of discounts) if its worth it.  Anyone happen to know if the signal problems are fixed? And if you've had experience with either any opinions of why or not the 8P would be worth it over just the 8?
Why have Linus review a phone if he doesn’t know what generic standard current phone features are? The level on a camera thing really sticks out, he’s pissed off about the display fingerprint reader but amazed by a camera feature that’s existed in other phones for years?
10:51 to switch cameras u twist phone twice
All the YT reviews are terrible.  Between Linus and Marcus. Cover some stuff like making phone calls, download speeds on a non5g and 5g network. Roaming etc. Google says the temperature doesn't work on humans. Waste of time. Sorry.  Linus go back to cpu reviews.
what are they playing on dolphin lol
Why are there separate lower HDR nits numbers in your slide but you say you are not sure if it reaches the clearly labeled SDR numbers in HDR?   Something is wrong here And I don't know what.
I really think you guys need to have a play around in the settings before making these short reviews. Ok, they may be first impressions, but a lot of your issues/complaints are fixed very easily in the settings.
I dont think you mention the size ?
Linus doing a George Michael dance.
I didn't know the double click of the power button on Samsung phones did that. Had to stop the video to check
The lack of knowledge about the Pixel line in this video makes the level of snark embarrassing
I'm going to kill myself if i have to keep hearing crab rave ENOUGH
Linus with the dbrand case.... 👀
Linus, are you on crack again? We've had transfer home screen for a while, and the new pixel 8 Pro does NOT have a higher display resolution than the 7 Pro or even 6 Pro. It's slightly lower.  I thought these kinds of mistakes were supposed to be caught now...
Why am I learning that my s22 can double press to switch cameras... In a pixel 8 review?
I can absolutely understand someone liking android over iOS, but I will never understand liking fingerprint sensors over FaceID.   FaceID works for more things, more securely, and especially in combination with an Apple Watch for payments, where you don’t need to deal with either method.   I’d much rather be able to unlock my phone with gloves on in the winter, without touching it in the car, and be secure from someone trying to unlock it while I’m sleeping or something.   I’ve seen Linus talk about unlocking his phone as he pulls it out of his pocket, but how useful is that when you still can’t use it until you can see it, and as soon as you can see it it’d be unlocked with FaceID too. Not to mention modern FaceID works not only in portrait and landscape, but at nearly any angle where you can reasonably see your phone to use it.
Sorry, this is my first LMG video I watch after the Gamer Nexus video and it is awful. Sorry Linus, I do not want "express" and lack of base knowledge in the reviews. This devices costs A LOT just to find bad things when the consumer get it.  Get over Linus. You had you time, retire while you can.
Is this a review or what. A these over-rated tech reviewer
The temperature sensor is awaiting FDA approval for humans. Once that option is added it will be more accurate. It takes surface into account.
At this point Google should just go back to putting a physical fingerprint scanner on their phones 😅
10:29 enjoy
The temperature reader is just a WuFlu accessory.  Real shame, think I might skip yet another gen of Pixel...
Love my pixel 8 pro. 🔥
Anyone else find the background music distracting in this video? Like it's too loud and too upbeat imo
The point is not if one person would use the same phone for 7 years. The point is that if in 3 years from now I decide to get the pixel 8 Pro from some person that might have one in stock. It will still get Android updates
The temperature thing is  real gimmick
kinda a lame review of the phone guys i get this is an unboxing but like comparing the phone and its features without actually using it or opening the settings is lazy
The always on lock screen has a mark for the fingerprint scanner that works seamlessly. I wouldn't expect the always on display to be turned on by default.
They need to change the design already and the camera hump is way too big on the 8
Only thing is wish for is a headphone jack :(
I just went from an iPhone 14 pro max to a 15 pro max, and was impressed literally EVERYTHING transferred. Including stuff like open tabs in chrome & safari
Idk im a fan of samsungs fairly quick, put your thumb on the power button and the screen unlocks before turning on, when your in the habit its mostly instant
Least critical review possible....
SAMSUNG is soooo much better! Their phone would have got a detailed photo of the moon when facing down on the desk!!!
3:39? How did you measure the HDR results for the iPhone 15 series then? I distinctly remember there being a HDR graph in those results.
I work in a phone shop, the regular feels more expensive I agree
Who treats their gadgets in such a flimsy way? Not someone who values their 1000 dollars but someone who gets sponsored stuff.
You underestimate the functionality of having a lip to rest the phone on your finger. And to top it off, no wobbling.
DBrand must have been so happy with that paid ad
Just set mine up the setup wizard duplicated every setting even down to haptics and home screen A+
7:01 we'll give you the worse of both worlds.. here pixel 8a
Last year i returned the Pixel 7 pro and this year the Pixel fold just for one reason: We can't remove at Glance and google bar widgets on the original launcher. It's just ridiculous why we have to use the screento with things thant we don't like and be forced to have. Until Google allows us to remove those 2 things without a need of a third party app is no Pixel for me no matter the price or hardware. Shame on Google.
I saw Linus take his phone out of his pocket, but couldn't tell what it was. Does anyone know the phone he owns?
I got the 8 pro but only cause I miss pixle back when I has the 2 3 and 4, and idk if I trust the pixle fold support life
10:23 Let Go 💦💦💦🤣
The thing about pixels is they learn over time so out the box the phone may not feel that great with battery life anf fingerprints ect but over time it learns and gets batter battery life and faster unlocks etc
Oh WAN show will be good with the memes that will be created of Linus @ 10:28
I aways love dbrand sponsors. That's a really good case!
Tech tips has gone full boomer: "look at that wild camera bump! In my day cameras were high and tight- not this sloppy pixel ridge. That'll cut your pocket!"
This has to be the worst review for a phone I have ever seen.
The 7 years of update is not for people that live in first world countries. There are people in other countries using phone that we don’t even use as paper weights
The dbrand sponsor 😂
The BGM choices in this video make me feel like I'm watching one of those obnoxious work training videos
I lost interest in phones since the first touch-screen smartphone. They're all identical to me.
4:17 3.80hrs? where is the 80 come from??
Damn, Linus. If I was dbrand, I'd be upset as hell over that ad read. They paid, what.... $10-15-20k for that? Why not at a minimum show the brand a tiny bit of respect? Give a little bit of effort?
The sponsor spot was actually pretty funny.
Watching on my Pixel 8 Pro. One thing that blew me away immediately was the speakers on this phone. Better than my S22 Ultra
His videos are the WORST NOW
All the youtubers noe they are saying 7 years is a lot for updates but before they were saying that android should get more years of support but when google do it and is more than apple now is a lot. Just say that android shouldn't  exist and problem solved 7 years great stop shouting hate just cause google now gives more support than apple
Lg wing
"Jordy from Star Trek" Man, you get me every time Linus!! 🤣
Minute you guys start bitching about "camera bumps" is when I just click off the video and downvote. It's the most bullshit thing that shouldn't matter.
ooo
like the camera lip. can use it with one hand while it's on a table and it not flop around.
Either coincidently or uncoincidently, I had a Pixel 8 ad before this video
You guys should definitely do more research before reviewing a phone. As many others pointed out, there are many settings you can turn on that can vastly change the behaviour of a phone
As a pixel person, WHY THE F-HECK did they move the fingerprint sensor!?!? I am still using a pixel 3a and gotta say it's still the best way to unlock a phone.  Not only is the back the best and most ergonomic place to put it. What is more likely to be used against you if your phone is hacked  Your face or your fingerprint. Given what you can do with deepfakes and stuff I would rather use my finger print.
Let this be your new phone after whatever phone got wet in the pool and stopped working. What phone was that even?
If you configure the screen to always be on, the fingerprint reader is always ready to unlock
Is this guy even trying to review the phone?  He's not knowledgeable about the topic he's talking about and not only that, he's not trying to too.
the video especially the stabilization looks ugly.
So dumb that Google decided not to call it the Pixelate
Rock the phone to switch to front camera.
What about transfer of wifi configs. My pet peeve.
Many aftermarket magnet cases will werak havoc on the compass functions of many smartphones, the end result is often your GPS app will not k ow which direction you are facing until you start moving because the compass will be too unreliable.
The pixel is Apple for Android. Except Android makes more sense and is way less restrictive
Linus just please go back to case reviews and do builds in multiple cases. Then do some junkyard wars. I know you don't think its profitable but its been a while.....maybe try it!?
Is anyone listening to Linus anymore?
Love it when a company gets credit for bringing a feature like "restoring even your screen layout" when that's been the norm on other phones, like galaxys and iPhones.
My friend got a Pixel 6a for $250 from Google's 25th anniversary sale. Was that a good deal?
4:23 pixel 7 pro is actually the one with a higher resolution display. 8 pro higher nits but lower resolution
One thing I dont see mentioned much, is how Linus is doing a better job with disclaimer-ing their results a little. For example, the screen brightness section, where he specifically pointed out that while during their testing they only reached a certain brightness, that doesn't mean the phone cant hit 2000, they just didn't hit that in their own testing. Respect for that
The dbrand case is way better magnetically than Google out of the box. Wish you would have pointed that out. Great looking phone
It's the phone off the year and blew away everything. Great job Google!
Short Circuit, spend huge $$$ on a Lab and still generate uninformed videos based on no time with the device. If you want real substance for your time look elsewhere where the video took the time to get a complete understanding of the device.
Not sure why everyone is making big deal that pro has software feature the regular has, even though regular is powerful enough to support them. You can buy a computer with windows 10 home vs pro and get different features for same laptop. There are lots of software that has a pro and regular version. I know it's not typical in phones and it's not done often, but it's not unprecedented (Sony phone I think do similar).
Will this be Linus's new phone? Stay tuned for the next review 😂
Hey, love the coverage of the pixel. That being said, are yall planning on covering that german modular phone? I think it's called the shem6f or something, I forget.  seems like it's kinda cool if it's essentially the framework of phones.
fyi as an owner of the pixel7 pro and now a pixel8 pro.. . the camera bump is not noticable as you have to use a case any way... most cases just make the phone fatter.. if you get a case with an external battery there are no bumps at all..
I might move to apple its been since iphone 4 thag i havent own one and i kinda want a change.   But at this moment i own a Oneplus 10t neat phone specially for 350 usd.   What is the best upcoming android phone? I dont want samsung as the last ultra i own was an awful experience for me worst phone ever. Between pixel and oneplus whos a better choice?   I know price wise i wont be near my 10t but id like to have more options
Someone should use a deburring tool on the edge
I low key got turned on when he shook the phone
11:03 Give the phone a little shake to change lenses
Use the pull tab! Hahaha 😂
Sheesh. The amount of gripes about some of the features you tested out making the phone look like a clunkier experience than it actually is could have been avoided entirely if you all learned about all of the settings options for the features you guys tested out.
"I can see that getting caught in your pocket" Linus, assuming everyone uses their phones without a phone case.
I know people still on pixel 3a xl, my grandma was pretty happy with the OG pixel until this year when the battery finally failed to cover her daily usage.
11:31 Typo (it's you're)
i want a phone twice as thick. 2x the battery headphonejack with 2 or 3 usb ports i want a phone that is like a swiss army knife i dont care about having 5 cameras there could be a storage drawer in it for all i care for ssd's
Pixels don't even last 3 years. How it'll last 7 years is a mystery, genuinely.
11:05 My dude, phones cameras have had levels for atLEAST 15 years .. if not longer.
The circular fingerprint sensor on the back of the phone (Pixel 3 style) is still the best location. Second best is the side of the phone (Galaxy fold), 3rd best is a button at the bottom of the phone (iPhone SE). 4th place is under the display. I've owned phones with all these options and back of the phone is still king.
Linus: " I need a new phone and I dont review phones anymore, so I'll have to pay for it myself" Also Linus: "Pixel 8 Pro Review"
I feel like 7 years of updates is a big deal.  When I bought my current phone it was a year old when I bought it. Now I have had it for almost 3 years and it would be nice if I could just keep using it. I don't see the need to upgrade besides my phone won't get new android updates and I'll only get maybe one year of security updates.  Modern phones can be used a long time. The only thing holding them back is software updates.  For someone like me that has a almost 4 year old phone. Honestly the only I really need the phone to have is software updates. I don't really need to have the best processor or the best camera. It just has to last forever so I don't have to keep buying a phone every 3-5 years.
I think it's better if you check the settings before making any video and review, unless this is an unboxing and first impressions.
Since they support it for 7 years they should not come out with a new phone for 7 years if they expect people to use it for 7 years
If only they have 120w charging capability
Isn't it G715 MC10?
7:05 and exactly how often are you looking at the back of your phone? Especially when its going to be in a case so you literally cannot see it anyway.
Cool phone I'll never be able to afford!😢
Am I Suppose to pretend like these are not the same photo? 11:36 (pixel 8 pro) 11:59 (supposedly the pixel 8).
Dbrand is in the top 1% of companies who know how to properly advertise in today's world. I love brand.
The size locking for Pro needs to be talked about more from big name reviewers, the fact that you mention it even in a Short Circuit is a big deal. I'm willing to pay the premium for Pro, but I am not willing to have the larger phone. Google already had this solved with the XL variant.
Wow...I use Pixelas since Nexus 6p..They went Long way.. I Use Samsung for Best screens.. Pixel to take Best Pictures! You should name Pixel 8 Hatter review . Just Stay with you Iphone..
Forgot to un subscribe from this channel until I saw Linus. Whatever they say is probably tinged with bias. Adios.
Decent hardware review, but half the experiance with a Pixel is the software which wasn't touched upon in the video.
Wait you’re telling me Android just got the ability to move a carbon copy of your phone (lock screen, home screen, and app layout included) to a new device? Something Apple has had for almost 10 years? Ironic
Linus reviewing a hand held device is like a formula one driver driving a bicycle. Come on Linus, where is the review of meteor lake processors?
You can also use the OTG adapter to plug in any USB A accessories... i.e. flash drives, keyboard and mouse! 2:27
I feel like this is yet another LMG video with a lack of proper research, as shown by the multitude of audience members who immediately know solutions to problems portrayed in the video.
The 48MP Ultrawide does not have OIS
Guys, the music has to go. Otherwise, great as always.
External monitor desktop mode?
About the thermals, the motherboard is sandwiched between a metal mid-frame and the enclosure via "SOC Thermal Pad". It's designed to transfer heat all around. Pixel 6 series and up do this.
1:00 Who puts their phone in their pocket right side up? You put it in upside down so its already in the correct orientation when you pull it out.  No need to flip or bend your wrist awkwardly.
Only 40 seconds in and validated lmao. I have had my Pixel 4 for 4 years now this December and it shows little to no signs of wear, still has all day battery for my moderate work day and still gets updates as of a few weeks ago. That gave me the confidence to not care about the hype and take Google at its 7 year word. Will I use it for 7 years, no, but if this new 8 Pro I ordered lasts another 4 years, it will be worth it to me.
8:20. Bro. Double-tap to wake. That's been a thing forever.
Worst video I seen talking about the pixel
I would buy this phone but google is a company that collects data. Maybe I don't know pixel enough but it scares me how much data I am giving google if I use a phone they made. I understand google is android but a device they make I will never believe collects the same or less data than Samsung.
You guys are going downhill. It's like you guys are not even trying in your videos
"Pixel ATE" .  What an unfortunate name for a product with a superior screen.
[Talking about the temperature sensor] Linus: "It's consistent at least" Pixel 8 Pro: *Shows a variance of over 4 degrees / over 10% error*
Overall, I've been pretty happy with my Pixel 6 for the past 1+ years. Coming from the LG V series phones though, I will say that I REALLY miss having a real headphone jack. I absolutely hate using dongle DAC/Amps, and every Bluetooth set of headphones or buds I've tried have been nothing but hot garbage. Battery life and ease of charging have been great though. I often get nearly 2 full days out of a single charge if I keep my screen brightness at around 60-75%.
this new pixel is insanely good holy crap
Double twist of your wrist will switch from back to front or vice versa.
11:08 The level feature has been around for many generations.
Wow maybe check the settings before saying something doesn’t work.
Pixels not having USB-C video out makes them basically worthless long term.
you can tell his dislike for Google and just want things to be instant like a spoiled brat...what happened to Linus tips.
Had a 6a, pos.  Never again google.
I should get mine tomorrow. I'm excited because my current phone is a pixel 4a 5g
"it's been a while since I've daily driven a pixel phone" It's gonna be another while because the people are voting the LG Wing
Idk if its worth going from a 7pro to a 8pro
Human temperature measurement I think is still pending FDA approval in the US, so maybe once that rolls out the measurement gets more accurate?
does Linus really have to carry around a broken phone, can't he just "borrow" some of the latest ones LTT is testing and use it until the votes are in and he gets a new device 😆
44C?! isnt that gonna bork the battery life?
"should see strong gaming performance"... Proceeds to stutter in most games.
Twist your wrist to change between front and back cameras. That was user error, the feature is there. Just different...
Where is the ShortCircuit on the Quest 3?  I know you guys are trying to be thorough with your reviews now, but now you're super late to product launches.  People needed a pre-release review of it weeks ago.
I just wish they had kept the fingerprint sensor on the back, that’s why I’ve resisted upgrading for so long but my phone is done and needs to be replaced.
Pixel brand died to me when Google bricked my device with an OTA update on the Pixel 6 and it was just under or over a year old can't remember which and they essentially told me "damn that sucks." Why the hell would I want to buy a device that breaks at year of life from Google themselves and they don't do anything to remedy the situation. To make it worse they baited me around for a week even having me travel 40 minutes away to a repair shop only for the repair shop guy to literally tell me "I don't know why they told you to come here we can't fix that issue" Which is what I expected and even said so during the chat before going to the repair shop. So yeah, screw Pixels or specifically Google for not supporting their products even when they break them.
10:28 💀
12:35 that some THICC HDMI cables
Linus, your jeans are too tight around your hips
44 c is like 110 degrees which is the temp of warm tap water....in order to get a second degree burn has to be over 125 degrees so at worst you'd get a first degree burn but the fact that it would take two hours to occur....would mean it wouldn't occur. It's like sitting on a tanning bed
Twist along the vertical midline with the camera open to switch to the front facing camera!
It’s too bad that Linus can’t use the Google Pixel 8 Pro as his daily driver since the audience chose a LG Wing
Linus the Minus or Mr. Negative?  Sad reviews
10:48 it works by tilting the phone left-right, which is MUCH better than the double click Samsung thing. Got mine 2 days ago, and it’s just amazing 😉👍
The pixel 8 simply doesn’t have enough processing power to be used for the next 7 years
Ever since the issues that LTT went through recently it seems the QA has gotten worse. The audio & footage aren't synced properly in this video. The sync issue is the worse in the first few seconds.
You can't use a thermometer for measuring skin temperature according to Google...
linus is never the same after what happened
I still got my pixel 2XL from 2017, and i wish it still got software updates.
8:08 - If you go to the "Face Unlock" settings, there's a "Skip lock screen" setting. When turned on, you don't have to interact with the device to unlock it 8:15 - if you go to the "Lock screen" settings, there's a "Always show time and info" setting (aka always on display). When turned on, you don't have to wake the device to use the fingerprint reader 8:22 - On the "Lock screen" settings, there's a "Lift to check phone" setting that needs to be turned on which may not be on by default
People still talk about gaming performance on mobile as if people actually game on mobile. No one does!
I've come to find that the odd numbered Pixel's have always been better.
WTF linus my Old galaxy note 9 (Exynos) isn't as slow as yours . It opens camera immediately
Got mine yesterday and coming from an iPhone 13 with a lot of bugs, it's a very nice experience so far
To change the cameras you need to just half turn your hand quickly twice. it will flip between front and back camera
10:45 can i do this on my s23 ultra? If someone can educate me i would appreciate it thank you in advance! Changed from iphone when the s23 launched. Last android was the note 7 blew up in my nightstand so i have no clue about these little easter eggs. 😢
10:33
Wow. Google letting your transfer your home screen layout. Truly innovative.
it looks massive
Man, why are Linus selfies always this funny? 14:13 look at the left one 😂
By default the take a photo with the vol button is not on. It's in the camera settings.
I miss the index finger unlock. My 3A never had any problems unlocking it, plus it had a headphone jack.
these new phones are basically unusable without a case that makes the back flat again, makes you wonder what the point of even making it so thin is.
Linus doesnt know how to use a fingerprint scanner wtf
I dont usually comment . But the music choice on this video was particularly distracting. I like to pocket my phone while working out and hear the info but the music is overbearing when it normally isnt. Its never been an issue before. Maybe the volume was just overlooked this time?
Turn on always on display and it reads the finger print much faster
same phone as last year
Worth it for the Dbrand meme's
That fingerprint read is sad lol. My 4 year old Oneplus has an under-screen fingerprint sensor and even that's faster. Hope they fix it at some point in its 7 year lifecycle.
To be fair, there should be the option (like, there IS the option) to have it read your fingerprint while the screen is "off"....my Pixel 7, while in AOD mode, will show a lit fingerprint along with the other AOD associated text/numbers, so I just stick my thumb on the "off" screen and it'll unlock.....but again, to be fair, Google's choice of under display reader absolutely sucks and at LEAST 50% of the time, I have to resort to typing in my passcode 🙄
I liked my own comment 😊
The Pixel line was getting boring so I decided to buy an iPhone 13 Pro.  I'll keep this phone until it stops working and probably go back to the Pixel.  They kinda look good now.
Did you contact Google before reporting on their product huh? #LinusTheMinus
Who tf puts their phone in their pocket upsidedown?! That's just madness I say! Or is it right side up? Whatever, he's definitely doing it wrong.
been using google phones since the nexus 6p, pretty happy with em. we just recently retired a pix3 for my daughter because the charging port went out. i daily a 6, and my wife has the 6 pro, excellent units.  that dbrand bit was excellent
Tip: if the always on display is on it will always be ready for a fingerprint
You can disable the need to swipe when using face unlock. Makes the experience fast enough that it is often unlocked and open as I lift it to my face if I'm holding it. Can use fingerprint if I don't plan on lifting it. To use fingerprint unlock, if you do a quick tap on the sensor area then press your finger, it unlocks if you have AOD off. If you have the AOD on, you can just press the sensor icon and it reads right away.
You can turn on a setting to have the fingerprint sensor on before you turn the screen on.
I really like the camera bar, it kinda works like a popsocket resting against my index finger (and there's no way Id ever accidentally put my finger over the lens)
I'm pretty sure you're the only one complaining the camera bump.  I've had a pixel 7 since it came out and the bump is NOT an issue.  You do realize that all phones have more features on their top of the line phones, you get what you pay for in other words.
My names is Earl/James.
Samsung is my favorite android skin. I found my pixel 3 had some limitations when it came to customization.
I just "up"graded from an iPhone SE 1st gen to a 2nd gen and now my phone rocks, as in it doesn't lay flat due to the camera bump. God, phone designs have gotten so stupid. Phone manufacturers keep making stupid-looking design choices that are necessary to accommodate a different change that I didn't ask for, don't want, and don't like. Call me an old man, but I don't need my phone to replace my computer and camera and TV and blah blah blah. I like that I can use those functions, but I'd much prefer a dedicated device if I'm going to be serious about a certain function like web browsing, watching videos, or taking serious photos (as opposed to spur-of-the-moment, I want to remember this, photos).
If only they didn’t sell it only on Flopkart in India.
4:23 already found an error here 😂 Pixel 8 Pro has a lower res screen vs 7 Pro not higher.
brighter screen will just burn in your screen faster.
lg wing tho ;)
Well where else would the heat go than transfer through the aluminum frame? The glass?
I would not get anything below 12gb ram. This galaxy phone is 5 years old and ruining likemy wife pixel 7 pro.
to much glair on the back of my phone?  come on man.
10:33 *Dbrand Approves*
Hot take i’d rather have a 1hz to 60hz display then a 60hz to 120hz display
8:46 the fingerprint sensor is an optical one not a subsonic one like Samsung so it's not going to be as fast
Mine came in yesterday. Pretty amazing phone, but Ilike the 3a's fingerprint reader MUCH better. this one is kinda easy to miss
wow
Watching this on my Pixel 8: If you turn on the always on display the fingerprint sensor will be ready for you at any time without having to wake the phone.
dbrand: Making us enjoy sponsor spots a little too much...
Does anyone remember the Nokia Symbian c7? It had a modest nits brightness but made up for it with better tech for improving sunlight legibility
On the topic of a phone getting hot. I have a Pixel Fold and it stays cooler than my iPhone 15 Pro Max. When will we see the comparisons?
8:25 This only works if the Always On Display is activated, it then displays the fingerprint icon and you can just unlock it without pressing the power button.
For pixels, if you have AOD on the fp unlock is waayyyy more responsive from "sleep".
Glad to see phone transfer tools have gotten better! One of my favourite things making life easier when upgrading from one iPhone to another. Now with faster USB-C would be awesome to be able to transfer over a wire to make it faster.   Also love what Google’s doing with the Pixel 8s! Really giving the regular iPhone 15s a run for their money!
8:24 That's only works when you have always on display on
Google Pixel lineup of phones has always been solid. Slap a phone case on the Pixel phones like most people do and the camera bump just disappears....  Way better value than whatever Apple can offer.
Doesn't seem to a lot better than my 7p. I'm probably going to hold out till next year. Free Pixel watch 2 almost persuaded me lol.  Edit: did they swap 7p and 8p in gaming benches? Cause 7p looks a lot better there (according to their numbers in CoD)
3.80 hrs is weeeeeeird
i HATE that these pixel models come with only type-c to type-c cable.
10:33 W.T.F. Linus
I don't have a pixel but that bump doesnt bother me to the point where I kinda like it?
I think that Pixel 8 pro got the jump they needed to be fully considered as full flagships. There are stills things which, ejem, such USF 3.1, the fingerprint scanner not being an ultrasound one, 128 gb for the base model and the processsor is far behind that most powerful chipsets.
pixel fold or pixel 8 pro is the question
No one said anyone would have to use the phone for 7 years. It adds resale value when you want to change. If the phone still has, say 4 years of support when you sell it on it is more likely to sell and for more $$$
Pixel is better than iPhone
Just got mine today and am really happy with it so far. It's basically another Pixel phone but everything is a lot better.
Gotta love the charm of the Google pixel
I wish they also added Log video profile
Hi
So cross that they cancelled the pixel pass. I went from super excited for their phones to just not caring over that one year.
Sad audio sync
Short circuit makes the best videos in all of YouTube
Nice
wow great video! i liked the part where i watched it all the way through already
oh hey there!
Welcome to the under 301 club
.
First?
Ok then lol
