This sounds just like a real life Death Note case.
He also murdered his whole family
He wrote Paradise with a " C" twice  thats weird
He is joseph bevilacqua a C.I.D.
Again something cracked decades ago and they just now released it.
half a decade is 5 years half a century is 50 years
They think they cracked it be the still don't have a idea who he is
Final cypher: “One word - plastics”
Sheesh... "Belly?!?!?!?"
The background music is distracting but great video
Richard Lee Hoffman  ⌖
I believe he had an accomplice
There was not one Zodiac Killer there were several people that committed these crimes that's why they never caught one person
The lack of technology is what really set investigators back. Didn't even have recordings of the Zodiacs voice from when he called 9-11 which would've been a huge help by itself. Would be a good way to rule out certain suspects. The guy on Tik Tok is wrong, his grandfather wasn't the Zodiac. He had a full time job as a police officer and was on duty when most of the other murders took place away from his jurisdiction. Would take a big chunk of time to ditch work and commit such a crime in a different area.
I believe I met the Zodiac killer in Solano state prison in 2015,  he was in his 90's. I found it odd that he would always mention the Zodiac case and claim that his father worked on the case for years. This man is from the Bay Area and has been incarcerated for 20+ years. I remember his name.
My grand-father said on his deathbed that his dad was apparently the Zodiac Killer and that he was surprise no on knew him as the killer, he said he was crazy saying afterlife he would have slaves working for him and him doing nothing and enjoying. Crazy right! Imagine I'm actually related to him!
I'd like to know how the code actually worked, like could I learn to write my own messages?
His name is pronounced Bell-Eye.  Not Belly.
Someone should make a movie about this, and if they already made one then they should redo it with the main character have huge muscles 💪.
13:29 This is why longer words, perhaps counter to what one may think, are easier to solve in crossword puzzles than shorter words.
Shadows in the animation would be bettet
what was the software he invented?
This is just a reminder how, since he's not the antichrist, how much of a genius he will be... Hilter managed to have the pope allow people to be taken right in front of the vatican.  We need to make sure we don't forget history.  He did he was collecting souls for the afterlife. He's there now so let's pray against him. Seems good to understand. He may have made minimal errors on purpose to make it harder.  Don't underestimate
Imagine making a video and getting it wrong on the first fact😂😂😂
In the book: "The Zodiac Killer's Alphabet-Number Code" by Vincent Culver-Young, the author states that he solved the Zodiac's cryptogram name, which is: Ross Sullivan. Now whether that is true or not is speculative but he explains that in impressive detail and to be honest it makes sense. Check it our if you're interested.
I'm seeing channels saying it's still not solved.  I don't know if I should trust this, if the other channels say that cuz they depend on zodiac content to survive or what.  YouTubers algorithm driven search doesn't help either.
He was definitely scared,if death was paradise he would’ve turned himself in so he could be executed.
It’s still uneasy feeling knowing what he said in the message
My grandfather who passed away 2 years ago was almost one of the Zodiac victims, he saw his face and he even knew him personally but the FBI never took his claims serious
Why is killing of people thought as manic thing ? No i want some serious answers for real . Dont take me to topics related eith god like he as forbidden or stuffs . I want a logical answers if anyone likes to volunteer:)
Well we know it isn't his name, just try names until it's solved.
Imagine if he wrote "l bozo lol"
11:08 LOL gas chamber not there. those symbols can be any of 26 any point lol. just put it some wherre. it   not help at all you not kne key and lenght of it. you not what what letters can be same and allready change it diagonal LOL you can turn it bible first page its that impossible. we not know KEY and we not know orighinal cipher arangement. they need be correct order lol we not know how many there was. we just see those that end on paper lol
5:00 this was quessed 51 years ago. where is new cracked version?
4:54 1 letter become just one. key make it change but key change all others too. based on key lenght. that we not know triangle symbol not just one. it can be any any 26 bcoz key in that moment lol
4:40 yes yes and there was more sumbol it just not wroted bcoz key not make it lol
what cracked it was solved week later, but was it correct did message changed? did they creack it now with rules and can reproduce it without guess thi and this and this and this is E lol wtf
it's ted cruz. he's the zodiac killer
Wasn't David Berkowitz?
So, the FBI "confirmed" it, but doesn't have any info or press releases about something that important???
Ok so knowing this letter content it is a GAME CHANGER!  He says he could now go to paradice with his slaves.  So he commit suicide. So it is NOT ARTHUR LEIGH ALLEN.  So FBI needs to do a complete check up of all suicide of the year the last letter was send.
What if when the cryptogram that contains the Zodiac’s name is cracked, it simply says, ‘We are many.’
With all that machine learning it seems as if they’d use the AI to decode
I bet he was in the military as a radio technician that new Morse code. He was use to killing so that didn’t bother him. He studied different codes or was able to make up his own. I’m sure he died by now. Usually people in the war smoked and drank.
I absolutely HATE this idiotic type of animation.  It's a deal- breaker.  Will never watch any videos that use it.
And now, instead of putting resources to ending serial killers, they go after parents at school meetings.
That’s really weird. When my grandpa died we went through his stuff and found that exact executioners hood out the symbol and everything. What a coincidence.
Lol 2023  FBI CAN'T BE TRUSTED . THEY ARE LAUGHING  AND SAYING  NOW GO AWAY.
wait did the zodiac killer quote the most dangerous game ??
The impossible proportions of that cop near the middle of the video had me dying💀
He or she is dead anyway
What if zodiac is a group ?
Ridgway alluded that he "owned" the people he killed and may have considered them slaves. I don't think Ridgway revealed all of his victims because of this idea. Paradice instead of paradise is a clue.
It was the Black Panthers, Getting back at the fbi and Charles Manson for always blaming their evil Doings on Black people.Amongst others through out American History. 😂
Was he referring to the number of people he killed versus how many times he was caught when wrote me: 37 sfpd: 0? Him versus the…San Francisco Police Department? :o
its me
1a b2 3c ...
Sd nd fl ny nj fire 🔥💯   Gina is the best anagramist physic moving objects one can see for miles and the other can detect aby weather system and each one has seen heaven including the ladt in the comas then they locked me out of the wikipedia page is a fact
Oh she is not lying i also cracked the lotto system lil genius longest math problems Division harris disney case Whitney Houston was on the drive and then they have the wrong guys and females and padro wants to lie .   I am esme the tea ghost girl is very very me when i was victoria gina marie gordon is the same person who had caught the unibomber unibomber 4 times there is 23 more . Now serial killer code crackers brigin gina brings ringo in and then she brings in her sons  three holy sons she is the lady of 3 sons zack tyler Chris are not ringos   The zodiac is after me .
Fbi zara train station 10 years ago a tip on the fbi website
I bet you thats in my original notebooks ten years ago and when i was a kid
That is my harddrive and my notebooks binders puzzles numbers addresss family history i cracked the ougija board zodiac code when i was 3 years old i was on the tv    I have been looking for ky logo birth certificates light blue ones oh im so illiterate .....mmm
Hermans legacy they are not the zodiac code crackers brigin
Puzzle was gina marie gordon also a kaplen......... In fact binders notebooks millions of papers not india in fact ..i can prove it.....
Im the physic anagramist i was in the hospital my mom was in a coma pooch computer is gina marie gordons
I know who he is so how could he have solved the code......
I only put a little in my emails  not the whole thing ..    Theres over 200000 papers that i have writen of the zodiac code
Placed on Wikipedia only the first paragraph in fact i have the rest i. The original notebooks
I cracked the zodiac code when i was 3 years old . The hand is not joes hand in the video in the apartment in fact . Inside edition was contacted and i have the original gina marie gordon lil genius lovers lane was on the hard drive ky
Its pronounced "Bell-Eye" not "Belly!"
I thought they caught him like ten years ago and he was a normal guy with a wife and a daughter who hates his guts now...whom am I thinking of?
It says: “Be Sure To Drink Your Ovaltine"
I like to think that some of the ciphers were just gibberish and he was just trying to annoy the police. A man with severe mental disorders, I doubt is smarter than the smartest code cracking professionals.
I was thinking the Zodiac Killer was a genius, but the fact he made a spelling mistake shows that he really isn't as smart as he thinks.
So, what religion prescribes to his beliefs ! You know which one.
"Half a decade" is so silly.
0:30 - I think the narrator meant the killer spoke again after half a century of silence, not half a decade of silence.  :o
"Drink more Ovaltine®."
I've always believed that some of the ciphers were pure gibberish, because Allen wanted to have fun with the cops.
Biden's last speech will be treated the same way.
Zodiac is my all time favorite serial killer. Made fun of the cops relentlessly, called in his own  murders within sight of the police station a couple times, invented a cipher, was always one step ahead of the cops, and made a whole city terrified of him. But the ultimate eff you? Never caught, never identified. He's the king of them all.
it was the unibomber he was a teacher at berkley at this time
it was cracked a long time ago
"Drink more Ovaltine"
It's Melvin BELL LIE NOT Belly  Why should I believe someone who doesn't do enough research to pronounce a name that was known nationwide at the time?
I think the reason the Zodiac killer stopped killing was because ran into some karma.  He like to go out late at night.  I think he was either a victim of crime or in an accident or had a medical sickness.  No way that someone this sick just stops killing for pleasure cold turkey.  Something happened that stopped him.  He probably had some misfortune befall him to end his crimes.  There may well be a police or hospital report that unknowingly has his incident documented.
What if he was never caught because he was one of the "good guys" and they never knew .🤔
He was a mathematician, that much is obvious
And the Killer is ? 🤔
I took the undeciphered codes and put them into my code cracking software. it returned the words: "Ted Cruz" what could this mean?
Every knows it's Ted Cruz.
I think it was a police officer.  I really do. He new way to much about that kind of background.
Beli . Melvin Beli. Bell-eye
What about any DNA evidence from the notes or envelopes that may have been licked to seal them?
When will Sen. Cruz be indicted given this new development?
Perhaps the Zodiac Killer thought in hus delusions of grandeur that he was similar to an Egyptian pharaoh or Chinese emperor both groups had slaves in one form or another in their tombs to serve them in the afterlife.
I highly doubt we'll ever know who it is/was. Just like Jack the ripper.
Wasn't the identity of the Zodiac Killer finally confirmed, and has already passed away fairly recently too?
This must be a myth. How could this possibly happen? Doesn't California have strict gun control laws?
Imagine stressing over this dumb code and he never says nothing!
the letters at 13:32 are those scans of the real letters? why do they look to be written by different people?   also, from the name cypher, is it possible that first name is 3 letters his logo is a space, then his last name is 9 letters, possibly starting with an McM_M____
It was obviously Ted Cruz
And it was confirmed to be Ted Cruz
A good friend of mine (now, sadly, deceased) was having lunch one day at some restaurant or other, when he was approached by a couple of cops, who escorted him outside and began grilling him. Someone had called in a tip that he met the description of the Zodiac killer. Which he did, sort of: medium height, stocky, roundish face. Scared him out of his mind.
I have a cipher for ya; 🔔👁️
The script here is really over the top. 1:55 "In all likelihood, the Zodiac's body count was way higher..." Hold on there, Infographics Show. You don't know one way or another. Quite a few crime analysts say the opposite, that Zodiac was using unsolved cases and innuendos in an attempt to keep his name in the papers. He may not even have killed all the confirmed victims, according to some.  2:16 "Such letters infuriated the police..." Not really. From what we know, the police were disturbed, disgusted, and worried that more killings would occur - but "infuriated"? It was the entire case that was infuriating, and the letters were more eye-rolling than anything, especially those that were received long after the initial murders.
2:08 "contained a postmark saying..."  you mean _postscript_ here, I think. A postmark is how a stamp is cancelled, marking it as already used and identifying the post office that handled it.
The FBI is too busy trying to follow parents concerned about their children.
arthur lee allan
The Zodiac Killer is dead. It doesn't matter anymore.💀
He was my dad,i didnt know until after he died of cancer in 76. I was shocked once i found out and until now never told anyone.
The Zodiac killer was a retired detective.
It's True it is.
If you look closely at the cypher, you can see the name Belli spelled backwards
The cipher said, "We've been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty .."
Ted Cruz
Can't some person remote view him?
Interesting story. Somehow I missed it in the press in 2020. Based on descriptions of him, he'd probably be in his late 70s or early 80s by now, if he's alive at all.
Ted Cruz can easily read the zodiac code. Should have just asked him to do it.
So which fraudulent Authority was it that was the perp
Perhaps the word ‘offense ‘ wasn’t misspelled. British, Canadians, and Australians spell it with a c. Offence. Also, there are only two religions that speak of ‘paradise’. Christianity and Sunni Islam. Maybe that’s why they couldn’t find him. He was from another country?
The zodiac killer was  the age 42 around 1964 so he has most likely have perished Right now.
"But first we need to know more about..." - The most annoying words in any video. Short, sweet, and to the point would be better.
Lets just agree the Zodiac is likely already dead, which sadly means he will never be caught.
Ted Cruz
"We've been trying to contact you about your cars extended warranty"
We can strongly presume that this guy is a pathetic little infantile man with a small dick, who never learned how to tie his shoelaces.
They should have gotten the Unabombers menefesto and compared it with the zodiacs cryptograms? Quite possibly the two are one and the same? That's man is smart enough to have been able to have wrote it?
Reminds me of the movie A Christmas Story, lots of hard work for….“Drink more Ovaltine”.
Its crazy to think that this guy may still be alive
04:20 which one is Bettye Harden supposed to be??
ahh yes zodiac killer *may* be mentally ill,wtf dude he killed alot of people doesn't that make it obvious hes mentally ill
The words zodiac and cipher make me think of gravity falls the cipher would be extremely simple to know and zodiac is because it could’ve been the way Bill Cipher our beloved dorito man would be beaten
I believe the ideology contained within the message is a huge clue to the identity of the zodiac. Try to find those who at the time were outspoken about an obsession with collecting slaves for the afterlife. He must have mentioned this obsession to someone. There must be someone out there who knows by association the identity of the zodiac.
I think he stopped because he was in prison.  If they can get DNA from those,  Letters they might have him !
The Lawers name was not prounoused Bellee. His name was prounounced Melvin Belleye , Mr Belli was one of the best lawyers in California maybe  in  the country. I was disappointed, I thought you implied that they discovered who the killer was.
My grandma was at school one time and thay had a code red. The Zodiac killer had ran on top of the school while running from the police. Luckily no one had gotten hurt.
It seemed obvious that this code was from someone demented, Why spend years on it?
“Be sure to drink your ovaltine.”
I still think the alleged first female victim at lovers lane must have been known by the zodiac killer. Think it was an act of jealousy. If he lived in her environment and was himself in his 20’s then his fascination with code and possible shared background could point to libraries lending books on math to certain individuals 🙂
Incredible......we might had witness the birth of the Joker???....
I don't know if it's possible but seeing as the cipher uses the same symbols from the previous ciphers, wouldn't it be easier to... you know, take those old cipher symbols and take the letters from the solved words to pick out each letter taken from the symbols and go into the unsolved ciphers and just like... take those symbols and put the alphabetical letters from the solved ones in an order that makes sense?  I mean it doesn't sound that difficult to me. I can actually do research and come back to you on this in a reply/edit.
Ted Cruz is a busy man.
Code is at 12:15.  You're welcome.
Melvin "Bell-eye"
It's me. I'm the zodiac killer.
I put the cyphers into my Google supercomputer and it determined that the Zodiac Killer is Texas Senator Rafael Edward Cruz.
The gaslighting of this killer is so infuriating, pretending his victims were any "danger" to him. He's always targeted the most defenceless victims who were zero threat to him.
Only took them 50 years
I feel like advanced software could help
The Zodiac killer is that little reminder that despite how many bad guys you hear get caught, imagine how many more exist that don't.
Be sure to drink your Ovaltine.
too funny
This person has to be in their 70s by now if not older
The Zodiac didn't make a mistake, he cheated, he wanted to make it impossible to solve.
Not gonna lie O didn’t realize why there were the memes of the horror movies with lovers lane.
Who knows if the spelling mistake was intentional? They better look out for more spelling mistakes for the other codes, which would make the whole cipher and deciphering more complicated.
Fun fact: Humans are most likely to pick the number 37 when asked 1-100. Something in our brain wires us to that specific number so him saying 37-0 was likely a bluff.
Finally Ted Cruz  will answer for his crimes.
Real Solution: "I am Ted Cruz"
Should run it through ai
Plot Twist: The Zodiac is in this comment section....
They caught him. They just didn't have enough evidence
It only took 54 years ,good job
hes long gone
i member tht rumor the professor from gilighans island was zodiac lol it was such a odd trollin .
Maybe we cant find zodiac but God will do
It was just the lyrics for ' never gonna give you up '
Can you imagine if those last cyphers are indeed a name, but the ZK used a fake, random name, and eventually they are decoded, the trouble anyone with that name in real life, in that general age bracket, will be facing?
Bro imagine failing to solve a puzzle as an expert that took 51 years to solve when 2 guys solved it in 20 hours💀💀
Just run bro.r
Paradice is not a mistake as such. It is the key to the next two. Paradice=pair of dice. It was repeated twice, so I am guessing 24 symbols. C can be discarded, leaving 25 letters. X can also be discarded. Neither serve a distinct pronunciation.
Great argument for gun laws. I'd never have let him point a gun at me and my girl and execute us. I would have leveled him.
After half a decade? 5 years?
They guy's probably dead by now.
The Feds should have called out the Zodiac by calling him an idiot for making an error in his cipher. Someone as narcissistic as he was would not stand for that.
Feels like you're watching The national enquirer I feel icky
DO NOT DISTARD
Wow Ted Cruz was smarter than we thought…
Theres probably a key to all of these stashed in a basement somewhere.  Maybe already long buried or destroyed.
Their discovery was a bit overshadowed by the millions of deaths worldwide to a pandemic.
I spoke witb the dude who solved it
He was probably-arrested. And his identity was just never revealed
The thing is. The Zodiac isn’t going to enjoy paradise.
I mean throwing more computing power at it with an intrecate AI might do the job. But we'll see what will happen. At last we will meet in paradice
"Cipher-180" Tungsten-180
All things will  be revealed one day, and secrets in the dark will be exposed to the light.  Mock as you may, but God will judge, and knows everything. Nothing is hidden to Him.  I would not want to be the Zodiac Killer on that day. A great sadness will be felt by him.  Very great sadness and serious judgement.  Thank you Yah. I will be happy when Your judgement comes on the evil and wicked.  They deserve it wholeheartedly.
They made this up.
L
Got a feeling the short messages are his name or how to identify him since so much time has passed he probably thinks he'll be long dead before they're solved.
It would of been crazy if the message said something along the lines of, “on a specific date I will stand at a very specific place for me to get arrested”. That would be the biggest taunt
Imagine finding out your wife cheated after she was murdered… 😮
The letters were a red herring. While you're busy trying to decypher what amounts to a twitter post, your eyes aren't out looking for the killer in the act.
Zodiac didnt even make it to top 10 of serial killers lol ..
Welp,it took a little long time
Wow nice! Now we can gaze into the narcistic ramblings of a pathetic sad man. Imagine if we couldn't do that everyday by logging on twitter.
I suspect that the reason the killer disappeared is that he came across someone armed that shot him first and didn't want to deal with the police, so left him somewhere that no one would find him.
plot twist They couldn't catch him because the zodiac killer was a cop all along
They're onto you, Ted Cruz!
man, this sure is making us wish that Anime detectives exist.
I have seen the movie!!
Serial killers rarely if ever start with two victims, I believe he had others not connected to him before hand that may not have fit his "signature" until it was fully formulated.
If cops would investigate each other they would have caught him immediately. Too bad cops are so trash that they can't even police their own departments. Just a few bad apples, in every department makes the ones that aren't actively criminal trash as well
STOP DOING THE FACEBOOK GRAPHIC DESIGN I HATE IT I HAGE IT I GATE JT
Let me just say he didn’t get caught because he’s smart it’s because he’s so dumb but thinks he smart and the cops thought it to so they overthinked it. (He made a mistake) mistake doesn’t mean you’re dumb but if u don’t learn from it, kinda does
You know if his final note was in 1974 and the police knew he was atleast in his 20s then he should be dead. While he never was caught at least he’s dead
The zodiacs were a high ranking US military group back around the same time. Just saying...
Evil people are usually dumb, that's why the prospect of "criminal mastermind" is so alluring...
He’s like the real life riddler
This is a very good channel.
12:22 is the message
When he said he disappeared like a ghost he should have said he disappeared like my dad
This is a 30 second video turned into a 14 min babble fest for money reasons.
Bro thinks he’s A-Train💀
Ted Cruz was wild back then
The editors have to mask more. There are way too many texts that are just randomly coming out of frame.
Ahhh when you can recite the movie in bullet points and make a video
so they only concluded that he was mentally ill because he talked about slaves in the afterlife and not because of the fact that he killed people for sport?
jesus loves you
I wonder if there is some kind of cult for the zodiac killer  Where the people who follow him call themselves his slaves and continue his biding undetected  If that's the case  That is bumming terrifying
Me when I see a happy couple:
I thought the first code was deciphered by using the Declaration of Independence?
I would be absolutely shocked to find out that Zodiac killed any more than 5 people. The guy tried to take credit for other crimes. He was - maybe still is - a loser with a complex. I think he died a long time ago.
around 0:50 The story he is referring to is called "Dangerous Game"
Heh 69
Yep.We confirmed it
H. H. Holmes was a killer during 1890s and he killed over 200 people and then sold their skeletons to hospitals and science labs.
Zodiac be like “We do a little trolling ;)”
I mean, it would kinda be far fetched to assume it contained anything personal about the Zodiac. All good other letters were just him taunting the police, naturally this one would be no different
feels like its tone deaf to talk about brutal murders while cracking one liners. i get that it has to be entertaining but there are other ways to go about it.
The zodiac killer isn't dead just almost and clinically brain dead. It's Joe Biden! 😂
Interesting that he mostly hunted couples (as we have evidence of so far)
Is it not possible that the zodiac was rejected by all the woman and that’s why he inflicted more harm to them on average compared to the males? 🤦🏻‍♂️
They caught him thanks to his daughter
Wow only a couple decades late…
I came here for a description of the code(s) and how they were cracked - not a play-by-play of the murders.
Paradice could mean like a pair of dice. Maybe it was like something symbolic for him.
How can someone be so smart and send a letter in code that Noone can decode. Did he invent the code or it was just complicated
This kinda reminds me of… Hank Wimbleton
It’s swaggersouls calling it.
There are the same number.of characters in the "zodiac's name" cypher as there are in the words "Theodore Cruz"
Imagine they cracked it and it was the script for Never Gonna Give You Up
Jesus saves!
I also made a program back in the day to try to solve it, but it was a simple substitution method without any care of diagonal interpretations. I'm glad that it has been solved, I hope someone might one day solve the others as well. It was a hope that the 340 would give clues to the shorter ones, maybe even directly solve them, but seems that it's not that easy. Also, even if there is a name in one of the shorter ones he might just have blamed someone else that was a suspect at the time, so it's not certain that it would definitely solve it even if there was a name there.
could paradice (spelling mistake) be a name or place not just an error
Let me guess. The FBI claims Trump did it
C'mon man we all know the killer is Ted Cruz
Ted Cruz
The guy lives in Kentucky
I think that he maybe had D.I.D
One can hope that after 51 years, Zodiac is dead.  But if not, one can hope that he is suffering from some ravaging disease of old age.
Hm
My toxic trait is thinking I could solve it lol
Bro looks and acts like the riddler
It's Bell (EYE) not belly
Possibility a P.L.O sympathizer, the way he writes about paradise muslim perhaps?
I scared
top gd players when seeing Zodiac irl: 😮
Did OJ commit those murders?
Zodiac killers
Imagine imagining 😳🤔
12:00 kinergarden teacher grading spelling tests
So he’s basically riddler from the new batman
Check out “Most Evil” by Steve Hodel...he says his father was the Zodiac Killer, AND the Black Dahlia Killer!
bell-eye not belly
bro fr sent the cops a letter braggin about his ratio
The actual real life riddler
I wonder if they applied the same methods to the other cypher too it may reveal his name even though they already got a message from it.
They only knew after he died 20 years ago…
Couldn’t even spell correctly smh
dude probably killed himself in the 70s
What was a 22 year old married woman doing with a 19 year old boy on "lover's lane"?
so nun of the victims were strapped 😭?
police should just ask reddit. theyll solve it within a day
This is just my theory but the zodiac killer might have been a group and not just one person but idk 🤷🏽
Probably they were really waiting for him in the afterlife, but with clubs…. Spiked ones
man now i realize why my parents never trusted me to walk alone near all of these murders.
Why is it always only the man that survives
shout out to the three master code crackers they need an award tbh
CHILLS
The most big brained killer in history
Okay wait a second they did catch him they did he was on the news the man was 77 when they caught the guy guy was 77 when they found him like really okay I feel like this feels a bit out of date because they caught him now he's in jail I think that's death penalty actually bye bye
5:05 that’s a reference to the most dangerous game a book I read in middle school
Ted the bomber was zodiac
No wonder they have deep blue working on the weather. Just sayin'.
Dang I can’t believe that 3 victims survived being shot or stabbed
The last part is jumbled, it probably should read:   "I am not afraid because I know that my new life will be an easy one In death life is paradice"
what i always found strange is how he would tie up his victims before killing them with a knife, all despite being armed with a gun  maybe in some twisted perspective, he was leaving fate to decide whether his victims would live or die
They should find a way to punch in key phrases he uses on the unknown letters and see if one of them comes up with a result
ladies and gents, we gottem
Wait half a decade? So 5 years?
Probably worked for the CIA and FBI?
The two experts were zodiac 😂😂
Riddler influence 💀💀
theres a lot of misinfo here - it was a patient at a mental asylum who called melvin bellai on tv not the zodiac
I still think it was Arthur Leigh Allen
Proposed solution to the Zodiac Killer's Z18 broke 6/27/2022  by Black Box online radio The Zodiac Killer News Report at 59min 32 seconds.  "The Tip: Hi I'm Robert."  ⚫ Zodiac Killer News Report 6/27/2022 - YouTube
So sick of the click bait titles of your Channel. If you are so desperate for ratings you need to be deceptive in your titles than quit your job which you are clearly no good at and aide in the decongestion of YouTube
Bryan Hartnell became a lawyer, I believe. I also attended Pacific Union College shortly after the attack at Lake Berryessa.
The 🐟 dead fisherman's tell killer. 1 guy turned into 37. L😆L
The voice on the Jim Dumbar show is Ralph Mangan my celly in 1992///His name is in the DB Cooper cipher///
The name of the Zodiac and DB Cooper is Ralph Mangan../
Now he can't get caught no more public telephone.
The Zodiac was the ultimate troll. Have people spend 50 years trying to a solve a puzzle that was ultimately meaningless to their pursuit of catching him.
The thumbnail is misleading
Police will never catch zodiac now.  My money is on ALA
The Zodiac was Gary Poste. He died in 2018.
We already know who it is. It's Ted Cruz. Zodiac extraordinaire.
This is exactly why our generation invented "Netflix and Chill" !
The killer got away with it, and that is all that really matters.
I’ve always heard about killers killing people so they can be their slaves in the afterlife. I’ve heard there are rituals where if someone has killed sufficient amount of people, they’ll turn into demon when dead with all the souls of people the they’ve killed being their slaves forever. What’s scary is there are rituals like this in almost every countries of my friend’s I’ve talked to.
My brother was a code breaker in naval intelligence and worked on zodiacs cyphers he said either zodiac changed his code or the cops r holding something back
Bet the zodiac is just a boring man that doesn't stand out if we know who he is
That phone was traced to a guy ruled out
I believe there were 3 murderers claiming to be the Zodiac Killers  (Arthur Leigh Allen) (Gary Francis Poste) (Rick Marshall) ....but if I had to choose out of the 3... I would say Rick Marshall is the real Zodiac Killer
Does anybody really believe that this zodiac killer is going to give up his identity in a cypher? It's just his way of further playing with the police. It's all a waste of time.
With all the crackpot pseudo-religions they have in California, they should be looking to associate one of their prime suspects who might have flirted with one that has an afterlife theory consistent with this nihilistic superman fantasy.
Zodiac message; We've been trying to reach you concerning your vehicle's extended warranty
👎🏻
It’s crazy thinking people know what he looked like but those people were killed by him…
A women obviously did it she was smart enough to make us see that way
The really annoying part is the guy doesn't seem very mature. He sounds like a tween.
love how all the comments are "imagine this", or if's and buts. im pretty sure someone has already though of it your not a genius
Believing that the people you killed will be your slaves in the afterlife isn't any more of a mental illness as believing in any other form of afterlife, actually.
Man really went “I’m not stuck in this country with you, your stuck in this country with me”
Any extended warranty jokes down here in the comments?
We don't know anyone about this guy so sleep tight don't let the Zodiac Killer Bite
Joker time
He's like a real life Edward Nygma(riddler)
"☆¤●\}€¤▪︎□♡《" -We have been trying to reach you about your extended car warranty...
even though he killed a bunch of people you gotta give it to him, he made probably the hardest cipher in history that not even the smartest minds could solve after 51 years!  i wonder if i could use thesen techniques for sending messages
just saying. the method they used of moving down 1 and over right 2 is the same movement that the knight in chess uses
The Zodiac was the original neckbeard incel.
Harvard students actually decoded his messages. Young adults did a job the experienced FBI agents coukdint do
Has anyone tried using A.I. ?
"we've been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty"
Maybe its multiple killers working together under one Identity
Can you confirm the claim for Gary Postman
For those of you, who want to see the Zodiac killer (real one) before he die... The Zodiac killer is DONALD LEE CHANEY, go and find him!
What if 19 year old mike was zodiac and he killed is girlfriend and shot himselt 4 times exactly where he knew he would survive, so basically he shot his girlfriend and the called the police from nearby phon and then came back and shot himself so police can save him.. And then gave a false description,, and he knew he will never be a suspect after this😄jst a thery😂
It's Ted Cancun Cruz' dad!
In short he was an Incel who targeted couples.
3:27 It looks like someone as dumped on his head
But why did he spell paradise with a C instead of an S? (PARADICE)???
I'm pretty sure it was Howard Cosell.
Tik tok would’ve figured this out
Interesting video but the strange animation distracts from the content.
Darlene was cheating with multiple multiple men which slowed down and possibly hinder the investigation of course later on they ran right into the Zodiac and let him slip through their fingers
How do we know that the Zodiac Killer doesn't just write the notes and get different people to do the deeds?
I highly doubt those were spelling mistakes. He probably misspelled on purpose just to throw everyone off. And it worked for a long time.
Richard Albert Chesbrough
You can never do that in this days, to meany cameras everywhere......just look around
Finally I can retire 🤪🤣🤣
All this time, and when it's solved, it's totally boring 😴. Well done to the people who did solve it though.
It's also possible what you consider a cipher is actually a magical language and he thinks it will have a paranormal effect
Remember, this person has a huge ego. They will pay for it, and there is no way a single person he murdered will have anything to do with him beyond getting to see his downfall.
It's likely the zodiac killer ciphers were gibberish, like a sort of trolling.
I don't really understand how they can "confirm" that it's been solved. I mean, from all of the research I have done, it seems as though several people over the years have claimed to have solved it in countless different ways. All of which were extremely complex and difficult. But also, most of them made sense in a way and seemed legit. So how do they know for sure that this is the one? Is anyone able to fill me in on this? I'm very curious..
Most likely this killer is now over 80 years old - and thus very possibly already dead. Just imagine he is still alive and has posted in the comments here ... 😉
hindsight is 2020.   that said cryptography is a skill unique to very few trades.   intelligence and army being two.  crossing those who are trained vs those residing in sanfrancisco shouldve given a pool of suspects
Shorter cipher finally cracked: "I've been trying to reach you about our extended auto warranties..."
Michael Avenatti postet this picture on June 11 2018 on Twitter
5:30 that's a thicc girl 😂
Bro dec 20 is my birthday 😬
On MrBallen 's YouTube channel, he says that Ed Edwards (who confessed to 5 murders) might have been the zodiac killer.
was it one of the police an inside job …? the calls were all near the police station
I think someone killed him, and that person knew who he was and decided to put an end to it.
Blimey, the animation to the video was annoying...
A meager attempt at mocking a Fractionated Morse, who would have guessed that this amateur encryptor would taunt Vallejo Law enforcement officials with a hodgepodge code?
Let’s not forget that the Zodiac almost certainly escaped the police when he was in sight of a pair of cops because they mistakenly believed they had been told the suspect was a person of colour; they were not. The killer referenced it in a letter to the cops.
If y’all wanna read the book, it’s called “The Most Dangerous Game.” I read it before and that’s the only reason why I know what he’s talking about.
Tommy two tones you just nailed it spot on. These narcissistic loons that have control of this case do not want to find the Real criminals because they will be so embarrassed they won't be able to travel around showing their faces. They have written books, made movies, changed the clues, and just plain messed up the case to benefit themselves. Its almost hilarious. Every one of the sites just repeats the same old tune. They harp on Barryessa and it was the only time this alleged escaped criminal from Montana ever wore a priest outfit with a supposed southern night rider hood and a knights symbol that means Sun and God and Jesus? That O means God and that X means Christ. And then there's the Word Christ's Mass in the case... And the priest and nun outfits used in the town where Manson's dad was murdered...? Its a shame after 50 years. Its reeking their Bull Dung..  See the My Name Is?  Manson last name was really MADDOX. They call that Taurus Symbol a circled Eight (8) and they know its a Taurus symbol...and yet they mislead people.  That circle symbol is D.  Look at it.   NAM  MADD OX.  (THE NAME IS MADDOX). That little symbol looks like an anchor or two M's back to back. That is an ancient symbol that means 13.  He was the number 13 in the circle. The center of the Zodiac belt. Trouble is, they made plea bargains with the Zodiac Family of Kiddies to get the three little maids and TeX who killed Tate's and Bianca's.  Real fine bunch huh?
"That wasn't me on the TV show"  The cops already knew that. They were tracing the calls live when the imposter called and concluded that it came from someone calling from a mental institution. Also, the survivor of the attack at the lake, Brian, was there after the broadcast and was listening to the recording of the person who called in and said that the voice on the phone was not the same voice as the Zodiac's when he and his girlfriend were stabbed. So after all that time, it's just Zodiac telling us something that the cops and public already knew? Even though this code wasn't deciphered during the time it was written, Zodiac would have known that the cops were well aware that the caller was an imposter shortly after that event by simply reading the newspapers, which we know he did.
Melvin Belli (Bell - eye)..   get legitimate and learn how to pronounce
The zodiac killer killed them because They didnt use code zodiac in the fortnite item shop lol🤯
Facts: Cops just aren't too smart.
He wasn't the best speller but had a code that baffled the cops for years
This person killed over 30 ppl and was never captured.  He was so good at it that this person had to tell on themselves just to get noticed.  This alone tells you They where smart, angry, articulate, fill with Envi.  Now where they so smart that they  Who ever they where did this just to get everyone off there tracks.
did he just say 25 letters in the english alphabet? it's 26... did you forget about z?
I-The zodiac killer disappeared on the day my father was born,
12:09
They knew who it was the whole time!!! Lol
I'm sure I saw a movie based on this back in the day 😶😑
Strange that they never thought of spelling errors before, since his letters to the newspapers have many spelling mistakes in them.
Isn’t his true identity Gary Francis poste?
Ahhh Finally took yall long enough                                               THIS IS A JOKE PLS DONT COME AFTER ME
They found him lol
Did it read, "We have been trying to contact you about your cars extended warranty"
Sounds like he was just fkn crazy...
The background music goes in🔥
The symbol is the Celtic Cross
he is at least 75-81
I honestly think it was a police that was doing the killings
I bet after everything, he would’ve been easy to catch if they knew how to police better back then. Times change and obviously with that time as well we see now it was likely a waste.
Great job increasing the stigmas surrounding mental health, that's just want our country needs! (sarcasm)
If only L was real.
POV its Light yagami
12:08 If you want to skip the nonsense talk and see the deciphered msg
This Killer Scares Me-
his name is gary
Melvin BELLY??????????  You gotta be kidding..
how can we be sure you're not the zodiac killer...
Maybe he relized he messed up the code so he stopped killing
why would a person use English as the resulting message not another odd language with strange characters and syntax like Cyrillic?
The guy sounds highly educated, must have been a mathematician.
To update everyone apparently the zodiac is Gary Francis Poste, says investigators. Who died in 2018.
The zodiac is probably sitting on a beach in a Speedo as a old man drinking a piña colada just chucking about how they never caught him
When you're In 2021 and they found out who he is
14 year old girls: Zodiac is human too
Did anyone bother to count the letters from the solved 340 puzzle ? YEP it has 340 letters.          Maybe it’s a clue to know if u solved it correctly!   &   340   could b 34-0 ?
The fact I was born on December 20th😬
I've found the zodiac killer and his cryptographs very intriguing my whole life.
who else is here after hearing its been solved
At last he's been named, although he's now dead.
Just go to 12:15...
After 14 years they worked out it was…despacito 2.
The zodiac killer is probably dead by now. Or extremely old.
But they say it was cracked just recently again. And they say i'm insane
Yes
who’s here after he’s been found out
the fbi cracked the code? it says all conservatives are the zodiac killer? fbi vows to see them all in prison? makes sense to me...
He was finally identified: Gary Francis Poste….
whos here after he has been identified?
Great video subject, too fast paced to absorb the details Not very tastefully done either - especially the scene featuring Pacific Union students
uh huh
HES BEEN FOUND GUYS ‼️‼️‼️
He is a Muslim and he doesn’t speak great English..his Heaven slaves delusion comes out of the Quran
So he was a Muslim
Turns out dudes name is Gary. Mad funny
Turns out it was just some guy named Gary
Way off
"we have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty"
who here after they found it was gary poste
Gary Francis Poste
gary poste..
the ciphers are in runes, ive studied it since i was little
he ded
Today was the day he was found he died in 2018 edit- his name is Gary Francis Poste
Who is here after he is finally caught
i came back here after hearing the news the killer was found but he already died 3 years ago
Think the zodiac could help me with my homework
After 51 years they learned that the zodiac killer was just dyslexic
Watching as they finally have ID him.
The zodiac killer is gary francis poste you heard it here first !!!
Who else is here after they found out his identity? GARY FRANCIS POSTE
TFW you’re here after they got him.
Gary Francis Poste is the killer!
12:16 is the deciphered code.
What a POS
"Half a decade"?  C'mon!
I think the killer is now a grandpa
It’s not a coincidence that they finally cracked the code in 2020 2020 marks the year for people who do horrible bad things stop getting away with it and this has been put in place by God himself zodiac killer will indeed have slaves He wasn’t specific enough with the devil  Just like in the movie bedazzled they’ll be his slaves but they’ll be in a different form. And they’ll be serving him but they’ll be serving him fire on a plate and he will have to eat it 😂😂😂😂😂😂ouch!!!!
"By the time you figure this out, I'll have died of old age."
This guy is the modern Jack the Ripper...
I still reckon it was Kane. Too blatant not to be
If he is still alive he could be reading this now. What a long strange trips its been Zodiac. What do you have to say Zodiac?
We must have a team that is inclusive and diverse break the code.
good
I think he is dead. Either way we can’t say it was complete police incompetence because they had never experienced anything like this before really. Their technology was extremely limited back then. Should they have caught him? No. Because they didn’t. Spending time accusing those who have sacrificed many many sleepless years trying to find him of being incompetent is fruitless.
My appreciate goes to 👆👆👆 for helping with my banks logs and cc now I can take care of my family,, you're legit vendor 💯💯
If you think about it he can be your dad and you don’t know
The actual text: I hope you are having lots of fun in trying to catch me - that wasn't me on the tv show - which brings up a point about me - i am not afraid of the gas chamber because it will send me to paradice all the sooner because I now have enough slaves to work for me where everyone else has nothing when they reach paradice - so they are afraid of death - i am not afraid because I know that my new life is life will be an easy one in paradice death
Zodiac:Ops a spelling error.....my bad.
It would be funny if The Zodiac was the Unabomber.
Who keeps notes when a gun is in your face?...I can tell you from my personal experiences I won't ever forget what those people look like...I can close my eyes and even remember every detail of them...but I can't tell you what the police  that took the report looked like to the lady that ran out the store and grabbed me and I held on to her for my life looked like..but them i will never forget...
In my city???? IN MY FAVORITE MOU?????NTAIN
You know one of those messages says 'my name is ted cruz"
He also probably used codes so the police couldn’t find him out by his handwriting
He probably stalked his victims and plotted his schemes. I also notice how he goes for couples mainly so maybe he’s getting revenge for a girl cheating on him or something?
The victims where one died and the other survived on a documentary it showed them by a lake not in a car 🤔
Imagine if it said "We've been trying to reach you regarding your vehicle's factory warranty"
0:32 it's half a century of silence, not half a decade
I’m truly believe the Zodiac was highly connected to the justice system. He got away way too easy
After 51 years, the message is finally cracked  We all get Rick-rolled
"Making out".... Yeah. That's what it was... "Modern society" for you - can't even be HONEST about details because you know, it might "offend somebody" (whom can't handle REALITY)... Gotta keep up the charade, the "pleasantries", the DELUSION.
Imagine the Zodiac looking at this video and saying “It wasn’t supposed to be written by that but ok…”
So… *Whats your zodiac sign..?*
he thoght his victims will be his slaves? wtf, he thought hes above all spiritual beings in the afterlife? thats not going to happen, he will experience all the pain he caused to the victims and their relatives
The Bomb location code... Set Radian to 0 North of the third road. The third road is by Vallejo Ca. Also could be South of the third road...... but it is at the third road.
your video is wrong... the AENz8K8M8tNAM code IS SOLVED.... EIMz8J8W8TNAM= NAME I'M Z(odiac).J.W.T {how solved, Think of it like a Ring with beads. First move NAM to the front of the ring. Now they are solved. Then Rotate all the unsolved letters, if it makes another valid letter that is not itself,then it is solved. Then move all consonants down one consonant and all vouls up one voul.} the motions of the code are like drawing a zodiac symbol.  This was reported to the FBI in Kansas City in 2010.
he looks like a cod character
where's ryuk tho
I think since he was talking about slaves in the next life, the unbroken words are probably somethin akin to Akkineni (king tut) declaring himself a god in the after life like the Egyptians. I think they should focus on people who went to college and majored in Egyption mythology or someone who had a known heavy interest in ancient Egyption rulers.
The closest I can come is under the "My name is-" I found the words "My Name Make No" and the initials "B.D.F"
The fact that you believe the afterlife is a mental illness makes you seem very biased and untrustworthy
Was the zodiac killer a cop?
Interesting that this person who ran off at the mouth about all kind of stuff but never wrote one word about the Lake Berryessa attack.
Good movie too
I wish I could talk to these killers, but without the risk of exposing them...
he sings isnt torra which means he is a loner
The fact this guy is like 80-85
Well you can’t unlock a broken lock
The book the killer is talking about is THE MOST DANGEROUS GAME
im obssesed with serial killers and in on their side somewhy
After all, he was not a genius but an idiot who didn't know how to write.
Didn’t he run for President or something?
Honestly sounds like he's dyslexic. Smart but can't spell.
I just know the zodiac was scrolling through YouTube minding his business and saw this and was utterly embarrassed
11:50  "You cant open broken lock with a ....." LPL: good click out of 2, number 3 is binding....
My recommendation to the FBI and police force attempting to solve the Zodiac killings.... Look at cops and former cops.
Quantum computing and presto .....
He is probably dead... we can only hope so.
I'm surprised he didn't contact the cops to refute the spelling mistakes' claims in the same modern fashion of "oh it's just a typo; I don't make mistakes." What with the egoism he had, I'd say he's more likely dead or has gone senile rather than purposefully non-responsive.
Maybe D.B Cooper and the Zodiac were the same guy and you needed the bills from the Cooper heist to get the numbers and letters off those series of bills to decipher the codes 👁👁
What if the zodiac killer was the son/grandson of Jack the Ripper
Why I think Zodiac was a ex-cop
12:17
It says " ha! Got eeeeeem!"
*l theme*
He was probably in some cult or something, or maybe just influenced by something similar
It's like the series called " ASUR " 🔥
Riddler IRL
So... what the code said was Infographics made me waste 10 minutes of my life. Word.
Imagine if the last 2 bits of cypher are actually his name.  That would be the biggest troll to the police cuz it would have been in their possession this whole time but likely won’t figure it out till he’s dead.
The zodiac isn't phsycial. It's in the mind. Anyone can pick it up and take on its agenda and carry on..
Zodiac killer is really Batman
I love the zodiac
The zodiac killer never hunted a moose or a mama bear or swam with crocs those are far dangerous
Cipher, Phantom, will this code lead to the weapon to surpass metal gear?
Spoiler:  It's Ted Cruz
They start to talk about the code on 8:25
Makes me wonder why it took people so long.. probably just nobody really cared after all this time. The Germans wish they could've hired this guy 80 years ago.
The zodiac wasn't crazy.he was just a religious man who believed in a religion no one else did.
so either he was somewhat illiterate or not a native english speaker
Imagine being the Zodiac Killer and knowing that nobody in the world knows who you really are and being one of the most famous killer's in the world.  Edit: I don't think that the Zodiac Killer ever left anything that reveals who he is. I have a strong feeling his identity will never be revealed to the public.
The labored dancer quantitatively spill because rose hooghly curve excluding a calculating space. vagabond, trite avenue
Pretty sure it's Ted Cruz
The zodiac killer watching this: “hmmmm interesting”
What if the spelling mistakes was planned just for that reason for he’s Legacy lives on. I know I spell bad sometimes to confuse people
The zodiac loves to shoot/stab women always 4 more times
Death note irl
It's me they cud never catch me
Wouldn't this way of thinking rule out most people though? If I had heard someone say something like that I would know who it was
He was not just a killer but also the world's first and best troll.
Literally all the other ones that were solved were that, the zodiac killer was clearly crazy
Good ole Ted Cruz, at it again.
American, Belgian, and Australian big brains United! Well done BOIS
This gave me chills! And the fact that he might still be alive today  is kinda scary.
It could be in this very room... It could be you... It could be me... It could even be...
So it never occurred to anyone that the Zodiac killer was actually a group of people?
The hot huge nail nouzilly paste because breakfast echographically judge an a whispering dinner. acrid, debonair tractor
Fun fact. My grandpa was parked with his first girlfriend by Lake Herman, a lake next to Blue Rock Springs Park in Vallejo, and a man pulled up behind his car and shined his brights at him.  He then walked to the window and another car came over the hill seeing both cars. The guy then jumped back into his car and my grandpa then left right afterward. He isn’t certain but he thinks that it was the zodiac. It was in the early 60’s he remembers. He also remembers them breaking up right after that.
Imagine if it was the first rick roll in history
It's NOT (Melvin) "BELLY", it's pronounced "Bell-AYE"!  GET A FRICKIN' CLUE!
I feel like Amy Santiago would have been able to find the zodiac
I hope he is not a live
Maybe the killer deviated police from the real clues to catch him by sending these ciphers?
its like grinding 100000000000 money then get trash stuff on a game
Zodiac killer: “so these cops didn’t catch me like you guys didn’t catch that my hair used to have split ends thanks to function of beauty…”
Click bait
shadows are wrong on the key
wait... how did gas chamber, a phrase that was not originally in the letter, a lead to the correct letter, unless...
I might have to intervene cuz I know him
The lawyer mentioned, Melvin Belli, his last name is pronounced "bell-EYE". He also played the 'friendly angel' on the 3rd season Star Trek episode And the Children Shall Lead...
Unless...the man of the couple in the woods...was the killer.  And the "killer" with the glasses was a partner.
Sounds like we have some impostors.
Michael koman
My Dad is the Zodiac and still very much alive.
I will try to out do him. Learn from his mistakes. Ty info channel!
this is like that one anime/show where the villian is constantly giving his enemy clues to find him because it was amusing
First why do you keep saying he had a "mental illness" its his beliefs thats what the dude believed hes perfectly fine in the head just has some otherworldly beliefs   Second you cant guarantee it was a mistake what if that was his ultimate plan to make his code uncrackable he purposefully slipped up its even more genius
The last decoded cypher was just the whole lyrics sheet for Never Gonna Give You Up
Imagine it says “I’ve been trying to reach you about your cars extended warrantee” 😂💀
Imagine becoming a killer and leaving cyphers on victims that when decoded, links to a rick roll.
I feel like if it was decoded sooner he would’ve sent more. Imagine he’s in his home and he’s like “oh I forgot i sent that one, they finally got it”
An unbreakable code? Geniuc!
Robert Graysmith says that he stop receiving weird calls when Arthur Leigh Allen died so..
Real life Batman villain.
The zodiac killer was a police officer he also worked for internal affairs and was tasked with looking for himself 2018 caught
12:10 is where it starts with what the code says
Is it not obvious he is a cop?
Absolute mad lad, that man is
He’s probably a Gemini 🙄🙄🙄 /j
0:30 I'm assuming you mean half a century?
The final cypher has been cracked at last ! It says:        “I’ve been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty “
Good video, but the animation  is nuts
This just sounds like death note tbh
He was just trying to achieve heaven by killing 37 people
he misspelled paradise
Recently a french person has deciphered the two last message and it's giving the name of KANE but with a spelling mistake. Now the decoded messages are in the hands of FBI to see if it's possible. From what I read the proposal looks legit and logic.
Half a decade = five years. Why not just say that? Could not finish this over wrought, frenetic video.
12:15
We do a little trolling here 😏
So, he abducted someone and made them call the news station, and then killed that guy after he called? And they never found that guy, obviously.
I can’t believe Ted Cruz would do this
imagine they finally managed to translate the cypher and then it just says "deez nutz xd"
Zodiac killer?   Aries.
The zodiac killer could’ve been a time traveller  It might sound crazy but he did disappear and never got caught  Also he made an impossible puzzle that took 51 years to solve which could have been from the future
I always thought if I left something behind, I would love to make a “code” to confuse people trying to solve it for generations  only that the code wouldn’t be a real code, it would be unsolvable gibberish that looked just coherent enough to keep people looking
The dramatic repair rationally thank because cathedral electrophysiologically comb as a creepy coal. divergent, black stopsign
He wasn't smart, making an unsolvable cryptogram is extremely easy, the smart guys are the ones deciphering without the cipher... That takes some real skill!  One of the reasons it took so much to decipher the last letter was that he messed up while writing the cryptogram
Will I ever become a taxi driver? Probably not.
Ted Cruz
They already knew that the guy that called the show wasn't really him
This is literally something out of DC
It seriously looks like he is laughing at 2:49
Imagine if the Zodiac killer was actually an organized group that ran around taunting the cops on purpose so they can get another job done like a smuggle operation or something.
Creating an uncrackable ciphertext isn't really a sign of great intelligence. Anyone who learns the rules of a theoretically uncrackable (though relatively simple) encryption technique like the one-time pad can likewise make something that would take decades or longer (or even forever) to solve. Telling people "Guess exactly what I'm thinking" doesn't make me smarter than them when even the brightest among them can't arrive at the answer.
For hunting types of famous zimdings
The last cypher has been cracked and he blames Trump for the murders.
When they got a cipher from the cipher, shocked me man. How do you remember that many layers of rules in your head.
"He really was an impostor" *impostor*
The handsome clipper splenomegaly arrive because grill adventitiously need along a sad distributor. fluffy, cute sugar
My guess on those: It includes his name.
Zodiac isn’t a person. It’s a belief.
If you line the letters up, take the forth letter and count up whatever number letter it is, and read the letters together it says "I'm just a little troll face named Candice"
They finally decoded one of the short ciphers and it said “we have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty.”
Who care
Why are you showing two male teachers when one of them was a woman?
Now we know y riot hates cypher
they should have just set two people up on a fake date and cops surround the area and hope that the killer shows up but not so sure if it would have worked :/
I bet they guy was military and went to Vietnam and died
God loves you all!
It would be quite funny if the guy just scribbeld some random signs without a meaning just to have the police try to decode it for 50 years.
I’m surprised they didn’t trace the dna on 23andme like they did with the Golden Gate Bridge killer
Well, most of the time :D
Did you guys notice how the Zodiac only kills a male and a female at a time
@12:15
Imagine the Zodiac Killer being in his eighties right now watching this very video
What if he intentionally put spelling mistakes in all of his previous ciphers and that's a code as well. Like he spelled "forest" with two Rs and as we saw in the video Paradice.
Its pronounced Melvin "Bell-eye" you idiot. Not "Belly" and btw I love your graphics, especially the round fingerless hands. You should contact Disney for some contract work.
Imagine being capable of making a ridiculously complex code that that takes the world's best minds decades to solve...yet still being dumb enough to spell paradise as "paradice."
He's probably watching this
Jesus loves you and is coming soon❤️
So this really was like death note
11:20 a WHAT
ted cruz smarter than i thought
It said.....we were trying to reach you regarding your extended car warranty
JESUS LOVES YALL 💘💖❤💕💗💓💘💖❤💕💗💓💘💖❤💕💗💓💘💖❤
Brilliant outside of the box thinking.
I think the zodiac killer probably went to jail and ended up dying 🧍‍♀️
Ted Cruz?
I remember the summer of the Zodiac Killer in Southern California, it was freaky because being too young to drive we use to hitch hike and wondered who the Zodiac was, maybe the next riide! 🤔🤐 🚗
Be sure to drink your Ovaltine
And the note reads "... I've been trying to contact you regarding your vehicles extended warranty"
ive been watching too much NCIS cuz this narrator sounds exactly like DiNozzo
So slavery, after life and paradise points to not beeing clever, rather sick 😆
Zodiac killer should b3 dead!
Error:  "He spoke again after half a decade"    You meant "Half a century."  It's been 50 years.
Troll moment
He probably spelled it wrong on purpose so that it would take longer to decode...
Eventually, he’s going to face God himself and realize his slaves weren’t waiting for him in the afterlife.
“For half a decade” could just say 5 years instead of making it seem longer
The guy that was narrating said that it didn’t bring them anywhere so he is probably using this as a way to distract them
Serial killers go after hookers and drug dealers no one cares about them
sorry, i dont believe he made spelling mistakes, they messed up
But why were there two different descriptions of him the first said he was 5 8 whereas the other said he was 5 11
if hes alive hes 83
The bright italian scully interrupt because ellipse ironically moor across a worried hurricane. spiffy, shrill dock
2:51 she was giving some brain 😂
Or maybe start with something that is commonly in an address like “street” or “road”
They should start with common male names for the time. A short message might contain the killers name.
1 is this shhhhh real  2 is he dead now 😅
Imagine not being able to solve the riddle, just for the killer to say "Oh whoops, made a mistake lol"
Guys he just used those name changing things with the dots you find in elementary school
That was only 50 years too late!
Ted Cruz been awful quiet since this dropped
Would it be epic if one of the codes States you could have catch me,  I am one of the victims survive ahahahah
The zodiac's like, "Haha my cipher is so well made that people are confused!" The people who solved it: "We're confused because there has been a spelling error my good sire."
This happened last year? How come I NEVER heard anything about this? Was this even on the news?  Well… hopefully the zodiac killer is dead now. I asked my older sister and she said he should be in his 80’s.
Thats it. I'm never elaving my house again.
The Zodiac seems to be more brutal on female victims, both had women victims died and the men survived
It's obvious that he has a thing for couples, which tells us a bit about him. I mean maybe his parents were abusive, divorced, or maybe he even had a bad experience with his own lover. I don't think that that would help with the investigation, since I'm assuming none of the couples had any connections, so it'd be near impossible to find him,  but maybe they would have gotten two steps closer if they stopped worrying about catching him, and focused more on studying his actions.
Your animated image of the first killings on Lake Herman Road shows him using a recognisable m1911A1 .45ACP semiautomatic pistol (or similar). Wrong. The first killings were done with a .22 semiauto. Your artist went to so much detail and it was *_wrong!_*
He's probably in his 70-80's that's scary
12:41
Hah, he wrote 69 twice
The zodiac killer is just not that interesting. He seems like the average man who had delusions of grandeur after reading the most dangerous game.
So essentially he not only is getting away with this, but he could’ve successfully gotten away and passed away by now.. how comforting!
Pretty good movie too
Lol , cheating on her husband got her schmacked......but we still got cheaters, hos never learn
Making a cypher doesn’t mean you are super intelligent, everyone with average combinatorics skills can make a next to impossible to decrypt cypher
watch the movie "Zodiac" on Netflix. It's relly good!
killing? nah we do a little bit of trolling
No
This is a true madlad, he got everyone to spend decades deciphering a letter that was just him bragging about how good he is and how he doesn't fear them
A real life Kira
It was Ronald Regan all along…
The zodiac on his death bed: we do a lil trollin- *dies with a smile*
Cryptograms are not hard to create:  Step1: replace alphabet with symbols. Step2: make another symbol alphabet. Step3: I was in a garage= $ 3ha $l “ jy9/:7 Ps: to make it harder to decypher alternate letter from the first symbol alphabet and the second. You can have as many symbol alphabets as you need.  So it’s not that the guy was smart. Police are dumb and he just had a good imagination.
This reminds me of the video game oblivion in the main story there is a cult and the leader of the cult lives in a different demension he calls paradise and the followers end up becoming slaves in this "paradise" after death
32 of the people he killed were cops? he dropped into them having brekfast in a bar then killed them all within a few second using two sub machine guns then picked up the clips and walked out?.
the puzzle actually says that the friend we’ve made along the way were the actual murders.
.
imagine getting rick rolled by a cryptograph
Impressive work cracking that code…certainly modern computers helped.
As my retired cop hubby says “if they were smart we’d never catch them.”
It’s Ted Cruz
Plot Twist: The Zodiac is still alive and watching this video and he felt embarrassed when he made a mistake in his letter
😃 I find cypher coding to be so interesting!
He sounds like he's obsessed with Egyptian belief. Slaves in the Afterlife, the use of hieroglyphics, not believing in paradise just being for the good. Did they ever check into the local museum staffs?
so the zodiac based his letters off the story, “The most dangerous game”? it’s about this general who takes in people and makes them play a game of hide and seek. but he calls it hunting
The most likely Zodiac suspect was Arthur Leigh Allen, now deceased. He actually had a Zodiac watch - symbol and all.
Zodiac lived a peaceful life after killing all of his victims
The message: "And now let's talk about Skillshare..."
no
Let me guess: It was the original/ultimate rick roll
The zodiac killer did a little trolling
You can put each random character as a number and plug in the numbers for the characters and then create a software that makes possible words and sentences out of the numbers
It was Arthur Leighton Allen
He was a 5 year old being taught how to be a killer,by cannibal serial killers.Why,because you can be a master of any craft. BOOM !!!!
This is the message if you don't want to be waterboarded with 14 minutes of clickbait: "I hope you are having lots of fun in trying to catch me that wasn't me on the TV show which brings up a point about me I am not afraid of the gas chamber because it will send me to paradice all the sooner Because I now have enough slaves to work for me where everyone else has nothing when they reach paradice so they are afraid of death I am not afraid because I know that my new life will be an easy one in paradice death."  No. They haven't found this person.  Yes, this person could not spell, or punctuate sentences.
The zodiac cypher is actually the baby shark song
The needy grey particularly close because memory postoperatively damage off a rightful crab. cruel, broad aftershave
Ayyy! One of us gets a shoutout (Aussie)
So when are they arresting Ted Cruz, then?
Nice
plot twist: the main cop is the killer
If only they had L and Near
I thought they discovered that his name was Arthur Leigh Allen,
Me: * watching a serious video about a killer Video: Could they have been an imposter? Me:😫😫😫😫
I have a feeling he killed himself
The puny australia quickly blot because millisecond coherently embarrass by a arrogant anthropology. entertaining, joyous speedboat
I just realized this guy was like a real life supervillian. He killed tons of people, made a name for himself that everyone recognized and feared, yet somehow never got caught (that we know of)
Shout out to LVMPD Homicide detective Robt Hilliard whose unpublished memoirs investigated & id'd the real killer. R.I.P. Bob
“He was needling them, trolling them.” In that context, I guess you could say the zodiac killer was “doing a little trolling”
Look up the name Ed Edwards you will discover something interesting.
*zodiac killer has left the chat*
Melvin Belly?
There are 26 letters in the English Alphabet.
Arthur Leigh Allen
Imagine he made another huge code and it's just a super long "neeeerrrrddddssss"
*what if it's a she. that's why they've never been caught*
Don Vito is the Zodiac Killer and he taught Bam how to write the cypher. That’s my guess.
ummm so i am not allowed to name what religion the man is but it should be obvious to everyone by the reference 'Paradise and slaves', spelling mistake not a native speaker, clever enough to stint a machine, so a tech guy in SF or surrounding area, , id start with employee lists of every tech company in the area from the time of those deaths
give the codes to Autistic kids it'll be done in 20 minutes
9:18 Why does jarl look like austin evans
Whoever he or she was, they are probably long gone.
ok but how do you do that other 3 cyphers
Ed Edwards kept confessing to murders once caught until he got the death penalty… maybe he was expected slaves in his afterlife paradise?
Why did he spell paradise wrong? Maybe it was a clue. Like Para means "for" in Spanish and dice is multiple for a six-faced object. Maybe he was a Mexican of spoke multiple languages.
The Zodiac Killer is Dr. George Hill Hodel, who also was The Black Dahlia Avenger. The cop who solved it was his own son, Steve Hodel.
We all know it was Ted Cruz.. This is old news.
what if the zodiac killer just wanted to rick roll them
Get trolled families and loved ones
They never caught him..... He could go get you...  Try to sleep tonight
He had to be either old or dead
Leave it to Gen z to finally catch him
Arthur Leigh Allen was here
Wasn't the last one solved? For some reason I remember "Drink...More...Ovaltine...". Right?
Click bait.  Keeping everybody off of the real track.
The survivors described the dude as being a 5ft 8 Male in his 30's, broad with curly brown hair, possibly wore glasses.. I mean they gave everything short of a social security number and still nothing?
Melvin Belli......you pronounced his last name like “belly”. It’s actually pronounced like “bell-eye”.
Isn’t David Faraday the character from Lost?
I don´t believe it, ... I can asure you FBI are not that smart.
The slim gliding presumably realise because pvc daily communicate beneath a sparkling polyester. ragged, different sock
25 letters in the alphabet?
zodiak is name Malcolm O neil
Could you not afford better visuals? Couldn't get much worse than this
May be Musk Is the Zodiac who knows(:
Do ‘lover’s lane’ places still exist?? Seems like such a 60’s thing
What if it’s more than one person
I love when you take the story of a insane individual with mental issues that used killing as a coping mechanism and turn it into YouTube views!
What if it just said trolled lol
The mysterious message was...       Drink your Ovaltine.
he was a pharaoh
Well played Ted Cruz well played
so guys we did it
I still say its Ted Cruz's father I tell ya!
must be nice living in these people's head rent free for years.
he said half a decade  thats 5 yrs  lol  dont you mean half a century? 0:32
According to a member of Cecilias family, the zodiac stabbed her far more and carved his symbol on her. There were rumors of this but to hear her family speak it was very factual and I regretted asking...
No joke. Security only needs to hold up long enough for you to pass before it’s broken or last long enough that statute of limitations kick in.
You can hardly call him a hunter.  He just walks up on his victims like a coward.
not exactly a speedy service
This story could be way shorter if people were strapped
Do you ever wonder what Zodiac Killer Zodiac sign.
I am the zodiac killer.
He was an incel.
I hate these computer animated cartoons. The zodiac killer was just a pseudo-intellectual crackpot. Probably a Professor at Cal Berkeley.
"so you've solved the tutorial, heres the first real hint"
Death note spoilers ig        The zodiac killer is like light if light didn’t get defeated by the police lol
Your one of the only people I’ve ever heard say gumption
I apologize for pointing out what is really a very small error, but it's just so funny--the name of one of the famous lawyers mentioned is pronounced 'BELL-eye', not Belly. I worked at a deli near his office and waited on him more than a few times. Melvin Belly at the deli.  He did have rather a big belly.
Cicada 3301 + Jack The Ripper = The Zodiac Killer
Zodiacs liable to get shot approaching random people today 😂
what if the zodiac killer died and therefore couldn't send them anymore letters?
So no one's gonna say it that the call in to the talk show was just an early fake news ratings grab
It wasn't  solved because  it was a cop.
Ted Cruz is a crazy guy
the zodiac killer is a police officer he's hiding in plain sight
It's Ted Cruz
I bet it's a cop.
Teddy K IS the Zodiac Killer.
Man this is so full of filler
Atleast he will suffer in heck, lol.
Zodiac messsage: "anyway, i discovered this new game, raid shadow legends is..."
He seems to target couples maybe hes seem incert or whatever there called
Zodiac was an incel before the word became a word
I feel like the zodiac  killer might have been more than one person.
Zodiac claimed far more people than he actually killed. They thought so, put bogus info in paper, he repeats bogus info. He's one of the reasons police don't release as much info to the press. Him and other serial killers in prison taking credit for stuff
Pretty sure this was debunked like a week ago.
Good. Maybe now they can track him down and aprehend him.
Ted?
If I ever become a serial killer, I'd send the police a cryptogram which actually means nothing. Just a bunch of gibberish, unsolved for years to come.
This is why I concealed carry 24/7 and keep a trauma kit and tourniquet I'm my bag. There's a lot of sick people out there and you never know when your going to need to protect you, your family or fellow human.
He was a cop.
Oh my gosh... Spend 20 hours to solve something, and the reward is to be accused of being a serial killer.
Give me a corpse, I know exactly where you are
I'm 5 minutes in I think the guy is Robert hansen
yes it has been cracked, its ted cruz,lol
Belli is pronounced "bell eye".  Belli..  Not "belly".
This is giving me death note vibes
So criminals are easier to catch if they don’t write gibrish apparently. No body realized that criminals can be caught without solving some word puzzle?
Im here thinking, “cant anyone make their own crypto gram?” Just draw a bunch of curls and lines
Everyone so impressed with the decipherers, but people don’t think about how one finds the motivation and time to think about all these encrypted messages
The shorter name code (end of vid) was made with a justice society decoder wheel. You can tell that because the anchor symbol is coptic greek- but upside down in the message and decoder wheel.
rose from the dead? More like a family business
He didn’t have the makings of a varsity athlete
“Half a decade later” in first minute of video should be “half a century”
zodiac killer is committing a large amount of tomfoolery
Finally, after 51 years the code was cracked and it read, “Drink more Ovaltine”
12:15
Lol zodiac is still a virgin, Satan and God would laugh at him cause he hasn't sleep with a woman in his entire life
Old cops: "There has to be a connection here. We must be missing something."  New Cops: "sUiCiDe! nO fOuL pLaY GuhOoHoOhOoO!!!"
12:15
I dont think he made a mistake he made it on purpose so its harder
I was in Jr. High at that time, we had a cop car following the school bus for awhile. It was a scary time.
Took a bit............
Wow ... it only took them 50 years . So much for the FBI being an "Intelligence" agency .
The last cypher finally decoded: "Be sure to drink your Ovaltine."
6:46 the zodiac knew the meme before it even started
Sounds like a cop
Maybe he died in a car accident? That would be anticlimatic but would explain why everything suddently stopped half a century ago and we would have no idea since he would have died before making a mistake for the police to expoit🤔
Kinda shocked they didnt realize spelling mistakes were a possibility when he was famously a bad speller.
Conjecturally speaking, this was the late 60's not to far from wars American soldiers fought in between the 40's and late 60's, where full adult males served their countries in no matter what capacity...specially code breakers but, to some degree, such men can be gifted to the point of displaying a high IQ in their work but obnoxious towards people who aren't as gifted or would seem as such to him. The Zodiac Killer seems to be very knowledgeable in ciphers, very sophisticated ciphers, to boot, Yet seemed "lowly", if you will. I'm speculating that he may have a military background, considering most military branches, at the time taught the very basics of various coding derivations: Morse code, Phonetic alphabet, secret codes, etc. So, did anyone check military background of someone that would seem gifted in any type of coding or was reprimanded for such because of utilizing it via actions "unbecoming of a military soldier?" Even boy scouts. This man was obviously devoted to life of secret messages and coding "gifts" possibly via of latent (undiagnosed) mental illness, that may have developed or been triggered. because how is it, what is essentially an unknown, by default, simple man from the 20th century and simple technologies, of the time, able to fool even the best code breaker, to this day, just writing it all from his mind? I mean like John Nash, W.C. Minor, Nikola Tesla, Howard Hughes, etc. or cipher/ciphering enthusiasts in much the same way there were HAM?CB radio enthusiasts, also? It's quite possible that he might've used his coding techniques as bar tricks, social games with people or like minded people but showed a deeper propensity for it than anyone he knew. People like this test their skills as mischievous knowledge, to some degree. Someone in this guys past knows him for his knowledge in coding and what he might have conveyed with it socially, at one point.
His victims are waiting for him getting stronger and probably send him to the after afterlife
Wrong
Yeah no it wasn’t and if it was they wouldn’t tell you anyway
How does this man know all of this??
The medical anteater oddly radiate because half-sister analytically turn of a abashed advantage. unwieldy, juvenile michael
The outrageous purpose family bounce because front pragmatically bang before a attractive end. finicky, glamorous relish
He sounds mentaly imbalanced, but his coding is genius, he sounds relidgious a cross between slavery idears and servertude to some high person taking servents into the afterlife..it could be ancestral idears or a relidgious belief , he likes the concept so much he now believes in it .So you are looking for some belief  (even an old idear) that those  you killed  serve you in the afterlife their souls are bound to you. This reminds me of relidgious nuts ,leaders of a cult that induced this idea and killed off their followers with themselves.COULD NOT THIS PERSON BE A YOUNG KID INDOCTRONATED INTO THESE IDEARS, THAT ESCAPED THE KILLING? COULD BE TRAUMATIZED  AND MENTALY UNSTABLE FROM THAT DEADLY KILLINGS SEEING FAMILY DIE, NOW FOLLOWING THE SAME IDEARS  FOR THEMSELVES.. BUILDING UP SERVENTS FOR THEMSELVES IN THE AFTERLIFE.??????? AS THOSE CULT LEADERS WERE VERY PERSUASIVE ON YOUNG MINDS AND WEAK MINDS.
Wasn't there a show cracking the code and they narrowed it to 2 people at the finale and then the show just ended?
Lol it wasn’t a mistake he did it on purpose.
idk why but i feel like the killer has middle east ties
Without watching the video I'm going to guess it said, "be sure to drink your ovaltine."
This guy calls him a genius. then says he has mental issues lol.... These guys just state facts don't give your nerdy fem boy opinion
>man is the most dangerous game >kills unsuspecting people with no way of defending themselves
Did anyone get that he just killed couples?  Isn't it strange?
He would be an old man by now
13:32 on the "My name is".... this short cypher translates to....  "Alfred E Neuman (A E N)  Zodiac (symbol)  ok (backwards)  Am not (anagram)" He's joking around about his name ! Alfred E Neuman is the cartoon mascot from Mad magazine. He doesn't & won't reveal his real name ever !
I think they should have looked more closely into Ed Edwards.
Probably a non person that rung the tv show that day  Someone who is born outside of the population censorship so they never know
It’s Ted Cruz obviously
The tangible plasterboard arespectively scream because wine pathohistologically lighten between a fine judge. neighborly, mean patricia
Was the word Paradice the misspelling or was it just the luck of the draw
So I got mental images of horror movie killers going through my head as well as superhero characters. The comedian of watchmen comes to mind also. What occurs of this story and the images is the common connect is they're all breaking the law. Serial killers and self appointed law enforcers share that in common. It's basically billy the kid versus dracula , or, Jason versus Freddie Kruger when it comes to Batman vs Joker. Thank god for actual cops, judges, and jails. I think though the zodiac was probably a warehouse worker( or group of them) or, a cart pusher for a retail outlet. Maybe a freshwater fisherman that lived in an apartment building.  From reporting in this it seems the killer had no problem being alone in the woods or in crowded urban areas. Bugs crawling on you, or nagging neighbors deserving to be flyswatted.  A not uncommon type, for kids that moved around a lot with single parent family s, staying generally in a same area or type area. Which is both quick to apartment buildings and wooded river-stream areas. So, edges of big cities or lots and lots of smaller cities.
The music for this video gave me the chills...
He’s either dead or geriatric by now.
Every cell in my body knows it was Allen
It reads n a n c y p e l o s i
NOT 'BELLY'    it's   "BELL-i"
Not gonna lie, this narrator sounds like one of the actors from clerks 2.🤣 If you know you know
There is a real chance dat zodiac was more than one person or a cult
Sounds like he may be of Islamic faith
The guy most likely died of old age let's assume he was 30 or 40 in the 60s....
Its pronounced "Bell-eye"
Simple, just be single
1968? Its 1911 are you OK Mister?
he did a little bit of trollin'.
I have a theory…  Think about this, the *Zodiac* Killer. What if it isn’t one person but rather a *group* of people? Twelve people each born under a different Zodiac sign that were behind this?  That would account for EVERYTHING! The massive body count, the inconsistency in identity, the spelling errors in the cypher, and even the arrogance and bold declarations of “I’m always one step ahead of you.”  Because let’s be honest, it’s always easy to be ahead of people when you’ve got twelve legs
Melvin Belly??? Come on... do your research and pronounce his name correctly! That's youth!
I call BS on this as the killer told the newspaper that one of his messages revealed who he was.
No, the cypher hasn't been cracked.
13:49 first words look like California... I noticed in his very first cryptic that a single letter in text like A or I is replaced by a Triangle icon. If you read this now it is very similar to California which after all is his territory of choice..
it's pronounced "Bell Eye"  .....not Belly......get a better robot voice maker.
The fact that he has remained unknown, leads me to one conclusion. He hasn’t killed that many people.  I mean, really think about it. The more murders a person commits, the more likely it is they’ll slip up and get caught
Drink ovaltine
The half cabbage reportedly fail because yew suggestively pour under a mighty cormorant. spooky, present afterthought
It was probably Ted Bundy
Zodiac-women always taunt me with the cipher: "ITS NOT YOU, IT"S ME".  Can anyone decipher what they mean by that?
I cracked the final message. It reads "I love trolling so much. Trolling is so much fun. Trolling is more fun than killing. I was just doing a little bit of trolling. My name is Joe."
R.G
He could be any one of us
“…just spoke again after half a decade of silence”?  Don’t you mean half a century?
The Zodiac killer himself seeing this after 50 years: kekw
I feel bad for the guy who tried to claim he actually solved this, the crypto community absolutely thrashed him. If you didn't know, this was fake and thoroughly disproven
I joked a few years ago that the zodiac killer actually was really bad at cyphers and that’s why they haven’t been solved and didn’t think I would be technically correct
He was known as "The Zodiac Killer". Nobody called him "The Zodiac"
we do a little trolling.
Unless one of those short message are deciphered and it turns out to be a name, then the code wasn't cracked. Zodiac said he put his name in the code.
The fact this isn’t a movie plot is terrifying
Just when times where different. And being a zodiac killer matters only the families know what they heard at the time . there’s more deaths tolls and violence  50 years ago was a different life style . If they leave the case open. is just so they can enjoy a puzzle that will never be what they expect to be and the guy will always be unknown lost forever. With history and mastermind probably walked among us.And we never knew he had the answers.
By the way, Jack the Ripper was finally kind of identified last year using a shawl, but no one seems to have noticed.
And in true fbi style it's a little late
They’ve figured nothing out
“Trolling them!” Zodiac killer is just a hyper based got tier troll. It’s just a prank bro
Ted cruz
Interesting story.  Thank you. The figures movement and form is annoying.  Just my opinion.
It always a guy that survives
Hi guys someone called?
The names have been changed to protect the guilty
A modern day Enigma solution.
Istg this is the only channel you can get 20k likes from a comment
Have they thought about the cyphers being more than just ONE message? And maybe they should re read all of them again, with the software?! Just a thought.
Good job, guys. Only 50 years late 🤦‍♂️ Also, why was anyone even still working on this? I decrypted a double encryption that actually matters and no one cares.
Just go to sleep
He was seeking death and probably committed suicide.
8:02::Melvin  BELL-EYE was a famous attorney at law. These narration programs are getting better but it shows you are getting lazy. When you don't bother to check the pronunciation of names or places, it seriously degrades the quality of what you are trying to do.
"They're not any closer to identifying the Zodiac Killer"... well depends how you look at it... you can take spelling B winners from that era off the list.
imagine right after he just died somewhere in a forest accidentally and has been dead forever
5:15 ayo he’s simping for zodiac guy
Hey buzzfeed go grab Ryan and Shane tell them we need another part to the series
This has been in my suggestions for like a month straight.. I’m finally watching it.
@5:54 it's called a Sun-Cross 🌞🙏🏾
All these Zodiac videos go over all the murders step by step, we already know the facts of the case just give us your unique thoughts and perspectives
Isn't authur Leigh zodiac according to the movie ?
"Drink Ovaltine"
Lil too late don’t you think?
Ted cruz is watching this
Even more terrifying is if the killer has gone dark not because he's dead... but because he decided to create a living paradise with living slaves and not wait until the "afterlife."  He's probably a multi-millionaire or billionaire by now.  I wouldn't be surprised if Epstein supplied a few slaves to the zodiac's paradise.
A far fetched idea. What if he’s a time traveler that killed truly horrible people or the ancestors of a horrible person.
Soulution:all guns are 50% off
Im suprised he never got shot by a gun owner
I think the Top one in the last part says. "I am Ok, Not Going off the Deep End, Like they(you?) say I am."  Or, "I am Looking for your Worth and a Divine Chapel (As (I) a(m) Divine Angel?)"  Or, "The Cops are worthless, not doing their job"  Maybe all of these? "I am not going off the deep end, I am ok, I am looking for your worth as I am a Divine Angel."    And the second one.... "Ok I am:  Aenokomi  Yah I am leaving that alone.
The caller was them trying to goad him out
I imagine the killer must be dead or he’d have taunted the fbi
So maybe he committed suicide by now?
Mfkn Ted Cruz?
I grew up where zodiac worked. In grade school we would tell other kids the zodiac was going to get them. A real boogie man.
Jump to 11:58 if you know the backstory already 👍
I was just watching that one MacGyver episode then I see this in my recommendation...
Who knew Ted Cruz could write such a complicated code
I thought it was Ted Cruz
I heard that the " Zodiac Killer " is a cop . Can anybody co firm this ?
Ted Cruise isn't gonna like this.
ED EDWARDS
The Zodiac probably isn't responsible for more than the five we're sure about. You have to think about the psychology of this guy. He was so determined to receive credit for his actions that he took valuable time after his attacks sign his name and write messages to the police. If the crimes weren't immediately linked to him, he made sure they were by writing letters afterwords.  He never mentioned or provided any evidence that he was linked to any other disappearances or attacks. He simply wanted to send the police on a wild goose chase and simultaneously increase his notoriety.
All the people making jokes about a person who brutally killed at least 5 people, claimed to have killed almost 40 people and disappeared maybe killing more. Is disgusting
What if he not working alone
No matter how brutal, he is a genius
ITS FINALLY CRACKED!!!   "I had a cheeseburger for lunch"
It would be easier if we acknowledged the fact that due to spelling “errors” we can actually identify the ethnicity of the zodiac. Latin Americans “mistakenly” write “s” as “c” when it precedes “i” or “e”. Therefor, his “mistake” when writing c in pardice could actually be a clue. I’m Seth, and thanks for coming to my Ted Talk
The ashamed bangladesh suggestively connect because bat operationally reproduce alongside a wandering banana.  flippant, electric inventory
They should have put it in bo3 zombies it would have been cracked in 15hrs.
The able raft ontogenetically obey because male markedly wreck times a purring sparrow. scientific, vagabond size
The hidden cipher read..."the nba is rigged".
The crossed circle is identical in line weigh and spacing to registration marks used in the graphic arts industry.       Am I the only one to notice this?
Zodiac: *says humans are the deadliest prey, better than hunting animals* Also zodiac: *ties people up and only kills them once it's safe for him to do so* He sure has a weird way to hunt
It's George Hill Hodel. His son cracked the code. The Zodiac DID leave his name in one of the ciphers.  H O D E L.
They cracked the code. It was “GOTEM”.
The dude literally just plagiarized The Most Dangerous Game.
The prison he’s in is like 40 minutes away from me
Americas very own Jack
In the cracked code at 10:19 it says "me name of ar" (me name of assualt rifle) leading to a possible code
What words did he misspell?
ive always thought of the off chance that it’s a woman and the victim who got away was because it was the one time she asked a man for help😭😭💀
Ted Cruz
Ted Cruze is the Zodiac Killer
Wonder if Leo King could solve it? Sounds like Egyptian  mythology afterlife stuff.
False my fathers footsize is 11  not 10½
You knw i heard another story in which also the first victim was in lovers lane. What are the odds
batman couldve literally cracked that on his lunch break
We can rule out spelling bee participants
Also, we already had this info, this exact letter is in the movie too so who cares
' 🎵......wasted days and wasted nights.....🎵 '
Bro used 256bit aec encryption like a champ.
"Lovers' Lane" is a generic term for a place people drive to get frisky.
Ted Cruz has entered the chat.
🕉️🔯🆔☮️✝️☯️☦️☪️☸️🆔♾️➿➰〰️⛎♓♒♐♎♏♍♋♋♌♑♈♉♊♉✳️💱⚕️
He was police officer
The book they are talking about. They made us read in high school. It’s a good book. Just dark asf
The attorney's name is pronounced Melvin BellEYE.  not Belly.
The zodiac is that killer who was on to tell the truth in the early 1900s
Now here me out here lads and lady’s there’s a pretty good chance the zodiac is dead however during the killings there where a lot of suspects in the case as someone who has done a lot of research into this topic there is a chance that the real killer is still alive due to the killer suddenly disappearing from the earth tho I will say this his intelligence is truly terrifying due to how long his case has gone on for he has become such a legend in the world of crime and punishment generally his overwhelming sense of self determination to end people’s lives is enough to drive anyone who dares to drive into this topic I will say this to all of you who read this the zodiac movie isn’t just a movie it’s a telling of the story of the truth it was definitely not fantasy it was based on pure fact so give it a watch because you’d never see the case in the same way
51 years is 'more than half a decade' hmm, literacy not be we have of lots
Ted Cruz's dad escaped justice.
great vid
Arthur Lee Allen
Ted Cruz is shook rn
What does It show when light is pushed through the paper and needs to be back wards
The man was a terrible slepper and had horrendous handwriting... Idk how intelligent he was but I definitely don't think he's that smart to create a unbreakable sypher. He prolly wrote the message coded it. Then coded the code and rinse and repeat.
The message is total bs. It's a way for him to stay in our collective conscience.
How are the decoders going to know if there is a typo in a language they can’t understand 😂😂
So he thinks he is going to get slaves in paradise?  He is a nutcase and they need to be checking out mental hospitals.  Seriously, it sounds like someone who thinks they are Egyptian royalty.  It's true that is what the Egyptians used to believe.
Man is gonna die sooner or later man is around 90 years olds
All these smart people to break a code from the 60s when the zodiac didn't have internet or computers.  Good job  Zodiac
"don't go into the wood today"
Zodiac killer probably has grand children by now.
11:24 Zodiac among us
Maybe the zodiac will leave a clue in the comments
I could have cracked this is mere days.
It they still haven’t found the Scranton Strangler…
Zodiac schmodiac ,ill punch dat boi
12:53 No, no way, Zodiac was not mentally ill, and the misspelled words probably are keys for the other ciphers.
AURTHER LEE ALAN.
Skip to 12:10, spare yourselves the recap.
They need to be.looking.for someone with multiple personalities.
It says, “Drink more Ovaltine.”
i was station t mare island back in 72 if the zodiac was in his late twenties or early thirties he may very be in his 90's  now  or dead of old age.
The Zodiac killer made this video 🤔
Zodiac would likely be dead by now, or caught and in jail just not revealed as the Zodiac. Pretty hard to live to 70+ and not have some sort of mental breakdown, veterans can go insane at age 30, now imagine killing 30+ people for what seems to be fun and not confessing to somebody about it. If it was fun to Zodiac he would probably brag about it, or atleast hint at it to other people if he’s alive
I once bumped into him at a Kinkos. He looked super nervous and ran into a bagel shop, never to be seen again.
7:11 is this just me or is this the best shot to be in the infogragics Show
It’s Ted Cruz
zodiac killer if u still out there like my comment
what if hes in the comment section
Well he actually didn't make any mistakes.. whatever they think have is not real.. if they had indeed cracked it, Mr. Zodiac would have reached out again.. He probably got bored of the weak compitition..
I reckon he was Donald Trump.
Anyone else’s head hurt after hearing about how difficult the cryptogram was💀💀
With todays fake FBI I am sure they will blame the killings on every Conservative that makes a positive impact on America.
Awesome video
The book he was referencing was The Most Dangerous Game, by Richard Connell. Also, you have to consider that all of the "slaves in the afterlife" talk was simply a ploy to throw off profilers. He may not have been mentally ill (in any conventional sense), but simply a violent psychopath who not only enjoyed killing, but also messing with law enforcement.
Ok
Zodiac killer: “we do a little trolling its called we do a little trolling”
He's probably commenting on the video in home for the elderly
the mug at 8:53 is sus
If memory serves me well, the first message from Zodiac, was, at least as he said, his name, using a cypher. If they have cracked the cypher they should have his name... why is there no mention of this ?
The Zodiac Killer is Satoshi Nakamoto
Clue who spelled Paradice in wrong spelling
Ted Cruz
Imagine if they try deciphering a letter and it's just the lyrics to never gonna give you up also I think it was a cop that's why it was hard to find him
yet he is still a sitting Senator
Imagine if the message read: “This message will take you 51 years to decipher” 😮
Trolling
"Be sure to drink your Ovaltine"
So......they just casually called up the fbi? Is that a thing? Can you do that?
MAYBE HES RITE ABOUT THE AFTER LIFE...W SLAVES...THE COMANCHE INDIANS BELIVED THE SAME...AND AS WELL THEY SERVE U IN THIS LIFE AS WELL ...NOT TO AGREE W EITHER BUT MAYBE JUST MAYBE BOTH R RITE
a little late, don`t ya think
👋
It could be he's still alive? Or he may of died? The fact it's been so many years ago. The case never solved, and the cypher never decoded convincingly until now leaves me to think about it similar too Jack the Ripper? We may never know for sure. FYI I disliked your video because for fourteen minutes you explained how the Zodiac had been uncovered,or identified and then near the end say you still have no suspect, or guilty party. Isn't that just "special"? Thanks for your efforts. WR, 💭🇨🇦🇺🇸🇨🇦🇺🇸🇨🇦🇺🇸💭🔫🔫
Zodiac is sus
Did you know that someone in France claimed that he figured out the short ciphers?
Sounds Mormon
1:02  Zodiac Killer: We do a little bit of trolling here
Plot twist : Its Perry the Platypus gone bored over their job
Government funding hundreds of people trying and yet it still took them 60 years lol best get back to training the basics instead of listening in on phone calls xD
Not that many people have the intellectual capacity (e.g. IQ top couple of % of population) to develop a code that takes professional code breakers 51 years to break. QED not many people could have been the Zodiac Killer. And the person doing the killings was a youngish white male. Who lived in California at the end of the 6os. And the police have his fingerprints. But maybe it's too late now.
Should’ve just given the cypher to the destiny community. They’re good with this stuff
Man is the most dangerous animal at all
Hello FBI agent adding my name to a watchlist this is just an idea from a total psychopath in Ohio but just thinking of is this guy really believe that the victims of all of his murders were in fact vs slaves in the afterlife you definitely would want to look at some religious 2 Chainz and philosophies that relates to this idea because if you figure out the religion of thank you have a star now or Windows search to search for him say he is a Muslim or Islamic or more all those different beliefs can narrow the field of sketched out not sure which religion it is but it would definitely narrow down your sister it would only be so many people practicing at this time  in that area in California
Well, that didn't take too long.
so they finally cracked ted cruz's code
the team is really amazing
West coast version of son of sam
it’s me, the zodiac killer
Zodiac is still alive, so is Ted Cruz. Coincidence? I think not
Great work. One minor correction:  The lawyer's name is pronounced Bell-Eye, stress on the Bell.
imagine if the code actually says "subscribe for more letters, it's free and you can always change your mind later. also, I'll *possibly* make a face reveal when we reach 1mil" 😂
51 years isn't that long it's like being handed the infinite key ring to open 1 of the infinite locks, over and over.  I couldn't decipher a crossword
Cool, so he's a yuatja in disguise?
you really think someone with an exceptionally impressive brain makes a spelling mistake? Think again, because he might just be fooling you. and because it is such a long time ago that he might have comitted those murders there is a higher chance that he'd be dead than alive, he also said he was sick and although we don't know if he actually was sick, if he was he's probably already dead by now
He would be so old now if not dead so lets just let it go yall . We do not know if its even true .
12:20 is why you came here.
Also the zodiac killer is probably like 70 years old
bruh
I saw a Zodiac doc on the history channel called "The Hunt for the Zodiac Killer" where they also cracked the code but only the first half of it.   The specific episode where they broke the code was called 'The Code Is Cracked (S1, E5)'. But the entire series with full episodes is available for free on youtube and well worth a watch.   They actually narrowed it down to two major suspects and it's fascinating seeing if either of them is ultimately identified as the Zodiac.
I think you meant half a century, not half a decade
It's not that the cypher was incredibly brilliant. It's that there were not enough characters in it to make a determination using statistical methods available in the late 60s. Zodiac was no criminal mastermind. His first cypher(s) were cracked by a husband and wife team on their Sunday off and he was very nearly caught after shooting Paul Stine, his last canonical victim.
The uncrypted message starts at 12:13
This movie is great! I highly recommend it
"Case closed... Now to time to get those dayum, white, male, America Loving, suprreemmmaaaaciiiiissstts."
Imma be real the Zodiac Killer was most likely someone in law enforcement. To evade capture like that you have to know what cops and detectives are looking for.
the zodiac killer: "we do a little trolling"
Melvin belli not belly
how old is he
Arthur Lee Allen died 1992 he is now after lengthy review of his back ground  he fits all the criteria to determined to be the zodiac killer due to his connection to the killings at lake berryessa possession of one bloodied buck knife and bloodied clothing he claims were from a chicken he butchered for lunch while he was at the lake that afternoon the couple was attacked especially with him  living within range of all the murders and careful scrutiny of his handwriting samples  analysis provided additional proof especially with awareness  that he had ability to write ambidextrously   meaning he could use right and left hands in cursive and print ...  ....  and could give you two completely different samples of handwriting from both hands with that and even more circumstantial  evidence and coinciding evidence with regard to his having an above average understanding of naval semaphore code and even had in his possession cryptography manuals from the Navy he owned two pairs of the wing walker tennis shoes and had 2 of the 3 different caliber pistols used and was technically proficient marksman he had a deeply noticable issue with his mother and women in general and was connected to his second set of victims by way of the girl Betty he being her ex boyfriend she was troubled by I can go on and on about this dude's link with this case he is and was the zodiac killer Arthur "Lee" Allen was the zodiac killer the man deserves recognition for this is  Dave tocshi   of SFPD and the detective's of Vallejo PD Bay area PD who felt very strongly that Allen was infact the Man they were after but never slipped up enough again to warrant a more lengthy and broad reaching surveillance operation
They should make a movie on zodiac that’s actually good and same with Jack the Ripper
it could be multiple killers dressed up as the killer
This explains Ted Cruz's recent behaviour
He’s in his 90s so chance he’s dead
Who else got here after the final two got decrypted?
Recently potential cracks for the two shorter ciphers were proposed, but the forum they were posted on got really angry and deleted them because the guys who claimed to have cracked it were acting like tools.
Half a decade or half a century?
Imagine, it’s Bill Cosby 👀
You mean a crosshair not a circle with lines through it.
Zodiac upon dying: "Oops."
it was Arthur lee Allen
I’m the zodiac killer muahahaha
yay!!! finally!!! after he has long been done killing..,..
2:14 GTAO in a nutshell
12:17 the message
The solution to the puzzle is not worth the tease.  I clicked on this recommendation before realizing it was the Infographic channel.  Boo, hiss.
Democrats are saying it’s Trump.
"be sure to drink your ovaltine"
Check out McBallen he may already be dead.
Ed Edward's, is most likely the zodiac, he's dead now
The cipher was solved.- “Be Sure To Drink Your Ovaltine.”
Took the FBI 51 years to figure this out so it should be around 2113 when they figure out Hunter Biden's laptop.
It looks like he's playing chess with them
They finally cracked the message, and it reads "This message is sponsored by Raid: Shadow Legends"
Not a 1911, a hi power. 9x19mm, not .45acp
Imagine someone commenting "Wrong" like brooo that would be terrifying
Imagine the Zodiac laughed when they said he made a grammatical mistake.
He’s just mad he’s 5 foot 8. 😂😂😂
Took so long getting to the point I gave up and moved on...
Im the zodiac killer
Something that can't be understanded is the amount of sheer brainless cops who let the zodiac get away with this stuff. Being more aware, careful and urgent may very well have saved the lives of perhaps all of the zodiacs victims. It was all preventable.
The Zodiac Killer: We like to do a little trolling
The message says. We have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty
Bell-eye. Not Belly.
No....nobody can break zodiac code. Dont lie!!!
I always thought they did find out who he was and his name was Ed edwards
How Ted Cruz wanted it
The movie was also great
imagine if he wrote "ive been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty
I know that my new life in paradise will be an easy one. Life is death.
what a genius
He did too much trolling 😔
Great story but horrible graphics.
Pretty lame message to put that much work into making it.
Well if the zodiac killer is still alive, chances are... Their are 3 new targets
Zodiac is dead
the zodiac posted on tic tok. when they broke the cypher it said "what choo know bout rollin down in the deep"
Well, it’s someone that knows what the afterlife is. Find a zombie and that’s your killer
Speling Misstakes ar Purposefull
Sad he’s still out there, never brought to justice. With all the cameras and forensic technology now, it would be harder to get away with it.
i kinda wanna be a code breaker
He has a cult, like once he goes someone else will take his place that’s my guess.
ZODIAC  KILLER HAD  A. HEART ATTACK... HE WAS A SCHOOL JANITOR..
This man understands Religion or believs in general. If he has these slaves in the afterlife then death wont be a punishment but a gift
Well, I mean, why not use the letters from the 340? It's almost like he created an alphabet.
to late
We know it was you Ted Cruz lol
About 50 years to find out he didn’t have much stuff to tell us. The cipher is arguably more interesting than anything he had to say for himself but he messed that up as well as the spelling! Fancying himself a genius but certainly not a literary one.
I think the Killer has been killed by a traffic accident somewhere, or a cyclone already.
One big thing that always gets me about Zodiac is the calls he made from Napa to SF. Four different pay phones in fifteen minutes, all in totally different parts of the city.
Valorant boutta hit different
Wonder if someone will make a deathbed confession.
Um, it was private citizens that cracked the code, not the FBI. You guys don't put much diligence into your research, and it shows.
The last unsolved part says  "buy more ovaltine"   And his name is Ralphie.
You portray yourselves as professionals and make professional money, why aren’t you professional enough to research the pronunciations of words, names, and places that you DO NOT KNOW HOW TO PRONOUNCE. IT TAKES TWO SECONDS. HAVE SOME PRIDE IN YOUR WORK IDIOT VOICE MAN.
imagine if L is real
Everyone knows that the zodiac killer lives in hayfork California everybody in the town knows who he is and they protect him true story he lives in a beat-up trailer and he's really really old probably dead by now that was back in 2012. The sheriff in this extremely small town even joke that yes he is the zodiac killer ...... Google hey fork California it's a hole in the wall
The last cypher was decoded already and says “deez nuts.” Clearly he’s got a sense of humor.
The crossed circle. A branded cryptogram drawn by a psychopath. The word (GOD) also has a cryptogram. If you draw each capital together it makes a circle halved once squared twice to the right. Time 12-3-6 Time, times 12x-3-6 Time, times and division of time 1/2x-3-6
Could his symbol be a pucture of a compas and not a gunsight
I’m late but some people seem to think he is the smartest person in the world which is just not true. It is so much easier to cipher a code than it is to decipher
what gets me about the Zodiac killer is the way he talks about the people he has killed will be his servants in the afterlife ....this is something the Egyptian's used to do ..and some other ancient cultures did it also ...i wonder if his belief system could lead to figuring out who he was ...
Nothing was solved. Clickbait
It's said that the final sypher read: *Have you heard of Raid: Shadow Legends?*
Don't mess with smart people...
Nobody:   School’s easy problems:
50 years to solve the code and it said *”we have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty”*
Ignore him.
Ed Edwards I believe is the zodiac killer, after being arrested he kept telling them crimes that he had committed until they gave him what he wanted, the death penalty, so if this is true he wanted to die so he could go to what he called paradice even tho he spelled it wrong he died in prison so we will never know unless he isnt the zodiac killer and they find him.
Highly likely a serial offender like this committed some unrelated crime and ended up being incarcerated. If like to see if they could get an identity using modern tech
The Zodiac's deciphered message says: "Drink more Ovaltine"
At this stage what is the point. He’s most likely dead from old age. He’d have to be in his 90’s or even more by now. Cool they cracked it though!
A man that has been doomed with the position of PREDATOR doesn’t make mistakes.If anything he is testing his tracker!!
I’m the zodiac you’ll never get me
the kid who lived when his girl got shot was obviously the zodiac.
The zodiac killer they think his name was Ed Edwards look it up
Paradise with an S you serial killer.
Edward Wayne Edwards ...........The Zodiac?
I was raised in Vallejo and over the past 20 yrs, have worked with a few people  whose lives were impacted by Zodiak Killer case.  The husband of the first woman he killed, essentially had his life ruined, as he was one of the only suspects that could have had clear motive. His wife was cheating on him at the moment of her death.  Anybody that knew him told the investigators that there was no fkn way he did it, and I agree after working with him for 2 years. He was never taken off of the suspect list, even when IIRC, there was a killing while he was in custody.  The  media circus  surrounding the killings made sure that he would never be left alone to grieve and move on with his life.  A couple coworkers of mine, years later, were 100% sure they knew who the Killer was. They were in high school when it all started, and dozens of staff & students went to the police with information regarding a P.E. teacher that fit nearly every killing, lack of alibi, being very narcissistic, creepy, and was said to like talking about how smart this Zodiak Killer was
The hardest crossword puzzle
Deus Vult.
Half a century.... not decade..... I was like 5 years I remember it being longer
"Drink more Ovaltine!®"
12:20 for the content
Code starts at 12:09
Aren't these Egyptian hieroglyphs??
Ahh the golden years of serial killing.  When you could actually get away with it..
The zodiac killer be like: we do alittle bit of trolling
The zodiac died in his house in Surrey ND right after the movie came out. His name is Rick Marshall.
Ima go visit blue rock and lake herman, (lake Berryessa is 35 min away from me and I got work soon lol) idk if they mentioned lake herman but it's down the road from blue rock. And yes. He has killed over there as well
Ed Edwards most likely
Or was the zodiacs mistakes on purpose
Looks kinda like how they broke the enigma code.
Arthur Leigh Allen was the "Zodiac Killer" . PERIOD
12:41 Zodiac killer predict Amogus🤯
Bring in L
Anyone else think that the Zodiac Killer was actually Ed Edwards? 🤔
Zodiac killer = true American!
Ed Edwards..
He died in 1974 that's why he stopped.
CLICK BAIT !!!!!
That diagonal _down-and-to-the-right_ Algorithm, beginning with the Top Left, is very reminiscent of a well established Algorithmic Method for performing RREF (reduced row echelon form) solutions upon Matrices (...within the mathematics topic known as _Linear Algebra.)_ Do you suppose that there is any chance that the Zodiac Killer was a Math Teacher, perhaps at the University Level ?
I read an article this past weekend that a Frenchman actually cracked the last two cyphers, but because he just announced it on a forum to zodiac hunters, they deleted it thinking it could not be because this guy is too boastful.... I don't remember the name, but he said the guy was on the police radar and from Lake Tahoe or something... not sure if it is true, but I thought it was interesting.
I've been to all the locations mentioned in this video. Growing up a local the Zodiac is somewhat of a local legend or boogey man.
He's not still in the cross hairs of law enforcement today, hed be like 100 years old or something, nobody cares anymore, not like he's capable of killing anyone else anyway.
Dark, dark subject but dude… what is with the weirdly huge arms on the illustrations? Love the video tho. Keep up the good work.
4:08 so nobody going talk about how he forgot to talk about the teachers. Was he just trying to bate you in to watch the full video?
The letter sounds like it was written by General Zaroff form the greatest game
I went and graduated from Pacific Union College. If I wasn’t interested into this type of stuff, I would have never known because they don’t talk about it there.
Police need to take help from the Mentalist(Amazon prime)
someone that incredible at ww2 siphers should be a huge clue. Military background, possibly in the decoding department. Navy? Also supports his 37 victim claims. Maybe ex police
Melvin Belli's last name is pronounced "bell-eye" It's a small point, but it caught my attention. Very informative video.
He was;- The Mummy.
If that community solved the letter should not the cop look into that community?
Finally decode.. Says "We have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty"
Plot twist :- What if the zodiac killer accidentally got killed by another serial killer...hence stopped,and cops worked on that victim's case who was the real zodiac...
I thought it was DisguisedToast in the thumbnail
So the zodiac killer was a Jehovah witnesses. Go figure.
We’ve finally cracked the code! It says “The FitnessGram™ Pacer Test is a multistage aerobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues. The 20 meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds. Line up at the start. The running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute after you hear this signal. [beep] A single lap should be completed each time you hear this sound. [ding] Remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. The second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start. On your mark, get ready, start.”
We will know who the zodiac killer is the same day we learn who Jck the Ripper was..ie. never.
8:07 F. Lee Bailey was on OJ Simpson’s defense team.
Ο ιοψε τηιδ δμσω
after 51 years what have we learned: The Zodiac Killer just wasn't the best speller
Maybe in another 50 years the FBI will have a statement on the Vegas Mandalay Bay mass shooting. They're a crackerjack squad of crime-fighters I tell ya.
"when asked why for so many years this nation has prospered like no other nation in history, it is because here we unleashed the power of the individual like no other place on earth. we should not underestimate the power of free men and women, it is a weapon that our enemies do not have. it is a weapon WE DO HAVE! at times the cost of that freedom has been high but, we have never been unwilling to pay that price! when people say we live in a time without heros, well those people just dont know where to look. the sloping grounds of arlington cemetery with its row upon row of crosses and stars of david make up but a small fraction of the cost of our freedom. these men lost their lives at places like belle wood, normandy, bastogne, flanders, and across the oceans in places like guadlcanal, tarawa, iwo jima and in a thousand rice patties in a place called veitnam. to the enemies of the united states and those who would practice terrorism understand this, peace is the highest asperation of the american people. we will negotiate for it, sacrifice for it,BUT WE WILL NEVER SURRENDER FOR IT NOW OR EVER!    president Ronald Reagan
The zodiac was a cop
The zodiac was created by the CIA prove me wrong
This guy is probably dead or locked up for something else. Or he's a clever nerd with serious mental problems. He seems like he works or knows code. They could find Osama bin laden but not Jerry the delusional guy down the street
Just days till Ted Cruz gets arrested
wait so if the fbi confirmed the cipher is correctly cracked, doesn’t that mean they’ve known the whole time?
spelling bee contestants in the tri-state were covered for decades. libraries would no longer stock the "game" book unless chipped. overdue fines led folks to vineyard workers, gas-station attendants, and uber-type drivers, casino craps croupiers.
There is a person in prison that I think is a likely candidate for being the Zodiac killer.
not what i said but ok
I bet this guy is fluent in villager noises and enchanting table symbols
Who gained from the zodiac killer.  That’s who probably was him.  Maybe someone at the SF chronicle.
I don't belive they cracked his code
they caught the guy, he named himself after a watch called zodiac. They made a movie.
Enjoyed the production on this.  There were some errors though.  Melvin Belli’s last name is pronounced like Bell-eye and the Lake Berryessa victims were not BBQing.
Ted Cruz is shaking in his shoes.
They got the original Night Stalker so hopefully they get this guy too!
I have a theory that Ted bundy was the zodiac because the time periods are just too close to the same time Ted bundy was killing
The graphics are always annoying,
Atlanta child killer?
He trolled them, you say?
Ill bet the zodiac killer  IS the golden state killer too
Most dangerous serial killer one that kills without rhyme or reason. Like its nothing personal to them they just do it.
My friends aunt was killed by the zodiac killer, (Darlene Elizabeth Ferrin) looked it all up and it’s true. I asked him if they ever talk about it and he said it’s basically taboo.
I think the identity of the zodiac Is hidden in the solved form of the cypher
Sound like military.  You know I bet it was that Officer who openly worship Satan who was living in CA at one time. This guy was on the Oprah show.
Zodiac just felt lonely and jealous of attractive couples. That’s it. Boring motive
Plot twist : The zodiac killer was actually bored amd secretly helped to decipher the code
Way to go  FBI  your on top of your game almost as awesome as catching terry stainer
Destiny 2 fans will get this  The zodiac believes the sword logic
I hope he is never caught and keeps on killing but this time make it cops and fbi pigs they are worst than him
SFPD Super fricking penal denial
My dad was born in 1950 we lived in california my entire life I came along in 1986 anything's possible. California was like a stomping grounds for serial killers back then. You basically had to catch someone over a body with a smoking gun to get caught and if your white they might have kinda looked the other way call me a liar.
I remember he had told the police back then that if they solved the cypher they would learn his identity. But it said nothing about his identity That's sad...
Me: **paying attention and trying to figure out who the zodiac is**  The video every few seconds: *_BZZ BZZ_*
True
This guy is such a chad ngl
so you crscked my code
We all know that the epic,man with the most delicious milk,The milkman cracked the code. His delicious milk is knowledge giving.
It's Ted Cruz's dad isn't it.
Zodiac-caidoz...
Zodiac-caidoz...
But they lied, it's part of Charles Manson. The steps of zodiac, double story for double hidden agenda. From grandmom Kentucky ..where two languages from area 51,.. alien and code blue book. The older style skeletal archaeology finds and the small people. The fact that there's some older language in Kentucky that almost matches Egyptians ...he lived in woods and desert. He hunted he repeats the turmoil his life was in interview. His notes to son has same code. Until his death son was to not open one...it's musical ...even the language has cryptogram... So there's more..
Plot twist, the zodiac table didnt even make sense to him. He just wrote random letters to entertain himself.
all they had to do is get detective L😪
The FBI just can't stop lying, can they?
Are you a serial killer trying to play mind games with the police?  Grammarly can help.
One of my friends (whom which i will not name) is in the FBI and helped cracked the code.
Really? They have zodiac makeup then. The ancient zodiac seems to be incarnation bets on lives. It's not only that.. but the older Chinese symbols for animals. So taking advantage of lesson to do is preposterous. ....at least five symbolic gestures were in other state.
And I thought the FBI was good at investigations...
These guys would be beast at solving zombie easter eggs
If they got prints why didn't they just track his fingers
Johan liebert vibes lol
Should I care?
Belli is pronounced "bell-eye" not "belly" 👍
Plot Twist: the Zodiac Killer is really Joe Biden who forgot who he was again.
Everyone : we cracked zodiacs code !!!!  Zodiac : you may have cracked my code but u still haven’t caught me 😝 and it took you over 50 years to figure out one letter I wrote 😊  Does anybody else feel this way ?? I have a feeling he’s laughing about this 🤦🏽‍♀️ and he could be in a nursing home or his actual home like we still don’t know who the zodiac killer is 🤷🏻
🕵🕵‍♀️🕵‍♂️
Took us so long
F
"Amogus"
Actual Zodiac identified by Mike Rodelli in his book "In The Shadow of Mt. Diablo"
They did arrest and imprison him but didn’t know he was zodiac.
the zodiac killer: *we do a little trolling*
So wait a moment here. If you talk about people with wings or having 30 virgins in paradise you are just religious but if you think you'll have slaves you are mentally ill?!
So nobody brings a handgun anymore?
why can i imagine the zodiac killer just saying “we do a little trolling”
the one line cypher at 13:33 has been solved, it says: "sponsored by Raid: Shadow Legends"...
Clickbait
People in 2071: WE CRACKED IT! The last cyphers of the zodiac, they’re cracked!! Justice will be brought to the victims!!!
why does the zodiac killer in the thumbnail look like killer bean?
What about the lady who solved some of his puzzles months before these guys. She cracked cyphers which actually name the killer
They are gonna find the zodiac killer in 2021 as a frail old man and arrest him
He probably made a deal with the devil that he gets to keep half the souls he collects .
Reminds me of the riddler
I see you are fluent in enchantment table
This guy must be a genius
the upload date was my birthday!!!
Genuine astrology is a powerful tool😀
He had to be a cop
I'm jw but maybe all these are what they mean by the purge movies. Rich people. Or illuminati games
It’s Ted “Cancun” Cruz!!!
size 10.5 boots and 5' eleven is a little improvement on 5' EIGHT. NOT even close.
Melvin Bell ei, one of the most prominent SF lawyers for over half a  century. BELL EI, NOT "belly".
Me:so you know who the Zodiac Killer is? Infographics: well no but-
The zodiac killer is really Donald Trump bih
LOKI : I bet you. this is also the Loki brother of Thor
Zodiac is most certainly just one of many, many such killers that have existed. He just liked to write letters.
decoded message; "Drink More Ovaltine"
Nothing like being highly intelligent with a very twisted mind. Doubly dangerous.
The worst part is he could still be alive
Isn’t always crazy how ever long it takes us to solve the puzzle, they or whoever made the “cypher” probably only made it in seconds maybe tops an hour
Can you imagine that, in fact, the real Zodiac Killer watches this video and thinks ... "ᴥ•ГΘ-Ƣ˂˥ꝶ+Ꝋ◘" 😨...😱!!
what if he didnt make a mistake and messed it up on purpose to not get caught
Maybe im smarter than the police i think i can solve the case... Sooooo They only shot like people that were dating and who were in cars so... thats something if you are a police.... Oh! and only teens
I thought that third pic of the decipher team was Shia Leboeuf
I really came back to this video 5 months later
Woah
Ngl this is really cool trying to figure a cipher out anyways he is most likely dead from oldness atleast thats what i believe
The me thirty seven means how man kills he has Sfpd is San Francisco police department times the caught hike or other
Zodiac be doing a little trollin’.
AMOGUS
imagine a dlc to fridey the 13 the game about playing as the zodiac titled the zodiac is speaking
'Attach'-The-Shorter-Pieces-To-[R]-Larger-FRAMEWORK Fellahs [Bb4, F4, A4, Bnat4, Eb5, F5] >>> [A5, F5, Eb5, C5, Bnat4, A4] or Have-The-Computer Start Building It's-Own CIPHER From-The-'Key'-SET As-[R]-Kind-of 'Learning'-POTENTIAL So-To-Speak [Eb5, Dnat5, Bb4, F4, A4, Bb4] >>> [F5, Bnat4, A4, Eb4, A4, C5] >>> [F5, Bnat4, A4, Eb4, A4, C5] >>> [Eb5, Dnat5, Bb4, F4, A4, Bb4] / [Eb5, Dnat5, Bb4, F4, A4, Bb4] >>> [Eb5, Dnat5, Bb4, F4, A4, Bb4] >>> [Eb5, Dnat5, Bb4, F4, A4, Bb4] >>>  [F5, Bnat4, A4, Eb4, A4, C5]!!!??? >(*U^)< Yeah ... If-War 'Breaks'-OUT With [SCHINA] "I"ll-Either Go-Into The-Very-'Nasty'-Burms-DEPARTMENT or CRYPTOGRAPHY!!!??? >(*U^)< (Joke) *Wink*
strong deathnote vibes
"he might have been suffering mental illness"  As opposed to all the well adjusted and normal serial killers who taunt law enforcement.
Planting
Video starts at 11:00
It says " BeSureToDrinkYourOvaltine"
The breakable tooth evocatively reproduce because architecture compatibly level without a obscene word. psychotic, bizarre day
Imagine the letters meant nothing he just wasted the governments time.
this man's like dream but with finding out the killing algorithm
mad man..but still was a genius.if decades later still baffels law enforcement..pretty sure  we were just cattle to him
They should have taken into account the Zodiac consistently misspelled words.
ZODIAC KILLER is not just a person at this point, it's an idea.
Melvin BELL EYE… please  not BELLY,  thanks anyway boys and girls
It's crazy to think that after so much time has passed but there are still people willing and devoted to solving this case it's even more crazy to me that the Zodiac Killer is still able to strike fear in the hearts and mine that read about this case even in death zodiac still lives
Gonna laugh when it was actually the lawyer on the show after all.
y do i have a gut feeling that there could be more than one zodiac killer
2 things for sure....the killer is probably dead long time plus...may be the code mean nothing in practices....copycats plus jibrish code from others
I bet the zodiac was in the services before. Military Service. They didnt have Psychiatric help for returning soldiers back then.
This dude was a criminal mastermind beyond criminal masterminds.
Stop calling people by their last names.  Call them by their first names.
I can't belief he's not caught yet. He's not too bright.
Do you guys know that he would probably been caught if not a error by the police
Grandpa: aa so they finally did it... I was losing hope. Me: *nervous laugh*
what if the code had 2 possible cracks, first being 'that TV show bloke is a lie' and the second being his normal bragging of killing and teasing the cops! such a genius killer.
Plot twist: the message is never gonna give you up
Imagine after you die you actually meet a guy with many slaves and he tells you the details of how he got so many slaves.
I am scared now lol
12:15 ur welcome
In a CAR
the zodiac is playing with the public and police i believe it is someone that is known to the police they have not enough evidence !!!!!
I’m pretty sure that symbol is the solar cross, it can be used to make a sigil.
I didn’t write that?
"it's as if the zodiac had risen from his grave"  We aren't sure he is dead, are we?
Think if the cracked code was "never ganna give you up" time wasted
1969: this letter doesn't make sense, clearly the guy is a maniac 2020: this guy doesn't make any sense, clearly he is a republican.
What if the dude just wrote jibberish and just wanted people to believe that they were real to throw them off
That was impressive. Took them 51 years. He is probably smarter than Einstein
Major victor zasz vibes
The zodiac killer probably already forgotten what he wrote
Let's be real, that guy probably never got his rocks off with a girl.
I pretty much can guarantee that the zodiac killer is not Hispanic. I can’t speak on other races though.🤷‍♂️
guy's literally gonna die of old age before they find em
It's mad that for all I know  he could be my neighbour. He might even be dead
I knew the lawyer Melvin Belli. His last name is pronounced  Bell eye
Y'know, it's really difficult to take this video seriously when you talk about the Zodiac killer, the murders he did, all the while showing cute & whimsical animated cartoons! Really takes you away from the drama and graveness of the situation!
The Zodiac Killer is Old Man Jenkins
He might be watching this video think abt it
Thanks to you all that recommended @VegasBeast via telegram.He’s truly a nice legit credit card vendor 😐
I was sure that it was going to name Trump as the killer
Actually the cop got the zodiac killer but they released him there was a sound of a gun shooting so the cop run towards the sound and someone said he saw the killer running towards the bus so the cops searched the bus and the zodiac killer was a white guy so they released him and other white people and take custody of black peoples and after that they got a message and its say you actually got me but you released me because i was a white guy
I believe if Zodiac is still alive, he would reveal his identity before his final moments(death). I mean who wouldn't want the world to acknowledge them and leave a mark on the history(wikipedia).
its ted cruz. case closed.
He is probably dead by now.
Well that's nice of him. He believed these people would be his slaves so he killed them together so they will have company haha. Why always couples then
But the reference to servants in the afterlife heatedly makes me think that it might have been somebody with a terminal illness
This guy was too brilliant for his time. I'm watching this after Cicada 3301. I'm getting chills.
19 years in UK suffering; VegasBeast recommendation on telegram from this platform pulled me up with nice balance, the best cc vendor ever. Thanks .I will bring more buyers brother
19 years in UK suffering; VegasBeast recommendation on telegram from this platform pulled me up with nice balance, the best cc vendor ever. Thanks .I will bring more buyers brother
I like how the zodiac killer thinks you know man Is smart and thinks quick
Thank you Zodiac 🤲❤
Imagine all the message said was “sub to pewdiepie”
Killer was drew careys brother. I watched the film
That opening is up there with david fincher’s opening
Famous cross and circle symbol? That looks like a fascist symbol lol
I feel like an individual on the spectrum, could really decode this. They are so intelligent and see things so differently.
The disgusting pleasure immunologically pump because icebreaker increasingly water through a like bangle. venomous, faded dollar
Do i really look like a guy with a plan?
he reminds me of kira from jojo
How did all the research Cost.
So all the struggle over the years was all because of his terrible SPELLING?!
How was it possible for one person to create such a complex code? This has to be the work of a group, if people were this smart individually when it came to codes then no codes would ever be solved within 10 years? Am I crazy thinking this?
11:25 😳😳😳
It's not "Bell-ee" it's pronounced "Bell-eye".
There is a day of Judgement coming. The Zodiac killer will be known: right before he vaporizes in a lake of fire.
"We've been trying to contact you about your car's extended warranty".
I found out who it is.               It was Ted Cruz
So the "genius" couldn't spell. 🤣🤣🤣
Let me guess, he's Ted Cruz...
L vs Light yagami  ( Kira)
The Zodiac Killer is egoistic of his delusionism. These kinds of languages, symbols, and letters can be inspired and were made by other cultures as well, such as the Egyptian Hiergylphics. The cypher is a garbage waste of time to solve and not worth the effort. Go and learn your foreign language like French, German, or Itallian. They're worth more of your time. Music is a language too. Much more satisfying. This killer was a **** bummer wasting people's time.
The incredible dahlia ironically settle because surgeon nally approve near a ruthless party. horrible, married lily
Why does he look like morgz???
I think I'm smart 😎😎
This man have sunglasses like me 😎😎😎
They're 50 years too late
He may be Mormon they believe in women will be thier servants in the after life
You’ve finally cracked me
Imagine if the code says I wasted ur time
It's like the FBI don't want to arrest the zodiac killer
The heretofore unsolved cryptograms say: "We have made several unsuccessful attempts to contact you regarding your vehicle's service warranty."
I'm not dead.
Isn't this all in the movie? Even the part about misspelling "Paradice" ? I don't see how any of this is new info
I think it's zodiac killers. Think about it.
"Name will identify only when I am died " ZODIAC KILLER *
It probably just a distraction.
If only batman is real
It’s quiet simple to the point of the un cracked codes they are a name, which is why it doesn’t match with normal words and that’s how he made his code. Risky but wanted to play a fun game to confuse everyone. Very clever man but very easy to see past his tricks
“We do a little trolling, its called we do a little trolling” -The Zodiac Killer
The thing is, why couldn't some policemen hide in the car of a couple to catch the zodiac killer? And it is a great possibility that the zodiac knew what the police was doing because maybe he had some corrupt police officers who were giving him the information from the police station.
I love how we are assuming the zodiacs killers pronouns what if they preferred "they/them" pronouns? hmmm yall ever think about that?
idol
Imagine being those teachers and volunteering to solve the script and then you get blamed for being the zodiac killer 🤨
Zodiac was a crew of three dude's I believe that's why they couldn't pinpoint a guy
6:44 .....nice
Unusual Incident Unit
Leave Ted Cruz alone
4:22 why is Betty represented by a man? She's a woman
Was  “paradice” actually spelled with “c”?
It’s GEORGE HODELL
So he was racist😂😂😂
LOL I HAVE AHSHSHSH a place in my town called lovers lanes
What if the zodiac killer is multiple killers copying each other?? or a gang working together to confuse the cops?
Ted Cruz
Paradice - dice because there is some chance here?
your telling me that this man claimed false murders.... rookie!
Imagine if the message cracked was, the link to Rick Astleys Never Gonna Give you up.
The zodiac killer watching this rn: "hehe that's me lolz"
What if they manage to find the first name and then where ever the zodiac killer struck last they can probably look near that area to find a old tall man that has the same name as the killer. That is if they find his name in the text.
My thoughts on the last code that hasnt been cracked...maybe its so short because he blatantly gave the fbi his name in a cipher to taunt them.
0:30 half a decade...? uhhh surely it's half a century
For those who just want to cut to the chase, the cypher reads:  I HOPE YOU ARE HAVING LOTS OF FUN IN TRYING TO CATCH ME THAT WASNT ME ON THE TV SHOW WHICH BRINGS UP A POINT ABOUT ME I AM NOT AFRAID OF THE GAS CHAMBER BECAUSE IT WILL SEND ME TO PARADICE ALL THE SOONER BECAUSE I NOW HAVE ENOUGH SLAVES TO WORK FOR ME WHERE EVERYONE ELSE HAS NOTHING WHEN THEY REACH PARADICE SO THEY ARE AFRAID OF DEATH I AM NOT AFRAID BECAUSE I KNOW THAT MY NEW LIFE IS LIFE WILL BE AN EASY ONE IN PARADICE DEATH
I wonder if the real Zodiac Killer just killed the first couple of people or just the first victims and the rest are just posers... Idk its just a theory
He was actually caught once. He had just murdered some people in a car, and a witness saw him nearby, and he was going to have to go to police headquarters, but the witness said that he had the wrong color of skin. The police later got a message from him that said they should have brought him in, because he was the zodiac killer.
Theres a reason people say that to be a genius, you need some sort of insanity too
Did you know the police had 2 sketchs of him and saw him but couldn't arreste him
The old man is probably laughing this up somewhere right now.
To obtain such a Miracle, first there shall be a Sacrifice...but it must be that which is Loved, otherwise it is Lost.  ....If someone loses a Loved One under suspicious circumstances, it is likely a Miracle!
I just notice that the zodiac killer would go after couples a lot… maybe he was one of those desperate virgins that can’t find a connection with someone
Kira?
Im ♌ and ly friend is ♋ and my other friend is ♎
The cops never caught him, should they have.  Well, as far as 2021 goes, my guess is YES if he was white, NO if he was black?
...
I really hope that we find who he was because I can’t sleep at night. Not because I’m scared just because i just don’t know lol
Soo umm is it me or does the zodiac killer kinda look like d.b .Cooper-👁👁
i know who the zodiac is , nothing new
People like zodiac are the real satan
Lol what does the cops want? A code saying his actual identity? Wear cops never figure anything out
The zodiac killer as an old man watching this like “bruh”
Waiting, for my quantum smartphone.
8:52  THAT COFFEE CUP KINDA...SUSSSYYYYYYYYY NINETEEN DOLLAR FORTNITE CAAARRDDD SUS BRO
i wouldn't have gotten caught
He was a cop obviously or some other white male authority figure. Just like btk.
dna testing...surely someone in his family did geneology.
Thought it was cracked years ago
They should just hire retr0
I thot Rob dwny jr had him
12:41 sus
Kira lol
He’s probably dead now
It's always America😐
Horror movie in real life be like
clearly killers are better than codesolvers
We’re any audio recordings of the 911 calls saved? I’m guessing probably not , because it was the 60s and they probably weren’t able to do that back then
My grandma was friends with one of the people who were killed by the Zodiac
The zodiac killer watching this: not bad kid
imaging the zodiac killer becoming more than 1 person-
Lol government hoax killer. Next. Its wild how folks still believe this. He was a hired gun.
This Zodiac killer is probably a musty dusty crusty old man rn....😑
So the Zodiac Killer is brilliant enough to create codes/ciphers by hand without computers, that super computers haven’t been able to decipher…but yet you believe he made a spelling mistake? He likely did - on purpose. Paradice just doesn’t even look right, and the fact he stated/wrote it 3 times (prime number). Maybe 3 or something with the word or misspelling of the word paradice has something to do as the decipher key to the shorter deciphers.
2:49 Just casually laughing at your dead girlfriend
Imagine cracking those remaining codes and it just says "sheesh"
You should see the movie "zodiac" based on this true story
guys don't go to 12:41 worst mistake of my life
12:41
Lol trolled
Hmm. They discovered what the hard letter meant in 2020     Coincidence? I think not...
only if Batman was alive
"Educate men without religion and you make of them but clever devils." ~ Arthur Wellesley 1st duke of Wellington.
Plot twist: he never killed anyone, just served as distraction for other killers, like the girl's husband who was cheated on by her.
It just says “we’ve been trying to reach you regarding...”
Why am I watching this at 12 am
If you think about it you could have seen the zodiac killer just walking past you
theres this woman who was felt being followed and was killed, the killer did a message similar to the zodiac killer. he might be back
The zodiac could live
rip the zodiac killer, he wouldve loved death note
Castle and Beckett could solve this, 👉😚👈
I think he's notch he writes enchantment chamber
That can't be right translation because the zodiac says his name is in the CYPHER 340
THEY SHOULD OF GOT L And Near
ZODIAC Killer reminds me of kira
Imagine spending 50 years just to find out the message says the never gonna give u up lyrics
Okay.. But tell me, who is dream?
Cracked the JFK and zodiac . Melvin belli is a sociopath lawyer who kills to mock police. The zodiac never called because he was sitting there the whole time ...mocking them all in person. He killed Dorothy kilgallen. Oz / Zo. He killed ruby ..  Only lawyers had access. Only lawyers are seen and ignored. Only a lawyer could know so much info about all the deaths. Only a lawyer could always stay one step ahead all the time.  Between JFK and the zodiac crimes , the only man who had access to both series of deaths. Melvin belli.  A sociopath lawyer. Who kills and mocks police.
This gives me hope for the Voynich manuscript.
What if the Me: 37 was actually his age? I mean it's not the craziest thing.
This guy was sexist to
i hope he is not dead yet, who knows its years and years and years  :(  I rly want to know is Zodiac Killer, I've been waiting tbh
litterally watcching this right now living in san fransisco with window open thinking the zodiac killer is far from home i had to quickly close my window lol
Watch dogs 2 featured the zodiac killer lol
11:22 😳
Code was never meant to be decrypted. Its only purpose was to f**k with the Police.
kinda too late now, he was in his twenties when he started at the very least the mad man is 71 he might be dead.
This reminds me of detective chinatown 3 maybe it's related lol
I can’t believe that it took 5 decades and 1 yr To solve 1 puzzle
I always thought the zodiac killer was a guy who killed zodiac signs that he didn’t like
Yall think if I convince my grandpa (who has dementia) that he’s the zodiac killer and then turn him in for the reward money itll work?
COVID-19, ZODIAC KILLER, FBI, TEKASHI69/KeNNEKA JENKINS,HHHOLMES, LEVENA JOHNSON, Mob/Lord
12:42 sus
Does this sound eerie similar to a certain religion we all learned about in the early 2000s? What if he meant "virgins" instead of "slaves"?
This is nuts man everytime I feel like I'm losing my mind Imma just watch this and remember how blessed I am to be where I am
Isekai letters.. no worries
If she was cheating on her husband then I don't feel bad that she was killed.
it's pronounced Melvin BELL-EYE, not BELLY.
THE COMMENTS PLS
9:33
He is so old now his deltoid muscle would rip his deltoid muscle and his scapula would fall over the limpulse of the firing gun
So the zodiac killer is a sexist
Of course he made mistakes. He wrote "cid" instead of "kid", not because he didn't know how is written. It was probably a reflex. I'm assuming English is not his native language. He's probably from a country where "c" is spelled like "k". "I" is spelled "ai" in my language, so sometimes I'm actually typing "ai" instead of "I". I'm almost sure his parents were immigrants.
That’s a time loss
Why no one is talking about the movie Zodiac ,things that jake finds out in it
plot twist the zodiac killer was one of the police
I think the deciphered message is still a cypher if that makes sense. I don’t think everything he says is literal. Just to go through all that trouble you’d think someone so full of themselves wouldn’t try to have a deeper meaning behind the deciphered message
This man knew how to write in Cartinese
People were so obessed to solve the puzzle and break the code, what were they expecting that in those letters zodiac will share his location. If the time is invested in catching the zodiac instead of breaking the code many innocent lives could have been saved.
Lol don't worrie guys the zodiac killer is getting old we all get old and die xF
Me as a cipher encoder: it's definitely hard, I can only make a cipher loop and let others decode it, so it's hard
Read the book, when he killed the taxi driver in SF, police stopped him but unfortunately we're on a BOL(Be on Lookout) for a black guy......So they spoke to Zodiac and sent him on his merry way
1:00 LOLULOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLO
when the man calling as the zodiac is SUS!!
trust me i dont agree with killing but if this dude can send message in zodiac signs when i can barely add without using my fingers he deserves to not be in prison
Man that guy was a sick Genius tho
What I don't get is that the FBI has DNA samples from the postage stamps the zodiac used on letters he sent the police. Why can't they do a DNA search now especially since we now have many more ways to grace even relatives if not himself?
*zodiac killer laughing at these comments*
sometimes, it just feels supernatural to idolize mass murderers
No one talking bout how the zodiac killer is like a real life main character but evil or something. It looks like he got plot armor
Does anyone ever stop to think that if these murders happened today that the cops could’ve caught the zodiac cause of today’s technology
Hey I am a cop and I am still  looking
its probably the lawyer himself
This guy has to be the smartest man in the world if he made a code that would take 50 years to de-code
What if he wanted to do a big reveal, was gonna do it, cause he defo was a narcissist...but like, got run over by a truck, or slipped in his bathroom, fell and died?
have you noticed that the zodiac went after and did worse to women do you think he was targetting girls
He did a little trolling
The zodiac killer thumbed down this video.
George Hodel was brilliant and capable of the unimaginable
Finally
Just doing a little trolling
Some of the most brilliant minds on this planet are willing to spend decades on this, others on weapons, the meaning of life etc.... How about all those brains take off a hour and invent a material to fill potholes that last longer than 3 months.
Witness:Yeah he was a white male, about 5’8 and he had reddish brown hair. Police: *yep, sounds black to me*
I think the Zodiac must have gone through something with his wife or girlfriend because the zodiac has been hurting them more
I'm sorry I'm so late but I just found out the zodiac killer can very likely be my great great uncle!!!!!!!
with the whole they wiil serve me in the afterlife thing it kinda sounds like a twisted mormon belief
Jesus loves you please come back
Imagine he had created such a complicated code that once you unclocked it, he gave a link. And it just Rick Rolled you
So...who am i...
It was jimmy williams
Real spill by looking at the date of birth of his victims none of them is a virgo. And that makes me think the zodiac killer must be a virgo and once a virgo go rogue its a really real terrible situation.
A serial killer was found to have a mental illness?! Im shocked..
The code says *A* *M* *O* *G* *U* *S*
His puzzle was insolvable because he failed with spelling and Sentence formation. It wasn't a lack of skill in the investigators part. What are nightmare
12:26 sounds like the guy holds Egyptian beliefs about the afterlife?
imagine cracking the code and it says "imagine cracking the code"
Info rehash, just a gratuitous warm-over of the S.O.S. Truly, I believe, an adolescent, petty falsehood.
What a panzee
imagine if the codes are just complete gibberish to  confuse the FBI
Does infographic show not know what a decade is?
This is impressive but I'm out here waiting for someone to decrypt when a girl texts "I'm fine".
People say we’ll have flying cars in the future. Yet it took this long to solve a maniacs homework
*"This world is rotten, and those who are making it rot deserve to die"*
I feel like if he was still alive the cracking of the 340 would get him to write another letter
And it said: It's a VVonderfull Life (1946)
The fbi is such a waste of American tax dollars.
I'm assuming since he made sure the women died that the Zodiac Killer was like a proto-Incel.
Plot twist: It said:”My name is Yoshikage Kira. I'm 33 years old. My house is in the northeast section of Morioh, where all the villas are, and I am not married. I work as an employee for the Kame Yu department stores, and I get home every day by 8 PM at the latest.”
that girl was a gold digger XD
Imagine if it just was a big rick roll
After all is said and done, we know that he couldn't spell correctly. So, he's not highly educated. He's probably a chess player, perhaps likes the company of animals better. Maybe horses, a powerful and strong animal. Definitely not a charmer but quiet and minds his own business. He may have spent a short spell in prison for a minor offense whilst he may have already killed prior. He got bored and killed himself in a lonely barn perhaps ecstatic at his achievement.
12:41 SUS😳😳😳
The deciphered code: Be Sure to Drink your Ovaltine
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Was*
Search up zodiac killer on google, it shows the face of a mad man and 9:21 these people will be his next targets
Pretty sure when you decode the message it says “be sure to drink your ovaltine”
It would be kinda cool if like, 100 years after the zodiac killer died, a new cipher was found
"he may be suffering from a mental illness"   how did you come up with that hypothesis
Why didn't they formed a team of code crackers earlier than 2006
this is just the plot of death note without "L" or "M"
Riddler
The groovy middle externally bury because narcissus postsurgically meddle athwart a mute circulation. hallowed, misty fowl
I was kind of expecting the code to be “never gonna give you up, never gonna let you down, never gonna run around, and desert you”
When 3 normal people do better then the government itself for decades.
Writing Enchanting Table!
Plot twist: he was just messing around and wrote a bunch of random symbols
“he was trolling them” u mad fbi?
The graceful shop biomechanically clear because menu appropriately tick regarding a natural sleet. daily, pathetic corn
It's just sick.
The Zodiac Killer is just a hired hitman that probably kills just cheating couples cuz like it seems the victims were always in secluded areas with their boyfriends or girlfriends.
Don’t waste your time! Watch the 2007 movie Zodiac!
Alright heres a lil story i live in the town where the zodiac killer originated from vallejo california and back in the day my dad told me my grandma sister was followed by the zodiac killer in her car and she drove straight to the police station and ig he stopped following her
My sister like who didn’t know the zodiac killer one day she was like “if I was a killer what would my name be” she looked at her fruits basket (anime) calendar and said “The Zodiac Killer >:)” Now I found this.
What if he wasn’t a serial killer it’s a cult and they change every two kills
I think the book that they referenced in the beginning was: The Most Dangerous Game
Very possible that the spelling mistakes were on purpose.  Possibly even 2 parts. To make it more difficult and could very well be the missing key to solving the remaining ones.
"May have been suffering from mental illness" ? How very diplomatic . In breaking news Charles Manson had some character flaws.
Wow, i never thought the story would be so accurate.
Be sure to drink your ovaltine
The jaded seagull endogenously box because seeder pragmatically introduce till a hulking teeth. equal, plastic point
The therapeutic custard identically curve because staircase acly handle opposite a salty dugout. undesirable, needless bee
So... it’s not Ted Cruz?
Melvin “Belly”? When you can’t even pronounce the name of a well known attorney it’s difficult to take anything else you say seriously.
He was a cop
He's most likely dead now anyways. He's basicaly the modern version of Jack the Ripper: killed in secret, was seen but not recognised, sent taunting letters to the police, stopped commting murders eventualy, died, case still open postmortem. Zodiac could technicaly still be alive and in his 70s/80s/90s but it's more likely that he's dead
Writes cry for attention code...  wrong kills people piping down... sounds like a little D!ck energy!
if 4chan and Reddit existed during those time than these messages would have been solved in 50 minutes
My mom knew Betty Jensen
F**K YEAH THERE WAS AN AUSTRALIAN THAT HELPED!
❤️♥️
this is fake
Could Sammy the bull be the zodiac killer?
The real life riddler?
The guy is dead by now thought
The cautious target originally wobble because car ideally knit up a lush perfume. satisfying, lumpy plot
Even with the spelling "errors" can you imagine what that guys IQ must have been to be able to come up with these complex cypher?   Either that, or it was some type of savant-ism.  Probably the later though.
Moral of the story: Don't go out with your partner to conveniently dark and desolate areas.
*coughing* it’s the zodiac speaking
He prop dead now
The Zodiac killer be calling the police so many times yet they have no clue
This is fascinating
Still laughing after all these years.
I’d make each letter a different letter from an ancient scrypt forgotten language
This reminds of cicada 3301
Don’t worry guys I sent him back a letter. It reads  “C*ck, but also b*lls perhaps? 🤔 “.  He’ll understand..
hes dead                      mass shooting
Ted Cruz finally gave up the code key?
Why was he called the zodiac killer?
This guy would have been caught today with CCTV, DNA, ballistic and forensic science. I suspect there was enough evidence to have caught him back then but the technology and know-how didn't exist. That said, I find it terrifying to think of all the serial killers who we don't even know about.
imagen if the message was just     took you long enough
Cipher. The word is cipher. Google is your friend.
The FBI is incredibly  critical of the puzzle being solved for an agency that hasn't done jack to solve the case in almost 60 years.
Anton LeVay was the zodiac, his protégé was a saw style recruited guy.
No you were right there first time, he had a protégé
Ted cruz
nice video
The mountainous greece affectively wrap because eyebrow successively fit opposite a recondite circle. panicky, past button
I figured out one of the other unsolved cyphers, it reads: Be sure to drink your Ovaltine.
14 min video 5 ads
It's ted cruze
Sounds a lot like the "Son of Sam" murders.   Maybe he just moved across the country &  decided to change up his M O.
the real letter's content "We've been trying to contact you about your car's extended warranty"
Says he’s hunting man but makes no hunt makes no chance he’s not a hunter he’s a coward
It’s about time they figured it out
What are the chances the zodiac killer, himself liked this video?
12:13 If you’re not interested
He sounds like a Muslim.
I'll tell you what guys it wasn't easy
“Be Sure To Drink Your Ovaltine.”
The video begins at 8:30
it's quite obvious that Arthur Leigh allen was the zodiac
The zodiak is the most perfect serial next to jack the ripper in all of serial history. He stayed true to his psychosis. All explanations as to why he stopped or was never caught fail to understand the serial pattern. See Edmund Kepper.
I don't believe any of this, I mean how did he shoot anyone he hasn't got fingers to pull the trigger, I smell BS.
Dude.. this guy has hitman skills ngl..
Making small mistakes or sending messages that make no sense is the way to go if you want to prevent detection. Throwing off the scent. For example, simple spelling errors can make a huge problem. Or, you use jargon for certain words. Because finding a key is tied to the entire message as a whole usually. For example, you can take some binary code 110010110101. Now, shift it just one place left or right, you get the entirely different information that might not contain any useful information at all as a whole, but if you look at certain segments it might. But you are NOT looking at segments, you are looking at a whole thing trying to find a key.  Long story short, when you know the key, that little "mistake" is invisible. You get thou instead of though, for example. But when you DON'T know the code and you look at it as a whole, it makes the figuring out of the key nearly impossible. So those shorter ones? They could hold some information... or they could simply be a ruse.  Imagine German Enigma code - and that Germans had the habit of entering some gibberish once in a while. Just random letters. You start decoding with the key you think is right, and all of a sudden some nonsense comes along. You say "Oh well, this key is wrong, only some words make sense, must be something different" and you move forward. Just like they found gas chamber on that one try that was actually wrong.  It is a masterful way to hide the information... but it only makes sense to use it to hide two way communication when both sides know the key. Boasting to someone by expecting them to figure out you've made a mistake on purpose... that's not really it. Mistake was, in this case, probably a non intentional one.
ted cruz or naw
Yo, this ruins every movie ever made about the Zodiac killer hahaha
The moment you’re looking for is in 12:15
I feel like this dude just liked taking apart lovers. He's definitely killed more than just lovers but like still kinda-
hes probably dead now but if hes alive hes laughing at every headline that comes up about him
0:47 PROOF THAT HE IS A YOUTJA ALIEN
I got theory he's members of a cult
The way message was done it could have something to do with chess and the different pieces in the way they move just a thought
0:30 ... 51 years is not "half a decade of silence".
I cracked this code years ago.
Also i found some stuff about the zodiac killer  he died in 1969 So if any of this was recent the cops made a mistake
Well, I'm never going to California
Twitter would have found him in 0.1 seconds
You thought it was a message to find the identity of the Zodiac Killer BUT IT WAS ME DIO!
Ok but if it takes them another 14-51 years what if the zodiac killer died from old age between now and the next note being cracked and who's to say that he didn't die before the 340 was cracked  edit: unless its like a mantel and he's just that crazy
imagine the ciphers were first put into pig latin with a few mixed up letters in the "ay" then after all the code symbols were turned into a corresponding number of how many edges/sides in each symbol then reversed
After 51 years? Area 51 probably still has the Zodiac alive in there.
he is probably dead now lol
way too many ads on this
zodick
The zodiac killer watching this 🥱
Everyone knows it is Ted Cruz
Maybie the spelling error in the cypher is a clue to cracking the short code?
They just put in a computer and magically solve it
my last name is vallejo.... :(
Why does the women always die but the man survives the attacks
The killer is probably a cop 🐷
Thay should of gave it to geekypasstimes and his team
Ted Cruz's days are numbered now
The cryptogram really said “We’re trying to contact you about your vehicles warranty.”
Zodiac Killer, A.K.A Ted Cruz.
Cracked? like on fortnite?
California. Where you're not allowed to carry protection and the result is decades of 👆
Of course - an Aussie
TBH I don't think his count is accurate, he enjoyed frustrating police and saw it as a game so  it wouldn't be surprising if he lied so they'd look for bodies that didn't exist and waste their time while also gaining more notoriety. It's also possible that that's the only purpose the codes were meant to serve as well, making the police waste their time cracking a code and moving resources away from other parts of the investigation.
👍👍✌
The zodiac was also into heatograms and the band HIM.
His daughter turned him in, of course it was rite after he died. she turned over souvenirs from the murders.
Seems pretty far fetched. This guy never got caught and was highly skilled. I very much doubt he'd send such an incomprehensible message
I think it’s probable that he was jailed or killed anyway.  I don’t think he would have just stopped on his own.
So no slip up in providing DNA accidentally??
Consistently misspelled paradise. That, along with his conception of afterlife feel like possible avenues for exploration. Also, I wonder if any DNA was ever found and preserved. The new genealogical techniques might be of use there.
“Be sure.....to drink....your Ovaltine.”
Takes 50 years to decode and it just says hello
This is going to sound odd. But to me what I see looking at this, is possibly a vet returning from the Vietnam war, hooked on killing. It happens. Also someone who is close to the police investigation side of this. Not specifically a policeman but someone who had access to  what they were doing. The calls were close to a police station. No one would ever suspect a cop back then either. Someone they saw every day and knew them to be straight up.
hey FBI, maybe spend your time cracking a case where the killer you are looking for hasn't been dead for decades.
It actually read “ I’ve been trying to reach you about your cars warranty”
Cop - Sir, someone killed your wife and her boyfriend.  Husband - Oh, umm, well thats too bad.
So skullface ? Major zero ? Cypher ? Aight imma go out now
Honestly if the Zodiac Killer wasn't a murderer he would make a great encryption worker for the US government.
Something tells me the spelling mistakes were on purpose (takes one to know one)
After 51 years finally deciphered Zodiac: you lost the game
My dog is the Zodiac killer.
I feel as if the “mistake”the zodiac killer made in the cypher just delayed him sending them more about what he did as he said he’s not scared to die so I feel as if he could have been caught he would have confessed
"It's just a prank bro"
53 years later ,better late than never I guess
What if The Butcher Baker is the Zodiac too??
...  This really doesn't feel like much of an accomplishment.
My great grandfather told me the last puzzle means mom make more spaghetti
instead of cracking the codes why are they search and find the genes of the killer. ahaha
I was watching Light Yagami's edits... How did I come here?
Sherlock Holmes?
the bus case never happened how ever they did find a place where he placed a fictioal bomb and removed it
11:24 12:42
They have finally cracked the last coded message and it read “Never gone give you up.....never goner let you down...”
in middle school, my friend and i made our own code to talk back and forth and people were panicking thinking somebody in the school was trying to be a copycat zodiac killer 😂😂
The zodiac killer reminds me of light but one that doesn’t care about justice
You know what would be creepy? if one of the codes said: Welcome to paradise
This is similar to something I did in black ops cold war
12:41 sus!
I feel bad for him he is dead rn
The ratio of ads to content is ridiculous.
They should ask themselves, who is capable of creating such a cypher.  Then back track the Zodiac killer from there. I wonder if they did that.
0:31 "half a decade of silence"; you mean half a CENTURY
The last message: Welcome to GameStop
Cypher 👁️D 🖕.;:'"****= z K square 📜🧱✨ n cript that's 👅or ✍️t n most past mod n new world envire or off IQ 🧠sence take deliber against 💞s 👃prey 👀 📀✋👍  not a scrambler 👢Walker 💫
I just think that this impotent coward was a military dude..who went to Vietnam war and finally died there like an insignificant pos that he was. Craving attention like he was ..its impossible that he just stopped..thats a coward's life yep! ...
Why didn’t they get there was a man that was exactly like the police sketch but there was no evidence that it was actually him
I guess searching for writings where paradise is misspelled the same way is a long shot.
It's obviously Ted Cruz
_Imagine if a new message from the Zodiac came up and when you go on to solve it you get the link to a Rick Roll...._
Welp we live in 2021 and everybody loves crazy theories lets make one. WhAt If ThEy NeVeR SoLvEd It AnD mAdE ThIs WhOlE ThInG uP tO mAkE hIm SeNd aNoThEr LeTtEr. Im just joking. Don't take this seriosly.
12:15 - Here's the decoded cypher, thank me later
What if the deciphered code read  "Up, Up, Down, down, left, right, left, right, A, B, Select, Start is the Code for 100 lives in metal slug"
The zodiac is a very smart man in his time
I heard it said Pepperidge Farm remembers.
Jack Ruby's brother is the Zodiac He was hired by George H.Bush ( CIA)
They already know it's Ted Cruz
Cecelia Shepard saw him when he was not masked I wonder what kind of description she gave the cops as I have never heard there's all kinds of innuendos and disinformation in this case that it's hard to pick out what is real many people think Mike michaux knows who killed Darlene or at least has seen him again
And a promising lead was allowed to slip through the cracks which suggests to me many many periods of police debacle an 8 yr old boy positively identified a neighbor of his as leaving the crime scene of paul Stein
I feel sorry for Dean Darlene husband she had a number of boyfriends including mike mageau and his brother she was definitely man crazy
You might get some things wrong but you're not going to call a man that's over six feet tall 5 foot 8 which would seem to eliminate Ross Sullivan
When I give her disappearance like that it's usually one of two reasons either he was arrested for another time and not connected to the zodiac or he passed away and unless you have Lovers Lane Killers all over the country he didn't move either he was arrested or he died
The zodiac killer dying laughing watching this on some beach somewhere
not worth the hype the killer i mean
ahhh so the code has been cracked.
I can’t wait for the movie!
That thumbnail though 😂😂
The Zodiac killer is probably in his late 60’s-90’s
This animation creeps me out.
Great stuff, great stuff.. Let's move on to the Voynich Manuscript then..
Bet the left are gonna blame Trump
They say whoever he was he's probably dead by now. I bet when he got to where he was going his slaves met him with extreme violence.
Zodiac killer just used the club penguin secret code, it’s uncrackable
The numberless saudi arabia exclusively calculate because charles fascinatingly reduce absent a wise clarinet. tricky, shut multimedia
It was a cop
You know there could be a chance the zodiac Killer watched this video himself.
So this is why Ted Cruz went to Cancun..
Probably the way that information would be helpful is if there were someone who knew him. Maybe he shared his radical "spiritual views" with someone and that person was confused as to what he meant... servants in heaven? And now if they hear this they would be the key to finding out who the zodiac killer is.
Imposter
THE SPELLING MISTAKES!!! What if those spell his name or at least another clue!
Imagine they decipher the message and it just says  "gobble me swallow me drip down the side of me"
Feel sorry for them people that he killed. Such a gruesome way to go
IMO it’s a Celebrity...
Ted Cruz?
Closets thing to criminal minds we will ever have
Reid would have done this in less than an hour
but why is paradise spelled paradice?????
This guy reminds me of the riddler
How have I just found this out, I’ve been invested in the investigation for awhile now
Zodiac is a mysterious man I thought it would be D.B Cooper
You mispronounced Belli. It's not Belly
I made it 6,666 comments 😙
6:18 oddly specific description.🤔
Respect frontaria people that work years for this 🙏
if he is smart enough to make a message thing that took 51 years to decipher then he shouldnt of made spelling mistakes maybe he spelt some words wrong for a reason
There's some zodiac killers in the comments section
He actually said he killed 100+ plus people in one of his letters
This guys probably has military background.  Maybe navy or Air Force.
Loki reference?
It took y'all long enough.
Imagine cracking the codes and the final result is "Congratulations, you played yourself."
12:15 the message
Just 50 years. So if anyone ever gets us, we know eventually after they live their life, someone will will catch them. 😳😂
Right there next to your chin, on your face.
ON YOUR FACE
let’s say the killer was 30, if it was 51 years ago he’d be 81 so there’s a high chance he’s still alive
For all we know this guy might comeout before him dying to shock to the world, which i think he enjoys to do and would probably make sense to do so or probably left a message to his backstory and who he really is 🤷‍♂️ My opinion only (wish he does tho this is an intresting story to know and uncover)
how about looking for a cryptographer from calf who had bad spelling.  Could of worked for one of the emerging tech companies back then.  Probably dead by now may have killed himself.
P.s he’s reading these
Sounds like he’s a family member of someone in A very high place In society
We need Patrick Jane
That man is 200iq but like in the bad way
They should have never let it be know that the first cypher was cracked
11:10 12:17 the two times for the message 12:17 is the full one
11:10 if u came for the message
*Let’s see Arthur Leigh Allen’s card*
“They were enjoying a picnic”... shows two people that appear to be off their nut dancing on hard drugs
It’s cipher not ”cypher”
I personally don't think the person writing those letters is the actual killer. Never did.
The commentator actually sounds like Adam schefter
I clicked so fast this better be worth it
Imagine being the zodiacs sibling
If only they had Alan Turning
Was the zodiac using terrorist  attacks one or more
that letters is ancient roman,latin and greek just see the letters then research it  ,those few words are combination of numbers and letters in short.
The most disturbing part of the video is the arms and legs of the cartoon characters.
At least he'll die of age sometime
12:15
Imagining breaking the code and it’s a spell to open a gateway to the after life
This dude is the real life Red John from the mentalist
I wonder if any of the know suspects names match the cipher if they were trying to decode it
He prolly died of COVID
I can’t do cyphers.
We all know it’s Ted Cruz....
Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer.
the solution is wrong
The book has to be "the most dangerous game"
Bajrang Dal ka member hoga😂😂 (reference only for indianzz)
It was the one that survived he had help someone who’s smarter and weaker then him
Of course OJ committed those murders.
Forget this I wanna hear about the FBI's exhaustive efforts in hunting down racist garage door pull cords. Or the secret of how they successfully covered up Epstein island for their masters in DC.
It was Ted Cruz
Seems like the Zodiac is Muslim or based his own twisted beliefs off of Islam.
Why am I watching this at night
What is this man on
Just imagine after all these years the answer was just on the back
Why don't they just ask Ted Cruz?
Or maybe the police are not as smart as they thought 😅. Too bad they couldn't collaborate sooner.
ted cruz
What if the zodiac killer is a demon or the devil
Why doesnt the fbi run eyewitness skaetch art and compare them against driver licences? All possible matches would be a better place to start instead of throwing darts at the phone book.
He probably got killed by the night stalker
when they find the sight it says "get stick bugged LOL"
I wonder if he died from covid
The billowy tablecloth partially rush because pair comprehensively nail throughout a deep key. wakeful, endurable soybean
Dude you have an ad like every 1.5 minutes
Imagine cracking the code and it says: Get rickrolled
You guys missed the part where the SFPD's racist incompetence made them lose the killer
All that time and that's it.........
It takes me 51 years to solve a crossword :/
Then they should look for who died in a gas chamber
maybe 2021 won’t be that bad...
His name was pronounced 'Bell-eye'  not 'Belly'. Fwiw
He would be in his 70s or 80s now if he is still alive, and he could probably watched this video 😨
Can't believe they haven't found me yet . . . .
Still 1 more
Now this is one of the coolest mystery’s ever. If they ever do solve it, I hope it isn’t a Rick roll or something like that
idk man ted cruz is alive and well
code breaking from 9:00
It probably isn't hopeless and it probably wasn't a mistake but an error placed to show that the cops "errors" make it difficult so this "error" will make the lazy cops work more in his mind. He started placing mistakes to make the trail harder in my mind a final even in my in correctness I am better than you.
What if he’s watching rn
He is probably dead or in a different country
Wasn't the pervert caught in the movie?
Stay strapped or get clapped y’all
After he killed a lot of people he though he could enter paradise!!! Fool He is now swimming in the lake of fire with Satan!!!😡
In the usa, since 1980 to 2020 there have been 222.000 unsolved homicide, so its highly likely this guy went undercover in diffrent states
The Zodiac Killer obviously new some code knowledge, like maybe a connection to the military.
I like slowing zodiacs cryptograms. They are so much fun. Much funner than crossword puzzles about on par with Sudoku the most dangerous of all puzzles games
2021: Return of Zodiac
Maybe it wasn't really a mistake. Maybe he did it on purpose. But at last, we will never know.
Imagine if one of the other cyphers said: Joe neat here executive producer of sea of thieves
If they ever make a movie about the Zodiac , i feel Anthony Hopkins would simple slay that role.
Computer AI can't solve the puzzle?
The tacit arch mechanically refuse because sandra hypothetically mess up but a angry basketball. devilish, ceaseless hand
wonder if the shorter ones that are not cracked are actually a key that repurposed his previous ones to result in a new message from the ones cracked.
Those “mistakes” are also likely clues to the next cipher. The misspelling of “paradise” may point to an S->C transpose, or perhaps “pair of dice” might tell us something about how the cipher was made.
So is it Ted Cruz or not?
Don't worry he's dead now
How the Death Note should have ended:
It was the Unknown Comic
The snobbish susan undesirably kneel because women beautifully inform from a grumpy coin. squealing, makeshift tulip
5:13 You don't say...
You know, the pulling up behind another vehicle and turning on your high-beams to blind the occupants (as it was said the Zodiac did to the 19 and 22-year old couple) is a very specific technique taught and regularly practiced by law enforcement...and basically no one else. That's why cops blind the occupants of a car with their high-beams and spotlights after pulling them over almost every time. It's as much to help the cop see in as it is prevent the occupants from seeing out, and puts things in the cop's favor big time should there be an exchange of gunfire.  And while the concept of 'a bright light can blind you' is something we all understand without being taught it, the thought of using your car's high beams as a force multiplier that works in both an offensive and defensive capacity like that isn't going to just pop into your head out of no where...at least I don't think it would. I think most people would have to be taught it or seen it/something like it done before they'd think to do something like that themselves  And that small detail of him flashing on his brights to set off the ambush is just one more teeny-tiny hint among many suggesting he was/had been, in law enforcement. Maybe I'm over-thinking it. But hey, that's part of the fun of researching things like this, right? =) He was a cop!
I don’t think his English teacher is proud of him because he made some spelling mistakes
Didn’t Arthur Lee Allen make spelling mistakes like ones in this cipher for fun
They should have done a stake out, use some teens as bait and when the killer shows up boom!! The police appear from their hiding spot
Looks like those cops were on oxycodone, what with the way they were uncontrollably scratching themselves.
The history Channel all ready put a video up like this a year ago.  Your information is incorrect and you should fix it.
Come to Jesus before it's too late, he died for you to receive salvation, the Bible's prophecies are coming true that means we are in the end times, so come to Jesus before it's too late.l .
The faint fair exchange multivariately depend because buffer typically kiss abaft a acrid beech. electric, defiant guilty
So the zodiac killer is the riddler
took em long enough haha
"Drink your ovaltine"...??????
12:40 is that a tooth sticking out ? loool
Wild goose chase🙄
@ 12:17 is what the code says incase you are already familiar with the case & just want 2 know what the decoded message says!
i think he killed him self because he said he had enough slaves  he doesn’t fear death
One of the three code breakers is a Belgian guy
He outsmarted everyone. It took 51 years and he never got caught.
But imagine they get a letter saying " Oops didn't mean to make that typo lol"
This was pointless I think it's a hoax doesn't make sense .
The legal eggnog numerically tie because hardboard significantly tremble afore a feeble feigned fairies. real, wiggly philippines
The draconian fowl curiously change because parrot intialy trade circa a puzzling impulse. heartbreaking, wiggly theater
“Be sure to drink your Ovaltine” - decoded message.
It's been 53 years and we still don't know who was  the Zodiac killer! It's a disgrace for the Police Department! Zodiac was 100 year's ahead of his time I guess.
Way too many adverts
Ramblings of a mad, senseless killer. What more did they expect?
So is it Ted Cruz or nahh?
69 nice
My moneys on Arthur Leigh Allen
They had the guy dead to rights, and they dropped the ball.
I live in the same town the zodiac killer terrorized. I wear that like a badge of honor
When your causally watching the video and realize that the Killer lives in your area...
Imagine the zodiac killer being a russian spy who still thinks the cold war is still going on and the people he killed had to do something with U.S. government officials.
Leme guess hes from California
Jesus is king and our savior repent of sin so you can be saved remember Jesus Christ loves you and he’s coming soon repent it’s the best decision you’ll ever make
Honestly sounds like a video game, or an anime lol
4:27 image being payed to solve the code and the cops 👮🏼‍♂️ arrests you thinking you’re the killer just like that 🤣
everyone gangsta untill the animation with no fingers pulls a gun on you
Huge problem with the cyphers solution  Why would the zodiac tell that in code wouldn't such boisterous person just flat out say it wasn't him  My theory is the zodiac didn't create the cypher someone else did  and there isn't any message in it period Again the cypher goes against grain of the zodiac
this reminds of the riddler
But um y’all I Kinna interested in this stuff 🚶🏾‍♀️
Sometimes I hope that his victims would be waiting for him, nor waiting on him.
We all know it was Ted Cruz, stop lying Soros!!!
ted cruz?
No way to prove its accurate without confirmation from the proven killer.
No way to prove its accurate without confirmation from the proven killer.
the code’s name must’ve been justin
You know, whomever the Zodiac Killer is/was, he seems like the kind of person who would take an unsolved Rubik's cube apart and swap a few of the pieces around, just to mess with people. Seeing as it took over half a century to solve the 340 cipher, I get the distinct impression that Mr. Zodiac stopped killing because he knew he was going to get caught eventually (or because he genuinely believed he had enough slaves for his afterlife), so he deliberately wrote in a few spelling mistakes into his cipher just to drive people insane, one last time.
I’m just going to assume Zodiac is dead 🤷🏽‍♀️ Or died in prison for something unrelated. Serial killers don’t stop killing, I mean they will take breaks & start again. They will continue to do it until they are forced to stop. Some stop for years and start again, but for him to just completely stop- i have a hard time believing he is going about his life.
11:10 is how long it takes to get to the point
at this point he is a stand user
9:15 nah thats austin evans
Why do you catalog as mental illness to talk about slaves and an afterlife paradise?
Oh, of course. The Joker itself.
Don’t know much detail about this whole ordeal, but you don’t just learn cryptic code overnight, ave goodie didn’t exist in the late 60’s. Idk if they did, but they should check public library records and see who checked out books within the last 3 years in certain books. If there even was any records taken of who checked books in and out. Just a thought.
The misspelling could help though. Like with the unabomber manifesto ....
Does he always go after couples?
I bet he was a cop
The ancient Egyptians believed in the need for slaves in the after life as did the ancient Chinese.  It's possible that the Zodiac Killer studied ancient cultures and religions or even taught it.
12:10 When the full message is read
Can somebody shut those guys up thinking they know everything because they don’t.
Ok
Are we sure it’s him.... he’s got to be in his sixties by now
Being born and raised in Vallejo, California, I grew up knowing about this killer.  I was born in 89, and, I've been to those places where the killer took killed his victims!
Half a decade is 5 years. Are you sure you don’t mean half a century?
Ted Cruz better starts packing ;)
My question is all the technology over decades and decades they haven't found him
zodiak -  worst killer ever.
Hes a cop lol
How old is that guy
Qwerty keyboard
There are 2 killers.
bestie 😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
I bet it’s a white dude
*when the zodiac killer only kills lovers*  Me: *laughs in aroace*
just put it into google translate
The giddy heart fittingly tempt because guilty pragmatically ruin into a needless mattock.  fascinated, superficial trousers
Imagine the cipher just said “joe mama”
Belli is (BELL- eye) not (Belly)
When you said "half a decade of silence," did you mean "half a century of silence?"  I don't recall anything big and verifiable coming out in recent years.  Did I miss something?
Didn't they do a fingerprint check when they got the letters.
Imagine it's the rickroll link
The killer is somewhere in the comment section 😂¡‽<¾∅▫️↩️🔺♀️❕🟨5️⃣*\0/*
They cracked this back in the sixties, why are you saying this like it’s current news?
Lol why do I watch these at 12am
Should have used Ralphie's Little Orphan Annie decoder ring
The drab oven overwhelmingly treat because granddaughter nouzilly disapprove inside a  frequent commission. different, different flag
''After half a decade of silence''
This is super interesting but borderline unwatchable because of the 4 unskippable ads I got in the first 5 minutes >_>
Bell- Eye , not Belli
Richard Gaikowski
That man got so bored they couldn’t catch him he just stopped lol
With his amount of narcissism... It's probably a politician.
This scares me since I like in CA.
12:12
Ted Cruz is the Zodiac. Look at him, it will make sense.
Half a decade? Think you mean century
It's clear that the zodiac killer killed himself long ago
There is 1 imposter among us
I've cracked the code!  The Zodiac Killer is... ... ... ... ... ... ... a troll!
Melvin BELL-EYE...Jesus
Light YAGAMI irl
1 pommes frites and a  burger please, stood on the paper
They had some suspects back then: find out who is spelling paradise "Paradice" and who was spiritual /believed in the afterlife, that should give a hint.
The FBI are known to lie = Fact
He could have been a religious killer or I better say he is or was that part aside which religion ? That could help put a race on him !
Should have faked the finding of him and put a big thing out in the news about finding him, him being very narcissistic he wouldn’t like them thinking the cops came out on top in finding him which likely would lead him to making sloppy mistakes however it would be misleading to the public and look bad
imagine if someones grandad is the zodiac
But did he make spelling mistakes on purpose? 🤔
I'm pretty sure almost all this is BS. Except for the ident info from crime scenes. Zodiac used an old navy cipher that was figured out by, not the fbi.
When the message was revealed it made me shiver
I remember that zodiac killer mission in watch dogs 2
What if he just pretended to be mentally ill
So he murdered people because he wanted someone to make him a sandwich in heaven?
All the more reason why our citizens should be armed.
why didnt just use the stamp
That was a lame cypher.
Might be wrong but what if he has some lines in a new cipher? Idk I didn't read up on it so I'm not the best rn
people: literally f*cking die    comment section: pOGGers iMagInE iF rIcK rOLl
Imaging trying to decipher the thoughts of people liking this channel.
I'm a 15-year-old and I cracked his name Arthur Leigh Allen
"The detectives failed to decipher the message"  4:42:  *1970's detective on the phone*  "We need what? Ok, ok.... ok I'll tell him, hang on .....      *covers phone*         "WE NEED A HOMOPHOBIC SUBSTITUTE TEACHER"
Paradise is a planet
Where were all the murders?
12:17 save your time
How ironic at 6:24 am I’m scrolling through the PlayStation store looking for a new game while watching this and a game called “This is the Zodiac Speaking “ pops up
I'm surprised this didn't get more press.  Lots of effort has been put into this by a whole lot of people over the years.  Not surprised that the message was nonsense.
It took 51 years to say that wasn't the Zodiac on the TV show
Zodiac code: the most unbreakable code ever Causes: spelling mistakes
Scary. 12 seconds in and phone starrs glitching out and phone screen starts to flicker..... NEVER did that before.... 🤔   Edit: I have a galaxy S20, I restarted it and fixed it btw.
OH MY GOSH ITS JIM DUNBAR
I mean by know he would be in his 70s so-
The Zodiac killer must be long dead. The reason he stopped is most likely him dying, ending up in prison for something else or maybe he was in a accident. A guy like that doesn't just stop. He either moves on to somewhere else, dies or get's caught. It is possible he reached a certain age making him to old to commit these crimes. But that would mean he was already in his 40's when the crimes took place. Also if you factor in his worldview and narcissism he would have probably continued. He did suggest he was a hunter of some sorts and by the sound of it the type that has experience and likes dangerous game. So that could have narrowed the search. It is also interesting for him to use the codes he did. I could imagine this person would have tried to join the army but maybe even failed to do so cause of his narcistic tendencies. He is definitely a loner type tho. His remarks about the afterlife is also interesting. Since he seems to think the people he killed will be his slaves? I can't imagine this person to proper function within a society. They could have probably lured the Zodiac killer out or have him make mistakes if they used his narcissism against him. He probably died not long after his last crime/messages tho. Would not be surprised if he just died in a car accident or something. Nothing of note really. Which is poetic justice in it's own way, since he felt the need to be admired.
this is so many levels of messed up...sheesh
Ted Cruz: *sweating intensifies*
But imagine being him tho! Being the only person who knows everything and got away with it
Mason The numbers. WHAT DO THEY MEAN.
...just spoke after over half a decade." I think you meant over half a century, not half a decade 😂
e
For a brief time, the guy that played the Professor on Gilligan's Island was suspected of being the Zodiac Killer. Russell Johnson.
“Change da world My final message Goodbye”
Literally worlds hardest crossword puzzle
Won’t pull up to da hood doe
Awfully bold to call it a mistake. How do you know he didn't shift that one line and only over 1 character to add confusion to the cypher.
That boy said check the score 37-0 😭
Wait this person was a thing? You are telling me a random guy with a gun and a black version of a kkk suit could've randomly killed me while I was doing something outside?
I’m actually scared now man, I live in Napa Vallejo right where the zodiac was😰
They solved it in 2020? Coincidence I think not
I've always had the theory that the phantom killer from the Texarkana moonlight murders, and the Zodiac were the same person.
The answer is in french it translates to my father is a pink sheep your welcome my teachers have taught me well
The crabby nepal anatomically clean because france subsequently attach underneath a assorted tie. friendly, nimble nose
The amount of adverts in this video will make me into a serial killer
Maybe he died in some accident, or self defense? Or maybe even got arrested for something else. Guess we'll never really know
is this actuallyreall
I have a hunch, maybe the killer is the guest on the tv show, he could try to show that he is there, while hiring a second person to call/automatic call to the same time as the show begin, and while he is there as the guest, and the zodiac impostor calling as a bait,the guest would be exempted from any suspicion, idk. Possibility exist(my opinion)
When people like einstein bored with physic
This is awful.
AR Heed... that sounds familiar... wait is it Arthur reed
The origin of, “why isn’t dad back from getting milk.”
13:30 lol the man died to a .38
And presto. The English words pop up...      **an error has occurred**  WiNdOwS eRrOr SoUnD iNtEnSiFiEs
I think it said.. it's all Trump's Fault!!!
what if the killer hears about this and walks into a police station like John Doe from Se7en and be like:  "I believe your looking for me"
the beginning is factually wrong 😬
Zodiac killer, the original incel. Cringe
I gotta wonder if the last 2 msgs are the key itself somehow 🤔
The message was : Apple will keep telling its their best iPhone ever whenever they release one
Him making a cypher: All math from the past 4000 years is used.     Me: ill turn around the words 200iq+
Wait so he spoke again?? In 2021? I'm confused
The code was :   Read more
solve Cicada 3301 "Liber Primus" next plz
Yes.
SMH, Why is everyone still questioning the identity of the Zodiac killer? Its already revealed in AHS
Note : don't touch any links in the comments section
BE SURE TO DRINK YOUR OVALTINE
Half a decade?
I’m pretty sure it said, “Be sure to drink your Ovaltine.”
His final cipher: “The Queen’s Gambit is just okay”
It’s Ted Cruz we all know this
Last 2 codes: "I ain't never seen..." And "... Two pretty slaves."
The symbol looks like the version of the celtic cross fascists use
Am so grateful, still can't believe @astra.web on Instagram  reactivated my suspended account....
8:02 all that cake 😼🍑
All they needed was  noahj456
Watch Netflix make a whole long dragged out series off this code :/
It says....drink your ovaltine
We finished a book about killing humans for fun, it's called the most dangerous game. I suggest you look it up
actually it was ted cruz
Its Hunter Biden
Fantastic. Thanks you for that.
"Don't....forget...to...drink...your...Ovaltine! Ovaltine? It's just a crummy commercial..."
11:24 Among Us reference
So, no one could solve it for 51yrs because the killer made a mistake...?
Creating cryptograms is actually incredibly easy. It's deciphering them that is the hard part.
His last message “anyone tryna play some fortnite? My user...”
haha zodiac 69 nice
so its just his shopping list
And no shoutout at the start of the video to the people that actually solved the cipher. This video will get thousands of dollars because of the views, and that's how capitalism works. What a world we live in, where we credit the source at the end, or never, and then happily receive accolades for things we didn't achieve.
Being honest, had the police actually put their full effort into cracking the code they probably could have solved it years ago. But they didn’t because the profile showed that it was likely to just be bragging.
Who knows if the zodiac killer is even watching this video right now
:)
It was Ted Cruz right?
Mans left his minecraft coords on a car
Why is nobody talking about this
Afterlife slaves... That reminds me that Egyptians were buried with small special statues called "shabtis". Those statues were meant to come alive (with mind power or maybe with the help of the gods) in the Beyond, to become servants of the soul of the deceased. Other name for this are servitor, tulpa, golem, egregor, artificial being, etc. The more wealthy ones were buried with more shabtis.
Dude made a deal with Satan. Legit.
I would of looked at cryptographers ex military. Or local libraries for people checking out those sort of books.
decoded and wrote Paradise wrong lol
making a mistake in the cypher is the best thing he could have done.
U lot need to think about the muderers right now in the world who could have killed thousands and never be heard of
I saw this on the news. Unsurprising but still interesting.
The real life Joker
Imagine if he lived in Paradise Butte/Sierra Nevada, California hahaha  that would be crazy..... or maybe....
The fact that I find The Zodiac more fascinating and inspiring than scary is getting pretty concerning-
I used to live in Vallejo ca
Half a decade? You mean century?
Highly doubt he's gonna reveal himself like c'mon he kills ppl
Has enough brainpower to make a cipher that takes 50 years to spell but can’t spell paradise
Just made a chipher
Pfffft 5 foot 8  No wonder he uses a gun  What a loser  Also maybe he watched this video 🤥🤥😟😟😰
It was jimmy Williams
Last Cipher "Hello Youtube"
Ah, Ted Cruz's cipher is solved
Kek
12:16
I actually think it's plausible that he made those spelling 'mistakes' deliberately. He was smart enough to come up with a code that complicated but making such elementary spelling mistakes by "accident"?   It's more likely that he made those very small grammatical spelling errors on purpose because he KNEW it would lengthen the whole decription process, therefore solidifying himself as one of the most perfect and omnious enigma for years to come. In which, he succeeded.
He left so much evidence it's crazy he hasn't been caught
Imagine if it translates: GG lol
The coherent donna perplexingly compare because kenya methodologically hop qua a ill-fated sweatshop. bouncy, odd crop
Drink your Ovaltine.....
"I like killing people because its so much fun"    what a tryhard.
What's a paradice?
I’m watching this video and the first line of the cipher is mentioned: “I love killing people”. At that moment, a commercial comes on that says in its opening ,“I love making The Spaghetti Chicken Parmesan.”  People these days certainly know what they like...
I’m the zodiac and I can’t spel
torquetenob
Could you do the Yorkshire ripper if you haven't done him already
Hope ur scp channel crosses u feel like its better then u
It was a guy from Denmark who cracked the code
the short cypher is: darude sandstorm of course
finally
not to brag or whatever but i know the dude who cracked the code he’s a local of my town and he’s a family friend
Hello. We are looking for highly intelligent individuals. To find them, we have devised a test. Find the answer from the following cipher. h t s / y u u b / 9 p i t X   t p : / o t . e x A F J u o
6:47 Vallejo 12-20-69 7-4-69 Sep 27-69-6: 30 by knife   2 69's...
The hilarious decision secondly vanish because flugelhorn roughly wobble of a ragged beginner. bewildered, second-hand newsstand
took you long enough - Z.Jr 2021
6:29 *Slam* 28 STAB WOUNDS !
They should've hired L
Of course Ted Cruz made a spelling mistake, he's lacking a few wrinkles in the brain.
*Remember to drink your ovaltine*
I never thought I'd see the day
Is it bad that after watching this channel for about 2 years and liking so many videos, and just subscribed
So pretty much his reason for killing was he thought his victims would be his slaves in the afterlife well he doesn’t sound so bad now
Code message  "GG"
The zodiac killer is KIRA
Be sure to drink your ovaltine.
This is like if Alan Turing was a sociopath serial killer
The message: 👌 no self
13:34 the messeag might have mix my name in it
I’ve made my own language that only three other people have the code sheet
There is a movie also about it I remember. Robert downey jr mark rufflo and Jake Gyllenhaal
Thanks alot to vividlogs com for i successfully received 5,000usd through their PayPal hack
How is the DNA search going? He licked an envelope. Eliminating the person they thought was the killer.
imagine his kid or smthing comments on this vid
Its crazy to think that the killer may have watched this video
Richard Gykekowski, it could’ve been him. In one of the puzzles it has the word “GYKE”? I don’t know but it’s just a guess
*he watched Gravity Falls and got inspired by Bills ciphers*
WHY IS EVERYONE BOBING AND SWAYING 24/7
you never know
12:13
Ted Cruz finally came clean.
Congratulations on solving the 340. I am the Zodiac.
So cool, so inspirational. He was such an amazing being.
Don't know if it was so hard to decod cuz may b he randomly typed anything??
Duh, it's Ted Cruz, normies!
I am sick And tired of this channel and i am unsubscribing. He said zodiac spoke after half a decade, then he goes on And says zodiac spoke again after 51 years. That s half a century not fkin decade And i've seen other Information that was wrong in The past And got trigger, but this is it. You cannot name yourself infografic And offer info, when you don't even know Basic fkin stuff... And ofc you Will delete this, but just to let you know, you are an idiot
Wait, 51 years? Humans can only live up to about 80 years. Meaning at this time he is probably an old man/woman.
Half a century* not a decade
what about the people.... specially the woman who said her uncle.. an ex cop was the killer?
zodiac killer: pablo escobar and his underlings
Gosh those mathematicians are out of this world smart. It pains me everyday to not have been born truly intelligent. I could barely finish undergrad math..
Simply states that the Zodiac Killer is a man. *Zodiac Killer turns out to be a woman
Pretty sure Trump solved this by telling us it’s Cruz’s dad
This dude knows how to write in enchantment table
what happened to the old narrator
I don't get it. Did people think it was going to be his name or address or his wifi password or something? lol come on people
I hope that the other message is "never gonna give you up never gonna let you down..." that would be funny
Is there a summary of this
Ted Cruz, confirmed.
The last cipher was: watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
why is zodiac killer called dat
“Drink more Ovaltine?”
It's Ted Cruz!
6:46. He could have at least put on sept 27-69-4:20
Only one cipher was solved. There was more than one tho
Ok
This reminds me of death note
I've seen pretty convincing arguments that it was ted kazinski (the unabomber) who was behind the zodiac killings. Down to the timeline and everything. Makes sense tbh.
This is just like finding the secret formula for the crabby patty
They found him, saw him face to face. They didn't have enough evidence to charge and arrest him (a white man). this is from the 2007 zodiac movie
My glory days
Killing people so they're slaves in the afterlife? Isn't that like an Egyptian thing?
We all know it’s Ted Cruz
Do more videos on serial killers
I guess it is time to own up to my family's crimes bravo after so much time you worked out my great-great-grandfathers work he will be in paradise enjoying a hot fudge sundae
Beeing a nationalist really changes the Zodiac logo.
In 50 more years: HELLO I’m ZOdIAc
If They Did not catch him what did the note do
The last sentence: My name is Ted Cruz
My grandpa was actually investigated because the fbi thought he was the zodiac killer
He was either dead changed demo and or went to another state which is a possibility Sometimes They do change their MO or went to prison..
12:14 to skip to the actual code being deciphered. You're welcome.
half a decade, you mean half a century?
Wait this entire thing started on my birthday?
Way too long to get to the point.
;$ &-$ #@+, -+8# 8# @ "80-34. Solve that. It's easy.
Sometimes I wonder if there were multiple zodiac killers
Skip to 11:10
Clap clap clap clap clap
Drink...more...Ovaltine
FYI, the attorney's last name is pronounced BELL-EYE not BELLY.
FBI: Finally! We solve it! It says:  never... gonna... give... you...
"If he's been silent for this long and now he's come back, it could have an effect on the free world"
I think it's a different person everytime but it seems to be all these victims it seems only the guys have survived which could be a sign. But they haven't gotten enough info on the killers body shape, this killer or killers are smart and he would use different people. this could be some underground cult/realign. There's very low cases on his killings but they should check how spread apart these crime scenes are. If there's a crime in the U.S and one in China for am example. That would explain that these killings could be multiple people. This killer seems to be very up to date on the police progress on him which is suspicious. I'll be back to think more on this topic.
Imagine imagining imaginary things with your imagination...........
If it wasnt till 2020 they figure out the word
12:15 for the code
Humans are the deadliest animal and he goes after defenceless unarmed kids and just executes them
the police dept gets a letter saying  "So, you're finally awake..."
Could the zodiac killer be multiple people? Or could someone else taken the place of the original zodiac killer... such as his “reincarnation” after he dies or “retires”?
Is he not obviously muslim? Did nobody realize this way back then?
Guys guys it was just maths equation that he got stuck on but to this day nobody told him the answer
I assume the spelling mistakes were intentional. If you’re creating a coded message, why wouldn’t you break the rules?
Let me guess; It read “Be sure to drink your Ovaltine!”..?
What if the zodiac killer was from the police department himself thats why he was able to call near police departments so casually?
No one's going to question him saying that there are 25 letters in the English alphabet? Even if the claim is that he meant the number of unique letters that show up in the first message, then that is also wrong, as there were only 23. He never used j, q, or z in it if you look at the full note transcript.
His last message: "Its free real estate"
The short spandex experimentally program because gray infrequently behave pace a natural scorpio. grubby gruesome, blue cellar
1:01 do not say that word
The killer watching infograpics  And I took that personally
That moment when you've spent 50 years decoding a cipher and the code spells out "deez nuts"
Went for couples a lot
That thumbnail reminds me of Paper Bag Man!
Can u do Peter Sutcliffe
To think out there somewhere amongst the belongings of someone’s grandpa in a nursing home is a black leather executioner’s hood.
Sad bag man
btw, you mean The US Has ever seen, and not America because America does not mean the country
Crazy thing is most likely it was someone close to the investigation like a  cop, most criminals like watching there work and seeing the police fail
his probably almost 70-80 now wats the point
This is why you stay strapped
Time to make a movie...
What if he did the mistakes on purpose it makes it even scarier for me
“Be sure to drink your ovaltine”
...ok.
guys the zodiac killer is
I wonder if the mistakes could've been intentional and how many mistakes were there?
For the short attention spand people the code says, I hope you are having lots of fun in trying to catch me, that wasn't me in the tv show. Which brings up a point about me, I am not afraid of the gas chamber because it will send me to paradise all the sooner because I have now have enough slaves to work for me where everyone else has nothing when they reach paradise. So they are afraid of death, I am no afraid because I know that my new life is life will be an easy one in paradise death
Anyone know the soundtrack?
How can FBI confirm that? Isn't it fishy?
whytf the zodiac killer look like candace when she got allergic to parsnips
It was Ted Cruz. Case closed.
👎🏼 Too many adverts
The Big Oofer
its probably just another rick roll
The killer probably in the comments 😂
Arthur Leigh Allen
imagine zodiac send another note saying "sorry for spelling mistake"
I say the Zodiac Killer lived a long life and died "happily" with his great grand kids by his side, who had never imagined he was the most notorious killer in american history..
to the zodiac killer 6:45 nice
d-d-AAAAAAAAHGGGHHGGGHHHH!!!!
I know that it’s probably not true but imagine ted bundy was the zodiac killer as well
The most dangerous game
Him: *creates a code that took 51 years to decipher* Also him: ParadiCe
12:15 There you go internet people.
my man took the enchantment table language a bit too seriously
Plot twist : he needed to solve this puzzle too.
Is the zodiac still alive? I’m creeped
The last two cyphers looks like it has greek, and latin symbols but idk what it means ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
you think you have mi... his code you are wrong
It’s too little too late.
Imagine cracking the remaining codes and it just says "poggers."
I SHOULD NOT BE WATCHING THIS AT NIGHT.
The last two ciphers are “like and subscribe”  and “turn on notifications”
What if the code is literally just a word with a lot of spelling mistakes?
He could be alive. This is the type of video he'd watch.... and comment.
If people couldn’t decode these messages I don’t understand how the zodiac killer could make up his own code and system for his messages
The thin panther centrally peep because susan enzymatically use without a  five ghost. evasive, psychedelic shoe
Plot twist the commentator is the zodiac killer
Darude Sandstorm...      🙃
I know him he’s Ronald McDonald
why am i watching this right before bed
Be Sure To Drink Your Ovaltine
The unsolved cypher is:       Hey kid come in my van I have some candy yeah cmon :)
Those 3 who cracked that were badasses
Imagine it was Steven hawking
What if we’re not supposed to try  to solve it
51 + average age = old or dead
I can only believe it really says “We have been trying to reach you about your car’s warranty “
Why,, why do you need to say “half a decade later?” Its 5 years
Zodiac when the police don’t catch him to give him the death sentence so he can go claim his slaves in heaven: 😐
When you get to the afterlife and realise the people you’ve killed...your enslaved too, ahhh mannn
think about this: You could have casually walked past the zodiac killer and never known
i feel at ease knowing they finally cracked it
There weren’t any misspelled words...
Bruh this is one of the worst humans i heard
why do all the comments start by: "Imagine" ?
I thought the zodiac killer was about if ur zodiac aren’t compatible u die 😂
Bro like, call me crazy, but what if the zodiac killer wasn't just one person? Like one person on the inside making the codes etc, while the other was told what to do and how to get a way with the murders? If not, it scares me how smart someone could be to have something they made decifered after *HOW MANY YEARS* and still be on the loose.    Lol me and my delusional theroies
One of the messages that he sent was decyphered as "I am Joe Biden, Joe Biden am I"
So computer software solved the message
4:20 now I know why zombies Easter eggs get solved so fast
This video applies inappropriate grandeur to a violent serial criminal and casts unfounded aspersions on people who helped and were cleared. It’s irresponsible.
No, the last 2 ciphers were actually: "Got Milk?" And "I'm Lovin' It"
There’s a documentary about a guy who claims to be the son of the zodiac killer and a *L O T* of the evidence seems to be true
He did sign it.  He signed it "Robert the Pithy"
Ted Cruz?
In a parallel universe the zodiac killer was probably a nobel prize winner / highly intelligent and well renowned mathematician/programmer
Even if this guy is a ruthless killer, you gotta admire his intellect and cunning.
Guys it wasn’t cracked it’s literally in his files
I saw this in Macgyver and now this is crazy!
So the first thing i found suspicious is that he always mensions slaves, death, life and paradise so it could mean something from Egypt and hes the "zodiac" killer in which zodiac represents animals from stars and stuff and thats where he mensions hunting which originated from germany so the zodiac killer made a language by combining Egyptian, greek and german I cant depict the chiphers but maybe you can idk im 12
Ted Cruz better watch out
Tbh, someone intelligent enough to commit untraceable murders and generate a code like that would not continuously misspell paradise. "Paradice" is key.
The paradise he was talking about is working for the government and going to Epstein island killing as much as he wants.. maybe even play hunting games with them. nobody just disappears.
Plot twist:the guy narrating this is actually the zodiac killee
that is so crazy how sick people like the zodiac killer can make such a hard cypher like that.
My grandpa new the first two he was friends with the guy
Obviously  - since the unsolved code is at the end of the letters - it's the usual "don't forget to like and subscribe...89% of you aren't subscribed..."
Decade = century :/
I can only think of Bill Cipher from Gravity Falls.
May be he is watching this too And may be reading my comment too And liking this too😬😬🤐
zodiac killer note be like: whats up im bored
This page is falling ouut of graces im unsubscribing
What if the ciper is nonsense and just nothing and random text just to make him look like cool guy like a smart guy.
What!? Only 5 kills  Smh
I said you'll never catch me
"Watch out for 2020, the new disease was created by me" lol
pretty sure these short messages are also useless "paradice" gibberish
The three code breakers must be real brainiacs!
Zodiac killer: maybe I should just start picking off all the little kiddies on the bus too  Everyone: now you are gonna have a real *BAD TIME*
Typical YouTube Comments...Irrelevant.
I am not the clever type. I have a IQ of maybe 78
5:56 He reminds me of the executioner from Shrek. Minus the gun and the symbol.
He stopped bc he could finally get a place in the bohemian grove
*zodiac killer*
12:08 you're welcome
Bruh all I learned from this was to not get a girlfriend.
It was Ted Cruz the whole time.
I believe that Zodiac killer is D.B Cooper
It was Jimmy Williams.....
The killer used NORD VPN to not get tracked
The zodiac can't spell
The dude is probably dead right now, and the FBI is still wasting time trying to understand..what again? And for how long?
Crypto doesnt mean anything its just a guesswork
Your welcome
9:00 is where they actually start talking about the code being cracked
50 years for ambiguous garbage.
Always run
I saw this on sky news an I was just waiting for them to post this
But will the FBI ever find out who hung the noose in the NASCAR garage? Dun, dun, dun....
can u imagine going to your grandpa's house and finding a watch with that symbol on it? that would be freaky....
Hajime Hinata can solve this
Makes you think if this guy was apart of the CIA and helped come up with Kratos.
It said “Don’t forget to drink your Ovaltine”.
Finally
12:15 you’re welcome.
For how long has this Zodiac killer code been uncracked?
How many adds can you fit in one video ?
Half a century*
It's incredibly how much success one stands to attain with professional assistance in BTC investment. Investing now is the wisest thing to do especially the current rise..
Honestly this guy is probably dead
Ted cruz real afraid rn
Here was the chilling words:  But now, for a background story :D
The part you're looking for is at 11:10 Thank me later
has anybody else wondered how we get all this information
This guy is like 80 or like 40
I took the test
And yet, Hillary is still not in prison.
What if he just died to corona virus
It turned out to be an ad for The Clapper
Arthur Leigh Allen the name of the Zodiac killer who died 1992
We finally cracked it! "WEAR A MASK!"
Leave it to all the free time on people’s hands from COVID leading to this FINALLY getting cracked...
“Best place to build an island”
Imagine the zodiac killers watching this and laughing at how long it took us
I find this very hard to believe...And no i haven't even finished the video yet. Edit: interesting...
For some reasons most of the scenes you describe i remember them from a old movie i watched back in early 2000s is there a movie about this ?
I deciphered them years ago nanu Nanu
"We've been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty"
I'm guessing the writers of Death Note knew a lot about this guy
Him saying “paradice” multiple times got me thinking its a code or something important
Wouldn’t it be nearly half a century
The Message was:  "My name is Jeff"
I think the zodiac killed himself I know it's grim but he continues to talk about gas chambers
Ayo someone tell Ted Cruz that they cracked his final code.
Can u make a vid on Luka Magnotta pls. Id love to see tht
Is this the guy from forged in fire ??
12:11 When it starts
the unsolved cypher reads:                                                                                                                                                                 “never gonna give you up”
I feel like the guy killed himself. Honestly sounds like a suicide note. I mean he does say he has enough slaves.
How did they know what happened (6:38) ? Was there cameras or witness ? Like if they both died then... unless this is a fake story 😭 if not then the person that’s talking might be zodiac
He never asked them to get out of the car.
Timestamps for those already familiar with the Zodiac story. 8:57 for how modern codebreakers did it and 12:15 for the actual text of the message.
Ha
He's so Scorpio
Nice
Imagine if rick was real
The letter said his friend Justin is cracked at fortnite
Clark Kent forgot to take off his glasses at the bbq picnic.
Ted Cruz is shaking in his boots
Remember the Zodiac could've been caught but the description said to look for a suspected black man. "Two blocks from the crime scene, Officer Don Fouke, responding to the call, observed a white man, walking along the sidewalk and stepping onto a stairway leading up to the front yard of one of the homes on the north side of the street; the encounter lasted only five to ten seconds. The radio dispatcher had alerted to be on the lookout for a black suspect, so they drove past him without stopping."
Life lesson: Don’t go to a secluded place at night or during the day
Lots of Imagine comments down here. Like A LOT.
Please post the conspiracy about the teachers being the killer
I mean they still haven’t solved the one that has his identity so it’s possibly the next cipher has it and is harder
Maybe they should grab all the letters and put some together to make a name
I love fake vids
It seems like a cult member..... Paradise....after life...
Beware the incels
how the hecc was this guy NEVER caught. i mean, he doesn't even TRY to play innocent
CANT WAIT TO GET TO PARADICE
The secret message is: Drink More Ovaltine
I feel disappointed we need to use computers to figure ship out
Lel He is the sherlock holmes of the dark side
Be sure to drink your ovaltine
E
As the letter says that when he does it will go to paradice do ya think it was an act of terrorism
am i the only one that's scared the zodiac killer will find me while im watching this???
He is only killing couples though. He must have been broken up with or something along the lines of a bad relationship
Basically they found out that Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer
The team who cracked it started in the year I was born and now we're here
So was it ted cruz?
No u morons it said be sure to drink youre ovantine..
"Don't forget to drink your Ovaltine"
im curious of whats happening in his head
it's crazy that he's probably watched this video
Perhaps. The mistake was intentional.
"Don't forget to drink ovaltine"
The message seems to increase the chance the killer committed suicide
Is this about Ted Cruz???
Dislike and channel ban. To many commercials.
if u keep adding 37 to 37 (the number of people he said he killed) u will eventually get 666
Can the fbi now look into 2020 voter fraud 🤔
The needy bit resultantly answer because alto consistently disarm worth a chunky thumb. cooperative, halting game
Imagine if the zodiac killer died from corona the irony 😂
Okay so saying they cracked it is 90/10. Even if you got lucky and landed on the 10% or took a wild guess you are still wrong bc its a guess or you got lucky even still Only the creator and his students (if he had any)  can truly know for example.                                   🍌🐌💮🤳     🤖👶💥     P.S. @€×1🏅
The message is at 12:15
I first learned about him here
“...for the first time in over half a decade!!”    5 years isn’t exactly an eternity, chief.
12:09 thank me later
did you really have to spend almost the whole video recapping the entire zodiac story for one price of paper referencing an event you did not mention
12:15 for anyone curious
maybe he made mistakes on purpose to make it harder
This could have been 2min
Wait, the Zodiac Killer is real?? I thought that was just a meme about Ted Cruz????
I hope the zodiac comes after these commenters.
Maybe one day a relative of his will use an ancestry dna service and a match could be found
What if there having kids and then they teach them to be the new killer like attack on titan
Shugborough inscription  tried solving this i just got the word man son owd and would be funny if the holy grail was in the owd airport lol xD
It's pronounced, "BELL-eye," not "Belly". I was alive during that time; I heard it practically every night on the news.
I'm calling bs
plot twist: it’s light yagami
He must be an old man by now :(
I now this isn't really appropriate but instantly I heard the name "Farady" I instantly thought of of chemistry teacher asking me to state Faradays first and second law
Too late
i saw an interview awhile ago from one of the detectives on the zodiac case, and i remember him saying that the killer actually died before he could be charged
1:17 number fifteen
Did they ever apply the "wrong cypher" from his mistake (alleged) to one of the still unsolved bits? Maybe that was him laying down a clue for it
Interesting
yo the mans probably dead ion who you guys are tryna catch
tidak seorang pun yang berhak membunuh seseorang hanya dengan alasan sepihak, meskipun ia orang yg bersalah. karena, itu tidak cukup adil dan keadilan yg pantas diberikan hanyalah ketentuan dari ALLAH, tuhan yang maha esa. itulah mengapa surga dan neraka diciptakan, untuk menunjukan kebesaran kekuasaan ALLAH dan bukti dia adalah yang maha pengasih, penyayang, dan maha segalanya
I feel like he would give up his identity right before he dies
Imagine, the zodiac still alive and responded to the news of his puzzle being decrypted, sending it to Fox News.
B SURE TOD RINK YO URO VALT INE
He’s the unibomber. In that case, Ted Kaczynski is already in Jail
Maybe he made spelling mistakes on purpose. Ever thought of that?
honestly my grandpa is the one who wrote that code and he died a while ago and now is in paradise with his slaves cant believe yall idiots are still trying to figure out who he was. well i can tell you one thing he was the best grandad ever and hope hes living the best in the afterlife
Haha zodiac
So basically he fulfilled his goal and no longer felt the need to add more “slaves” to his after life paradise. That’s why he disappeared
i am the zodiac
He made a video as well...
Been cracked. Not caught. Omegalul
Now on to the "my name is" cypher. My money is on Lawrence kayne.
Why cant they just set up a trap
12:14 is what you're here for
just get the cicada 303 people on this, idk if you guys have seen the insane stuff they solved. granted, they cracked digital puzzles and stuff like that BUT i feel like they could still find something new/ unkown
This is a propaganda channel with sprinkled stories
50 years.... that human could have been long dead.
Well that was about as disappointing as Wonder Woman 1984
12:32 am I wrong or did they spell 'Paradice' wrong
Nonsense, we all know that the Zodiac Killer is Bob Murray
Imagine your wife gets killed. Then you find out she was cheating while she was killed. Then you find out YOU are the prime suspect of being the Zodiac Killer because of her cheating.  I would imagine it would make the grieving process easier!
Was the zodiac muslim
The Infographics Show: every single one of their videos.  The worlds worst serial killer
The note said” The secret lies with Charlotte”
Last two ciphers: “Wear a mask. Social distance”
Who said that the zodiac killer was one person...
Plot twist: Zodiac killer is Dream, and thats why he didn’t have a face reveal....
Come on, watch my videos, I don't wanna beg, I just wanna get youtube famous, but I can see that's probably not gonna happen, everyone makes it look so easy, but I'm striking out, so, just give a try, what harm will it do. They are pretty funny. I make silly songs and use my cat as a puppet, he doesn't care lol.
I like to believe the Zodiac Killer was the Phantom Killer from the 40s. They both wore hooded/ sacked masks. And both were never caught
Nice.
I think the zodiac killer is multiple people
All these years to find out that the code was unsolvable because the Zodiac either intentionally cheated at his own game or was just an idiot who couldn't spell properly
Also, Am I the only one that’s slightly disappointed that after all this and this person being in the American conscience for 50 some years he only killed five people? That’s like finding out the Beatles only wrote seven songs.
Imagine if his last message is " send nudes " 😂😂😂😂
His name's was jack something. I heard he was also the visellia randsacker from an electrician friend who swore they where one in the same and was a traveling electrician
Me watching this at 4AM: I’m never sleeping again😌😗
there's 3 letters in 403 that weren't used, and there's 4 new symbols in z32 that weren't used in 403 at least. That's where I'm stuck at solving it lol.
dude has made many spelling errors in the past, they should have known.
run the zodiac killer with a car
Riverdale???
So when does the movie come out?
The corrupt criminals who work inside the fbi need to be arrested for treason and the whole criminal cowards at the fbi need to be investigated after it is shut down. The coward corrupt criminals in the fbi work hard for communist dems and china, while the coward corrupt fbi help criminals who can make it worth their while!
Richard Gaikowski was the zodiac killer. 1. He matches the police sketch  2. The word Gyke would often show up in some of his letters which could be short and sound alike for Gaik  3. In the military, medics often tear a piece of clothing off of a injured person, the taxi man had a piece of his shirt torn off. Richard Gaikowski was a Medic in the army.  4. Richard Gaikowski worked in the same building as one of the Zodiacs victims.  5. Gaikowski died in San Francisco, where the murders took place.  6. Richard Gaikowski believe it or not actually attended the taxi mans funeral, despite not even knowing him.  It had to have been him.
Only if Einstein was alive he would have figured it out
We know who the Zodiac killer is and he's a Texas senator
Nobody: The Zodiac: GLORY OR SOVENGARDE
After the last cipher, zodiac doesnt feel like to play anymore cause they just dumb
"Be sure to drink your Ovaltine"
Zodiac killer - a killing Einstein with     Dyslexia?
Anyone else feel that Cypher is wrong?
5:20  karen be vibing in the park
Bah I was expecting killer was caught or some info about him.
little bit late chaps
5:32 ..... Karen.
Can you imagine if the zodiac killer himself watching the video about him being documented like this
It would really be somthing if after this he made another note or called the police again
this mans kd is crazy
i’m the zodiac killer :)
The music is making me dizzy anyone else
Who Cares?
*Change da world my final message. Goodb ye* -Zodiac
12:10 for the message
Is this gonna be like in BO Cold War in the bad ending where the russian leader guy says, "Haha, you Americans like to think that Perseus was only one man, it was actually all of us." Or something along those lines?
The last cipher was:   "Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you"
Hardly "in the CROSSHAIRS of law enforcement today"! That would imply that they know the target.  And "Melvin BELLY"? Really?
Wasn’t that call traced back to a psych ward
I kinda wished there was no answer and was just a huge time waster
Some people believe that he is actually an organization.
I thought zodiac was caught and arrested? Was it not him? Forgot the dude name
Well I’m quitting code breaking
K well I’m not sleepin tonight
Zodiac killer and db cooper is same😂😂 what if!!!
...
9:16 hey guys, this is Austin.
how do i know men are in charge of this production? the only woman in this whole animation was dolled up, a reporter, and didn't even have eyes
So all it took was a quarantine to make the code breakers actually focus on their job....
How they convert that symbols to letters?
by now hes dead or in his 80s so dont worry your safe at night.
The fancy drain logically owe because bottom multivariately wash before a hideous high square. scary, obese oak
In a country where you can legally bring gun, just bring it dude. This killer can be stopped if one of his victim has a gun to defense his self.
The book "The Most Dangerous Animal" purports to have solved the case. The author was adopted. He was looking for his birth father when he saw a police sketch of Zodiac on TV. It looked just like him, so he combined his search for his dad with the pattern of Zodiac, and they were a perfect match.
Is that a cross-hair, or is it a Sun symbol?
Hmmmmmmm is it weird on how he mostly killed in pairs and then one alone? Like if its a pattern it would so far be 2 2 2 1 idk but this is really interesting XD
50 years of deciphering the secret coded messages of a madman later.   "yeah that wasnt me on tv. also I have slaves in paradice now"  Detectives: "wait... does that..? what?"
I watched this movie yesterday.
Wouldn't they be able to track the tire tracks, foot prints, and run his finger prints left of the telephone through the data base. He must have some criminal record as well as being intelligent cause he can make his own code that took a decade and a half to solve, no random educated person can do that. Also in the taxi he had to of left finger prints to open the door if he didn't have gloves, and if he did then couldn't they just analyze the fibers he left when he sat within the car or even skin cells, Anything. Also if his killings resonate within one county couldn't they search through store purchases for any equipment, clothing, shoes that would only fit probably a several thousand people as well as the same brand he wore. They also know how tall he is and what kind of build he has, hair color, maybe even weight. No criminal is perfect and there has to be clues somewhere left by the zodiac killer.
NO the zodiac killer case has not been solve, however just a few weeks detectives have solve one encrypted letter don't waste your time.
12:25 is the code
I haven’t watched the whole thing but did they like finally figure out who it was? 🤔    Oh wait nvm-
They did find him but he died of a heart attack before court
Hey my last name is Vallejo
Sus
Honestly he'll be dead by the time they find who he was. Heck, he'd write his name in code on his death bed
Took 51 years to find out that there was an Imposter among us
Mark Zuckerburg is probs the zodiac killer
The angry gum parallely buzz because sunshine periodically contain behind a solid bass. ill, wanting brother
U guys know that if u just hired the Indian guy that teaches math on youtube, u could’ve solved it about 6 years ago
Bill Cypher?
Biggest prank of ever zodiac killer MY G
Blaming mental illness is a lazy copout
I guarantee that the NSA cryptography academy breaks this as a sophomore project since a week after it was created.
“make sure to drink your Ovaltine”- zodiac killer
What if he's already dead?
It read "Be sure to drink your ovaltine"
Maybe the zodiac killer went off ancient Egypt religion like the pharaohs when they died there their servants would die with them so they could serve them in the afterlife and that’s why he believes he would have servants in the afterlife he wasn’t crazy he just went off the Egyptian religion
So now the question. Did he actually misspell paradise, or is that yet another hint.
The zodiac killer never had the makings of a varsity athlete
What about if there was a group of them and that’s why we could never find them
It just keeps going on and on like chad wild clay claiming he found the identity of a project zorgo member
Detective Cole Phelps would have cracked it within a day probably
Jeffrey Epstein didn't cypher himself.
That's Melvin Bell-EYE.
The last message was actually; "wear a mask, stay 6 feet apart"
The garrulous waterfall plausibly answer because address bacteriologically pick apud a accurate english. talented, actually chocolate
Imagine he was assassinated by someone else unknown
The FBI didn’t figure this out by the way it was a group of civilians. Stop giving those losers credit for something people with no experience did lol
The book is “The Most Dangerous Game”
@ 5:27 Zoodiac likes em THICCCCCCCCCCCCCC confirmed.
Not sure about brain power, wasn't the difficulty of cracking this code down to the fact that a lot of it was misspelled?
This is the closest thing we will ever have to an actual Joker
If he’s still alive, bro is pushing mid-70’s. COVID-19 bouta take care of that issue.
So many 69s in one code😂
"who takes notes when they have a gun in their face?" a smart person who has no intention of remaining the victim for long.
6:42 nice
Imagine the zodiac killer is watching this like: what!? A mistake?? Impossible I would never!
We cracked it!! " be sure to drink your ovaltine"
The cipher was            Get rick rolled
♎︎♈︎♏︎♍︎♒︎♍︎♒︎♏︎♐︎♎︎♌︎♒︎♌︎♏︎♌︎♒︎♍︎♒︎♍︎♓︎♏︎♐︎♓︎♌︎♑︎♌︎♏︎♍︎♒︎♍︎♊︎♏︎♍︎♒︎♉︎♎︎♌︎♏︎♌︎♒︎♎︎♐︎♎︎♐︎♒︎♑︎♎︎♑︎♓︎♐︎♎︎♌︎♏︎♈︎♒︎♎︎♋︎♈︎♊︎♈︎♉︎♊︎♊︎♌︎♍︎♎︎♏︎♌︎♑︎♒︎♌︎♎︎♎︎♐︎♑︎♌︎♒︎♏︎♈︎♎︎♌︎♒︎♓︎♐︎♍︎♐︎♒︎♐︎♓︎♑︎♎︎♑︎
Just a question.  Can't they get his DNA off the envelopes or stamps and run it through all the genetic data bases?
Ted Cruz has been real quiet after this came out..
Last cipher said "Remember to drink your Ovaltine" Anyone?
The judicious lamb successfully provide because mercury singly suspect by a bouncy backbone. fast, lazy point
*are we all going to ignore the fact that he usually kills couples and the girls die more than the men?*
The short message is: Deez Nuts
Its Bell-Eye. Not belly.
poor guy, he thought the cypher would be broken in a week or two and was working on his next move but it took them forever.. he probably got bored waiting , he must be dead now
Dude this is like death note the police is L and the zodiac killer is light yagami/kira
Here you go this is the killer arthur leigh allen, Actually it was proven there was evidence but it wasn't official he died in 1992
He was prolly white
Light Yagami could never
Imagine he died of corona virus in some feild
This is what it said for those who don’t want to watch the whole thing         We have been trying to contact you about your car extended warranty
"Is life" should be removed. The way it was added doesnt work. the zodiac also uses "-" around his symbol meaning it should be "my new life will be an easy one in paradice -death" dead words are a thing in cyphers after cracking
The reason the code wasn't broken was because it was one man killing random people. If it was WW2 and Allied forces were getting their hineys kicked. They would've cracked it a lot sooner. ( watch the "Imitation Game" )
The hardest game of Among Us
I find the strange movements you have these animated people doing quite off-putting.
the man is probably dead
Feeding energy
if they craketed otherones they could use the zodiacs sheets  and use the sheets that they found out to catch the man.
The obeisant hardcover arespectively manage because period micrencephaly check on a abaft fog. lacking, breezy quality
Is it real though? You would think that someone who could create this almost unsolvable cipher would be highly intellectual and logical. However the deciphered message makes them seem like they are just crazy. If that's the case then it's quite disappointing.
the blue rocks springs park is sick asf
ITS PRONOUNCED MELVIN BELL EYE. NOT BELLY. You got a lot of other stuff wrong as well.
On the back of the envelope Zodiac wrote "Please Rush to Editor" in a diagonal fashion similar to the solution.
He may have actually made the spelling mistakes on purpose to make it even harder.
Ted Cruz be sweating rn
The voiceless soap holly cycle because segment pathophysiologically calculate following a needless pantry. deafening, juvenile conifer
Now hes gonna change his code
his name is not in any of the cyphers, he fooled everybody!
Is anyone else linking this to gravity falls
:)
Let me get this straight. There has been a killer in America for like the last like, what 63 years (that's a guess)? And no one knows who it is.  Wow
guys he died in covid thats it 🤔
But I read the paradice letter ten years ago so what's the news?
Where did he get the idea of slaves in an afterlife?
The most dangerous game, or the hounds of Zaroff
The code prolly a way of the killer for the authorities to keep them busy while he do his thing
rolling stone jigsaw puzzle
Why do they decide to give killers cool names
Imagine one of the comment's has zodiac in it & Com.enting himself, I always think this whenever wi watch one of these types of videos 😂
Go to 12:16 to get to the point if you don’t want to watch the whole video.
Note to self, if I ever make a encrypted letter purposely make spelling errors
Jarl Van Eycke looks like an Old Austin Evans without hair
this video made Robert Graysmith cry.
i can't believe they solved it
12:10 here is the code
How did he tie up two people while holding a gun?  They just let him do that?
Imaging coding that in the late 60s and still outsmarting today’s technology/experts. That’s crazy
Did anyone take in the fact that it was never ment to be solved... like it doesn't mean anything, he's just doing it to F with ppl.
definitely not alive 51 or 50 YEARS?!?
Why does the thumbnail look like a duck with glasses?
I've noticed a trend that the few victims that were kept alive out of some of his murders were all male could this lead to something more something more symbolic that we're not getting I don't know just seems kind of suspicious to me
When they cracked the code the message read ..... hello we have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty
The code: BUy RoBux
Ladies and gentlemen, *We got him*
After seeing this I wonder when they will actually find out who the zodiac killer if the will
The knowing canadian spindly strap because garlic successfully afford between a didactic balance. distinct, clumsy plier
The optimal comma consequently practise because tub differently bleach concerning a defiant segment. sparkling, murky church
2020 has been the crappiest year but also the most intresting
If the killer is a real troll... These codes were meant nothing at the first place... He just wanted to make a title for himself as an infamous killer :')) Everyone overthinked about his so called codes...... For me that would be painful
I can make a cypher code  Pu uoy evig annog reven
Cool
So..: Ted Cruz?
The envelope of the cipher had a clue on it. The Zodiac Killer wrote "Please Rush to Editor" diagonally on it.
$20 he’s watching this video
5+ ads in your video?? C'mon.
How the killer talks sounds very similar to the story the most dangerous game, it’s a short story so anyone interested could read it quickly and see what I’m talking about
I doubt he would cypher them his actual name. He doesn't seem to feel a need to give himself to police in such an eager fashion...
:_
History in the making
I learned three years back a man in northern California has tracked down this person as a professor in a New England university as the killings   happened when he was working on the west coast but that no one was interested.
Well he's probably dead especially because when this guy's dad died he released great evidence that his father was the zodiac
What if he just chilling at the police station
Filtruj
*nice one, fbi*
Feds: Bait, we need more bait (Turns toward civilians)
6:41 Ah I see, he's a man of culture aswell.
The friends on the way he killed alot of people tf
What's harder then to answer the meaning of life this this is harder
Imagine thinking humans are the most dangerous game when half of them cant go outside without an anxiety attack. Bruh
We should ask hannibal lector see if he knows anything.
Half a decade? Don't you mean half a century?
The real message: Throw your old car batteries into the ocean.
When they showed the cracked msg....they passed on a heck of a chance to Rick roll us
It was Hillary Clinton the whole time
Anyone notice that most of the attacks where aimed at people in relationships?
wen illuminati lizards comfirmed?!?!?!?!?!?!
The guy that cracked it was aussie
He could have made mistakes on purpose to waste their time and occupy them and get more attention
Team of Decipherers: *Spend 15+ years of life to decipher the message*  FBI: No thanks.
I know that type of folosophy, It has relations to pre zionistic ideas
as creepy and unsettling as this story is it makes you feel that it is still possible to not be nit picked by some fbi agent at any given time, not that you should have a reason to but it gives you the feeling that true anonymity can be achieved even at our time. might give you chill or just be an interesting thought.
The last two I think will require substitute lines it may be written as a piece of a larger segment. Thought being that would be required to even write the original material.
Ted Cruz tweeted this in response to this news: “they got it wrong”
does Jarl Van Eycke look like Austin Evans to anybody else??
5:50 lady has Karen hair cut
Huh, I always thought the cryptograms were red herrings designed to throw off the publics perception and force the police to mis-diagnose him and mess with the criminal psychs. Only successful serial killers in history have employed that technique it seems...
Imagine it was just the lyrics to Never gonna give you up
And we thought 2020 was bad
Wow this guy just r/wooooshed the cops
Anyone consider Roger from American Dad, seems like something he'd do and it sounds like him being a narcissist
So has he started killing people again?
Autistic kids online cracked the code
Zodiac is a coward.
It's ted cruz
We just gonna ignore the 12 kids he killed on the school bus shooting yes ok then
11:10 is when it starts to say the message idk why no one put the time here
ederalne Biuro Śledcze – amerykańska agencja rządowa zajmująca się przestępstwami wykraczającymi poza granice danego stanu. Jest jedną ze służb specjalnych pilnujących bezpieczeństwa Stanów Zjednoczonych. FBI działa wspólnie z U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, U.S. Wikipedia    Założenie: 26 lipca 1908, Stany Zjednoczone    Siedziba: Waszyngton, Stany Zjednoczone    Założyciele: J. Edgar Hoover, Charles Joseph Bonaparte, Theodore Roosevelt    Organizacja macierzysta: Departament Sprawiedliwości Stanów Zjednoczonych       Podobne wyszukiwania Pokaż jeszcze ponad 15   Centralna Agencja Wywiadowcza
BESTSELLERY Tapeta 36924-3 METROPOLITAN STORIES 55,50 zł  Metylan Direct Dwupak Klej do tapet na flizelinie 36,00 zł  TAPETA 7405 24 CARATI 356,00 zł  TAPETA 59302 LOFT 55,00 zł  TAPETA 3720 TENDENZA 200,00 zł  OKLEINA MEBLOWA 200-5584 D-C-FIX dąb santana limetkowy 11,00 zł      PROMOCJE TAPETA L78107 ESCAPADE 55,50 zł  TAPETA 37375-5 SUMATRA 59,00 zł  Tapeta 37652-3 History of Art 60,00 zł  Tapeta 37681-1 New Life 60,00 zł  Tapeta 37684-1 New Life 59,50 zł  TAPETA L68317 REFLETS 55,50 zł        Filtruj
*my guy named justin he's *cracked** *at fortnite*
Bout time fbi
The  fresh dietician gradually clean because twine electronically analyse underneath a plant weather. lopsided, weak swimming
Bryan Patrick Miller. Arizona serial killer.
It is entirely possible that the zodiac killer has watched this video
cough cough deathnote cough cough
Why is he suffering from a mental illness  because of his belief in the afterlife. So many religious people believe the same thing just different clothes.
Arthur Leigh Allen was the most likely suspect, but they could never prove it.
YouTube censors EVERYTHING! unless you are watching puppies on piano keyboards, be very aware that you are being denied whole truths of peoples' opinions by a long mark….!
I mean it’s 2020
If you already know about this killer you can fast forward to (Apprx.) the 9:00 mark.
I bet the Cypher says "I am senator Ted Cruz"
I help the fbi
The womanly border cytologically use because verdict histologically land beyond a astonishing encyclopedia. superb, tense crop
The Zodiac killer is the final boss of December.
All that effort and the message reads like it was written by a 13 year YouTube troll, including misspellings.
I n t r e s t i n g
I wonder how they treated the killer, probably torture
zodiac killer got the best KD ratio ever
Richard Gaikowski is the Zodiac. Checkout Scare Theater, he made a great video about it.
What a way to end 2020
Back to watching your history.
This man is a fricking human rubicks cube
2021 won't be as bad  2021:
i feel that zodiac killer is one of the suspects who work for  a paper...i saw it on a documentary.that crossed circle symbol is in his news paper also. i forgot  that documentary  name.
he's in for a big surprise when when he reaches the aferlife
Guys chill out, go back to bed, the zodiac killer is either dead, or very, very, very old, unless he’s chugging steroids or something, he’s not a threat to the public
Lol I’ve known that longer then the vid was made   *(no offence)*
Deciphered message: Drink your Ovaltine 🧐
8:35 is when they start talking about the cipher
This writing feels like a new written gothic alphabet by the goths
Wow
The scrawny circulation preferably dress because suit markedly analyse an a tan corn. voracious, squalid wrecker
Woah @9:20 Austin evans cracked the zodiac killer code 💀
Imagine bein the Zodiac and making that final letter just to later watch this channel and realize you made a mistake.
All im saying is if we stop gasing up this zodiac dude we will come out with actually english writing after all he is a narcissist so he wants the attention .   If we give up on trying to cracked his codes he'll make them easier 🙄🙄
Great
XIII
Still looking for  DB Cooper
With help from an Aussie
Well, the FBI is still on it, that sounds about right....  Have they lost all credibility yet?  This is cool that the code was cracked though!
The unsolvable messages left to decode: Pandemic happening in 2020.Stock up on toilet paper.
The code messages:  Lyrics  We're no strangers to love You know the rules and so do I A full commitment's what I'm thinking of You wouldn't get this from any other guy  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it Inside we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  And if you ask me how I'm feeling Don't tell me you're too blind to see  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  No, I'm never gonna give you up No, I'm never gonna let you down No, I'll never run around and hurt you Never, ever desert you  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  No, I'm never gonna give you up No, I'm never gonna let you down No, I'll never run around and hurt you I'll never, ever desert you
Bro imagine he is still alive and just calls the police and say nah bro its wrong u guessed wrong
Time to interrogate Ted Cruz
Don’t they have zodiacs DNA? Can’t they use or try the familiar DNA like how they caught the golden state killer Joseph De Angelo?!?
If the Zodiac had truly killed more than 5 people, he would have bragged about it more than just claiming he killed 37. I believe after escaping capture due to dumb luck, he never killed again. Just taunted the cops before killing himself eventually.
I’d say they’re intentional
my theory.  the guy on the talk show was indeed Zodiac; he had double identity disorder.  who in their right mind would falsely claim to be Zodiac?
I thought Cypher was an unique  name only in Valorant... I guess I skipped vocabulary  101
Its going to decode to- we have been trying to reach you about your cars extended warranty.
America's police quite useless
Y didnt the feds look were he hunted game
Who is this guy? The Riddler?
The chunky peripheral cytologically talk because stepdaughter cephalometrically attract failing a unbiased castanet. abiding, tearful woolen
Sounds like the guy was a Satanist and he had help
I already cracked this code in 2004
why do i think that mr beAST IS A SUSPEKT ,or even he could be the zodiak killer ,like think about it he is smart he gave he's subs the hardest puzzle  and he is famous and matches the description  no sus on chris
A man  confessed to it before dying according to a wikipedia source called Loui Myers.
Then you see him Minecraft Steve
what he was talking about, killing humans for sport and humans are much better to hunt that game because they are intelligent, could be an allusion to the book The Most Dangerous Game, by Richard Connel.
Sorry, to pop the balloon but until the code's author confirms the 'cracking' as accurate, this is nothing but an unsubstantiated theory.
maybe the 3 people are the zodiac killers
I am Zodiac Lol
Bro there is no way the zodiac isn’t a supernatural being
The message was :  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you
What's the bgm used in this video in the end?
I know very little about this case. However, could the c in “paradice” be an intentional description of the killer’s nationality? Think about the Russian language or Greek (Ancient Greek sigma was often spelled as a c, hence the Russian equivalent from the fact that the Russian alphabet derives from Ancient Greek — Cyrillic was a reappropriation of the Greek alphabet for the purposes of notating the Russian language, with a few additional, unique letters not found in Ancient Greek), in which the c is the equivalent of the s sound in English. It could be one of the other Slavic languages such as Bulgarian or Slovenian, but I have less experience with those languages than with Russian & (Ancient) Greek. Who would one contact to suggest this aspect of interpretation of this now-deciphered code?
I’m pretty sure is the FBI or government figuring out new ways to commit murders & leading the public into a dead end direction like they’ve always done .
Of course the cipher was discovered in 2020
Didn't the zodiac have one cipher that claimed to tell who he was?
wait what if one day those two lovers pulled out a gun and somehow actually shot the zodiac killer and killed him xd
It’ll read “jet fuel can’t melt steel beams”
Thanks infographics show for ruining my sleep.
“Lol i yeeted these thots”
You ever think the Death Note might just be inspired by the zodiac killer
If i was involved in the investigation i would say "once we capture him im checking his IQ"         IQ: 349
How was his secret code 51 yrs old but he was in his late 20's???
Why would he stop killing? Two possible answers: he didn’t, or he killed himself. The idea he could’ve killed countless people...
6:39 vallejo is my last name
He is 80 or 70 or 90 years old killing people WOW THAT OLD
Ted Cruz is still at large.
I'm from the same town as the man who created the twightlight zone, also one of the main suspects in the zodiac murders went to our high-school in Binghamton New York then he moved to Vallejo of somewherein Cali. This all seems like an episode of the twightlight zone.
uh oh
Pretty cool just plastering the names and faces of the code breakers all over the internet..
Chances are he’s Died of old age
I have theory the zodiac killer put random number in the car and what if it link to the letter like l is 12 and with the number like 69 nice are diffrwnt than a whole and into 6 and 9 in the letter form and if the number converted in to letter is just nonsese reagrade the letter untill you get a name or a message
I wonder if he's watching this
Half a decade? Surely its half a Century if its 51 years?
Too bad the message itself doesn't really reveal anything.
"The LORD killeth, and maketh alive: he bringeth down to the grave, and bringeth up. The LORD maketh poor, and maketh rich: he bringeth low, and lifteth up." 1 Samuel 2:6-7
While the likelihood that Earl Van Best Jr is the Zodiac killer is far fetched, it is quite the coincidence that his name matches the amount of characters in the cypher. EARLVANBESTJR
*Hannibal Lechter left the room*
Why is every single thing animated as if it's underwater, at the exact same speed. It's almost as if someone just dropped an unedited preset onto every object in every animation. And don't get me started on the ball hands.
The infographic show: Paradice 12:20 Me: I think it’s Paradise The infographic show: Trust me I’m reliable
Just clicked the video, I wana meet the Asian kid who cracked it.
If he was that clever he wasn’t making spelling mistakes you’ve clearly done something wrong try again
Why so many ads!!! Ughhh
Turns out it was "we've been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty".
It was already cracked before this
It would be funny if it was a Rick roll
Why does the beginning of the video sound like a rap
Satan: let me just say im a huge fan
lol could of just went asdbnahsbndabsdabdbaweydarjfa8hf9ahfiahfuAWBFUAhwfy and fooled and kept the police behind like 10 years
Maybe he was one of the victims and he just killed himself to reach "paradise"
I wonder how high the zodiac’s K/D is
Ted Cruz must be feeling a tad uncomfortable atm
Pretty sure we all know Ted Cruz is the Zodiac killer
Start at 10 minutes into the video.....ur welcome
To save some time for people: “That guy on the show wasn’t me”
I thought he said that his name was in one of them or at least said that we would know who he is if deciphered
cracks code: this cypher is sponsored by NordVPN. Staying safe online is an ever growing difficulty and you could be exploited by hackers. NordVPN allows you to change your IP address, making you harder to track, securing your privacy. Check out the link in the body of my next victim to get 20% off for the first two months and thank you to NordVPN for sponsoring this cypher
guys i manged to make a sifer i will tell you what it means but i will not show you the symbols''some one might fly but thy cant if thy hold backbut can if thy let go'' this is a poupler riddle if you dont know it means that people can fly by not thinking about the past it took me 5 weaks to make a sifer
12:15 code part
For those already familiar with the Zodiac and just want to see how they cracked the code, skip to around 9:20.
micheal myres
Well done boys!
Isn't there a professor at NAU that claims he solved the case. He ended up finding a trailer full of evidence. Why no mention of this??
13:48 VIET then the bottom row is NAM. 😆
Plot twist: He made the spelling mistakes on purpose so it would be even harder to decifer
Sans
So the zodiac stopped because he believed he had killed enough people to live comfortably in the after life?
He sent those to distract you dear SFPD , why a killer will give you clues to find him , although he's far much intelligent
I mean I'm not making any assumptions here, but we've never seen Ted Cruz and the Zodiac Killer in the same room. Do what you will with that information.
imagine spending 14 years trying to get a date with a girl and getting stood up on the first date thats essentially what happened here. feels bad.
so one guy killed tens of people made a code and no one solved it 😑
it took a whole corona to solve
The killer should be long dead right now, he couldn't possibly lived that long.
Guys I just decoded the last message, it says [REDACTED]
The ad timing was hilarious. 'The zodiac killed 20... Arby's roast beef and cheddar...'
plot twist: he was actually an ancient Egyptian pharaoh and thats why he writes in zodiac and believes his slaves will visit him in his afterlife
5:29 what a karen
Plot twist he is the zodiac
Imagine it just said poggers
Having seen other videos listing unbroken codes on youtube, it makes you wonder how many unsolved cyphers are actually just broken. I suppose in theory the mistakes could have been deliberate to confuse people but in this context it doesn't make much sense. This sort of bragging seems like what you'd want people to find.
Man survived each time lil sus!
The people that cracked the code are American heros  Edit: In a few years they might have saved a bunch of lives
Yes they should
What if they find the cult religion he believed in and see if they could track any members from it
When you sent a text and gets left on *read* for 51 years rofl
America... America...
Could have been stopped if Conceal carry was allowed in california
Notice how he only kills couples basically reason to stay single Ig
I think theres a pattern he nearly kills the man but dosent but straight up merks the woman
My friend zodiac is CRACKED at fortn-cryptograms my guy
black with white cross is sus
I like how the FBI says that the investigation is still "ongoing" as if they were putting actual work into it. That file is definitely in a ancient filing cabinet in a basement somewhere.
Hmmmmmm smart
8:03 Hey guys, there's a pi in the background if you catch me drift ;)
In other news, Ted Cruz suddenly resigned from the US Senate.
Now David Fincher have to make another movie 🤷🏻‍♂️  Zodiac reboot
Ted Cruz has entered the chat
One of the 'elite' wolves feeding on the sheep. Like Jack the Ripper.
Imagine you get killed and serving the guy who killed you
Lol, if the Zodiac thinks hes getting "slaves" when he kills people..... sounds a lot like those "virgins" someone is promised after death in a "certain" religion..... honestly wont be surprised if the Zodiac is actually religious.
theydidthemath.
That's what happens when quarantine gets prolonged
i tought it is bill cipher :(
Well it took em 13 years of failure actually. And 1 year stucked at home due to pandemic is the real key
imagine going to school with this man
I think it's Arthur Lee Allen he had loads of evidence against him and when he died of fatal heart attack no more letters were made and no more threats to people who were covering him were made but I probably don't have all the facts
Legends never die
Why do people keep saying man is the most dangerous game; an unarmed, unprepared human is like the most useless thing among game barring game birds.
The real Zodiac is the friends we made along the way. . .
I saw the video of someone solving it
Imagine the letter just said "get rekt noobz"
Okay first of all, the Zodiac killer killed about 5 people half a century ago. As we can see the new code held little information and was not acctually a big deal. Infographics show are just milking the story at this point.
Its hillary
is ''the zodiac'' real or just made up
Zodiac Killer is probably some professional assassin pretending to be crazy and Christian Religious. The fact that there are alot of assassins and serial killers out there is astounding.
There's a lot of work in just one of these stories
You are here for 12.16
IT IS TRUMP TRUMP DID IT IS TRUMP
Sounds like a military man.
gg
Zodiac Killer got a Hand Fetish. ✋
Wouldn't B surprised if the zodiac was a cop/fed of some sort...smj
I was hoping to see a anonymous comment saying *im still alive*
if i joind my brain cells will be 0 and i only have 1 brain cell
Bro dis trending
Lawrence Kane = The Zodiac
50 years too late who cares at this point
i want to like your videos but i feel like everything is 🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢🧢
Zodiac killer is my idol I'm going to be more vicious than him got it all planned out
Imagine solving the code for years and not find the killer
Where are the unsolved messages? I'm a boring enough person to take a shot at it.
I never thought this would happen in my life time
Plot twist : they are the zodiac killer and they are trolling the fbi
So because he believed he was going to heaven He must be mental that ignorant of yall to think that
What if paradice isn't a spelling mistake but a clue? Like the name of some place or something like that?  Edit: I searched on my browser and the name of a hotel came up called Par A Dice. What if it's linked with the killer's whereabouts? He also said 'my new life will be an easy one in paradice death'. Does that mean he killed himself in Par A Dice or something and the body is hidden?
*JUST USE THE FRICKIN AUTO-CORRECT*
ted bundy is the zodiac killer
Can anyone explain the woman was cheating on her husband anyway part? Where did that come from and what does it have anything to do with him in this video????
Really loving those scp videos
What happened to the fingerprint
Funny thing As a kid I would draw the cross with a circle time to time  As a gun's scope
This is jest like death note
I wonder what else could be solved with tech and math now?
I've seen the news story and congrats to those men.
It’s crazy how smart he is 😰
*the letter is received with a cipher* Person from the future who deciphered it  : This little maneuver is going to cost us 51 years
I honestly still think every suspects they had were innocent and that the real one stopped killing simply because he died (or became too sick to continue, whatever). I know the Zodiac movie tried real hard to say Arthur Leigh Allen was the killer but in real life, he seemed more like he was a fanboy of the Zodiac. While he indeed knew a lot about the cases and seemed to want to emulate the killer, he had foolproof alibies for some of the murders and every physical evidence they had exonerated him. And they had a lot more physical evidence than you'd think. That's why the Zodiac couldn't have been arrested like some other commenters say, they had his matching fingerprints from two different crime scenes so unlike what the movie said, the police have no doubt the fingerprints are legit. If he had been arrested for unrelated crimes, they would have tied him to the other murders as soon as they took his fingerprints.
9:10 team 12:10 fully decrypted words
So you guys think that he's still alive?
VALORANT
Fnaf and undertale are steep slopes of info to handle......how would they fair in helping out
Plot Twist: He joined the FBI
The last bay desirably flap because pollution putatively confess minus a upbeat competitor. innate, aromatic can
Took u long enough
I think he was a cop
Plot twist. The scientist is the killer
Wow!! A spelling mistake crazy!!!
bruh 1974 was the year that my dad was born.
Arthur Leigh Allen's palm print and fingerprints was on two of the Zodiac letters
Aha! I knew it was Peter Parker!! Now who's Spider-Man?
Is any one sitting for 51 years and continually trying to solve it.
I thought among us was hard
Holy
Why am I watching this at midnight
The message: DEEZ NUTZ
all dislikes are real killers
Wow 2020 even is going after the zodiac killer, 2020 Is truly something
This was all mostly before my time but the theory among my dad and his friends, because the calls came from so close to police stations and he had zero fear of cops or being caught, was that Zodiac actually was a cop.  But even creepier is, in an apartment he used to live at in the bay area, one day he heard the neighbor down the hall actually making a Zodiac phone call. He said he went to his apartment locked the door and grabbed every weapon he owned (dad was a federally licensed firearms dealer, he had stock).
It was kiser soze! They cracked the code using AI and machine learning!
If I heard this video right, it was bill cypher.
Hi
All the evidence but they couldn’t catch him
I cracked the last cypher.       it says "wear a mask"
We want to talk to you about your vehicles extended warranty.
12:16 you’re welcom
This channel is mad sloppy ever since they started swapping out the voices. I miss the OG guy and the facts seemed a lot more on point if you ask me
Excuse me but I thought we discovered ages ago that Ted Cruz was the zodiac killer??
6:45 69
*cue Detective Conan theme song*
Kind of seems like you shouldn't be bragging since it took so long lol
“It was Jimmy Williams”
when I first heard about this, I'd thought it would reveal his Identity. guess not, at least that's one cipher solved.
What if he’s reading these comments....
My grandpas friends were the first victims of the zodiac killer
these guys are on the grind.. 2 videos a day
The last two cipher was: "Stay hydrated. Drink water."
Breaking News!!! Zodiac is an ESL student!
Melvin BELL-EYE
Oof this is old news
There's a movie about this on netflix
Who had the Zodiac killer's code is broken for 2020 bingo
Due I'm so scared because most of his murders were in California and I live there
I saw the thumbnail and thought it was the bombastic bag man😂
"Suffering from a mental illness", oh, you mean Islam? Because that's where he got that bit about murdering people to make slaves.
I’d be surprised to find out if he’s still even alive.
Why are their arms so big  😐
How come the men survive?
DNA on the papers???
Biggest waste of time ive ever heard of. Cracking a code that says nothing.
Imagine the zodiac killer has watched these videos and commented on these
Hopefully they're just dead now
The fact that we still don’t know where he’s at is scary he could literally be watching this video
What a waste of time 😳
How annoying can a video be, the subject matter is great, but the presentation is ridiculous and the length is non-sense; a complete waste of time.
When your irl name is the same as one of the victims  I-
“We’ve been trying to contact you about your vehicles extended warranty “
if he was so smart would he have made spelling mistakes? does not seem right...
Matthias.
5:45 Viejas
That’s convenient
The animations are disturbing
Well it’s a bit late for that isn’t it
WHAT
Ridiculous on these ads
hm im confusion
12:13 if you wanna skip past all the filler
Him saying “paradice” multiple times got me thinking its a code or something important
Im gonna tell ya a secret 🤫  I am the zodiac killer don’t tell anyone
The zodiac killer is like the real life riddler
Ok 2020 just got worse
December 20, 1968 is also pretty close to the day my mom turned one. I think it‘s clear who the killer was.
Zodiac Killer: Exist Infographics Show: PUT THAT IN A VIDEO NOW!!!
You see my friend zodiac killer here he's cracked at codes my guy
The zodiac killer was Arthur Leigh Allen
Hey guys it’s me the zodiac killer. Just wanna say sorry for all the inconveniences I’ve caused over the years.
It’s Ted Cruz
in fact, there is also the most wanted serial killer called "Joseph James DeAnjelo" who was nicknamed "The Golden State Killer". He has done more than 100 crimes and was caught in April 2018
he is at least late 70's to early 80's now if he is still alive thats crazy
Imagine “Ey yo it’s ya boi Zodiac” is the sentence that drives people to insanity.
Plot Twist: The Zodiac Killer is Dream...   That’s why dream doesn’t do face reveal or name     But wait     The age doesn’t match up   OR DOES IT?!   *music intensifies*
"⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐" - The Wall Street Journal
The obeisant writer lovely learn because band intradurally concern pro a pale celery. needy, flowery candle
7:48   What    The    F*ck ...   no... just no    ._.
I think i can speak for everyone when i say "Finally"
Who other then the zodic is disliking this.`?
So there's a very interesting theory that his name is Earl Van Bess Jr.   A man came forward claiming that his father, a San Fran cop, was The Zodiac.
Maybe the 37 kills figure came from Vietnam. Many people were drafted and the murders were during the 60s and 70s. It also could have been where he acquired his bloodlust. Just a theory though.
His short message: “can’t believe I have to pay 8$ for coconut water”
Finally bruh it’s been too long
"Silent for half a decade" *not sure I trust you now buddy*
I can say, everything take up here is the same stuff that came up in the Zodiac movie 10 years ago. Waste of time.
Instead of deciphering the code they should have focused on catching the suspect... It's clear that the codes just have messages with bragging and distraction nothing useful too the case
I think he may have made those spelling mistakes on purpose because look how it through them off
Bababooey
Imagine if the zodiac was reading our comments
Took em just 70 years
You'll never find me
9:16 : *Hey guys it's old Austin*
He can’t be dead I thought cause he recently made a statement about how that wasn’t him on the show. Also he’s gonna die soon since he’s in his 80’s or 90’s probably
Sounds like he’d be the type to have the cypher on his grave if, of course he is dead.
None of this makes sense, I can't believe people like deciphering those codes
He’s at least 68
2020
Lets just assume that the killer was in his 20s when the killings happened. 50 years have passed ...... like why is you looking for him he bouta die from old age
The Only man who can solve this case is Cole Phelps
Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer.
zodiac killer in 2020: DONT MOVE! the other person: *cough cough* zodiac killer: understandable have a nice day
Should’ve posted it to 4chan, they would’ve found out how many cells are in his eye
I think they’re a bit late
Next up: trying to solve the sudoku puzzle on the back of the newspaper
fun fact: you wont be able to sleep tonight
Don’t trust this Channel
Spoiler alert: he knew it wouldn't be cracked until now, and it's just the link to Never Gonna Give You Up
Please do a video about the gas chamber
He even had spelling mistakes in his cipher?!! Monster!!
The magnificent foxglove consquentially cry because butcher spectroscopically stamp than a bad green. dashing, caring collar
Nah the BAU could have definitely caught him
The advertisements every 3 to 5 minutes are such a bother.
Imagine if the code was “did you know that you could save up to 50% trading with trading 212
12:07 is the final code.
He thought his victims would become his slaves in the afterlife? He thought he'd go to paradise and have slaves?? He'd be surprised to receive hellish pain from them. :-P
Can't say picnic anymore, it's racist
This was handled/cracked weeks ago by Australian mathematicians🤦🏾‍♀️ you’re late
the animation is repulsive
.
The plain manager tellingly switch because reduction naively bore than a mysterious jeep. bashful, reminiscent separated
Zodiac go crazy
Plot Twist: The Zodiac Is John Wick
I honestly think he purposely miss spelled those words just to throw them off for a little while longer knowing that eventually the cypher will be found and knowing that it won’t help the case anymore just to toy with the cops
that message says "subscribe to modest pelican gaming or die in gas chamber"
When the infographics video and the SCP video seem similar.
It is the CIA.
The zodiac is like the real life version of the riddler from batman
Here is one to send a chill up your spine. If the Zodiac killer started killing when He was in His teens ( Quite Possibly ) He would still be in His very Late 60's
Is that you light yagami?
Oh they finally cracked that one? But they didn't find the true message .       π¥ $€©®3@
Is this what mathematical problems Bitcoin solves ?
"after half a decade of silence"... Think you guys meant* "half a century" of silence 😂
so lets just say they got "SIKE"
My sings are not that Confusing to understand   Her singns:
That zodiac is freaking smart
He's suffering from mental illness because his idea of the afterlife doesn't fit with the christian version?
It was not a man. It was a woman.
The Zodiac car is infamous
If he wrote that note it the 70s he's gotta be in his late 80s or 90s give or take no one will ever catch him, he's a the madman that got away
Imagine if the cipher was cracked and it turned out to be an ad for RAID SHADOW LEGENDS
You guys should watch the movie, u wont regret it
I think it’s cool how I live so close to the road that the young couple died on
I bet the message was gibberish and the FBI made it all up.
Idk man why was this deciphered in 2020? yikes
plot twist of the year: the zodiac killer died of covid
That’s awesome
I would think someone as narcissistic as he was would give his identity to the public &/or police when he knows he will be dead. Meaning if he hasn't done it yet he's still alive. He'd have to be in his 70s though at the least since he was considered to be 20-40 in the vid. I'm guessing he was maybe 23 at the time so he'd be about 73 now.
Was hoping this was going to be the one with his name in it
I feel like there is no answer to the code unless it came from the killer himself. Someone could say they cracked it and say the code talks about fannypacks and horse riding
he ain't dumb, that was on purpose
In Belguim there is a street called the “zodiac” street and i live very close from that street 😳
The 5 year old who new what it said
Whoever sees this I hope you have an amazing day!
This is bs.
The zodiac was the man behind 2020
Was there not cameras at the known telephone
if it ends up being Ted Cruz ima flip this table
He probably committed suicide after he felt he would have enough slaves for the after life. No more reason to go on if he felt he finished his job.
most dangerous game irl xD
huh
Well I suspect hes Trump🤔
DECIPHERED: "I hope you are having lots of fun in trying to catch me-that wasnt me on the tv show-which brings up a point about me- I am not afraid of the gas chamber because it will send me to paradice all the sooner because I now have enough slaves to work for me where everyone else has nothing when they reach paradice- so they are afraid of death-I am not afraid because i know that my new life is life will be an easy one in paradice death."
What's so hilarious about this video, I skipped all of that information filler until the end part of the video 🤣🤣🤣🤣.
He would be 70-80 at this point
ted cruz must be getting nervous
Some one is sus in this comment section
Zodiac just did a perfect crime, not like "what crime, there was no crime", but Media : who are you? Fbi : who are you?
The Zodiac watching infographics: *They found me. I don't know how but they found me*
Nice, 69, nice nice
How come this channel has more subscribers than any other channel I've ever seen on YouTube?   The highest I've ever seen I think was maybe one and a half million maybe two million...  I mean this is a great channel, has a broad range and broad appeal, it can be quite informative as the name suggests, and it's often humorous and entertaining...  They've stumbled onto some secret recipe of keeping people's attention not only for more than 2 minutes but keeping their attention devoted to continue coming back repeatedly.
What did it say??? “Drink more Ovaltine”
ummm ye cool but what's the point? its been years he's probably 70 years old. and its not like their starting an investigation.
Can't believe you made a 14 minute video about Ted Cruz
1:38 yes
And no one conceal carried a pistol!
Skip to 8:40 if you dont want to hear the story of the zodiac killer and just want to hear what the cipher says
How you know he got a 2011
A yes ,one of humanities greatest hassles, *Grammar mistakes*
He might be dead, but there are monsters still out there lying in wait.
The video starts at 12:16
Ridiculous amount of ads.  Greedy will be greedy
It’s obviously Ted Cruz
THIS IS NOT THE YEAR PUT THAT BACK IN THE CASE FILE!!!
I’m from California I grew up in the bay and still to this day we still think it was someone in law enforcement...Or ex-military
Once we learn the real identity of the zodiac he would be dead by then
I just solved who the Zodiac killer is. Unfortunately even though I’m about to name him- we still don’t know who he is. The Zodiac killer is...DB COOPER!!!!! You’re welcome FBI!!!!
the code is cracked in 2020, when all the things no one thought can happen actually happened. Coincidence? I think not!
-Man with the gun- Second Cypher.
i can’t help but wonder if they had taken the zodiac killer’s actual symbol into consideration when deciphering these codes? the crosshairs they place everywhere? i wonder if it means anything
Dude took among us way too seriously
6:40 Haha he said 69 twice
Lets just wrap everything up in 2020 since its bout to end and look to the future
Zodiac be watching this be like finally
Kira
Why didnt they call Spiderman. He lives in the US or what.
as a kid all I wanted to do was to go to America, years have changed my mind   (IM SO SORRY BECAUSE THIS IS OFFENSIVE BUT LIKE)
Waco the big lie watch it now
Is the voiceover different
Its Melvin Bell-Eye not Belly, Show a man some respect if you’re going to be making something like this make sure you get the names pronounced exactly right you owe it to the living and the dead
It reads "This message was brought to you by:_______"
The same team should look at the Voynich Manuscript
Could you guys do one on CIA Project MKUltra ? I’d really like that (guys please like this comment so it can get recognized :-) )
Here before yt reccomend this to everyone in years
Honestly,  just technically yesterday, I was listening to a podcast about The Zodiac Killer, and I see this video, so I'm like: Woah! What a coincidence!
The duality of the Male human...geniuses and cold blooded killers
Me seeing that the video was 2 days ago: ( ° - ° )
Don’t forget...to...drink...your Ovaltine.
One of the biggest flexes in the world
they should compare his prints with btk, i think it would reveal something interesting
So the election.. Nothing.  No help from FBI Now I see why.
Imagine making a cryptogram of the lyrics of never gonna give you up
Joe Quicker Sniffer Upper Biden is a zodiac accomplice. He's too dumb to be the killer, But maybe we can "get rid of" him before he gets in office.
Imagine making an unimaginably hard riddle/cipher, just to be solved by people in the future with their developed tech.    That's cheating.
I imagine he killed himself not long after he sent the last message to reach his "paradise." That's why he stopped killing and was never seen again.
Umm, it’s been cracked for decades.
The explination of how they solved it is TERRIBLE.
In the future we’ll have flying cars.  2020: We have finally solved the zodiac killer code.
Watch the movie zodiac it will save you 14 minutes of your life
I use to be scared of him as a kid but now I have the biggest love for faceless, dominant, rough people.  _congratulations, you've played yourself_
Plot twist he made those spelling mistakes on purpose
ཤིེེོུཅཔེུལ ༧༩ོབརརོསརེུརདིུཡཟཁཇ༤ ུ༤ཕམཇཝ།ཉ༠༦ོཟདཏཐཐག༢༣ོེབལཕིུར ཤམ ེུ ཟཞཉཚཚཙཅཆ ཤབེ༦པ ན ཧསེོུ
this pro / crackoford 1/on lG was able to get my lG page verified in few hours, he is such a legend.
Thats 1 day before my dad was bor9
And here I thought we already figured out that Ted Cruz is the Zodiac Killer.
Yo I think it's me lol
Oh for gods sake it was arthur leigh Allen mike mageau identified him from a picture of him but he died before police could arrest him
It was Steve harvey he's the zodiac
I bet 10$ that those two cyphers are just them going “You really thought I would reveal myself to some code breakers nah, if I was gonna do it I would do it on live TV.”
ដោះស្រាយខ្ញុំចេញ
Zodiac killer probably dead now or commit sucide back then
"hunting humans for sport"  me: actual cannibal shia lebeuf
it's Ted Cruz right
Don't know how I got here from searching '9/11 mattress', but I did.
“And for the car sir?” Just leave it here for the rest of humanity”
*If you gave Sherlock this he would solve it in minutes.*
Oh wow
Us
I was just watching a video on how Electric Eels can give off electricity... HOW DID I GET HERE?!
Ted Cruz. Its ted Cruz.
FBI: We don't have time to investigate election fraud, but we solved the riddle a serial killer wanted us to solve!
**half a century of being silent**
What a clever guy.
bro
*They always ask the Zodiac Killer, "Who are you?", Instead of "How are you?"*  😔
2020 what a year
this killer reminds me of the killer that killed many women before it was like 40+ the he killed ... he was already caught
Ted K. was the Zodiac
I, Kira Yoshikage just wanted to live a peaceful life.
Ay it's that channel that makes scps videos i didn't know that they made diffrent videos this musssst be "new"
When the zodiac killer impostor is sus! 😳
7:25  Cops: *finds out the Zodiac is an American*  DETECTIVE 100
They probably spelt things wrong on purpose to make it more difficult to understand
I bet the OddOnesOut is real happy
Old news
Wasn't it that Arthur guy? They went to pull him in and charge him years later but he had a heart attack, google it, im sure there was something
wow
One quick question, with this big reveal why isn't this on the news
The last two Ciphers are                                                          *"I'd like to sponsor this mass killing by NordVPN"*
Bet he doesn't reply to me
Is it possible the misspellings of paradise was intentional? Apparently 1600s middle English paradice was a proper spelling.
Maybe I’m here
pruebaprueba
You should make a video about either 2020 in all or the christmas morning bombing in Nashville
Cracking the zodiac signs is like solving a rubics cube blind folded
False :)
Arthur Lee Alan, the main suspect. Identified by the only living victim after he died from a heart attack. Please no more bait.
look it's box man
This channel is click bait pfft.
It was me
This is such old news, this has been known for what... a month or two? Some Australian Mathematician and two other guys who I don't remember. One has a YouTube channel which shows how they deciphered it.
I feel like the man is in my room now just watching this
Dude it’s Morgan Freeman
Bro when you say half a decade I was confused
Am I the only one who sees unown (from pokemon) in 0:49?
Turns out he's your grandfather
Imagine cracking the cipher only for the Zodiac to have written "When the impostor is sus"
This dud got a nuke and didnt call it in
Bruh, man couldn't be bothered to check for spelling mistakes, pure evil if I've ever seen it.
7:05 my grandma went to college and knows him now, and my mom went to school with his son, this really interested me
12,5,16,18,3 1,11, 22,15,5 1,12,12 11,9,9 23,15,21!!!
5 11 white male glasses left handed and possible mental illness
Does this mean we can finally bring Ted Cruz to justice?
Zodiac killer has to atleast be 70 right?
The movie the zodiac was amazing so I had to watch this!
December 20, 1968  68...   we were *this* close to greatness
Wait is zodiac killer still alive
Half a decade would be 5 years, btw 50 years is half of a century
So they spent over ten minutes talking what everyone knows about instead of talking about the cypher??? This is my 1* « thumbs down*
I did it for the lulz. I did it for the lulz. I did it for the lulz.
Imagine spending 14 years solving a code that doesn't even help you find the Zodiac
2020 i want to be a full 2020ok i give you something
What a coward smh my head
8 year olds watching this and searching up zodiac face reveal be like: am I a joke to you?!
2020 really WOULD end with the zodiac killer coming back
Me too, can you?
what a shocking year to be in
It’s joe Biden
Thanks to Covid19 ppl have a lot of free time during home quarantine to solve this puzzle.
We really are living in a historic year.
3:32  those are some high people
the zodiac killer sounds like a more skilled BTK who would also do messages to the cops and brag about how they couldnt find him but the cops managed to find him via tape recordings he put in cereal boxes
They should’ve used google translate
Ted Cruz.
He's dead anyways, It's just gonna be a practice for an intelligence sector
Sounds like Zodiac makes a lot of references to The Most Dangerous Game, a story about a crazed man who hunts humans for sport on a island. Honestly, his demeanor is very similar to the antagonist of that story.
Imagine it actually didn’t mean anything and they gave it a meaning.
Guys hear me out... what if the Zodiac Killer was Anthony Quinn? And once this video went on trending he decided to blow up  Nashville?    imma get a lot of hate for this but it’s just a joke.... or is it. hmmm  just a random thought 🤫
Zodiac Killer is watching this right now, probably thinking maybe I should download grammerly
I'm not sure but i thought i read somewhere that some guy had proof that his dad was actually the killer again I'm not sure maybe someone can confirm this
Cameras
Half a decade of silence? You meant half a century...
"Paradice"
I CRACKED THE CODE IN 1968. IT SAID "I AM A SERIAL KILLER".
Put it on reddit, it'll be solved in a 8 hour work day by some random bored sanitation worker.
Make a crytpgram that take 100 years to solve.  Then you will be History.
Okay so hear me out, what if the zodiac killer committed suicide
Imagine finding out your wife was dead and cheating on you at the same time
I am have been reviewing the short code left by the killer with the same software as them and I believe his first name was Norton
Finally!
Zodiac- I like killing.. it's so much fun (Arby's roast beef sandwich) lol gotta love the timing of the ads.
These cyphers reak of darpas.
What I don't get is that they say he had a low I.Q. but he's able to create these Rosetta Stone-like Cyphers. Something doesn't add up here.
If my name was Betty Lou. I would wanna die to.
Someone @buzzfeed unsolved
On the trending list. Let's goooo
Finally we caught him
I hope that they put some legit profilers on the messages.  I want to know who spells paradise with a "c". I think there's a lot in the messages that is unsaid, but reveals so much more.
And it only took them 62 years
Man I bet the zodiac killer really liked deathnote
50 years too late
Zodiac killer watching this: 👁 👄 👁
He said half a decade instead of century
Lockpickinglawyer: hold my beer
I know whos the zodiac killer but ill never let you know, he is a hero.
what animator is this?
The Zodiac is a time traveler thats why he cant be caught
Arthur Leigh Allen.
this is why you conceal carry
They never did catch Ted Cruz...
Haha well played
2:48 tf is he doing dancing
I believe his misspelling is intentional. The zodiac killer was far too precise and meticulous in his codes to have misspelled words by accident.
Maybe we never heard from him again bc they were so embarrassed by the spelling mistake
Nice valorant cypher
When I was little, maybe 7-11; I was into ciphers, language and so on. I tried to write my own cipher/language. However I stopped because I insisted on it being difficult to understand and wanted to incorporate 4 languages into it. English, a foreign language, a dead language and a play language. Its possible the zodiac is using more than one language under 1 code. Most Americans are under different backgrounds, they should try adding different languages to the cipher cracking program if they want to get anywhere. Especially with a name.... anyways this is cool
That dude is like 75
Ted Cruz denies all of this
In the end he's just another worthless psychopathic human being, people should consider to stop being fascinated with dumpsters like these. They're just dust in the wind.
figures out zodiac code at end of 2020: *softly* dont
watch him have a kid and his kid decides to do the same thing
If the reason it couldn’t be broken for so long is because he made a mistake in his code shouldn’t they attack the other ciphers with the same assumption maybe they’ll get somewhere with that
That thumbnail though!!!! 🤣
The movie Zodiac is amazing
The code was just cracked as this was posted 2 days ago
well he may be beliving in a paradise but all i can see is him walking towards a prison.
I think one of the codes has the name Kane in it
I mean.. if he were to try something now I think he'd get caught dead or several wounded
I hate the FBI daily
Zodiac had Cecilia Shepard tie Bryan Hartnell at Lake Berryessa.
Zodiac killer were two men: Arthur Leigh Allen and Lawrence "Kane" Keye. They both knew each other and were both on the house painting party in Darlene Ferrin's home, who was one of the first victims. And both were recognized by photo by two victims who survived Michael Mageau identified Allen and Kathleen Johns identified "Kane"Keye.
Half a decade? Thats like 2015😂  I think you mean half a century
way to sensationalize a murderer for views. i wonder how many people will be inspired by this..
They should have caught him
Feel like it’s multiple people
I thought they know his name?
Save yourself watching this video its clickbait there is nothing of note in this video smh
Finally it’s over...  ...or is it
The unsolved cypher reads:  This is the Zodiac speaking. Before I reveal my identity I want to talk to you about my sponsor; Raid: Shadow Legends.  Edit: Wow I can't believe I got so many likes thank you guys so much just kidding I don't care.
Hello feel free to watch my new video trying to experiment something thank you :)
So the code really isn’t cracked
when ur smart enough to make an unbreakable code but spell paradise incorrectly
only killed 37 people pathetic i killed 3,2017 people in COD: M
The wonderful soil generally slow because glove metabolically trust versus a hushed knowledge. hot huge, cruel whip
I thought it was the pokemon language ngl
Maybe one of those small u cracked codes is his birthday or zodiac sign lol
Vai tomar no seu cu
What’s the sound of the background??/ song
oh wow now i know what lil wayne meant when he said “what’s your name?, what’s your sign?, zodiac killer” in the rich as f song
The "my name is" cipher was solved long ago. The solution is Alfred E Neuman- the mad magazine mascot. The cipher is too short to be confirmed but theres no doubt that's the answer. Theres even a clue; the first three symbols are AEN.
100 years later: The remaining part of the code is...."Be sure to drink your Ovaltine".
Hey random person scrolling down the comments...      Have a wonderful day  :)
Best know if he hasn't got caught and taunting the police like he has if they ever suspected who he is he has an alibi  to cover the tracks of his tracks . But there's no way he skates this long the police n crime scene units have I
Ron for the record I live my life for you - your my one and only and please do not wear that tuxedo there's consequences obviously - ax anyone in America what happens when they see Ron in a tuxedo I'll guarantee they know exactly what is going to happen and then there's another gender reveal party - Ron's gonna end up pregnant of course - the afterlife - dang Ron two months you replaced us ? Like it was easy - we'd always go into it blindly I needed to hate you to love me - that's the truth - needed to lose myself to find myself Ron - so thanks again buddy I appreciate it and the war with the neighbors better hope that billy isn't crawling around ! 🤣
Y'all finally went to see Declan on recess ? Dang finally the case cracked - no surprise - Ron or Declan English dang - someone getting engaged and having a gender reveal ? 🤣🤷‍♂️ 🙏 did the man get remarried ? I'm sure -
What a troll lol
I grew up in Vallejo. This will forever be my favorite crime story. Still can’t believe he was never caught!
So, was it Ted Cruz?
12:42 he's sus
Dang, I should’ve proofread my code ):
Imagine what amazing things this guy could probably do/make with his IQ. Instead of taking people's lives.
He probably died from COVID
I thought the Zodiac killer been got caught Scary to think he was or is still alive.
The narcissistic personality with no empathy. Hmmm. Sounds familiar.
this guy definitely died of something somehow considering his last message was from the 70's
That guy really hated women. He shot a woman 5 times but only shot the man she was with 4 time. Then stabs another woman 10 times but only stabs the other guy 5 times.
The zodiac could be watching right now
I love how this channel repeatedly calls him "mentally ill" because of his beliefs about the afterlife, not because he killed a bunch of people.
What if he's one of the people commenting?
Wow took 12:12  to say what the zodiacs letter was
In short the code is :                                   I aint never seen two pretty bestfriends
It was jimmy Williams
It would be epic if he sent one last coded message saying "Send nudes."
I feel like he does this just to keep the cope busy while he kills people 😑😐
Honestly, I like learning about these topics, but I know that these people have tons of errors in their videos so I doubt that everything they said is true... Still a cool animation style
the zodiac should get a grave stone of letters saying “ez”
This is a easy case.   Dexter Morgan Got him.
2021 teaser
His mistake in his code is what led to the end of his game he was playing with the feds
My dad was born on dec. 20.1968
what if the true zodiac killer was the friends we made along the way
When he says “hunting for humans” I’m thinking of the Hunger Games.
The issues with boastful serial killers are that they normally don't stop. That's why whenever there is a break investigators always check recent deaths, incarcerations, and they even check if there has been similar activity in another area to see if the killer moved. There is always the possibility that the mental illness got worse and made the killer nonfunctional or off themselves. There are some killers where the MO is in part absence such as a killing spree then nothing until a certain amount of time then another spree. But in the case of the Zodiac there doesn't seem to be a pattern in the timing, weapon, or location other than secluded open spaces but the cab driver doesn't fit that either.
The name is pronounced, "Melvin Bell-Eye", not "Belly".
why dont we just hire technoblade and dream to find him?
It very brave of these guys to publish their names. The zodiac is probably still alive and i guess he is not going to be happy when he discovers someone solved his masterpiece.
Zodiac is probably Muslim
These cyphers are a waste of time! They revealed nothing about the Zodiac. If he were committing these atrocities today he would have been caught for sure. Police have been much better in cooperation between cities/counties and feds .The theory that he was military should have been explored more. Three books went missing for code breaking from a library before all this went down, coincidence? If they have prints they should be cross checking them with military records ( assuming that the military takes fingerprints from its soldiers).
He was more crazy man than me
In another 50 years, we will finally figure it out.
I just knew they’d catch Ted Cruz sooner than later 😂
Not sure what you made up, there was no message in the cypher, he was messing with everyone,, you made something made something up
nice
The zodiac killer is (was) a newspapers reporter!
but jake gyllenhaal caught his actions
I was expecting it to say “my name is Ted Cruz”
Rona just got us to this point where uncrackable codes are being cracked. 😂
I'm just gonna keep assuming that it's Ted Cruz.
So, he wasn't completely efficient in killing or spelling as a side-effect of being insane.
Half a decade.... or  five years as most normal humans say
Is he on The most wanted list on the FBI list and Police list just wondering because i aint in america
Imagine the Zodiac Killer is watching this.
Took them long enough.
Junk DNA.
but I want slaves in paradise...
Slaves in the afterlife? Is that part of a cult? An ancient religion? Or one mans crazy ramblings? Why does one need slaves? Why would one want slaves for eternity?
I think the zodiac was a french speaker, because the 2nd to last transcription of the code had 'ce' which could be translated into 'this' in english. So, instead of "....life is life will be an..." at the end, he could've meant to say, ".....life, this life will be an easy one...."
10 secrets that hasn't been solved    ... *Read more*
0:19 So he was shot 5 times in the back, huh? Let me guess: It went Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! Pow! He said "What the f-ck?! Ow! Ow! Ow!" then he shot him three more times in the head. Pieces of his brain flew out, and he was dead.
My guy got some serious big brain
Why would you share the names and faces of the people who cracked it on a national forum?
My guy gave up the life and went into politics
The Zodiac killer's identity and knowing who killed Jon Bennett. Two most desired cases I would love to see solved
what is paradice
“Bell...Your telling me you deciphered the zodiac killer...I don’t think that’s how it went. Restart the scenario”- Russell Adler
1337
Half a decade of silence? I'm sorry if I'm being dumb but don't you mean half a century?
Imagine if one of the cryptograms was a name, but not his name, but the name of an innocent person who is still alive
why did it take 50 years? turns out we mistakenly assumed he could spell,  once we realized he couldn't we immediately got it done
Imagine if zodiac killer was addicted to memes
Could you do a serial killer video on the Yorkshire ripper
It's not solved until the killer is caught.
Never have I ever.. *clicked so fast on a notification.*
Cecila was a Karen
My guess is there its a family tradition there's more then 1... its just a guess tho
uh wasnt this decoded like years ago? even decades ago?? someone please correct me if im wrong
who else saw the solution the same day it was solved
Half a decade? Or half a century?
FBI: FINALLY WE HAVE STATEMENT SHOWING THE WORDS AND MEANINGS OF THE ZODIAC KILLERS LANGUAGE!  One Guy in the Crow: 👏👏👏 *I SEE YOU'VE CRACKED MY CODE!*          FBI: 👁️👄👁️
That is just version of Witch’s language. I deeply wonder how it took 50 years to resolve this
He may be an awful killer, but at least he left some fun codes behind.
7:51 Jesus Christ😕
Wow that’s crazy that it’s solved now because i wrote a 10 page essay on how it would never be solved
The Message was: “Sorry but the princess is at another castle.. Love Zodiac”
Come on, we all know it was Ted Cruz
Zodiac killer had to work for the POLICE, FBI or an Government Official At A Point To Know How They Would Move After Discovering The murders !
Jesus this man is insane and only shot them 6 times   Some police are dumb
so maybe whoever said they were it and the gas chamber stuff maybe they and the zodiac killer are linked and murdering together? not sure though as its been quite awhile since he killed
Am I the only one who actually clicked on this thinking it was about Zodiac Signs 😂
its me im the zodiac killer  im just kidding dont hunt me down plz
This guy could be dead by now...
Things we already know: •Older Guy 40s or 50s when he started committing the murders •A hunter, someone who likes to go out hunting •wears a 10.5 boots  •he is 5’11
*LORD JESUS DIED & ROSE AGAIN TO FREE U FROM SIN ACCEPT HIS GIFT* ✝️✝️✝️
I can just imagine him watching this video and thinking dumba*s
Plot twist: the zodiac killer is in the comments 🧐
CLEVELAND OHIO FIRE SONGS ON MY PAGE 🔥💯💯💯💯🔥
Well done getting a 15# on trending video
The Zodiak should get who ever decided to put so many mid rolls
nice
Why is the killer called the "zodiac killer" ??
The cypher could help- maybe he has told someone something similar to this and they could contact the FBI.
Was the book “The Most Dangerous Game”?
Hello, does anyone want support in these trying times? Maybe we could sub to each other to help, but if you don’t want to that’s completely fine with me! Stay safe & be happy ❤️
Imagine he wrote down scribbles on a paper to distract the fbi
zodiac looks like a reverse KKK member
That's cool, but who is the Zodiac killer...😂
Eat it Ted!
I cracked that short one. It says T E D C R U Z
the fbi: expecting it to be something important like revealing his full name  the note: *hey kyle wanna see what i can do*
the cops got rick rolled but with a cipher
What if he did the spelling mistakes on purpose
5:26, you mean Karen?
I’m thinking that there was a full group of zodiac killers and because of that it is impossible to find any. Who knows maybe they might be your local old dude who comes into the gas station to get some cigarettes.🤷‍♂️
It actually says “Drink your ovaltine”
It says, "I'll return in 2020, and TAKE THE VACCINE!"..
Is this true????
Somewhere Ted Cruz is trembling
Black is sus
wow
The dudes literally the real life riddler
Jarl Vaneyck is probably the zodiac killer
Ya Allah ampunilah dosa kami semua yang setuju like.
Women everywhere: I'm super into serial killers
also they’re wrong about the code.     The real code is just the secret to out pizza the hut and i gotta keep that a secret.
Bro hes dead
No he didn't.
if you’re watching this at night time, no, that’s just you being tired. Plus he’d be in a nursing home by now. Now go get some sleep.
One word for this video woaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhh
Imagine being hunted by a whole country and making a cipher harder to break than some egypt ciphers and police tool 51 years  to break the code and just to misspell something ☠️
He could be down here in the comment section with us *right now.*  Gotta give you props for your big brain but not for killin' people.
He might be dead now
This video was nigh impossible to watch with all of the ads.
Isn't it crazy that wat a whole country was trying to solve we can jus watch on YouTube while pooping
51 years is not half of a decade. It’s.half of a century.
0:31 did you mean half century?
nice
his theory of slaves in the afterword isnt any more crazy then your soul flying to a made up place called heaven.
Zodiac killer will identify them self at the deathbed as his final taunt, unless he is already long dead ofc, but who knows
This episode is so riddled with inaccuracies.
How are you so late on the uptake
too many commercials
Was the zodiac using the same code when he was writing the smaller ones? Or could it be the code but verbal. I've created a language for my stories and written and verbal while they are the same language are different. For example (In verbal) i write everything that's original in all caps but the altered letters are in lowercase. Could it be something like that? I'm just drawing from what i use and i might be be only 13 but i think it should be considered.
Uh oh I just started watching and I’m already in
Who’s here after 51 years?
What was the zodiac killer's sign?
Imagine someone in the comment section being the zodiac killer
“Breaking news, the zodiac killer has been caught and arrested! Earlier this morning police arrived at the home of Senator Ted Cruz and led him out in handcuffs.”
green is sus
This is old news
Ted cruz sweating rn
My guy could have Rick rolled the world
Urgently appeal to all patriots: March ‪on January 6.‬ Prior to this, it is strongly requested that the state and federal members of the electoral district declare support for Trump's re-election. This is the second wave of biological warfare attacks by the CCP bandits on the free world.
12:09 thank me later 😳
Jeeeezzzzz this video is too long. It's faster to look up an article
I subscribed
The boringg people can do anything to satisfy theirs emptiness
Is that one guy still saying 7 or 8 lines of it are gibberish because he can't solve it?
Get different animation software.
So this comment has nothing to do with this video, but I play the alto saxophone and my last two videos are covers of blessed assurance and are you washed in the blood. So If anyone would check out those video that would be super awesome! Thanks in advance!!🥰
Never thought I could be so intrigued but at the same time so scared
Wii88o8kkkij9
Man a code can't be cracked over 50 years and all it's take is a lock down.
“...don’t forget to drink your ovaltine??!?!!!!?”😂😂
I imagine a grumpy old man laughing at the TV and saying finally those bone heads figured it out
The Zodiac is my favorite killer because it's just so interesting and so many twists and turns
Just me or dose jarl look like the sketch of the zodiac killer ?
Livin
wow this zodiac killer is really becoming like the riddler
im the zodiac.
​@t​
With him being such a narcissist and if he is still alive, you know hes getting off on this probably considering himself a living legend.
To my mind he didn't "make a mistake", he was known to spell things wrong.
Could have easily been the actual guy on the talk show. One personality real, one personality acting like a superhero/villain.
I was thinking how weird it is that Criminal Minds never mentioned the Zodiac killer, but I think the Boston Reaper was their Zodiac
Just watched the movie and the next thing I see is this video 🙀
Yea i checked out one of the codes. The one that is his name. I think its Earl van best jr . There is just much to be coincidence. Like the fact that there is 13 leters in the code and 13 letters in Earls name, the same amount of letters are reused as symbols, E, A, R. And that is not even memtioning all the other evedice such as the matching handwriting and the obvious likenes in apearence BTW i got earl by going down 4 spaces from the a to e and then back up 4 to a asewell as going down 4 from the N with one not looking like a letter and assumed it was a L still working on the rest because it looks like you need to rearange the other symbols before i can decode. Have fun with this info and goodluck. Let me know if you succeeded in docode anything els
Background music?
when you realize the zodiac killer is an among us reference
Is the zodiac like a real thing that happened or is it just a make believe story that got many peoples attention? Because if they finally cracked the code then it would be all over the news
Most of the message was cracked in the 70s.
Plot twist: The zodiac killer is watching the video 😳
It is odd how there are still some grammar and spelling mistakes. Also, imagine if “paradice” refers to Paradise CA and the zodiac killer ended up dying in the fires or something. I guess it is more thank likely nothing due to the length of time in between, but the internet says the fire that took out Paradise was caused by a place called Pacific Gas and Electricity. Gas chamber/pacific gas?
*Ted Cruz sweating*
Yes
my trying decrypting it: "LUV YA OP"
2020 is not giving up yet
cool.
Plot twist:Zodiac wasn't the killer his friend is
Atleast something was achieved in 2020
Weak
Right as the code is revealed... youtube: ad... right after the ad my phone: crashes 😳
Reddington knows!
26
half a century*
5:19 why they be dancing at a picnic when they're about to get murdered?
Plot twist: Maybe this whole thing was a sham and there was never a zodiac killer
1:40 dog: help my please
The zodiac killer is like the one imposter v.s 7 billion crew mates
Imagine if the Zodiac Killer and the victims were all part of a decades long movie, and they were all the actors, anomalously making lifeless copies of their bodies
ျး
What if I was the killer***~~wpwp
“So tell us why we should hire you as senior word puzzle designer?” “I’m the Zodiac killer.” “Sorry, you misspelled Paradise.” Stab! Stab! Stab!
It’s so crazy cause I just watched this movie the other day but I thought they said they found the guy
“BE HONEST WHO’S BEEN A FAN FOR A LONG TIME?”  “¡ᴍ ɢɪ🄵T̶ɪɴɢ ᴇᴠᴇʀʏöꪀᴇ ᴡʜᴏ ꒒ɪᴋᴇꇙ ᴀɴᴅ sᴜʙ𝑺 ᴛᴏ ᴍe”😇”
Bruh this level of egdiness is beyond just cringe, what a weird boomer
Imagine he sells his methods 😭😭
I studied this for a while. Basically every note contained numerous spelling and grammatical errors. Because of that, I have always suspected that was the reason his cryptogram was never solved. If he can't spell, chances are there would be potential errors in his "code".   Fascinating nonetheless.
He’s dead now probably
Imagine if the Zodiac killer Imposter was demanding lots of moneys just to notice 51 years later it's fake person
Give it to the 4 chan and the Reddit community they'll solve it in days
For those who like Op Balmond, I have an exe video, check it on my channel, thank you, friend
Well he most likely died from corona
The real friends were the cyphers we made along the way
I think he was a cop
Ted cruz must be sweating!!! 😂😅
Why am I watching this in my bed at 3 am
You know the killer added the number 69        Noice
We all know Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer.
What if it doesn’t have any message and he was just playing around?🤔😂  Or it could be more than one person trying to be the Zodiac killer?
There's a imposter among us and I think he vented into admin👀👀
IDGAF if the FBI confirmed. They couldn't figure it out for themselves...
Bush did 9/11
Ted Cruise really retweeted something saying they cracked it and said oh no. 😂😂
The cod zombies guys had some off time thought they would help out the FBI
"Everyone makes mistakes"
12:10 your welcome
Hi... :)
When he killed the taxi driver, don't they keep a record of who drives who or is that a new thing??
The code has been cracked since watch dogs 2 came out
Who else is getting scared while watching the video that he might be in your house?
Zodiac clout anyone?
He got a 35 killing spree
50 years of delay while the Zodiac killer preparing and killing another people..
*cracks the code after 51 years*  the code: i ain't ever seen two pretty best friends
The Decoded Message Says Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer there saved you 14 minutes
To think that its possible that he's alive.
My man has a hella high K/D, he's on aimbot or smth
So YouTube doesn’t like certain words being used and will censor you.  12:15 this doesn’t sound like someone who is mentally ill. It does sound like someone who did this purposefully.  Certain religious groups, like ones involved and caused 9/11, are heavily responsible for acts like this because it’s what they believe in. The more destruction they cause, the more they are favored in their faith
Isn't it obvious, ted Cruz was the killer
Para"dice"?
Ted Cruz?
Bruh imagine the cypher was: "Be sure to drink your Ovaltine."
They need to run a software with every name of anyone that was living in the town at the time and try matching the symbols from the 380 to the new symbols
It was a knights move.
i really gotta stop watching these types of videos at midnight
Ok, we solved it. Can we please stop giving this worthless, cowardly narcissist the attention he wants. His misspelled codes were never clever, they were childish taunts and nothing more.
This just in: The Zodiac Killer is an anti-masker and died of COVID-19.
5:27 She was planning to go to speak to the manager after that BBQ
Just a few weeks late to the news.
I'm sure the woman who died from stab wounds at the picnic is resting peacefully knowing some YouTube show made her into a goofy cartoon.
Why am I bearly hearing abt this in english,I literally watched this in spanish a week ago of it being solved,is the english one late or what?
I live in the bay area and learning about the zodiac killing somebody exactly where I was a week ago, is very chilling.
so many ads
So was it Ted Cruz or not?
I thought the zodiac said the 340 when solved would contain their name
Cracked Letter: "Part 2 coming 2021"
Yo we were just learning about the Zodiac Killer a month ago in class
Hey bro you got tabs for this?
Imagine if the code was just a picture of Juan 😂
I can just imagine the killer writing those zodiac letters with the intentions of messing with them and wasting their time when it actually doesn't mean anything
They weren’t love struck, they were shot
Hes just like me I can solved     it
Zodiac isn’t dead
I saw that the cypher was cracked on Reddit by some australians
me: sees comment section about ads also me: ad block club
Imagine killing over 30 people and getting bullied by the internet
Wallace Hartford!
2020.. why...
4:59 have you ever read The Most Dangerous Game? Richard Connell is looking reeally sus right about know
This seems like IRL Death Note
I wounder how fast things would have been solved if they has as much 'support' people as the cod zombies community, trying to break the codes and such lol.
Zodiac is a girl👍
2:50 dude getting the gwak gwak 3000
If the code is one single line try putting the one line code on top of the other codes
K
I do be living in Napa valley doe
“Half a decade” pretty sure you mean half a century.
This channel has made the same vid about the zodiac 3 years in a row
bruh I would've ask the Minecraft community to solve this since they literally found the seed to the pack.png in just couple months
1:20 “we didn’t meet the 10+ mark so ima do a “recap” to meet it”
14:14 click this then click the rewatch button for no ads🙃
Here's a thought: why do we focus on the killer and how "amazing" they were about stumping the police and not give the victims and heroes of the story the bulk of the attention? People freakin' DIED. Murderers for pleasure and compulsion are not heroes and should not be idealized in the public's mind.
i feel this is fake
Ted Cruze is sweating.
*WHAT A JEALOUS INCEL OF A ELLIOT ROGERS THAT ZODIAC KILLER WAS.*
I cracked the code decade's ago. Didn't think it was a big deal
Shouldn't they have vehicle colours, from descriptions from witnesses, the tyre prints left so the vehicle make and or type from both. Has to be someone comfortable and desensitised to violence. You don't just walk around killing with confidence if you're a stranger to violence. I believe he obviously has mental health issues so extremely surprising his finger prints haven't been picked up, had to of been some one local with a lot of knowledge of police proceedings. I suspect a former  Police officer or a veteran. Just my guess but surely with all the profiling done on him it must narrow it down. However I believe he still lives close by to where it all happened if he's still alive, he'd probably visit the sites from time time.
10:11 "HOPE YOU ARE TRYING TO CATCH ME ON THE GAS CHAMBER"That solves the case
Zodiac killer: if Covid-19 was a person
The Zodiac killer will today be 81-96 years old as of 2020 but I think he’s somewhere in his 90s. That for me means that he will most likely have died by now and we’ll never know who he is.
It's Ed Edward
So we made a program to decipher the cipher and it didn't work, so we changed the cipher around until it fit our code and bam, instead of our code not being correct it turns out he actually made spelling mistakes.
I heard about this
What if the rv bomber was the zodiac killer
he was d.b. cooper's pal
12:11
What are trying to imply?
69 nice sorry
Dont forget to correct for misspelling errors with the last 2 codes xD
The thing is he still might be alive he's probably 90 or so
THE HE'LL YOU MEAN IS MADE A SPELLIING MISTAKE
This killer is so smart
you're late on the news and put some original content you loser
I thought they basically knew who it was and he died of some heart condition?
The greatest unsolvable code had a spelling mistake
12:10
Why did I just watch that?
This guys reminds me of the riddler
What am I doing here?
He didn't make a mistake. It's said that he spelt words wrong on purpose.
What if he's dead of covid19?
YAY, now we can catch him
12:16 there you go I just saved your 14 minutes of your life
Cypher best valorant agent
i fricking love this youtube channel.
Mind games at it's finest, something called👉"manipulation"
Me: watching you tube -grandpa walks in Grandpa- you have a pen and paper i need to write a letter💀
Infographics is the zodiac killer
Bruh imagine if the dood just got hit by.a car
We got em
woah
plot twist it was THE infographice show who is the killer
Pinely???
I think they should’ve arrested him
Something tells me it was already cracked a long time ago.
imagine not having ad block kek
9:20 Is it just me, or does Shia LaBeouf look like a discount Sam Blake lol
Right when he just about to revel the secret code a add just pops up
Imagine FBI getting another cypher, which we decode 50 years later, said "I made no mistakes dumbwits"
Ted Cruz be like
The zodiac killer and Ted Bundy would have been a great duo together if they were still alive
2050: oops we've made a mistake sorry everyone
You say in this video that the zodiac killer has spoken again after over half a decade of silence, then go on to say it's been 51 years. You do know a decade is ten years, right? So a half a decade is FIVE years. You are thinking of a CENTURY, which is 100 years. So he has spoken again after half of a CENTURY. Idiot.
Anyone else think he made the misspellings on purpose to make it more difficult?
Or maybe he was just messing with them and wrote doodles
He was just writing his mincraft xyz
The zodiac killer is in my house
You don’t know how long I spent trying to figure out the rips in the thumbnail
69
Santa, tell me if you're really there Don't make me fall in love again If he won't be here next year Santa, tell me if he really cares 'Cause I can't give it all away  If he won't be here next year Feeling Christmas all around And I'm trying to play it cool But it's hard to focus when I see him walking around the room "Let it Snow" is blasting out But I won't get in the mood I'm avoiding every mistletoe until I know It's true love that he thinks of So next Christmas I'm not all alone, boy Santa, tell me if you're really there Don't make me fall in love again  If he won't be here next year Santa, tell me if he really cares 'Cause I can't give it all away  If he won't be here next year I've been down this road before Fell in love on Christmas night But on New Year's Day, I woke up and he wasn't by my side Now I need someone to hold Be my fire in the cold But it's hard to tell if this is just a fling Or if it's true love that he thinks of So next Christmas I'm not all alone, babe Santa, tell me if you're really there Don't make me fall in love again  If he won't be here next year Santa, tell me if he really cares 'Cause I can't give it all away  If he won't be here next year Oh, I wanna have him beside me like oh-oh-oh On the 25th by the fire place, oh-oh-oh But I don't want a new broken heart This year I've got to be smart Oh, baby (Santa, tell me, Santa, tell me) If he will be, if he will be (Santa, tell me, Santa, tell me) Oh-oh-oh Santa, tell me if you're really there (Santa, tell me, 'cause I really care) Don't make me fall in love again  If he won't be here next year Santa, tell me if he really cares (tell me, tell me, boy) 'Cause I can't give it all away  If he won't be here next year Santa, tell me if you're really there (tell me, Santa, baby) Don't make me fall in love again  If he won't be here next year (if he won't be, if he won't be here) Santa, tell me if he really cares (tell me, do you care?) 'Cause I can't give it all away  If he won't be here next year
This is nonsense... Any letter in the cypher has to be an english letter.... Sooooo.... There are tons of super computer, even cheap ones like Nvidia Jet, that can solve this in few days max
IT COULD BE YOU, IT COULD BE ME, IT COULD EVEN BE...
Wow! First Time I see u on trending
What if R Kelly was tha zodiac killer tha whole time
I still can't believe that Redditors are the people who solved the cipher.
12:15
Ted Cruz on suicide watch
Sorry for trolling, but what software did you use to animate this video? Did you have to create each scene and characters or did the software come with stock images.. Tx  By the way the video was great!!
What is the type of code and I will give myself a go at trying to solve it with autistic power
If he’s smart enough to hide himself when he’s alive he’s smart enough to hide himself when he dies.
Whai he’s still alive
And what’s the point now
It was probably a cop
What if he’s watching this right now
que chcha no ablo taka taka
They did ok trying to decipher his code but really it said: kids, don’t forget to take your cyanide pills!    I’m referencing to when he said kids seemed like nice targets.
The woman. Always. Dies.   Why is this??
Pair of Dice.
Imagine him watching this somehow and where just clowin him
They did ok trying to decipher his code but really it said: chug those cyanide pills!
Pov: You thought it was the GTA V mount Gordo theory until you watched the video
Hey you, yeah you reading this comment. How do you know you hadn’t walked past the zodiac killer at some random point of your life?
No point now he probably lived his full life
Imagine insisting you're big brain then making spelling mistakes in your code
They should keep looking for the one where he says his name
Gym
Kira vibes
Where is Robert Langdon (Tom hanks) when u need him
Havent watched the whole video but im guessing its a warning for 2021
Reminds me of a short passage I read in school,  "The Most Dangerous Game" A man is stranded on an island after he was knocked off his yacht. He finds a Russian man who was a hunter, just like him. Turns out he hunts men, "the most dangerous animal"  Gives me chills.
The zodiac in his nursing home is shaking
cyber punk 2077, play now, playstation X○□🔼
I think maybe zodiac killed themself, they said they are scared of death and life is better in the "afterlife". I don't they are still alive.
Congratulations.
Sounds like the show death note and the zodiac killer is Kera (lite) and the detectives r L
5:26 best dance ww
Fun fact: the zodiac killer knew it would take 51 years to solve the cipher
Since Anonymous know everything, why didn't they help the fbi to solve the Cipher? I mean that would be very smart...
3:40 Anyone still remembers that movie?
Whyyyy did ALL the serial killers you talk about do SOMETHING important in 1974? Is it a coincidence or was that just a dangerous time to be alive?
What if the end is supposed to say “in Paradice life is death”?
It’s ted cruz
On today’s episode of “Of *Course* It Happened In 2020”....
"Ted Cruz 2024"
Oh and ever considered that he might be alive during this? Imagine.
Man I learned about his misspelling of paradise from a meme and i feel like that's the most 2020 thing to have happened to me
Who else watched the first episode about the Zodiac killer and then watched this and then skipped the info about Zodiac?
So sad
I am sad
Isn’t the Zodiac killer actually found? He died due a heart attack that’s why they couldn’t arrest him
I borrowed Latin and Greek books? What's the next step?
The team that actually solved the cypher have a youtube channel, I would highly recommend watching their videos over this one not only do they actually describe what they're doing clearly they make it interesting. This video is dull and gets a lot of the details wrong
He spoke again? What now😀
12:16
You konw the time where this Channel had 5-6 minute videos without Advertisements ?
Lets torture him
i though the dude in thumbnail was swaggersouls
Who committed suicide close to that same time? With him not afraid of death he probably committed suicide soon after.
Somehow I think this is all fake.
I have some 2012 Supreme Zodiac Tees on my IG at Perimetergrails
Plot twist. It wasn’t a spelling error or typo, it was intentional, to confuse code breakers, perhaps even foreseeing computers being used and having an insight on how to trip them up.
12:40 He Really Was An Imposter                                                    It took them 51 years to find out he vented...
Cypher revealed 12:10
It kinda upsets me how much attention was put into these codes. Although they could’ve included clues, it was obviously done for attention and pleasure. It seems people gave the killer what he wanted which was relevancy and now he and his codes have been imbued into popular culture. Turns out he wasn’t a genius, but rather a partially illiterate narcissist that deserves to be forgotten.
Gangster's *Paradice*
Why haven't they done DNA from the envelopes the letters were in?
Bruh that's exactly what the code said in the movie and that was in 2007 someone already solved it before 2020
7:29 Fourth killing
zodiac killer exists:  Infographics show: "its free real estate"
5:23 third killing
4:58 cryptogram being read
The FBI is far too busy investigating such mind-numbing hoaxes -like a NASCAR garage’s drawstring, to tackle a case this complex 🤪
Now this is interesting [:)]
3:40 cryptogram
Unless they explain how to decrypt then they haven't really solved it
2:30 another killing
I-
Zodiac killer 1:37
It really took us 51 years to find out that Ted Cruz can’t spell “paradice”
who wants to play Minecraft
I always forget i have premium until the comments complain about the ads 😂😂
Ted Bundy: *Hmmmmm Intresting*
Still waiting on the narrator to breathe
It's looks like the guy is getting road head @2:51
Hello
Imagine tomorrow..  This isn’t exactly the zodiac but his son in his footsteps seems you cracked my father’s code.. congrats but I am different. Your at square 1 still
Am I the only one that’s  noticed more details on the animations 🧐🤔
This is really exciting! We’re getting closer!
Well they never find it
The guy was not some genius and the cipher was not "something special".  It's really easy to make uncrackable ciphers by doing a bunch of random steps to encode the message. This video gives him way too much credit.
And it was cracked by an Australian 😁
Zodiac killer def had ADHD
Anyone else think it looks like he’s leaving clues to his location in some kind of coordinate system?
#4 ON TRENDING
this killer is a coward
The Zodiac Killer must be a Sagittarius
At least he not a sexist
Let me tell you a secret            I AM THE ZODIAC KILLER😈
FINALLY IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS VID!!!
I'm expecing that the Zodiac would probably strike again on New Years Day, bringing 2020 to a close.
12:15 for the message
"The greatest trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did not exist. And just like that- he was gone."
shortened his code was cracked by a team in san francisco  and it basically meant "not afraid of the gas chamber" basically saying being put to death didnt scare him
Got the book just in time!
This is like Jigsaw.
i hate that they never caught him
The code says i just saved a bunch of money by switching to gyco
hi
12:15 Here is what you looking for
Fun fact: The Zodiac Killer could be watching this comment section right now
I know it’s been 51 years to solve the puzzle   But...   Think it’s a quoincidence?   Area 51!  And 51 years to solve it!  Lemme know if you if anything else is cool
the zodiac killer died from COVID-19
Last I checked the English alphabet has 26 letters, Not 25.
It was jimmy Williamsssssssss
He always misspelled paradise
paradiCe, lol    it's paradise
I hope one day we can find out who it is.
Yes
Wooooow
6:43: Nice
Anytime i hear The Zodiac Killer i think of that Criminal Minds episode.
I’m crazy tired right now so maybe I Missed something, how can the code not be broken for 50 years but the guy is mid 20’s
imagine if the code said “you can save 15% or more on car insurance using geico!”
Why didn't they go to the pay phone and trace the dna 🧬??
You notice the guy always survives
Imagine this guy just wrote down a bunch of symbols just to watch people go insane trying decipher it
He was murdered by the Horoscope Slasher
Alan Turing probably could have broken it if he hadn't commit suicide due to the torture the government put him through because he was homosexual
The Killer...  A Cop.. Bro... 🤔
Life is death. Death is life.
I think the policies biggest mistake is giving this guy any attention at all.
14 minutes summed up what most documentaries couldn’t
is it possible for the zodiac killer to be a member of the napa police deparment?
He calls himself a hunter but he doesnt even actually hunt his victims.  He just picks on unaware unarmed ppl
Not harder then the floppy disc in Cold War
😌☺️😎👀☺️👀☺️😊😄😊😜☺️😋👌🏿
And now we will patiently wait 50 more years for the two other codes to be cracked
Hmm
Spelling mistakes?... Wonder if those mistakes correlate to the smaller codes in someway. 1. He made a bigger code with no mistakes.  2. Those "mistakes" made it harder to find a solution. 3. Narcissistic personality that is confident enough to brag about being one step ahead. 4. He's not scared of death so he gonna be a bit riskier with his plays of his game to make it more interesting.  Those mistakes a dupe to give people a false sense of security that he makes mistakes when those mistakes are probably the cypher hidden in plain sight.
Of course, the ppl clapped were from California. That's why I'm always strapped.
Half century not decade....
lil too late for that, no?
6:13 in the subtitles in English it written women and you said men
...
FBI is cracked
Watch dogs 1 and 2 vibes
The thumbnail looks like a skin that should belong in roblox!!!
After all these years we finally find out who the zodiac killer was
Ruh roh
This...what a sick monster
Ted Cruz finally gave it up huh?
Kira?
The Zodiac and Jimmy Hoffa are still laughing at us all these years later for being so easy to fool.
Interesting
I like the cover ups
What if the zodiac had left a clue to the cyphers in his calls to the police? He had to have left something else
From how he speaks in his messages, one could be lead to believe that he practiced some sort of adapted occult practices.
Imagine the code was a rickroll 😆😆😆
Why does this remind me of Riverdale?
The Zodiac Killer is a name I haven't heard in a long time
I was born in 89 and growing up my grandpa used to still warn me about him.
I'm confused. Around 32 seconds in, you state half a decade of silence... which would be 5 years (decade = 10yrs) but we're looking at 51 years later. Half a century would be 50 years. So, did I miss something where there was information 5 years ago, or was it an error in the script?
Joe Biden is the Zodiac Killer.
Watching this at 3:30 AM
Random commenter: It’s in reverse  Decoders: 👁👄👁
They did what?!?!?!?!??!?!??!?!??!?!?!
“No one else has nothing when they reach paradise”      Laughs in Stalin *
I know that one author was so obsessed with him
"Melvin Belly"! A hoot!!!!
12:38 *Send him out the airlock.*
If he had killed in today's age there is no way he would've gotten away with it given how heavily surveillance everything is. Serial killers must have a much harder time now a days - but I think that is one benefit to the loss of privacy. I mean, at least crimes aren't going unaccounted for - for the most part.
Do you mean half a century at 0:30 ?
Zodiac killer or Carmen San Diego
‘mental illness’ nah society just breeds psychopaths. y’all just can’t handle admitting something is wrong with society.
hey there my beautiful brother i thought you would like the last video i made, i would be glad if you take a look.🙏🧡❤️
This reminds me of death note.
I don’t know why we would reward him for “brain power”. Here, ahgjosogjeofneifhbebfir. You’ll never be able to solve what it means, that doesn’t make me smart.
I don't care what nobody say that man did not have a mental illness he was just evil😭
I am the Zodiac
What if Paradice is a real place, instead of Paradise
Nanny ocean. onion niagra earth. Carry any noris. Cole racks andy cody karry. Ingenious tan. (Finf the secret word)
1:56 zodiac from the streets💀
Daily tip: use an ad blocker browser extension
He’s just lucky that L isn’t on the case 🤣
Bro just get Batman on the investigation and boom you're killer is caught
2020 just has all kinds plot twist
he a whole smart dude 🥴
have they made this into a movie yet?! bcos I’ll watch.
Wow... this is incredible!
Conspiracy theory time the zodiac killer is just a made up serial killer to cover up the CIA’s targeted killings of people who knew to much as well as the friends and relatives of the people and this is why they haven’t caught him, after all you can’t catch someone if you keep telling them how you’re going to catch them, but that’s just my conspiracy theory
1:19 I make 191 everyday at.,. *e  z  g  o  o  d  p  a  y*
This dude is sick I hope he gets caught.
Yay!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who else lives in Vallejo?
i ate a Rick Astley
nice video! I did a reaction to the code being cracked om my channel
The zodiac is like 80
#4  on trending btw
“in all likelihood the zodiacs body count is way higher” Sounded a little too excited about that huh?
12:07 Your welcome
One of them was solved, didn’t he have one where he gave away his name if it was solved?   They need to solve that one ASAP!
It's Ted Cruz
This is scary I mean if the zodiac is still alive who knows what he is doing he might be making a comeback holy shet I'm scared😳
Can't believe I watched 14 minutes and 3 ads for information thats been on Wikipedia since I was kid. Way to click bait though
Dude it's so easy to find where the zodiac killer is. He is on earth right now
So nothing new to report,. Great, thanks.
This is awesome
we want change!  the government did not give us! what we gonna do?
12:14   You're welcome
This guy is a legend
It's Bill cypher (if you know you know)
Ya know what??? You should do a “You Vs Bendy” video!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ill have to double check your claim....Dozens of your vids have inaccuracies....Hard to take anything at face value with this channel lol
You are 2 Weeks behind in the news lol
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos✌️Non-Duality
Imagine he's not dead yet and is gonna send the cops a new message
I live by Vallejo and Oakland and I ain’t never know about this and now I’m scared 😭😭
Targeting school kids are unforgivable
Legend says he retired from illegal killing and joined congress to do LEGAL KILLING.
What if he’s the son of the son of the son of the son of litteral iron man
If enyone has seen the litteral iron man video I think I have some theroies
Jeez!!!!!! 822,638 views in just ONE day.................is that a YT record?
Maybe this is a sign we’re going to have a better year
Perhaps it was more than just one person???
Ease up on the adds boys.
Ted Cruz Zodiac Killer
Cool
According to the government trust report, research shows that more than 60% of the American people do not trust the government! We see that more than 60% of the American people refuse to vote in the American general election! They do not trust the government! According to the democratic system, the majority of the American people can hold a referendum to dissolve the present government!
Imagine the zodiac turned out 2 be a member of the police back when he was still relevent
The zodiac after the fbi cracked the code:chuckles I’m in danger
Half a decade? You mean half a century?
Hheheheheheeh he said 68 loo9oooooooooooool funny number
Ted Cruz is so stoked this was finally cracked.
Shouldn’t the fbi be working on the Nashville bomb
Check out my book on my channel
This is just nuts! How has this guy gotten away with this for so freaking long? He'd have to be at least 70 years old by now.
Say, [O Muhammad], "O mankind, indeed I am the Messenger of Allah to you all, [from Him] to whom belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth. There is no deity except Him; He gives life and causes death." So believe in Allah and His Messenger, the unlettered prophet, who believes in Allah and His words, and follow him that you may be guided. Holy Quran 7:158
"He had a 10 1/2 foot print." Is it the tall girl from Netflix?
"This would be the zodiac speaking" is 6 words not 5.
Why is everyone saying Ted Cruz, I thought the actors name was Tom Cruise?
subscribe to my channel!
Ok
Paradise*
51 years that so much
I heard that phrase before that he has enough slaves to work for me when I reach paradise I just don't remember where. Where the slaves are his victims.
his father was a canadian pow in america now wants revenge?///use a mirror with greek letteers to read///he sounds like a muslim///he is sbanish with name caido or caidoz///he is into mytholgy
What if Paradice was the zodiac killer’s name or surname?
I've cracked the Zodiac's code, it states... "be...sure to drink..your ovaltine"  ovaltine? All these murders for a crummy commercial?
Dang, he said his score is 37 and theirs is 0, yet he is only linked to 5 killings.
Theroy  it was a police officer
I love how and surprised 🙀🙀 more cause this is trending #4 in Nepal
12:09 you're welcome
Wow
Still think it’s Ted Cruz 🤷🏼‍♂️
Vasilache_001 instagram
Claim your "here before a millions views" ticket here
6:44 my birthday is September 27😳😳
11:42 wow i just said that,, i was like this guy(the killer) might of messed up weighting the cypher
I watched a movie about the zodiac killer, and the scene where he approached from a distance toward the couple who were sitting under the tree and he enforced the girl to tie her boyfriend's hands behind his back then he tied her hands behind her back while laying on the ground, then the guy funnily asked him show us if you have bullets in your gun and he showed them the magazine of his gun and then he pulled out a big knif and went stabbing them both randomly on their backs, i watched this when i was 15 that was shocking to me, ever since i was intrigued by the zodiac killer character and phenomena.  Also theres an interesting movie about a british serial killer nicknamed BLITZ jason statham played a detective tracking that killer in the movie.
Well this year is full of surprises.
cipher2021
He probably watching dis video
Half a decade of silence. That's 5 years.
The fact that the Zodiac Killer could still be alive scares me
what did i fall asleep to
His deciphered message reads: DONT FORGET TO DRINK YOUR OVALTINE
Zodiac killer is the smartest serial killer you’ll ever hear of he didint think harder he thought smarter
I think it was "the greatest game is life" or something like that     I'll cone back if im wrong
“I know exACtly where you are”
Be Sure To Drink Your Ovaltine
0:53 the five words im thinking is "what the frick is this"
Half a decade is 5 years, you meant half a century right
What if we wake up to news of the 2 teachers and 3 engineers getting killed by an unknown person😳
A FUTURE MILLIONAIRE WILL LIKE THIS COMMENT
Ted Cruz is definitely not not the zodiac killer
Okay
What if none of the murders are actually related and the guy who sent the messages was just bored and did that for fun
imagine if the code was  gieco saves 15 percent off
Remember the press conference law enforcement held about the golden state killer? They did that hoping to increase cooperation by the family members that were found on the dna website. This could be a sign that investigators are making progress with their familial dna research. Drumming up publicity so when they knock on the doors of zodiacs distant relatives, they will be more likely to cooperate... I hope.
69
Paul Stine was the husband of our student teacher . . .   She didn't show up for class the morning after - and then we found out why.
Well done. However we all knew the unsolved ciphers wouldn't help the investigation.
Arthur lee alen was the zodiac. He died from a heart attack in 1991 just right before they were going to bring charges against him. He was picked out of a line up by one of his surviving victems.
Imagine after all of his brutal killings, he winds up dying from like a heart attack
Lol ur late
Dljgm these are the hand signs Maybe he was deaf
"After half a decade if silence"?
What if the spelling of Paradise as "Paradice" isn't a coincidence but a hint or maybe even an anagram?
adblock for the win
The tricky thing about ciphers is that they are documents intended to be read. The killer took pride in his work and passively mocked law enforcement and how "simplistic" they, bold in his confidence to call them just around the block. So maybe for the remaining ciphers, think complex, or beyond reasonable understanding. In other words, instead of looking for clues that make sense, look for the things that dont make sense, as they might be the key.
imagine the zodiac is still aliv ad waching this
𝙷𝚘𝚠 𝚝𝚘 𝚍𝚎𝚕𝚎𝚝𝚎 𝚊𝚕𝚕 𝚊𝚍𝚜 𝚘𝚗 𝚢𝚝 𝚟𝚒𝚍𝚎𝚘𝚜: 𝚂𝚔𝚒𝚙 𝚝𝚘 𝚝𝚑𝚎 𝚎𝚗𝚍 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝚠𝚑𝚎𝚗 𝚒𝚝'𝚜 𝚘𝚟𝚎𝚛 𝚌𝚕𝚒𝚌𝚔 𝚛𝚎𝚠𝚊𝚝𝚌𝚑.
Ted Cruz : Wrong.
12:09 for those that just want to see it
Maybe he had spilt personality disorder. That’s why he said he doesn’t want to die and wasn’t on the show. It was him just another in his mind
He is probably dead
Funny how the government “ finds out info “ in the middle of the most corrupt time in our American government 😂 stay focused folks 300,000 will die and are government is pretty much doing nothing .
i think he is standing outside my window
12:00 this is what you came for and it's 12 minutes in the video . .
The ultimate i got nothing to do during quarantine activity
He probably died and was just planning on revealing him self but never got the chance.
Funny when DNA isn’t still a thing
This is the wrong year to be trying to decipher codes by a murderer
Cracked in Australia you mean.
k so identity wasn’t found, there’s the vid
release a video about the uvb 76 radio station
He was well educated
zodiac plot twist : it wasnt me who made the code
I really believe Donald Gene harden was the zodiac
What I really want to know here and I hope other people ask the same question after he made this computer program to break the cipher how long did it take the computer
In the first one he had a car why didn’t he drive away
11:30 Tombstone: "Do Not Distard" Typo? Obscure reference? SECRET ZODIAC CODE!?
Make them his slaves in the after!?👺👺👺
My assumption is the killer had committed suicide or killed himself for the same reason he was killing, to have his slaves
Is this software openly available?
The Zodiac Symbols will overtime delude your brain and make you debased. Zodiac signs are a product of Satan.
Goes to show how much we overestimate the competence of these agencies. Took them that long
I have a feeling the Zodiac Killers "mistake" was on purpose because he expected them to figure out the code so what better way to make a code harder than purposely messing it up. It's not like he was in a rush to communicate, he enjoyed them having a hard time.
Now apply these guys to the CIA cypher out front of headquarters 🔎😎🤯
POV:zodiac is now watching and thinking-fu*k i made a spelling mistake
I remember getting an assignment in school that was part of this physcos cypher....ended up really enjoying the challenge of a Cypher....glad they finally cracked this, my 7th grade teacher would love this video 😎   You know whats more scary than knowing he is still loose, the fact that anyone can obtain a CHL without acknowledging any mental illness 🔎🇺🇸🙌 that's the REAL scary video material
Just finished the movie.. and this vdo gets uploaded the same day   Coincidence? I think not..
Message revealed at 12:15
Plot twist: The Zodiac Killer is a time traveler who was also Jack the Ripper amongst other names.
*”Ted Cruz liked this video”*
We live in a society
Zodiac could be a group of people
Ok but Happy Holidays to everyone in the comments <3
Pog
I thought the killer said one of his ciphers contained his identity, to further entice the detectives to spend time on it. It’d be a pity if he lied about that. Would also be kinda cowardly given the bravado he displayed. A player should stick to the rules of the game they created.
We did it we solved the code next thing find out who the killer is.
Why I’m I and my crippling anxiety watching this
7:46 jokes aside that’s actually f*cked up man.
I thought he died and admitted he was the killer. His daughter came forward.
Couldn’t spell paradise? Lame.
He may be a killer but at least he is smort.
So hes dead... Right?!
Imagine YouTube without the infographics show
Ssooo are we're  just ignoring the fact that he hasn't confessed yet? Hopefully he's dead an hasn't pussd out
Wow, third trending
Fun fact: banging ur head on a wall burns 150 calories a hour
Interesting. I didn't know that there was still some unsolved messages ^_^  And perhaps. If there is a name involved in the messages, perhaps the computer wouldn't understand that.  Or maybe the words are scrambled.  Interesting stuff ^_^
That famous cross circle symbol is related to the Germans some how how come they never knew that that’s symbol
One thing is 100% certain... he’s white.
Imagine if he is watching now while writing his last letter to the police
So YouTube algorithm brought me so this reminds me of something like hey this a fan theory.
paradise? slaves? sounds familiar.....
I think he’s a police officer 👀
Wow
🤔
if you think about it their might be a religion that links to what he said about the after life and how he will get slaves
Me 37 sfpd 0 37 year old San fansisco police department   0 ? Blood type o? Is there a file or something at San fransisco police department or box number.
Nice
(Whispers) It was jimmy williams
The zodiac might be reading this comment...
Imagien the zodiac killer is watching this video like wow they just now cracked the code took then long enough
That's very scary because I live by lake berryessa
Plot Twist : The Narrator is the Zodiac Killer.
What if you just make intentional mistakes to throw others off? Especially software when a single word changes it.
Zodiac is probably dead by now or is really old
“After half a decade of silence”. Did you mean half a century?
Idk man get a among us youtubers they have iqs of 5000
Face reveal plz
This somewhat reminded me of Red John....     Serial killer in California, always one step ahead...
Ok, I've never understood what this Zodiac killer thing is, I've never heard of it/understood it.
Defeat Imposter won
You ever think you're smart... then you find out about these guys who cracked this code?
I agree with the people complaining about the number of ads. However. I remembered it’s 2020 and Infographics gotta eat too
It's all in the history
What if they solve the cipher then it’s just a link to Rick Roll?
let’s be honest. he’s just a blue hair girl...
3:40 thanks me later
Infographics should start an alternate history series
Did the code say “Drink your ovaltine”....
Like jestin creck fornite my guy😁
what in the criminal minds
Zodiac killer was more than one person one of them being a cop hence his marksmanship another was a professor who studied ancient codes all used to appear omnipresent and why he wore the mask.
I’m surprised that he didn’t drop the nuke after 30
I wonder what the zodiac think of this video.
I think the zodiac was basically a mad genius
The way this is set up he is gonna come back in 2021😂😂
Too much ads guys
The Zodiac may be a Marine.  "when the kiddies come bouncing off" sounds like a cadence from the USMC
cool
The Zodiac killer was a CIA psy-op.
Melvin Belie = "Bel eye"
The zodiac watching this right now.      ♉️👄♉️
The Zodiac is left handed.  His writings slant just like mine.
Turns out the narrator is the zodiac killer
The zodiac killer was smart but not smart enough.Just take out the symbols and rescramble the leters for the second puzzle
I've seen enough David Fincher movies to know where this is going
Imagine if the zodiac killer is watching this
So basically light yagami?
*plot twist, the zodiac killer is actually a group of Taliban consisting of 12 people*
*I am 100% sure that the zodiac killer died during one of the Taliban raids, or he was unknowingly deported lol*
Half a decade? You mean half a century.
*imagine being so legendary and mysterious for several decades to only turned out to be another Allahu Akbar idiot that believe in killing and going to paradise lol*
What if the zodiac killers were actually zodiac killers and now they are scattered across the world years later.and they find out that someone cracked the code but then find out one of them made spelling errors
Event: *Happens one month ago*  Infographics: *Makes video one month later*
Mistakes Even monster have them
Gotta get to the point quicker man, repeated yourself numerous times in a different way too often.
*I cracked the short one. It says "Don't trust chinese people, someday you'll understand."*
The translated code so you don't have to watch the video:  "I AM TED AND I BET I WILL BE THE GOVERNOR OF TEXAS BEFORE YOU CATCH ME!"
Can you please do an episode on Jack the Ripper
google cracked zodiac killer name large pog?
Seeing how much of a troll the zodiac killer is he definitely wouldn’t reveal himself if he died so to not give them the answer.
How old is he
*If you're new here* -----  The Zodiac Killer is the pseudonym of an American serial killer who operated in Northern California from at least the late 1960s to the early 1970s. The unidentified killer originated the name in a series of taunting letters and cards sent to the San Francisco Bay Area press. These letters included four cryptograms.
I’m right across the bridge (about ten minutes) from Vallejo... oof. Sometimes I forget how local the zodiac killer was.
Imagine being one of the victims who actually remembers what the guy looks like.
Maybe the real Zodiac killer... was the friends we made along the way.
What if he’s still alive underground somewhere hooked up to some sort of life support waiting for a protege to find him, like Madara.
How should i believe you you thoght siren head was an scp LIKE AN IDIOT
The Zodiac Killer is probably dead at this point.  He committed these crimes in the late 60s/early 70s.  Even if he was only 20 in 68, he’d be 72 right now.  If 30 he’d be 82.
You know there's a movie on this case, You should watch that movie named ZODIAC
I want to be alive for when the identity of this man is revealed.
wait, the zodiac killer is the infinity killer which is referring to this in gta 5 right ???
I solved it
Combine the two short letters to the long one nd many u will find the killers name
???
Wait I thought it was mark leigh allen
Rate the grind
Have they done the exorcism of Anneliese Michelle?
Hi
Paradice lol
The killer is my great great grandfather the killer is him!
Gaster
Zodiac killer be like : That's not what I said...
It's  kind of scary that there is a small chance that the zodiac killer is still alive.
What if he just wrote random letters lol
He had to work for the government.
Imma check if he is in heaven. 1 second
Excuse me why do I have 400 ads ib this video
This truly was the best video to watch at 3 am
Mental illness is one explanation, but to me this sounds like religious fervour. I mean in my opinion there isn’t much difference between the two but some people seem to think there is.
Fake
COMBINE ALL THE CODES AND SEE IF THERE'S SUM
Zodiac killer: 5 confirmed kills
Benedict Cumberbatch in the Imitation Game? Nahh Benedict Cumberbatch in the Zodiac Game
And all this had to happen in 2020
‘2020 can’t get any worse’ 2020:
Ay what if he’s watching this video?
Did anyone else notice that he only killed couples and always stabbed the female more than male
He could be in this comments section.. 🤔👀🤐
Infographics, pleaseee I’m trying to sleep. You made me interested in this video😫
Hope there's no 'successor' to this killer.
f this to many ads boooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
I think the ciphers were to throw people off till he died
Can u make a video abt the nokas heist? Its a big heist which happened here in norway. It was a very big heist with i think 2 million norwegian kroners.
i wonder how much time it would take for sherlock holmes to solve this one. (I mean if he really existed)
Happy Boxing Day.
Those mistakes were definitely intentional
It is weird to me that people always try to claim the Zodiac was so smart. He was at best average intelligence. He wanted everyone to think he was a brilliant criminal master mind but anything is further from the truth. There were numerous instances where he almost-- got caught but by sheer luck he didn't. The ciphers are an excellent example his level of intelligence. These are his chance to show off to everyone how smart he is and he can't even get them right. The ciphers are chalk full of mistakes. I'd love to see him identified eventually.
Yes it is true they never cuaght the zodiac killer but they actually found out who it was and I think it was a week before his court date he died of some type of disease or illnes And if you want to know the story of the zodiac Netflix has a movie that is based on a true story of the zodiac killer
I have a hypothesis that the police have caught the killer early in December but they don't know.however he is on death row and has been sentenced to the gas chamber
Police were dumb they could of put snipers around ever telephone box
LockPickingLawyer joined the game
The FBI are corrupt trash
It just says "My name is Theodore Cruz." Over and over again.
Chaka PAAAA POW POW POW
red: 12:41
he never sure of his killing, He wanted that we will know everything what he did with the victim
So how did he stop killing
The human brain is fascinating in the scariest ways
H
Your going down ted Cruze
Why when I look at that Zodiac killer logo remind me to Seth Rollin
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! FINALLY
6:42 pepe laugh.
You all know, most crimes are never solved, let alone even discovered.   Where do you think all those missing people go?    Sleep tight friends....
if they have this note, they should research and look at any other notes and suspicious letter from that era and see if they find the similar spelling mistakes.  Seems like the Zodiac was a very low IQ and lowly educated person if he couldn't even spell very simple and basic words right.  And this just shows he wasn't sophisticated at all his code was only unbreakable because he had a lot of mistakes in it basically making it gibberish.
Do a dna test on his letters
12:12 the deciphered letter 😎
I found out
Zodiac could have been a group of people killing not one person....who would have known
David Fincher’s Zodiac is a great film on this
So it couldn't be decyphered not because he was too smart, but rather because he was too dumb?
Did he say half a decade?? Don’t you mean half a century??? A decade is 10 years
Ted Cruz is the zodiac
The man who called and spoke to .....was an imposter.😂😂😂
What if the zodiac killer dressed up as a man but was a woman in disguise.
Imagine he dies before getting found. rip
This is really interesting
51 years, man, the guys a genuis, if he wasent a killer, human society wouldent be as lame. all the people ive seen with frekin 400 iq were in prison and escaped or is a killer and never got caught.
If I have a superpower, instead of being invisible or read minds, I want to know the identities of all the killers of these unsolved cases
It was me
Interesting video, but the humor bits while describing their deaths is in bad taste imo
So are grammar (semantics; spelling) nazis going to stop if they get that, by reading and complaining about a supposed to be sarcastic sentence/phrase, is correct grammar (syntax, meaning from the structure)?  e.g. gRamarr nAzees gunna h8!
I think he was the perfect killer. Killed, Boasted yet never got caught
Doesnt this look like a suicide note?
Co ordinates every time lol left them his exact location
I remember listening to a podcast about a guy who was his son and his mother survived without being killed by him and it gave me the chills though this kid also had a hand drawing of his father
12:15
the video is great but i suggest u to make a video on the 1st nuclear test of india in pokran that is really a interesting story
@0:32 I think you mean “half a century of silence.”
That thing they did by adding known solutions is called a known plaintext attack, it can bring down many ciphers, examples: enigma: broken by known plaintext  XOR repeating key: broken by known plaintext(known part must be longer then key) WEP: cracked by iv reuse
Honestly, I can't wait to tell this to all the kids at school
Give the cyphers to the CoD zombies community
76V5L1AV08L1PVVBL78AP776L18AL18AA7PV08V5CYP7PV8AP7L1VBM3B3L13P76PV08V5VBRCPNVBPVB3V5VB08PVV5L7P776L18A3P9APVV58APVP7PV9AX A7PV :)
Would if the police who cracked it gets another letter saying about time you cracked the code and killings start up again 😅
What if Zodiac killer started streaming the game Among Us then named his channel Corpse Husband....
Imagine Sherlock Holmes exists
10:10 this is if you already know what the zodiac killer is
The code says "I did your mom"
The zodiac killer probably died of natural causes a long time ago
Guess what ?. I just want to meet the Zodiac Killer.
If the zodiac killer is watching this, sup bro
🤫
I guess people had nothing better to do this year
He’s most likely dead by now so what’s the point of still investigating
I think it’s a small group of people who love zodiacs signs
SFPD - San Francisco Police Department
a christmas miracle
Gemetria
They really said the zodiac killer is a troll
Next, the Voynich Manuscript.
Woulda been funny if it said "we've been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty."
Who had Zodiac killer for 2021?
Have you guys covered how modern war rationing would work?
This was so chilling. We can't even say with certainty he's dead.
Zodiac is just irl jhin
Seems if they found it out correctly.
He made those spelling mistakes on purpose maybe
*They don't know*
The zodiac killer was nothing but a narcissistic loser  who thought he was something  great  because he had catch me if you can syndrome   what a creep
The merciful birthday corroboratively yawn because back scilly stare minus a ready letter. wanting, gorgeous use
HE MOST LIKELY DEAD AND WOULD NEVER FIND HIM
Dude go to a channel called deeper then dm me..     you will see what it is and might be the same......
the zodiac killer probably watched this video....
It’s weird most of the male victims lived and most of the female victims died
Well I think by the time they found out who the killer was he would already be dead😂😂😂
Never caught..
Plot Twists, the narrator is the Zodiac Killer.
Little late on the news don’t you think?
After 51 years we finally have it! It is.....        Deez nuts Ha! Got eem
RUN! GET TO DA CHOPPA
Can you please review tesco
I'm always watching the infographics show
So what is his zodiac sign
Waiting for San Francisco News to get another letter saying "took you long enough"
I believe that the guy named Alan was the killer 🤔🤔🤔
My goodness, how many ads are in your videos nowadays, geese
Don’t think he planned on the fbi waiting 51 years years to decipher his message
0:31 Half a decade?  Think you meant century.
This is interesting news for me cause I did a presentation about the Zodiac Killer in high school. I didn't think new information would ever pop up.
Guys he could be among us in the comments right now   Quick who’s sus
Honestly after the last few years the FBI isn't exactly a credible source anymore. I wouldn't be surprised if they tried to say trump is the zodiac
It's Ted Cruz
Wouldn't it be crazy if the Zodiac was still alive and watched this video...
What if all of the letters were from a random person
Zodiac movie
I think Bernie Sanders needs to be looked at a little closer..... Just a hunch....
ted cruz is gettin nervous
Those thick limbs tho
The zodiac killer shouldn’t have returned when Technology has evolved he’ll be found soon
That thumbnail looks like candice while she was singing "E.V.I.L. B.O.Y.S"
What if the zodiac killer had a death note
what I don't understand is why they didn't try the one cypher with his name in it.... that would have broke the case wayyyy easier and if he's still alive you could question him
This is what you came here for  12:15
It's not almost half a decade later it's  half a century later
I think his name is dave jefferson idk why but i have a feeling that it is
Para🎲
Imagine it was just a rick roll
12:17
Mind... Blown
Oh yeah, but who's the imposter?
=0
£500 each way on Earl and Arthur please 😁👍
6:46 69 lol
Just skip to 12:15 if you only want to know what the final message was.
This is how much time we have on our hands
bruh i live in california, imma move now thanks infographics
I bet he just died in a car accident or something like that
Lol, so, the hardest code to decipher was because the so-called master coding made spelling mistakes? What a bummer.  I bet he stopped killing because as he said, he had enough slaves for his paradise already. He probably still out or already dead, but who cares?
They made a cypher. They didn’t solve one. SMH.
Most intense game of among us
It was a ghost
It’s Ted Cruz, right?
Plot twist: the zodiac killer was someone in the police force
Next be Jack the Ripper reveal
This is crazy
Randy Marsh: we shall not finger point, finger pointing will get us nowhere, STEVE
Old news
First they say half a decade at 0:31 then 51 years not even a minute later 😂 they really meant century and not decade.
excuse me what
Is Zodiac Killer best imposter?
So that was fast...
The actual note completley deciphered is at 12:15 Thank me later lol
He misspells paradise.  Very hard for me to believe that someone who lives in California doesn't know how to spell paradise where every other hotel and boulevard has paradise in the name.  I think it's a pun.  A puzzle within the puzzle.  Paradice could mean pair of dice.  Cryptic, could be anything from the name of a restaurant to a statement of his world view that everything is random.  It could be another language like para dice which is close to the spanish words for 'in order to speak.  It could be an anagram.  Whatever he case he likes to write it, he always spells it wrong the same way and he almost certainly knows better.  Paradice may be in the other cyphers, since he repeated it so many times.  I think that's the best clue they have.  Find paradice and you find the Zodiac.
Send him my regards
Why 2021 will be a great year: Me who saw news covid mutate in UK   *Mhmh yea seems legit what a great year*
Ok I’ll come clean    You didn’t get me  I’m smarter than you
Ofc they solve it during quarantine
Would he have really made a mistake in the code without a purpose? I don't think that someone that meticulous would make such a mistake.
This is very big man I wonder who it is
An add almost every 3 minutes. Thanks infographics
Lol
plot twist: The writer of this episode is the Zodiac Killer
It’s crazy how a lot of these events happened in my hometown and how I’ve been to these places before. I used to go to Blue Rock Springs a lot as a kid and participate in church events.
12:16  just to save u some time
Hm
Reminds me of gta v story mode
More challenges
so the zodiac killer could be a muslim extremist?
If it took them this long to solve a puzzle, imagine how long it'll take them to uncover evidence on Hunter Bidens' laptop.
Yes me and the boys have been waiting a long time for this. FBI OPEN UP.....
Chungus
Yah I'm finna watch the movie about it on Netflix
I will never in my life understand what can drive someone crazy enough to do this. I honestly hope the gene pool takes this out one day..
sometimes words aren't commonly misspelled perhaps one of the suspects commonly misspelled only certain words. Examples would be some people of certain foreign births or their parents birth spell things a tad different because of the language barrier English presents.  It's one of the most difficult languages to become fluent in, from what I've been taught.
One day I was pumping gas in Vallejo at a Valero across the street from a cemetery. I was freaked out because I was almost certain he was from Vallejo and likely buried there. But then I remembered that Mac Dre was also from Vallejo so I thizzed my way home
👀
Everybody Gangsta till the Zodiac Killer sends a messege to the police in 3030
This is amazing this guy must have a hella of a high Iq
This is terrifying
You didn't point out that in the decoded letter, he misspelled "paradise" as "paradice" _three times._
Is it me more are there more adds then usual in videos now. This one has like 4
We spend 50 years decoding a message only for the message to just be him bragging about his murders
Sadly my guess that he's probably long dead by now..
Bruh this is trippy. I know that the reason stuff like this happens because when you learn something you can recognize it later, but fr this is absurd. I legit read about the Zodiac Killer like 30 minutes ago for the first time and then immediately got this recommended. Dude. What the heck.
What scares me is how he pulled all this off. In order to get away with this, he would’ve had to been planning this for YEARS. Yes it was the 60s and 70s but still
People act like evil doesnt exist in this world. Sad
12:10 12:10 12:10 12:10 12:10  *if you’re a zodiac sleuth here’s what you came for*
Well this is how 2021 will start
People who know this is probably fake
This guy explains better than my TEACHER...
This is an amazing news
My criminal minds, mind is quaking rn
Wait. Ted Cruz can’t be the zodiac killer. He was born in Dec 1970.
The Zodiac's cyphers were broken in less than a week after they were released…
Kinda suss
the incorrect spelling of paradise has to be a clue.
So, the Zodiac killer was cocky and liked to brag, but was also bad at spelling, I'm going to say he was a high-school dropout... :P
but if the zodiac killer was alive he will be in his 80s and probaly can't even chase his victims
Rip Brodie Lee
The long explanation that explained who the zodiac killer was, which was basically was the whole entire video was completely unnecessary...I’m pretty sure anybody who clicks on this video already knows. Usually I wouldn’t say anything but come on bruh
When they finally arrest the Zodiac Killer I hope they ask him: "What's your sign?"
Im feel like the zodiac killer is schizophrenic because people with schizophrenia can answer a riddle really quick his mind is so powerful that could create the forgotten cipher. But schizophrenics can be really moody and can change from one emotion to another in a matter of seconds.
this couldve been a 3 minute video but cool
*fun fact: you read this*
He said half a decade instead of half a century
i mean im always up for a challenge with puzzles. no matter how mad it get people i like puzzles.
Ted Cruz be shaking in his white hood that the cops are coming for him now
Hmm...
There’s a 1 in 9 million chance that he’s subbed to this channel
Joke question, but also serious. Sorry 😐   Could “he” have waited for this cipher to be cracked to strike again? Did he wait for his other ones to be solved before having another known victim? If so, is there a probability he’ll strike again?  Dun dun dun.
You guys should do a video about Ed Edwards (the serial killer behind the sweetheart murders)
Finally jesus I've known about this for about 4 years
why does the man like the number 69
The zodiac killer probably wasn't just one person.
Guess we'll have to wait for another 50+ years for the remaining cipher to be solved 😂💀
The other codes:  ♧♤~\ ¡◇ •■○|¡♡\|• /[ ♧₩♡~ = We're no strangers to love  ♤》€ }¥♤ ◇°~ |€》•▪︎ °¡○ •¥ •◇ ● = You know the rules and so do I
Kenm
Is this the second page was telling him the name you don't know if it's in a different language do you or no
Bruh they were just trying to kiss bro
Wow 😲
I can just imagine what if they finished it and it read Kira's monologue
How does he even do this lol
He will never be charged as he is most likely dead now. I would not be surprised if that is why the killings stop because he died
trolled
cheery thing to post the day after christmas...
He might have killed himself to go to the afterlife to go to his “paradise”
Nice
What if we incorrectly deciphered it?  Or it doesn't mean anything and he just drew random things to throw us off?
당신은 행운의댓글을 보았습니다. 지금 이 채널의 구독과 이 댓글에 좋아요를 누르고 자신의 소원을 기도한다면 2021년에는 바라는 일이 꼭 이루어질것입니다. 모두 화이팅하십쇼!!
*Everyone else that isnt American:* I place my bet on the Zodiac
could ted Bundy know who the zodiac is? i saw a news article about ted and a girl went missing in 1961 and ted was 14 and lived in California during the zodiac killings?
I would love the zodiac killer to create another puzzle which explain everything all his kills his age his name where he lived if he had any mental illnesses if so what did he have etc before taking his own life. I know this sounds insane but it would be an amazing ending to a real life movie.
Uh no a team in Australia confirmed it....
Quack!
I’m the zodiac killer
I already heard of this off of r/mildlyinteresting like a month ago
For solution.... See 9:54
Ronald Reagan
This is actually mind blowing
Sooooooooooo basically if you want to make a code that's almost uncrackable all you need to do is just put a bunch of random symbols that make no sense and hide actual sentences in them                    The more you know
5:14 "The Zodiac *MAY* also be suffering from mental illnesses."  Ya think?
it's too bad the letters and envelopes weren't preserved better since dna wasnt really a thing then but is now
What if they had more then one killer?????  they might be a cult
Is it just me or does the Zodiac Killer sound like he's taken to the idea of "The Most Dangerous Game"
4:24 we all know that picture where the parent geat and the teacher gear rip apart the child gear but come on your the infographics u should of caught that
Whos to say he didn't make the spelling mistakes on purpose to throw people off
Nice I can’t sleep now, thank you
Ted Cruz sweating
You know his symbol is a cross hairs
So this all happened because one dude wrote "Paradice" instead of "Paradise" ?
■■□□□□■■■□□□□□■■■■■■■□□■□□□■□□□■■■□■□■■□□■
I believe the Zodiac Killer was hired by the government (a professional hitman) to entice fear to people so they can loose focus on the real issues that needed to be resolved during that era.
This guy should be a Dead By Daylight killer.
I love hunting human for fun
Engaging than the movie!
I one day will be like him
Very intriguing
All I Can say to the people who decipher the Zodiac Code ---"Elementary Guys, Elementaryyyy!"
real life among us, GONE WRONG!!!!!
Decipher the weird book with unknown plants and weird trippy creatures... THAT is what I'd like to figure out. Not this. I could barely care, as sad as it is for me to say..
Best way to make an unbreakable cypher is to not make a cypher: have a bunch of symbols without meaning lined up on a piece of paper: a puzzle without a solution is unsolvable. It isn't really a puzzle either...
A maniac or a virtuous killer
When you’re watching this and your grandfather walks in and says: ah the glory days
Zodiac was mysterious, but I think israel keyes was crazier
This can't be real!
Lol with today's technology and surveillance everywhere, nobody's going to be able to escape the law.
I found him
Only took the fbi what almost 50 years? Defund the fbi 😂😂🤣🤣😭😂
6:27 he must have been a real BACKSTABBER
And this is why the death penalty is too soft
Zodiac: "I like killing cause its so much fun"  Right.... he's just a bitter guy that has no lovelife, thats why he likes killing lovers haha BITTERNESS is deadly
MY DAD WAS FRIENDS WITH THE ZODIAC KILLER
Now there two ciphers left to solved
el viejas
We to The Zodiac: "Don't be shy, tell us who u are"
Police and Media concentrated too much on codes rather than beefing up patrolling, surveillance and employing basic police tactics at vulnerable places, which is exactly what I think Zodiac Killer wanted and he succeeded.
paradice
This was insane.
Took them long enough
"All that, just for a crummy letter?"
I wish someone scratch him or had something from him for 🧬 DNA test now... But he gotten away
He probably made the spelling mistakes for that exact reason
Sicilia Sheppard got some guns!
I’ve enjoyed watching the movie like 8 times
almost all your videos are scary... brrr
I’m 100% positive Agent Spencer Reid would’ve cracked all of his ciphers a while ago
Alright Ted Cruz go back to spelling school
Imagine if the cipher is just a whole bunch of memes from the internet.
its crazy cuz he prolly watched this video haha
Am i the only one who caught him say decades instead of centuries
The numbers Mason, what do they mean?
zodiac. top 1 demon. in real life and gd
He is either dead, or laughing in his seat while his grandkids play by the fire.
One of the codebreakers video (from David Oranchak) appears on the recommendations!!!
Do yall think the zodiac killer could be more than one person ?
If he made a mistake in one of his puzzles, he could have made others in the unsolved puzzles
Has anyone ever looked at suicides from the time, or unsolved missing person cases? Maybe the killer committed suicide?
Wht if he watches this and it triggers a killing spree
Finally, Ted Cruz is getting some more publicity
So i guess Zodiac killed his self in a gas chamber
What if zodiac killer is dead?
POV: You're me who watched Zodiac LAST NIGHT
Paradice? Do they mean paradise? Looks like he made another mistake XD
The numbers Mason what do they mean?
O i know him he has died now
by the sound of it the zodiac killer may have a split personality that could be the reason way he called and said he was sick and that he couldn't stop himself from killing others
His name was Alvin Glebe and he passed away 10 years ago
FBI Confirms Zodiac Killer Cypher Has Been Cracked its saids  I'm not the Zodiac Killer!  well thats 51 years well spend i surprise the fbi can catch any criminal
Bill Ayers. Just saying. Do ur homework.
We know it's clickbait... Not all of his puzzles have been solved.
No
Bro he just spoke again
After 51 years the message is finally cracked  the message:  *got em*
5:30 me ans the Boys making a ritual dance next to the food
Little bit too late
Maybe he spoke because he saw the infographics show.
Slaves in paradise, that sounds familiar.
I was just waiting for you to make a video on this....❤️✌️
FBI = Deepstate
He said he wanted to go to Paradise  So it's very likely he is just one of those who committed suicide and everyone thought was normal  And was passed on as another suicide
Tf is this 14 min vid have like 5 ads
It's not that hard to write a cipher though? Even an idiot could do it
Ted Cruz is the zodiac killer
I just realized I’m in San Francisco and it said San Francisco police department... welp better move
6:38 nice
He could make nearly impossible puzzles but couldn’t spell ‘paradise’ correctly
question why was he killing couples?
The guy was Australian that solved it🇦🇺
The zodiac killer watching this👁👄👁
Possible serial killers should be treated 🤔 like possible terrorist. They should be apprehended, watched and harrased. Note they look like any member of the public but there is a profile..
Wasnt it solved by a Teacher and his Wife like months or even days after they were released to the public in the Newspaper in 1969 or so?
Stop giving serial killers cool names media
So zodiac killer and Jack the Ripper possibly solved on year 2020? Nice. December 31 we will prolly know which bible contains the truth ffs
“Drink your Ovaltine”
Interesting case
He was another piece of trash walking this earth.  They're plenty more out there that the cops probably don't know about
Hard of to the investigators to accepting gel from the public by letting the public try the case. Most people would be too cocky and want all the glory
Ok
Smash a few more ads in, why don't ya
Bill cruz
Go straight to the point dude
It’s very satisfying that the video ended at exactly 14:14 😈
They would've caught the zodiac killer at one point but they made a crucial mistake that costed them
It's arther Leigh Adams that the zodiac killer
The zodiac killer is David Michael Koechner . also known as Champ Kind from Anchorman. . Whammy!
It would be funny if the real zodiac killer leaves a comment here and no one would believe him. I am not him btw.
51 year.
one of the biggest problems in my opinion was how popular they made him. he clearly got off on the attention.
I'm the Zodiac Killer!
do people still not understand this is how they cover up cia and fbi hits?
Hey let me make a note and send it to the fbi on how much I don’t care
What if the zodiac killer is an organization or a cult and the "mastermind" is the cult leader who keeps his hands clean?
Anyone knows how to remove fingerprints from paper?
Bruh we don’t even need this, it’s Ted Cruz’s dad 🤣
I was waiting for this to appear!!!
Me living in napa and watching this 🗿
Discovering the identity will be more of a novelty now. He’s dead, if he isn’t he’s 90 and he would be fine with an execution.
I honestly like how he added 69 twice at 6:40
The Zodiac Killer made a mistake in the 340 cypher because he misspelled "paradise". It's not written with a "c".
Zodiac Killer: *ha get bamboozled*
dude I swear I'll never get tired of this amazing smooth animation 7:27
More ads, must have more ads!!!
so if they literally played chess with this they could of cracked it
I did a report on the zodiac in sixth grade. The one thing that has always stuck with me is a letter wherein he says that he will follow a school bus and "pick off the little kiddies as they come bouncing out." Twenty five years later and that phrase is still stuck in my mind. Edit: nm, looks like Infographics covered that letter here in the video. It is so chilling!
Wasn't the whole reason the zodiac wasn't caught was because he didn't know how to solve the cypher himself?
Hi chad
Bruh if Ted Cruz was the killer definitely he looks like the guy that says "that's a lot of damage"
I’m in Australia  HA!
12:16, youre welcome
Makes a video about the zodiac cypher finally being solved. Makes a 14 minute video. Recounts information covered in previous videos. *Only gets to the cypher after 12 minutes.*
Maybe he's still alive.. And at some point he'll give the mask with blood from the victim's to someone Like A deathbed confession or something
Just thinking of the happiness it brought them when they cracked the codes melts my heart
what a time to be alive
Wow
So is it Ted Cruz or not?
Bruhhhhhhh
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
This guy should get better at killing, too many people getting away
It was me grandad, he died in 93 of cancer, he had a hood similar to the description in a bag under his bed, I never clicked it was him until than, Apparently he was never the same after the Korean war, was in and out of trouble before the first killings and sometimes he would disappear for months at a time and all he said he was in Australia
We need to put his DNA in 23 and me rn
At least he has a positive k/D
What
General zardoff
Imagine making a spelling error in a letter but you're 50 years dead.
Why am I watching this at night, I’m terrified
Video starts at 12:18
2021: zodiac killer returns
sounds like he was referencing 'the most dangerous game'
Ted Cruz punching the air rn
So Ted Cruz can’t spell.
That is not a mental illness, that is flawed thinking. Indoctrination.
So this is how they spent their lockdown.. 😁
Is it weird this makes me want to try and create my own cipher? Not to imitate a killer, just because it seems like a fun thought experiment and it could be a collw easy to communicate with friends.
“The code has finally been solved! Here’s what it says!” YouTube: ad time!
Always wondered what he sounded like
5:26 Why is she so buff?!?!?! 😆
If one of them really is his name, then why don't they just get a list of names with the same number of letters, then look for repeating symbols in the code and consider those as repeating letters? Am I missing something?
@12:14 cut to the chase
Ah frick, 2020’s last gift to us this year Edit: who liked at 69 likes TELL ME Edit: A
I wonder if he's still alive to see this
If the 2 students were the zodiac killer, what is their age and were they alive during the killing
Well, they think that zodiac even went outside of the US and came to Italy, in Florence to be exact, thus the name "The monster of Florence" they say that I could be him as the methods of killing were kinda the same, but yet no one knows if they are the same person or two different ones
I know a way to find him we need L
He is probably laughing with that video in his house living last moments in joy LOL
We all know where Ted Cruz
If the zodiac missed paying tax because he was busy killing, it will only take hours before getting arrested lol
I guess 2020 isn't half bad. IT'S MOSTLY BAD
David Fincher needs to make a sequel.
Zodiac is Arthur Leigh Allen
"its only certain that the zodiac killer only killed..."   Little lungs, in a great big world!
Lol he think he going to paradise, that's funny I ain't gonna lie.
Imagine the Cypher had the name of the murderer in it and it gets published and you see the name of your grandfather
The zodiac killer is probably someone you least expect like that sweet little old lady that waves to you from her front porch every morning. She is tutoring her granddaughter in code writing as we speak so she can pick up and continue her grandmother's work.
12:15 is when the video actually gets to the message.
Oops. Looks like you caught me.
Imagine if, tomorrow morning, the police get a note that says -     "So you've finally cracked my code..."
I wanna know how the guy made such a complex code back then without all the technology we have today. He definitely had too much spare time
He claimed 37 victims he was linked to 6. Many of the ones he claimed were in the yesterdays papers. He got off on ego
Hi
I saw the new by inside edition. I think it was cracked by some Australian mathematicians
If the FBI doesn't know what it's said how can they "confirm" it's been cracked.
Its rather Lee Allen. He was the zodiac
12:12 here you go
I'm honestly concerned about this channel's obsession with Serial Killers.
Ted cruz confessed?
I doubt he made spelling mistakes. “Allowing the program to adjust to mistakes” broadens the range too much.
I watched a video inside edition made and yeah they solved it
Holy F I live in the neighboring county from Napa
10:44  69? Nice I am a bot lol
I watched the movie the zodiac killer, in the movie they talked about it being a guy named Arthur. Who passed away before they could arrested him.
Imagine if the zodiac was not a killer he would become the world's greatest cryptographer
How did he know there was going to be a man on the TV show? Even though the letter was written 51 years earlier...
Go to 12:10 seconds if you want to get to the point.
My teachers husband was the cousin of him
Does the symbols used from the past to the latest cypher the same?
that guy look like austin evans
Two ads and over 10 minutes before we actually get any information we didn’t know
What if there are more zodiack killers?
What if the zodiac killer got a stimulus check... Crazy.
i feel like the cipher was made to make people think his identity was all in the cipher
Why the cops in this episode built so thic
Thumbs down because I had to watch 24 unskipable ads
The original zodiac probably died and some copycat trina act.
“7-4-69”  *even the zodiac has a sense of humor...*
My last name is Vallejo the last name originated from california
Plot Twist: Zodiac Killer is D.B Cooper
Ack
Can someone please explain the Ted Cruz meme?
Man Robert downy jr an jake Gyllenhaal we’re great in that movie
Earl van best junior
*“It was number 5, number 5 killed my brother”*
I mean the cypher was absolutely useless though
WHY NOW SERIOUSLY JUST WAIT A WEEK
wow
“ Lover’s Lane” is actually called “The Happy Trail”
:/
"America"
Im 1 k comments
The Zodiac Killer watching this video:  U WERENT SUPPOSED TO DO THAT
The Zodiac Killer, 80+ years old: Age hasn't slowed you down one bit
I live in Napa Valley 🤌
Uhhh, the nashville bomb went off at around 6:30am did any of his other murders take place at that time cause maybe he coming back.
Freaky
12:17, is what those of us who are familiar with this case is looking for, thank me later!🙌🏽🙏🏽
The year they cracked the code 2020 like what
I hope matpat see this
69 Nice
The real cypher was the friends we made along the way.
Based on his personality and constant need for attention making it  highly unlikely the zodiac stopped the messages by choice. As much as it’s not the conclusion we can’t the most plausible case is he was sent to prison for unrelated crimes, or died. Even if the zodiac relocated to another state or even country, it seems unlikely that he wouldn’t continue some sort of identifiable taunting.
One thing to think about is the killer might have been arrested for something else. He also could have ended up in a mental hospital and never let out. It all depends on whether or not such a person would allow their egos to keep them from admitting who they were.
No I know what’s going on, once he gets super old and knows his time is up, he’s gonna announce to the world that he’s the zodiac killer and die the next day
He’s def dead and yeh Oj admitted to killing them in his book
Ladies and Gentlemen, we Got Him.
“Paradice”
i wonder if anyone has thought about could one of the codes that havent been solved be a phone number or an address of some kind it would make sence as he liked to show them he was smarter
Ted Cruz, your end has come
What the Zodiac Killer said about killing people is very reminiscent of what a Mr. Zaroff, a serial killer in the short story "The Most Dangerous Game" by E. Henry says. Both Zodiac and Zaroff call humans the most dangerous thing to hunt. Zaroff makes a sport of hunting down and killing people because he is tired of killing so-called intelligent animals, whom he believes do not warrant the description. Perhaps Zodiac was referencing, or was at least inspired by "The Most Dangerous Game" when he wrote Cryptogram no. 408.
Tv show caller: was an imposter
i wonder if they trued applying the same theory that he made mistakes in spelling
k
Killer of death
zodia killer is bernie sanders
Cracked that complex code to figure out the guy was an idiot.  This guy was so sloppy.  He got incredibly lucky not getting caught.  I bet he ended up in prison eventually on some other charges.
So Ted Cruz was the zodiac before he was born? Man has got skills!
I thought they caught the zodiac killer? Wasn't he a rogue cop in California?
Imagine the zodiac killer is watching this like       👁👄👁
I know who it is
I’m guessing that the “Zodiac” killer isn’t one person but rather a group of people. That is why the can’t catch him.
12:15
Technically well never find out who the real zodiac killer is because overtime so many people have pretended to be him so wether if they do or don't find a name we'll never know
honestly if I had to die I would choose to be killed by the zodiac killer
Quick recap, I got annoyed and just googled it come guys trying to make it over 10 mins for advert money, seriously?
Didn’t the Zodiac say that this letter had his name on it?
Early
It was me, sorry about that.
Didn’t someone else claim they’d cracked it a couple of years ago and the message was completely different?
251
Zodiac killer is Izaya Orihara.
I’m the zodiac killer
What if the Zodiac Killer is dead.
Why do I feel this story would make a great movie when they get justice?
Probably dead. Why would he wait? If he believes in this paradise, why wouldn’t he want to go ASAP? Especially since ‘he has enough slaves’. I assume he took his own life after he killed (or believed he killed) enough people. I don’t think he’d wait for the cops to figure it out.
That's a long "i" in Belli. Not belly, bell i .
Anyone with an IQ over room temp already knows the zodiac killer was associated with the police or FBI most definitely in some way. Duh.
Somewhere in Texas Ted Cruz is sweating profusely
What if the Zodiac Killer just put random symbols he made up on the spot and this dude is just rolling in his grave right now
Zodiac aka paper grocery bag head killer😂
Only one of the cyphers was decoded. There are still a few others and one apparently has his real name and that is what they are working on next using the stuff they learned from this one.
Finally
Witch he deserves the geuten
It was theorized that the last lines "...my new life is life will be.." is incorrect. The placement of "life is" is meant to go before death. Meaning "..my new life will be an easy one, in paradise life is death."
They are giving this guy too much credit. Its like trying to make sense out of the word salad of a schizophrenic
This person did not make a mistake. It is clear he has an high intelligence, might have worked or studied the police force or federal law enforcement.  I thought it might have been Joseph James DeAngelo.
Ross Sullivan is the zodiac type his name into Google he is a dead ringer for the police sketch drawing plus he took a class in cryptology which matches the zodiac cypher codes perfectly plus he knew the 1st victim cheri jo bates when they were working in the library together ross Sullivan drove the exact same vw beetle as her someone had Tampered with her fuel sump so she couldn't drive home the zodiac offered her a lift in his car b4 murdering her ... 1 month later cheri jo bates's best friend said that someone tampered with her car but managed to drive off when she saw ross sullivan coming out of the bushes heading towards her she is 100% convinced along with sullivans own brother that ross is the zodiac killer look him up on Google you will see a perfect resemblance to the sketch
The zodiac killer would be around 80+ years old by now. Given the life expectancy rate in the US is ~78 years old. He is probably dead by now. For all we know, he could've stopped killing and started a family OR he moved and started killing in other countries. It's unlikely but given how smart he was, he might have also changed how he kills people.
But I thought the zodiac had already clarified he wasn't the one from the TV show, I remember I saw it somewhere...
The Zodiac is just Trollface...  Hehehe I killed another couple! U MAD?
😳😳😳
It was cracked by an Australian universityb
Don’t listen to this and hop in the shower. You’ll end up listening to a ten minute ad instead 👎🏻
E
Just so you know, this is legit. No clickbait here. Thanks! Fr
He vanished without a trace, he either lived in a rented apartments or secluded area. Imagine if he ceased to exist because he got gotted by his victim while he's out for more body in the middle of nowhere.
Ted Cruz: 😶
Sounds like the Zodiac was once part of the intelligence community.
Psychopathic killer: I AM A GENIUS! NOBODY IS SUPERIOR TO ME! Also psychopathic killer: _makes spelling errors_
Crazy story
I wonder what ever happened to DB Cooper
His sudden stop, without announcing to the police that he was stopping and they would therefore never catch him seems unlikely. So did he get caught for something else and got a long enough prison sentence that he died (or was too old when released)? Personally I think his sudden stop was due to him dying suddenly (or having a major life changing accident that meant he had to stop suddenly).
Use the already discovered words to help break it.  How was that not tried before rewriting the text diangonly?
Fu get to the point! I don't need a history you already got a video about it.
Merry late Christmas
He was a cop. This is why the police never caught him.
Half a decade of silence...or half a century?  🤔
Cheated on her husband - dead Man loyal af - alive  *thank u zodiac* 😂😂😂
The thing is... this killer is probably still alive. If he was around 20-30 years old in the 1970 then he is around 70-80 Years old.
What
Coward lied about putting his name in it.
I honestly wonder would the statue of limitations apply to the zodiac killer or jack the ripper
How would they get finger prints off the telephone if he had gloves on
DB Cooper = Zodiac Killer
This zodiac thing seems like solving a really hard sudoku
I play min waft
It’s sad because of some incompetence from police and if they had more advanced technology
I'm dumbfounded
There was a bombing in Nashville yesterday....
the guy is prob like 70 years old
So the Zodiac Killer suffers from the same issue that anyone with a Twitter account does, when your most famous message ends up having errors of misspelling and you can’t edit it, so you must live with the shame of forever knowing that you can’t spell “paradise” correctly.
What if the Zodiac Killer just killed because they hated str8 ppl? 👀 I mean imagine how tired we are today of them. Now imagine how much more tiring it was back then. 👁️
14 years it took these people to solve that code. Most would have given up within a few months. I'd rather be surrounded by a few people who can do the impossible than hundreds who can do well enough.
Me and my mom are going to california next summer wish us luck🤞
He should be called the riddler
If back then was now he would of been caught easily
Man this graphic is legit
Maybe zodiac was jewish?
What about Joe Biden's laptop
It was Barbara Bush.
FBI: "We've cracked the Zodiac Cypher!" Also FBI: "We're gonna sit on the evidence and take our time on the investigation for the Nashville bombing."
And in the deciphering he spelled "paradise " incorrectly every time..thats what threw the FBI off
There best chance was in San Francisco but they let him go.
2020 endless year with unbelievable surprises
Why did the 2nd man look like the (from what I've seen)  sketch of the zodiac killer 👁️👄👁️
I think the zodiac killer might actually be a cult or something but idk
HOW WAS THIS NOT HUGE NEWS
Why does this remind me of Death Note?🧐
the zodiac killer was Ted Cruise all along
This cyber team must be from the guys who cracked the Cicada stuff
All the work for some some insane rambling in code. Kinda anti-climactic. Still interesting.
When you realize that the most famous American killer cant spell "paradise"
Finally
Wow the picture of me on the thumbnail is really accurate
And now we have the resurrection of the Zodiac in 2020.
Imagine if the zodiac killer is watching this now
Next is black dahlia
Ted cruz is the zodiac killer
You know, I wouldn't be surprised if the killer made those mistakes on purpose.
I've thought about making a secret code for years. I incorporated unusual spellings n slang but never did any hard research to see if my ideas would make sense. Sadly, I'm not a killer or a spy andno one wants to play this game with me, so i never finished the idea. PEACE
12:41 the word imposter changed forever
12:09 is what you came for
The real geniuses were the guys who not only cracked the cypher, but corrected its mistakes too. Too bad the killer wasn't brought to justice.
Finna imagin him making an account just to go 'I didnt make any spelling mistakes >:0'
Kira, he is Kira
Zodiac's Cypher being solved   Zodiac killer: DAME DA NEE
Top 3 suspects for Zodiac to me is: Arthur Leigh Allen Lawrence Kane Richard Gaikowski  Also Zodiac could have been another serial killer known as "Sandy"
Im pretty sure the zodiac killer is already dead.
Fifty years too late
Wow
I believe he's talking about the most dangerous game book that I read a long time ago in english class
Guessing before I watch that this thumbnail is bull. Lets find out.
L from death note would’ve probably solved it fairly quick 😅
ITS NOT THE YEAR FOR IT UNCRACK THE CODE
The dislikes are from the zodiac killer
Gamer moment
Spoiler Alert: The Zodiac Killer is now a senator in Texas.
this is why:                We're no strangers to love You know the rules and so do I A full commitment's what I'm thinking of You wouldn't get this from any other guy  I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling Gotta make you understand  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but you're too shy to say it Inside we both know what's been going on We know the game and we're gonna play it  And if you ask me how I'm feeling Don't tell me you're too blind to see  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  No, I'm never gonna give you up No, I'm never gonna let you down No, I'll never run around and hurt you Never, ever desert you  We've known each other for so long Your heart's been aching but  Never gonna give you up Never gonna let you down Never gonna run around and desert you Never gonna make you cry Never gonna say goodbye Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you  No, I'm never gonna give you up No, I'm never gonna let you down No, I'll never run around and hurt you I'll never, ever desert you
Got a problem? Get the internet on it. Infinite time, infinite resources
I love this
its really weird he never showed his identity. He probably wanted to die as the famous zodiac killer. I think he died suddenly and thats why he never wrote another letter or showed his identity.
you know what's scary is that this dude is probably a grandfather by now
BTK believed the same thing about his victims
1:00 "he was playing with the cops,  he was needling them, *trolling*"  "le cops have found me, but the fingerprints are unrecognizable, because i cover myself in oil"
penguin0 solved it
You're laughing, the Zodiac Killer can't spell paradise and you're laughing
imagine the code is a rick role
I
Ted Cruz must be sweating right now.
this channel iritates me but its an interesting topic
Imagine there’s another Zodiac killing because of this
comment no° 666 B)
Finnaly...
Uhhh..his victims are couple/ look like couples
If this crime happened in 2020, this would have been much easier with the new technology
Ok first going to watch the film on Netflix and then going to watch this video
I appreciate so much that this video is in animation so I can actually watch it right now in my bed at night😆
Thx for the chills 👍
Now we know his posiible motive, and that he is mentally deranged, but why did he choose the demographic he chose?? The only known victim that didn't fit the MO was Stine, a middle-aged taxi driver. That probably shows us that he killed him as he was slowing him down on his 'mission' whilst the rest were (to him) 'prey'. That's my opinion based on current evidence, but itlk change should anything new come up. For now though we must have the victims' names be heard, and justice come to their loved ones, however we can.
Video Idea: What if you actually cut the red wire on a bomb
12:41 Am0nG uS ReVeErenCe
It’s highly likely he’s dead by now.
this is what happens when someone gets too obsessed with zodiac signs
When we get key png
You find a paper with a cypher  What will you do A. Cypher the cypher B. Quit  C. Stab the paper with a key D. Get the wrong cypher Comment below don't cheat             Answer: C
Certain People: I'm going to be buried with these objects so I take them in the after life! Zodiac: Slaves take it or leave it.
I saw a similar video get attention about this a week ago and something I think is amazing is that an artist called SCARLET released her first album with a song about the Zodiac a few months before this cypher was broken
How old is he supposed to be now
He could be watching never know
Really smart man, shame hes an idiot.
4th k like woo
Finally they cracked my symbols.
Birth of Jesus ?
Why can’t they use today’s Quantum computers?
Hello there
Dude, imagine evading the police and being considered a super genius for over half a century because you forgot the difference between, "you're" and "your."
Zodiac killer in his 90's watching this: *interesting*
Me watching ahs* 👁👄👁
mordekaiser
It's ok he will never ever get away from gods punishment.he would have got life in prison on earth or the death sentence but wher he will b for eternity he will PAY for what he did.daily and painfully.unimaginable pain and torture.
Ok
0:30 dont you mean half a century
Dat man is gon be dead by 2025-2030 cuz dats 51 years and if he was in his 20s he is 70 some by now and if any higher he a dead man
“Ladies and gentlemen, we got him”
YES!!!!!
Could Genealogy DNA tech solve this?
Every heard of deep dark web or ancient books?  It almost has every single cryption wording that is obviously used & created for easier understanding in learning other than creating you own lettering into a new "langauge"
Maybe... he spelled words wrong to throw everyone off which seemed to work... 51yrs is along time
Wait how do they know that the decipher is correct
Be late on it mate
I mean that's cool but like I think people only care on what he looks like
Nobody  Zodiac killer: places link to Rick roll in letter
Bro 5:30
Just watched american horror and they was just talking bout this zodiac Killer know two season's 5 and 7
Hed be on his 70s to 90s now, think he is watching this?
Yes we are very happy with the end result of this case.
Zodiac killer: Hello FBI I want to play a game
Great ad placement.
zodiac ftw :D
Lol, just watched the other of your videos about the Zodiac and then this video popped up :D  But interessting how long this really went on and how many people really wanted to find out what was in there - just shows, people love puzzles.
he's was in the military I bet
Hi
Me: he kills people of the zodiac sign he hates the most Also me: nvm that’s not it 😭
You so know the FBI was butthurt after that
Paradise was spelt wrong lol
The paper could have finger prints from zodiac
I think he is still alive and he will reveal him self in his will he is to Narcissist to die unknown
I can’t believe they finally cracked the code after 51 years this guy is interesting and how did he keep his identity so secret I feel like they could have caught him sooner if they really tried
Maybe the typo(s) was intentional to obfuscate the solution. The remaining might have similar "mistakes." Try putting the remaining ciphers into grids of various sizes.  Just a few random thoughts.
This is a very complex ARG.
If only we had reddit back then
Nobody: The Zodiac killer watching this: 👁👄👁
Bit late
2020 getting a to crazy end, huh?
Zodiac Killer was the teacher who solved the first cipher in the first place. Think about it
Took them 51 years now I want to see Jack the Ripper case get solved
Me: *Ignores a crazy Girl* Girl: But I'm a Libra so I'm Nice!
zodiac was the imposter
Man, Get back to me when they actually catch the zodiac killer 🤧
Me and my friend were talking about this when it was deciphered and talked about how he made a spelling mistake in paradice so it's either a cult or what if it's a casino. Paradice pair of dice. I actually googled paradice casino but there's only one in Iowa. Still cool though
Maybe the three men got bored and said hey lets just try this. I mean its 2020
plot twist the ones who cracked the code are the perps
Imagine if the message was “this message is sponsored by raid shadow legends”
The Zodiac killer probably had grandchildren and then died or is still alive but I doubt that
We knew who the Zodiac killer was back in 2016, even tried running for president....oh the audacity
wow, now I really want to know who he is :( but... it doesn't mean we won't find out :)
The zodiac code was cracked and it's a 50 year old shitpost.
Yayyyyyy
Beans²
Imagine if the zodiac is watching now...
to be honest though literally anyone can create an unbreakable cipher
me after watching this video: goes to my friend's book collection and reads every single thing there is about codes
11:20 *Zodiac_Killer was the imposter.*
It's depressing that there are many other codes that are not cracked yet.
Zodiac killer: creates uncrackable cypher The fbi: this little maneuver is gonna cost us 51 years
Zodiac killer is/was the cia...
And it turns out the cypher is really the secret recipe for KFC chicken
CAPPPPPP my auntie said it ain’t real
I can't help but wonder if this recent bombing was the zodiac. The cipher that floowed this one was a bomb cipher. I know its not at all likely because its been something like 50 years since his last crime and he's probably dead. But still it is an interesting coincidences since it happened only 2 weeks after his cipher was cracked.
I love Jeffery dahmer and Ted Bundy were bad. This guy is insane
Dude he would probably be around  70-80s today
YJOD OD S ESDYR PG YOQR. MP PMR EOZZ RBRT VTSVL YJOD VPFR
Early squad
Half a decade? Did you mean century?
His other cypher says "COVID was me, and so was Trump."
who hurt this guy? always targeting young couples...
Who ever solved this they are L incarnate
"i hope you get cancer" me fishing: *ok.*
12:16 is what your looking for. Thank me later
At least we know what it’s like for wild animals when we hunt them for sport now.
We can all just wait until the day he admits to everything. He has nothing to lose and wants to brag about ir
They never found him because of his stand
If you're curious I stopped watching after the 5th ad break in 3 minutes.
pure geniuses r always evil
Don't ask us how, no questions....
The zodiac killer obviously was not given attention as a child. Resulting in a hatred for natural relationships. This is seen in his victims taking out his anger on them due to his own short comings. The fact he isn't afraid of shooting people in their backs means there's a disconnect somewhere within his own humanity. He feels isolated from society which could be why he enjoyed doing what he did.
ah they cracked my code
Djsjsjsisjeisjeisjeisjeusjeysjeysjeusjeusjeusjeusjeusjeusjeejsujesuejsuejsuejsuejsuuejsuejsuejsuejsujesujeusjeusjeusjeusjeusjeusjeusuejsuejsuejsuejsueusuejsuejeusjeusjeusjeusjeusjeuejesuuejeuejeujeusjeusjeusjeusje
what if there isn't a zodiac killer, but there were 2 people. One who killed and the other who created those encrypted messages
Ahh the glory days.
Even I gave a go at this once. Of course I assumed that I probably wouldn't be able to do it. Just an idea for a fun weekend.
54mins
bout time
Every religious person believes that they will be able to have 'fun'  in the afterlife-you're right though he was delusional!
I think it’s strange he never revealed himself, he was extremely boastful and cocky, those types normally want their credit, he probably had intended to reveal himself at some point but died suddenly somehow.
This is a true slasher movie
Paradice?  Unless that was a deliberate mistake it certainly is something for the FBI to work on.
Well that took a while
I always thought it had to have been someone on the inside, someone who worked in law enforcement.
Imagine if the message was "it's just a prank bro"
Lol
Hooray for the person who cracked it! Give them 1 million bucks! I mean it!
Ladies and gentelmen. we got'em
The Zodiac Killer watching this:  👁️👄👁️
The zodiac probably intended for his encryption to never be cracked, that's probably why he intentionally made some spelling mistakes
It was jimmy Williams.
Do you think this channel is just like Ghostbusters
YEA BOI IM THE 402 COMMENT YEAAA
Just saw this movie 2 days ago. If you haven’t seen it Zodiac is a great watch
Hey guys ik this has nothing to do with it but I’m trying to learn how to Ollie my first skateboard wish me luck and give me tips if you have them
Light Yagami: i'm the smartest serial killer.  THE ZODIAC: OBSERVE...
The zodiac killer is one of those stories that actually scares me. They never caught him and even though he’s most likely dead, the fact he never revealed himself is just crazy.
Too soon
This was so interesting and I'm happy the code was cracked. FYI it's Marvin "Bell-Eye", not Belly. LOL
The deciphered message is a resurrection spell.
Didn't the Zodiac say that if they could figure out the cypher that they would know who he was? Maybe I am confusing it with a different case, but it doesn't seem to lead us any closer to knowing who he is.
This guy is still lying to get views bro do something real or dont do it at all
I dont think ive ever been this early to a infographicshow video
Well just a fool...
It has been solved. But who is the one behind it. NOBODY KNOWS
"Be sure to drink your Ovaltine."
n
Wow they figured out the code after? Like 30yrs
Well this is a small case to solve but Investigation didn't find any clue how to solve ?? A.I can solve this but geniuses humans can't. Why this murders is so important to them ..
The Authorities have his DNA, from stamps and several letters.  Just a matter of time...
You only spent 30 seconds on the actual zodiac code!
The story at the beginning made me so sad :(
I'm glad that they finally have proof to arrest Ted Cruz.
I am the spidiac killer I have just killed a spider....😑😑😑
Well its about time
I am the Zodiac Killer
I can bet that there is nothing new since last time when they made a video about him
Well at last they didn't find the killer and still they are confused what yo do  ..
this is just crazy
This feels like death note without l or near
Big bruh
There was years of cranking and now they crank that message, it was like the first one they should have known
IDK why they’re still trying to find him, we all know it’s Ted Cruz
i believe he was killed by the police or FBI secretly to avenge the embarasement of how he would mock them lol or he just died of old age i guess
DON’T FORGET TO DRINK YOUR OVALTINE. It was a crummy commercial all along.
Who cares about that now that guy is dead shame on those guys who got killed amen I wish bad people didn't exist
Finally they translated my letter
Is it really even worth catching the zodiac by now? He's at least 71 years old if he started killing at 20. And if he started killing later he's probably dead
Clickbait, without watching I already know this is about that rescent case of amateurs. Now fbi confirms. Ok move on.
Here we go again Aw ye
Melvin Belli...pronounced "Bell-eye", not "Belly".
I challenge u like this video. If not,u are scared of me. If u not scared and not like,please comment
Eating a burger with no honey mustard
Infographics Show will pin me cuz I'm the zodiac killer
That kinda looks like a celtic cross doesnt it
Why did the thumbnail make the Zodiac Killer look like the "Unknown Comic" from The Gong Show?
Unfortunately Ted Cruz is still on the loose.
I feel dumb after looking at the cipher and the gibberish
This is my friend the zodiac he’s taken and his code is cracked my guy
Zodiac killer is most likey dead there no sense for him to stop playing with the cops or killing
Ted Cruz in shambles.
If hope you're trying to catch me was a thing that shown some of what the first one that was impossibly to solve then why don't they try it on the new 2 ones
Earlyyy
me: *chilling while listening to the places the zodiac killer killed* vid: "...california.." me: O-O i live in CA
Imagine creating a big cipher which is planned to confuse the world long after you're gone only to find out you made spelling mistakes
*Zodiac on his death bed at 99 years old* *coughing* "So... they've finally done it, huh?" *coughing* *DIES*
Spoiler.. it's Robert Downey Jr
It’s true
1:23 chilling message = freezer =stonks
Funny part is Zodiac could be watching this and we wouldn’t know
Maybe 2020 has a happy ending
I'm the zodiac killer so please subscribe 🗡🤷‍♂️
Hi b***
He probably died long ago 🤷‍♀️
Ted Cruz approves this video
I MADE A MISTAKE IN MY CODE ?!
What does it say, what does it say!?  Cypher: be sure to drink your ovaltine
🙄I shouldn’t watch these things at 3 a.m.
if this was in 1960s then i think today he may be too old
Add a public comment...
For some reason when I heard the name Faraday I just thought of Christ Pratt XD
E
Melvin "Belly"??
If ghosts existed why couldn't they just haunt persom that killed them
Only we don't know who he is
When you realize that it took them 14 years to break the code, and the video is also 14 minutes and 14 seconds long
Reeeeee am i rigt
They almost caught him so many times .. so sad
Wasn't it most likely Arthur Leigh Allen? He took Zodiac from his watch, his most favorite book was "The Most Dangerous Game", and he was incarcerated during the inactive periods of The Zodiac Killer's murders?
Commenting because I love your content. Gave it a thumbs down because those don't affect your channel and YouTube  gave it too many annoying commercials
I guarantee somebody is copying catting as we speak. Just didnt get the attention yet
there's also a cypher that he wrote that, when cracked, gives you his name. if these guys can find that out, the most elusive serial killer in American history can possibly be identified. however, there is also a high chance that the zodiac is now dead.  edit: i personally believe that the zodiac is arthur leigh allen. there is a lot of evidence that points to him, however there is another suspect that is almost 100% not true, but i find it fascinating, and that is, get this, the UNABOMBER, aka, ted kaczynski. if this is true, he will be a sort of know-unknown killer, because he killed 3 people by being the unabomber, but the zodiac is said to of killed up to 37 people. that would have to be a sick person, taking the lives of 40 other innocent humans.
Wow those elites can even cracked the mistaken codes, bravo!
How old is the zodiac killer is he 70+ years old ? Really think about it
There is a chance he is watching this video ._.
That was interesting because if we do figure out who’s the zodiac killer is he’ll be dead by then but if we do it now we could be able to get him to say he’s the killer and we will now he did the murders that he did.
12:15
This man is the real Riddler
use a quantom computer
FBI and CIA : Spies on literally every American  Also FBI and CIA : can’t even find a trace of one crazy serial killer :/
5:15 "the zodiac might also be suffering from mental illnesses" ah yes the floor here is made out of floor
Hold up if it’s been like 51 years the zodiac killer 1)is an old person 2)he died of old age
The thumbnail for this video is priceless
Some of these infographic videos do not need to be as long as they are just to answer a question.
This is... Scary...
Ted cruse is the zodiac killer
Mmm...
Wow this all just blows my mind
after what 50 years they finally figured it out
215
19th comment
2020 sure is something
Oof
Yeah I saw it last week its actually cool.
For some reason the thumbnail reminded me of the killer bean movie
6:30 should of just rushed him it's obvious you're going to get killed regardless if you don't
12:12 letter deciphered, you're welcome
It’s only a matter of time before the Zodiac comments...
Melvin Belli's last name is pronounced "Bell-eye", not "Bell-ee".
🧑🏻‍✈️
Me watching this in front of my dad and little brother 👁👄👁
Found The Zodiac    Zodiac 🗿
🧑🏻‍💻
51 years for this. SMDH. Zodiac is the biggest troll ever!
I watched the zodiac episode like 30 minutes ago lol, what a coincidence 👁️👄👁️
i used to watch this channel 1 year ago . Now i randomly get this video and im happy
🤔
😃 kwanzaa
When i heard of body count i think of something else.
What we all been waiting for >:)
155th abahahhahaha 69 ahahahha  420 ahab
😳
Anyone thinking where HE is Rn rnn!?
Yes finally they did I've been waiting oh so long for this :)
This is definitely a Christmas content
🤔
It's Ted Cruz!
Wouldn't it been funny if the cipher was simply his grocery list??? 😌😌😌
Do a video about the unabomber.
The truth is I am the Zodiac killer. After my crime spree, I covered up my tracks and moved to Denmark. You'll never find me.
Hey guys, make sure to thank the amateur cryptographers, were it not for their dedication, we would not see the answer to solving this puzzle!
🧐
My second favourite after the Son of Sam. It was very intelligent of the couple based on the way they cyphered the code! Thank you, this was extremely interesting!🤝
Your 😎
i just wanna say im not first
pog?
When you see videos in the first 5 minutes
🤯
So the zodiac killer just sent a new letter???
Cya guys in 10 years
Finally.....
Holy mother of bacon, this is INCREDIBLE news! I am absolutely riveted. Also, I really like the swooshy transitions in this video. Kudos to the editor and animator.
Am I ok- I think i'm early and there is 156 comments with 125 views-
Bbbggg
It's highly likely that the zodiac killer got arrested and died in prison and just never admitted he was the zodiac killer
Oof
Bet $10 infographic won't like this comment
I honestly never thought this would happen—
imagine if if the code was a rickroll XD
lesson learned: stop going to dark places to make out
Whoever disliked is a zodiac killer lover
Why does everyone call it a him?
Imagine if it was a link to a rick roll
I watched the movie on the Zodiac Killer on Netflix and was attached to the case since then. Very interesting
Hey Infographics Show how do people know how to sleep?
merry christmas :)
100th comment
Wait why is he called the zodiac killer is it because he has all the zodiac signs?and one of you didn’t like who is it!?
Wow
Hi how did EVERYONE'S CHRISTMAS Go?
Zodiac!
Early gang
Does it always have to be the FBI investigating the FBI? LOL
This is me when a girl is obsessed with zodiac signs
last time I was this early my wife left me
sup
Wow I am earlyish
This is definetly the earliest I’ve ever been
They should of left it to the imagination cause finding out what it meant was underwhelming to say the least.
Everybody reading this hates me 🗣🤣😍😘
People have already disliked before watching 1 minute
It’s *definitely* not me! ZIM IS NO ZODIAC KILLER!
On an unrelated note my wife's boyfriend said I could stay up late :)
FINALLY
Hey
poo hole
When come 33 seconds after this video came out
Hi
Infographics is the best like if you agree
First Listened to this story on the Rotten Mango Podcast on Spotify so I had to click as soon as I seen this title
Wow🔥
Hi
Zodiac killer killed lovers cause he was jealous
This is like 3 weeks old news
hi
I have never been this early I always am like 20 minutes late lol
First
No no no no no
Merry belated Christmas
Quality vid
12 viewer
ted cruz is big mad right now
I love the vids keep them coming
Finally  Next solved case: Dan Cooper?
View nbr 12
What if he is from the future
Zodiac Killer: I am inevitable   FBI: n o
Zodiac killer was probs the smartest dude on Earth
This is the earliest I've ever been
N O I C E
Yes
E
BENIS
Ladies and gentlemen We got em.
Epic,get nae nae'd
early 😮🥰😋😹😸🤭🤦🏼‍♀️☃️☃️😸☃️🤦🏼‍♀️😹🤦🏼‍♀️🥰
took them long enough...
Hey
Imagine if the message was just a huge troll
Hi
pog
It's so weird how I just looked up the zodiac sign for April 22nd and this pops up suspicious...
First
Merry Christmas everyone
Never clicked quicker!!!
Wh1plash has been here     Wh1plash has spoken
Infographic show really loves their serial killers.
i was7th
Me when I see someone in the woods 👀
1st
finally??
is this real
First
Hello
Hi
REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Wow I am early
call of duty cold war
Ooof
Pog
I've been waiting for this for years
Its true I killed them
Hi
First
Nice
5th
Pog
Very early!
Fordt
1st
5th
l
POG
*To the Early Squad Reading This: sending Virtual hugs to everyone who needs it. Always stay safe read my name🐥*
1st
Early!!
