Asshole grandiose consultant meets dorky nerds. I laughed so much more than I should have. This is genius. 😂
Jay looks like such a tool with that wig
Howerton would make a great Steve Jobs
Z30 and Leap were the last phone I truly enjoyed.  BlackBerry Hub was awesome  We need these phones back, I’d buy any BlackBerry back in a heartbeat over today’s devices  Think, it was around the time blackberry stopped making phones, that society started getting sucked into heavy phone usage, dominated by the Duopoly of android and Apple.
I owned a Blackberry Playbook and it was AHEAD of its time. Idk why they didn't just focused on that
Hes untethered and his rage knows no bounds!
Glenn fucking howrton
1:09 They cut him calling it a Blackberry in the movie.
This certainly gives me Jobs (2015) vibes.
Dennis following Frank’s footsteps to become a cut throat businessman is golden. I knew the Sunny movie would be great.
BRING BACK BLACKBERRY.
I worked at RIM (BlackBerry) for seven years, was the best time of my career, just note the characters here are nothing like the real people, and storyline are marginally at best based on reality., it's entertainment but brings back so many memories...
God how much i loved the Blackberry Bold 9700. Phones are without a soul nowdays
Bit
The gang tries Black crackberry...
Dennis in his best scam yet
Noone was wearing headbands in 1996. It was a few years after grunge, not a few years after disco.
unbearable movie, the director uncapable, scenes give you a headache, the way lazaridis is pictured is so annoying and stretched to infinite, to say something to make a decision to do anything always wavering, hesitant, like a person with dementia. it is impossible that a person who decides to open a company and who asked his parents a loan for it is afterwards so uncapable of human relationships, and of taking a single decision. I hoped for a more factual movie and a movie director capable to make a video..
ProZD jumpscare
is that the fucking dude from nirvanna the band the show im gonna lose my shit
Great movie, reminded me how expensive and exclusive owning a Blackberry was.
great movie
This came out around the same time as Ben Affleck's biopic about the Jordan shoe "Air".  ......................Maybe they could've titled this movie "Ear".
This is how you make a movie in the post-covid 2020's era, on a budget of a meagre 5 million dollars, amazing stuff!
That's man's rage knows no bounds.
Great movie
Hollywood skews history once more 👎
Blackberry was the ONLY cell phone banned from entering a country cause it's security couldn't be hacked by the government at the time, even though OSX  and others were hacked by that government. The country was UAE and India was getting to do the same.
Now on Hulu
Love the cheap wigs....
No wonder Blackberry went out of business.  From start to the middle, those nerds are real stupid.
steve jobs took the whole show
Loved the movie. Truly inspirational, especially for entrepreneurs and businesspeople. Many tech companies are only around for a short while. Blackberry was one of them. They changed the world, but they also vanished too. Amazing stuff!
I love this movie 😂❤
I miss my Blackberry Bold everyday - bring back real keyboards!!!
I did not expect Sam Fisher. This movie was great!
I thoroughly enjoyed this film  👍
Is it just me or is the music at the beginning different than it was a couple weeks ago? Like wasn’t the synth faster before?
i love how the iphone got a scene
Kobe braynt knew blackberry138==1008B was good for lamar odom this wrong guy in net863==707A world of 2009-2011 .so he set him down using no keyboard iphone==402B fuxk that was a truth
he's wearing a doom t shirt.Haha I'm watching this film!
This movie is a bomb, but nobody have seen it.
I liked the movie 🎥 ❤
This movie was awesome, Glenn deserved an Oscar!
God punished Steve jobs for his sins
I always love reading comments on stuff done by the It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia people because the fans make lots of great references. I just saw a thread about the IASIP podcast and there was a chain of about 20 great jokes using lines from the show all in a row.
Excellent.
This wasn’t marketed enough, I have discovered about this today
Bring back the Blackberry
It took me a long time to get rid of my Blackberry. I never wanted to let it go 😭. BBM & Brickbreaker. What a time to be alive.
Best movie about tech after the social network and Michael Fasbender's Steve Jobs
Blackberry phone's and the entire era will always be close to my heart, good days in the late 2000s
Shaking camera makes the film realistic?😮 Really? 😂😂😂😂 Why do some filmmakers think so?🤔 Just think like a common citizen or common audience ! What makes a movie realistic is a set of- acting,accent,body language,looks, location or background etc 😊 Not only the shaking frames, all the filmmakers must mind it.👍 Shaking frames irritate only😢
The Gang ruins Blackberry
The star of this movie was Glenn Howerton. Couldnt take eyes off him.
very formulaic, unserious trailer for a great movie
I had a great time watching this! really good casting.
best movie..best actor..Glen Hawthorne..
This looks neat. Also, you see a Mk2 and a Mk3 Jetta in the background within the first 35 seconds of this trailer. That wasn’t relevant, but I liked it. I hope there’s a Corrado in the background of the movie as well!
😳
They're literally running out of things to make movies about i watched it anyway seem like everyone was over their heads and mike was very verbally abusive im surprised doug didnt quit sooner
Blackberry PassPort😎
Thought that was Manuel Turizo on the thumbnail.
where can i watch this???
Actually I had used the HTC touch in lab.  ---  The iPhone was not the first phone with a full-screen and a software keyboard, but it was the first to popularize and mainstream this concept. Prior to the iPhone, there were devices like the LG Prada and the HTC Touch that had touchscreens and software keyboards, but they didn't achieve the same level of success or widespread adoption. The iPhone's combination of a large, capacitive touchscreen and an intuitive software keyboard revolutionized the smartphone industry and set a new standard for user experience.
Yes, for many users and organizations, the security and reliability of BlackBerry's email system were more important considerations than the specific features of the phone itself.  ChatGPT verified
Yes, early BlackBerry devices can be considered real computers, as they had processors, memory, and an operating system, enabling them to perform computing tasks beyond simple communication functions
Cool. I guess this company could now be in stealth
Many can talk crap about the fall of BlackBerry. But they paved the way for the smartphones. We wouldn’t have the iPhone, the Galaxy, the Pixel, the One Plus and many others.  And even though they no longer make phones, they’re still around developing software security for the automotive industry.  I’m proud to even say I owned a Blackberry Curve 9300.
Blackberry's problem was they refused to keep up with the times. And then apps stopped working on their phones because their operating system couldn't keep up with demands.  What was supposed to be an easy fix destroyed them.
How did Mike age and Doug still had the yellow t shirt and headband to about 2007..?
Shame about the terrible acting
Great movie...from many many years I didn't watch something like this. 10/10
Where to watch
Doest this have to with H Clintons phones?
You said they are the best engineers in the world. I said they are the best engineers in Canada. Now that's LoL I lived in Kitchener Waterloo while all that was happening in real time though.
He really was untethered and his rage knew no bounds
We ahouldnt have to deal with china made products...That was the moral of this story!
Such a good movie
ive seen it and i loved it, amazing movie
who is still waiting for a brand new blackberry cell phone ?
Actually looks better than crap-enhimer
I'm a tech head. This film was GREAT! WELL DONE, and entertaining. Hard to do mix with tech subject... But they did it here.
The movie was.. amazing! True Canadian cinema 😊
I recognize this voice just now  Its Hiccup from HTTYD my favorite childhood movie
The movie was amazing. Shout out to the actor from it’s always Sunny.
BB10 is still the superior OS
The marriage of how Glenn Howerton's character is written and his execution of the written character is awesome. Worth the watch for this character alone. One of the best characters I've seen in a movie in many years. Shades of Michael Douglas in WALL STREET.
I thought it was a spinoff of Night at the Museum because of the guy who found the phone in the painting. The guy is the same actor. But naw it wasn't
Any movie that has NOFX playing in the first 5 minutes has my undying loyalty. Add Baruchel and Howerton for good measure. Oi Oi Oi
the blackberry has a particular notification sound that sends me right back to 2009 ish era and depresses me 😭
Hulu, February 23!!!
"I'M FROM WATERLOO, WHERE THE VAMPIRES HANG OUT!!" 🤣🤣🤣
The best thing about Blackberry compared to iPhone or other touch phones was its physical keyboard. With Blackberry, you could type without looking at the keyboard because it had a tactile response. On touch phones, you have to keep looking at the screen while typing. Personally, I found I could type 60% faster on a Blackberry keyboard, so I stuck with the BB Bold for a long time because of this advantage. Also, bbm was the best messenger ever. I miss the group calendar feature, which was useful for planning events among bbm groups.
Jim is hilarious 😂
I swear I’m looking stuff up on google, like objects.. or a battle in a war.. a person.. and there’s a movie that’s been made of it and it’s a few years old.. I was just looking up blackberry to see when it was founded and THERE MAKING A MOVIE.. WTF is going on? Does everything I type become a movie?
So well done. Loved it. Also pretty funny at times. All of the actors nailed it. Bravo 👏 ❤
Hiccup went from Training Dragons to now inventing the first smartphone
I haven't watch a ton of movies this year, but this is the best movie I have seen so far this year
The rise and fall of the "Blackberry"
Always wanted a blackberry they were super expensive back in the days here and this year they stopped functioning ..
Best Picture Comedy
I just feel like this movie is untethered and its rage holds no bounds. . . I dont know why. . . I definitely wanna watch it
Wish the new ceo of blackberry will revive bbm soon. Miss bbm 😢
Ah! The days when blackberry was the shit. Treated the same way iphone users treat their phones nowadays. I had a 10
I don’t know why they had to make it rated r any of the real people and their clutter f bomb I’m just asking and the blackberry is the pioneer before iPhone is that how Steve Jobs got idea with car touchscreens and can someone make another one without something too fiction in case
Glenn Howerton is so phenomenal in this film. Hope he gets a lot of recognition.
this is a excellent movie!!! its shows how blackberry controlled 50% of the market share of cells phones and they ended up with LESS THAN ZERO.
So, every US company gets now a "How that came about"-motion picture for its products?
This was such an incredible production and story. Anyone in business or thinking of getting into it needs to watch this.
Will watch this one on my Key 2❤
If you came here for ProZD, wait until the end :D
Only watched cuz of ProZD
This has got the student film problem of casting people 30 years younger than they should be.  Putting some grey in someone's hair doesn't make them look old.
Even if you've never seen Star Wars, how would you not know a reference, lol, I knew all Star Wars references long before I saw all the movies, lol.
Stupendo film !!! Da Oscar!!! Idem la musica 👍👍👍👍👍
lovlyy
They had to have know ProZD was going to draw a lot more people in. They put him at the end of the trailer just for that surprise factor.
Goku can eat my shorts!
If blackberry is back, I would ditch my phone and go back. Blackberry z10 was way ahead of its times.
if it wasn't for Sung Won Cho/Prozd, i probly wouldn't have ever heard of this
Good lord did this movie do it for me. What an incredible film that was excelled by excellent acting, didn't expect to be still thinking about it months later. Must watch if you're already at this point watching the trailer
Feels like a long time since I saw Jay Baruchel anywhere!
King dragon sends his regards
My dad worked at blackberry and I grew up with their devices!
One of the most under-evaluated films I had ever seen… cannot believe it had ended up with 2.9 millions USD only as box office.  Jim should have been hired to promote this film then😂
I used BlackBerry 9 years in UAE deserts. The maps over there were not very useful, and many new roads were constructed in advance so temporary frequently ending in the middle of nowheres. The only reliable help was Blackberry, made me lucky.
It's crazy that Hollywood is now making period movies about the late 1990s and early 2000s.
Horrible wigs
saw it.  was pretty flawless. 9/10 from me. loved the rawness / filming style / quirky vibe of it. really interesting story, wonderfully acted.
あこがれのまま買えなかった。。
There´s a Blackberry Curve frontside me exactly in this moment hehehe ! I winned and use only for a alarm clok. But it is still working ( in thesis) to receive and make a calls .
I still Got This Smartphone in 2023  Who Else Has this☝️☝️
BlackBerry The Tech Revolution That Almost Made a Comeback https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_68KLpSIVGc
Ultimate movie! Revolves around some tech geeks, leadership and how things can fall in place and out at the same time. I wish they could coexist now as one of the top cellphone brands.
Please STOP making films in 2.00:1. Cinemas can never show them properly, and they float, windowboxed onscreen!
110% unwatchable movie, the camera is WAY too much zoomed in on their faces. And it has constant "shaky cam"...  smh
This is a 5-star film! A 5-star film!!
I cant believe Alcatel and Blackberry came out of Ottawa lol
No one cares about blackberries
Incredible movie just saw it
If my boss pay me 10 million dollars I would give him personal handjob👌.
I've had a few and currently have an atomic red BlackBerry Key2 and still love it!
Just don't call the Blackberry a starter phone or you'll get this:  "BE GONE VILE MAN! BE GONE FROM ME! A STARTER PHONE?! THIS IS A FINISHER PHONE! THE COMMUNICATION DEVICE OF GODS! THE GOLDEN GOD!"
Entertaining movie, especially if you never had a Blackberry, but heard about it and want to know more.......they did overstate how well the Apple iPhone did against the Blackberry in the movie though.......as you might guess, people wanted to hang on to their Crackberries (to include President Obama 2009-16), and Blackberry still had 41% of the US market in December 2009, to Apple's 25%, according to Harvard Business School......almost 3 years after the iPhone hit the market......it took a lonnnng time for the iPhone to pass Blackberry.
Good Movie. Minus 2 HORRIBLE head distractions. The rat nest silver wig & the other characters rubber head cap to fake baldness. The hair person shouldn't  put this job on their resume.
Is it in Netflix?
yo ProZD is here sold
*I'd watch it but I can't stand Jay Baruchel. Shltty actor, unfunny & just boring.*
I'm watching this just for one scene
Remember palm pilot?
Loved this film. It’s a a perfect denis-core rage for the fans of always sunny too . Can’t wait to see Howerton getting some dark film roles because he is extremely good actor .
Elastica was the first concert I went to. Metropol in Pittsburgh. Great time to be 15
Best rim job ever
THE FIRST SMARTPHONE?”  It’s the IBM Simon. This dates back to 1994, it was an analogue cellular phone but had email, calendar and fax functions. The touch screen user interface even included predictive text.  Not blackberry.
They gotta stop making movies about random things
"Dennis Starts a Company"
I love that the most replayed part is the one part where ProZD/Sungwon Cho.
A really great tech movie. Seeing Glen and then ProZD made me so happy.
Glenn Howerton is pretty one-note, but it's a note that I dig
What’s the point? Microsoft doesn’t make movies about Zune or Kin nor HTC about its graveyard of HTC Desires or One Xs.
So we all bought those phones… BECAUSE OF THE IMPLICATION
damn, the downfall of blackberry is so scary🙃
I remember how only executives got blackberry where I worked. It was considered elitist. So it's funny to see how it's development was so disorganized. Fantastic film for many reasons!
I hate it when they kill good tech which doesn't suit them. This movie brought tears to my eyes!
Man I still miss my blackberry - I didn't realise I bought a bit of history 📵
I just saw this on a long flight and it took away all the pain of flying coach.
Lol blackberry was my favorite
Cellphones, penetration, cellphones penetration, until the movie just kinda... ends.
this movie was fucking great nothing mind blowing just solid af
I really miss my Blackberry devices that i used (BB Curve, BBZ10 and BB Leap). after that i am really fed up in using Android for the Past 7 years Blackberry was different it was unique when compared to other OS such as Android and IOS. I wish BlackBerry to come back to the smartphone market. If they i launch a mobile i will buy it for sure. I am missing my BlackBerry Days.
i dont know about the movie but blackberry is the best phone ever
As usual, hyper exaggerated “vintage” props and styles, overly “geeky” mannerisms: “Look everyone,  HE is the nerdy, intelligent one 👉👉 🤓”  Cringey as anything. You SHOULD KNOW your target audience unless you’re TONE DEAF, and we don’t appreciate being talked down to.
I loved my BlackBerry so much
When I was a sophomore in high school, 2003, my photography teacher told us cell phones would be like little computers in the future. Some of us believed him others didn’t. But that’s when I started understanding how tech moves like the first to figure out how to commodify and distribute something new much more invent that something wins. It was a quick thought in my very much overstimulated mind but I never forgot that bc it was so impactful. Now look.
I remember when RIM got first software update for my blackberry phone those days it was really fun to play with pc and phone 😁
To Halt and BlackBerry Wolfstreet
This was one of the best movies I have watched. I wish they would make a movie on the rise of Amazon.
Its brilliant. Go see it. Get it. So funny.
ProZD is in this??
This movie has a lot of positive reviews except the box office became failure for not reaching over five million dollar budget.
I have a few blackberries in my phone collection they even have the original boxes
This movie was awesome! 8/10!
This movie is superb❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Truely , a masterpiece ❤
Whoa a twist ProZD appearance!!
100% this movie was filmed in WPG,MB 😂
👍 👍 👍
amazing movie
Great movie. Just finished watching it
BlackBerry needs a comeback. Never had a cellphone with the quality service it had.
Then, Steve Jobs walks in on them and shoots them all with an AR15, and that's how he won the smart phone race. True story.
Love Glenn Howerton been underrated for nearly twenty years people for his great writer and producer and actor about time people put respect on his name
I miss my blackberry
Peak Glenn Howerton
Just like "Argo movie fiction" -Americanized at nauseum and erroneous! ; you got the date of the iphone release correct and other than  that 99% of the movie is inaccurate--sad when the BB was the only secure device for US military and President for how long and is a CANADIAN success!
Oh man, Saul Rubinek. Havent seen him in anything for ages
https://youtu.be/D0dGzHZzJJU  filmed with blackberry password😢
Why do all these modern, period pieces (if we can call them that) look and feel exactly the same? Actors overdoing the part in an attempt to convey the seriousness and drive of the past, clumsily made props and sets that are still somehow overproduced, hair and makeup... I won't even go into that, and last but by no means least, the camera that falls flaccid in an attempt to mimic the way movies were shot a few decades ago.
This is kind of a spoiler but I’m glad Jim doesn’t say “It’s called a BlackBerry” in the final cut. It was so much more effective to have them ask what it’s called then cut to it succeeding over the next 7 years
Jay Baruchel is a Master of acting
As a previous ‘Curve’ and ‘Bold’ owner i almost cried when i saw this movie.
Movie is way better than the trailer makes it seem tbh
Why nokia still exist until now
Glenn Howerton is a terrific actor. Obviously he's always going to be known for his portrayal of Denis (quite possible one of the funniest TV characters of all time... Funnier I'd say that anyone from Friends HIMYM Seinfeld etc.) but he's a Julliard graduate and knowns how to kill dramatic roles
I have a drawer filled with all of my BlackBerry phones including the Storm, Z10, Z20 and the Classic, along with the Playbook tablet.  I miss using these phones 😢
Watched it last night amazing film.
I love NTBTS and have been a huge fan of The Dirties and Operation Avalanche so its great to see Matt doing bigger projects, he truly inspired me and is the reason I even went to film school lol
Where to watch?
This movie is great. I love the Jim character, he killed it.
ada yg mirip si david gadget
This is some apple wannabe crap.
oh my god prozd's in this movie...??????????
Jim Imbasille
So happy to see glen get to show his acting chops in movies. Hes so underrated. He really deserves it
Today there is no black berry 💔
Matthew John looks like a male Kathryn Hahn, is it just me? Kept trying to figure out who he looked like through out the movie.
Smartphone without applkcation is useless, same fate with microsoft phones.
It’s sad that their product is dead
Just saw it today. This movie is hugely entertaining and relatable to everyone.
I haven’t watched this yet but I will after I’m done watching “The Covenant “ again that movie was awesome and sad! But back to BB!!! So there’s going to be a hostile takeover from what I gather in the trailer plus anytime a huge money maker idea is invented it ALWAYS gets stolen and that isn’t the “American Way” that’s white mans way and NO I am NOT prejudice it’s the plain truth not that I have to explain myself but my husband is white so therefore my kids are part! I watched a movie several years ago with “Greg Kennier” in it he was the main character playing the part of an employee at “Ford Motor” he came up with the (INTERMITTENT Windshield wipers” and before he presented the idea to his boss/CEO’S he told his wife and made a prototype well ford FIRED him and stole his work and it took OVER 20 years to win his lawsuit but he did but not after losing everything and mortgaging his home etc., wife walked out he was happily remarried to someone else and here’s one more for you! I have been sharing this with all my customers all over my hometown about drinking a glass of ICE COLD water a half hour before you eat that will get your metabolism going and turn your food to energy and not fat storing away! And I tell this person off the cruise ship about it and they stole it and turned it into ice cubes you CAN’T do that it won’t fill your stomach up and your body WON’T go into high gear that dumb ass ! And it wasn’t my idea I even told the person that it was my nutritionist that told me that when I was working out at club in Washington back in 1993 with my whole package I got for bonus the nutritionist and the Karate on site , so it isn’t racist it’s just a fact it’s been happening since currency was invented 😫 greed one of the sins remember the movie “Seven” not even a horror and that s h I t scared me
The movie was excellent, but especially appreciated the changes made since the trailer’s release.   The decision to remove the statement by Jim’s character at 1:10 in this trailer — “It’s called a BlackBerry” — and replace it with footage of Oprah being the first person to use the “BlackBerry” name in the film (via footage from her show) was genius.
great movie. Glenn Howeton crushes it. trailer doesn't do it enough justice. I watched the movie on an iPad
Greatly enjoyed this movie....very interesting and great acting by all
MAN, THIS MOVIE WAS ENTERTAINING AF!  SEE IT!!!!
BlackBerry really. Another will be Tesla. After Tetris & Nike Air movies 🤦
The saddest part of this movie is we already know how it ends
I watched the movie, its amazing 👌🏼
All right, not seeing enough love for my boy Jay here, fyi, he's the goddamn Hiccup
Does the movie end with how all of its assets are sold to an NPE for less than $200M?
One of the best films I have ever seen. Work of art.
Great movie, but they really went overboard with that shaky camera crap.
This looks like it COULD have been a good movie if they didnt make it look like a child shot it on their phone.  I think I'll read the wiki on blackberry instead.
FLUK3 at Bothead Reviews...BlackBerry       "Badges? We ain't got no badges! We don't need no badges! I don't have to show you any stinking badges!" - The Treasure of the Sierra Madre, 1948
Blackberry is one of the best phones I ever had in the last 26 years.
Is this getting a UK cinema release date?
So we have ms, apple, Tetris, Facebook and now blackberry movie. Will there be a Nokia movie? 🤔 Where they started with rubber boots and went for phones.
Where is the NOKIA movie?
Boring. We need crime
I love it and it was funny!! First 10 mins waa kinda off but then it got really good
Excellent but sad😢
Hella good movie! I was locked in from start to finish. Laughed so hard at the ending scene...Kill that white noise fckery from China!! 😂😂
Tirame por el blackberry, watagatavitusbery
I just cant take this seriously with dennis from its always sunny and jay from this is the end.
When in Indonesia Cinema? 🥺
All hail the golden god
I hope they keep making keyboard phones
home run
Great movie!
Watching this trailer from my BlackBerry Classic 😏
Any one want to earn 10 dollars passive income then msg me
Fabulous movie! It is hilarious, suspenseful even though we all know what happened, and triumphant even if just for its chapter in tech history. There was a point in the movie where I literally cried, ecstatically!...for a tech film...and nobody died or saved an animal stuck in mud. Baruch...Baruchnel...Jay was an excellent  geek. They all were. Howerton was the perfect level of shark-like intensity. He didn't just yell like a poser. It was like he was going to explode, and spontaneously combust everyone within a 10 mile radius along with him. Clever funny way of expressing the little things. Incredibly paced and edited. The clip at 1:30 in the trailer was funnier in the movie. They should have done the "you want to be great, you need to sacrifice" and then cut to the quiet lag and Jay captioning that he's still standing there, seeing Doug in the window. That was so well done you could practically hear the crickets.  The trailer is exceptionally well done. And the movie is right behind it. I probably didn't appreciate the Doug character enough. Sometimes when a thing works you don't notice it, because you don't notice that it didn't work. I think that was the Doug character. It fit, although if he was going to be the smart slacker with the tennis band there could have been more variety. When the years were being placarded, stock charts could have been shown. The network overload could also have shown more technical visuals. Although it successfully went retro, that doesn't mean overlays of tech stuff could not have appeared in the film.
It looks like it was filmed in Canada too. I wonder how many locations are in KW.
Excellent film.
This movie rocks.
Man I like Elastica. Will see it
Next Nokia yes?
I loved my blackberry
Saw it, loved it. Completely delivered it’s hilarious potential. Unlike “Air” had no obligation to stand in awe of its characters and was all the better for it.
the lighting is so shitty❤
watching this trailer on my bb key2... ❤
End of an era
they were always nokia bitch, the were only popular in USA
prozd!?
A different main actor could make this movie a masterpiece.
Great
ProZD is in this movie??? wow
Us: ugh Hollywood were tired of remakes and sequels!!!  Hollywood: *starts making movies about how companies were made*  Us:.......hmmmm okay it's not getting old just yet....
I watched the first 5 minutes and i'm already sold. Glenn is the MAN
Learned a lot.
“I thought you said they were best engineers in the world”  “No I said they were the best engineers in Canada”  OMG THAT IS THE MOST CANADIAN THING EVERY and that is why Canadian companies sink.
I miss my blackberry 😢
Now make a Sidekick by Danger movie.
Caught a screening of this tonight, absolutely loved it
Can someone tell me the name of the song we hear in that trailer ?
I’m so excited to see how Glenn Carrie’s a serious picture
As a previous and die-hard Blackberry user,....can't wait to see this movie!
Lots of booj and chaos and shaky camera. Awesome cast, though.
Honestly, looks like it has lot less budget. Horrible casting with the leads
saw this opening night and have been thinking about this movie for two days straight now.
Guys! The boys.... Are back in town
Where can i stream it in INDIA 🇮🇳 ? Eager to watch it on my key2
The beginning of the trailer looked like a 480p flashback, until I slowly realized in horror that the entire film is in SD.  The plot looks interesting but I’m not watching a full film in SD.  Even old 60’s and 70’s films have been digitized in HD.
I miss my Blackberry every single day, lol. It was amazing. At the very least, the most elegant looking smartphone, and after owning every other brand, far and away the best performance for my needs. This looks like fun and it gives me the feels.
I thought this was like a Beastie Boys music video
BlackBerry looks like a winner for IFC Films!
Saw this earlier today and I loved it. A terrific film that's definitely worth seeing.
HARRY CRANE
U.K. release date?
2:17 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Somewhere barney stinson's head exploded
black berry open to world of tweets and messaging that iphone just got good at virtual keyboard response time that took very long time for android OS get good at that took decades to do
i want to watch it now
SUNGWON???
omg sungwon just sneaking in there at the end??? love him
The Blackberry is no starter phone. It's a finisher phone!
Because of the implication
Blackberry is rising again- partnership with Amazon Cloud also secure software for EV.  They spent the last 10 years building a moat.Look it up - buy as many shares as you can get you hands on! Create generational wealth!
I'm hating this won't be in theaters near me.
As someone who loves Sunny, Nirvana the Band the Show, and ProZD... damn. Also Blackberries are cool too I guess.
Seeing jay baruchel again
Wow that tupay looked too fake. Could he not have shaved his head for the role?
Baruchel finally getting good recognition ❤
any other creeps and listeners?
This is an SNL skit right? Like, they're doing a parody of all those "product" movies we keep getting like Tetris and Air?
Tag yourself im Dennis’ bald cap
Hollywood churning out movies about corporations is peak late stage capitalism
Good to see Glenn as a lead movie actor.
Howerton started his career in 1996, same year as BlackBerry.
"The best engineers in Canada" KILLED ME
As someone who uses BlackBerry phones to this day (a Key2 as my main, and I switch models for my secondary, sometimes I use a Classic, Q10, Bold 9900, Curve 9360, Torch 9800) I can't wait to see this film! And yes, I love and collect BlackBerry phones!
Are you guys really about to go sit in a theater for 2 hours and watch a movie about a phone 😂
jay baruchel white wig looks so fucking bad holy shit
Glenn Howerton is one hell of an actor and he hasn’t even peaked.
A Research In Motion movie? - drinking game - how many times will they say RIM Jobs. I never could bring myself to apply for a RIM job.
Man, Glenn Howerton with a bald head is something I didn't know I badly needed hahaha
Looks terrible
This reminds me of the movie the founder, and I'm all in for it!
Can't wait to see this movie. I'm supposed to go to a screening of it tomorrow.  Looking forward to it for multiple reasons.
Therapist: “Bald Dennis Reynolds isn’t real, he can’t hurt you.”  Bald Dennis Reynolds:
I really like Jay Baruchel as an actor, though after looking up photos of the person he's portraying, I don't get why they casted him. Looks like a good movie though!
This looks SO GOOD! What song is this in the trailer?! I swear I’ve heard it before! Also, wow, SungWon motherfreakin Cho! Edit: Elastica “Connection” (1995)
I love that we are all going to watch BlackBerry on our iPhones
As a computer science enthusiast I am GIGA HYPED for this movie!
Best phone EVER. I am still using Key2 and wouldn't change it for anything
what is the song that is playing right now i have been trying to find this song like forever.
If it was  American produced ,  it would take place in San Francisco.
im here for it!
Casting Baruchel with a wig ruined the movie. Shame for Howerton
Is Baruchel's wig real life? Who thought that would look normal? Ruined the entire movie imo looks so stupid and unrealistic
I Will go and see this i always had a BlackBerry  and even today 2023 i still use my BlackBerry key 2 Black édition still works great !
Remembering who Glenn Howerton was and recognizing him shut me down for a minute. But then I was like "Oh yeah, he has twenty years experience playing a sociopath."
Omg Dennis and Frank combine their forces in this movie?
I'm a former employee, didn't feel it while I was there but seeing makes me feel like I was a part of tech history.
I give absolutely zero fucks about blackberry, i will be seeing this movie twice just for Glenn
Bring back the BlackBerry!!
MATT JOHNSON YES
So this is why Matt Johnson keeps ignoring me about my Austin powers reboot
I went to UW around that time so right in the thick of all the blackberry craze and them creating all these buildings and RIM park and all that.  My friend used to work there too.  This should be super entertaining to watch!
iPhone killed Blackberry 😂
Demonstrate value.  Engage physically.  Nurture dependence.  Neglect emotionally.  Inspire hope.  Separate entirely.
PROZD JUMPSCARE
Is this how Doug really was?
Awesome, cant wait! I had the first RIM text pager, and I still daily a BlackBerry Priv today!  #pkb forever! 😆
ProZD! :D
Me: pfft I ain't seeing this geeky as movie  Also me after seeing Sungwon Cho: hoooooooly shit!
Anybody know the name of the song playing under the trailer?
I legit thought this was a fake joke trailer 😂. Especially the one dude with the bad wig and head sweatband 😂
I mean Howerton looks OK here, but I don't think he'll ever top his performance in Crank 2
YouTube exec: "That role shown at the end belongs to   *J I M M Y   F A L L O N !* "
SungWon’s in this movie too??
Glenn Howerton AND Jay Baruchel???  And it’s a movie about Blackberry. I’m in.
Very nice Video
"I said they were the best engineers in Canada..." 😢😓😖
Saya baru tahu sejarah blackberry
Great work. We can know the real story of Blackberry. Just go ahead.
Good
I think it's an interesting movie!
WOAHHHH PROZDDDDD WOAHHHH
comfort zones. This looks great.
People need to cast Glenn Howerton in more movies, man is a fantastic actor, a golden god even
No supose this video
This actually looks good, but I hate the wigs 💀
Since Hollywood is now after making bio films about arcade games, electronic products and etc. Then please make a film about Microsoft or on Bill Gates. And maybe about Facebook and YouTube.  Tip: Don't forget to villainize Mark Zuckerberg, since he didn't care about our data privacy.
Good video
Very good 👍
good howerton
lmao who on earth was in charge of hair and makeup?
BlackBerry  love this movie because  looks great.
So Jay created Motorola AND Blackberry?!?!
This is vary good video
😮hi
very nice trailer move
Awesome video
2:18 is what I came for--so happy for Sungwon!! i actually love movies like this too so will def be checking this out on the big screen!
The golden god here’s hair looks small, and I mean that as a compliment, and also he hasn’t even begun to peak
Jim played one year for my dad's rec basketball team. Let's just say he covered the player cost 😂
I lived where this took place for a minute. Biggest mistake of my life. Total cesspool.
Why does this feel like a parody of all the other tech bio docs? 😅
Holy shit its the Golden God!!!!! Oh fuck, and Glenn Howerton is in it also!!!!
Is that the guy from I Love You Beth Cooper? lol
iH frienf
PROZD
A starter phone?!? This is a FINISHERS PHONE!!
Oh I don’t miss managing blackberry servers
Razzle is about to have a field day with these two dreamboats in one movie together
Thumbs up
Jay Baruchel and Glen Howerton as old men? Sounds pretty good
Blackberry, the phone of the GOLDEN GOD
Got that succession filming
Canadian movie!
Now the It's always sunny podcast makes sense.
Why am I so stoked for this,
Interesting choice to not just make the cast all black, trans-identified, disabled people (redundant, I know) the blackberry execs must have committed some crimes I’m guessing?
Well I mean he DOES have to have his tools.
How Air Jordans started...how Hot Cheetos started...how Blackberry started...
ProZD!!!!!
glenn howerton is the original
The comments are hilarious mixed. Some people only know Glenn, some people only know Jay, some people only know the asian youtuber. And some know them all.
I’d watch Howerton in anything
I guess the new trend is movies about people developing old nostalgic items. It’s got some competition from Air and the Tetris movie
Dennis finally went bald.
Do we really care about the creation of the first Blackberry?
Glenn hasn't even begun to peak.
not naming Matt Johnson is a sin
Man I loved my blackberry when I was in highschool. Big screen, typing was super fast, brick breaker, basic internet search. Gave it up for the sidekick and the rest is history lol
Lol who tf dug up Jay Baruchel
The rise and fall of a Canadian iconic company, which loses its way.  Some genuinely funny moments, and some new wrinkles that weren't widely shared before.  Fun to see.
oh great, another "capitalism is cool" movie
took too long to make the messenger available on droid...
I dont have online tho and i dont do the emails
How is this not a parody? looks so shit along with Air and Tetris.
This looks soo good
THE GOLDEN GOD
This looks like a very good SNL skit.
oh shit its that one guy who makes mtg content? didnt get to look at him long enough
Yes still rocking a Blackberry with Android OS
Skip this and watch “General Magic”.
Oh, this is gonna be good. Especially when you know the engineers who worked there and heard the stories.
This looks really good, Jay Baruchel is always great, loved "Man Seeking Woman".
Fuck.Yes
This looks entertaining despite the plot.
The golden god true form
they really are vomiting out these 90s tech company biopics right now
I never wanna see these movies I only watch the trailer and move on. This one I want to see.
The golden god?
The Alternate Universe where Dennis still works for Frank and learned his dirty business ways!
AYO ProZD in the house. Nice
This looks fucking awful. I will not be watching it.
THEY GOT FUCKING SUNGWON CHO IN THIS????
Glenn’s face when dude says “best in Canada,” 😐
whats next, Pokemon Cards?
Can’t wait to see this! Looks great and heck I’m 40 I had 2 blackberries before I got my first iPhone 4!
It's good dude
They need to stop making these types of movies lmao
Goddammit I miss my Blackberry
hope this subverts business underdog movies and highlights how much they suck
That is why he shaved his head on the podcast
funny and talented
I miss blackberry phones I still have my priv
Yeah, but Jay doesn't like Forrest Gump
What is the trailers music name?
Howerton in an actual movie? About damn time.  Guy is totally underutilized.
That's a 5 star phone
another shty commercial disguised as movie... air at first, now this trash. lol. are they serious? :D
they finale turned The D.E.N.N.I.S. System into a feature
Was on the fence but Sungwon/ProZD pulled me over the line!
Wow I didn’t realize who Dennis was til almost the end of the trailer.
Is there a new trend of biopics about products? Like the new movie about Air Jordan?
Jay is a terrible actor.  Always has been. This will bomb
good
Gonna watch for prozd
Waterloo, fuck yeah! This all happened at the University I went to during the time I was there - RIM was blowing up.
Wait ProZD Wait ProZD Wait Wait Wait ProZD What
CGI can recreate some of the most believable effects in the history of Cinema, yet wigs in Hollywood seem to be devolving?
lol, its that anime VA youtooba
Want to see this!
PROZD!!!!!
Deleted Scene: US tech lobbyists begin a smear campaign to bring down blackberry.
The Dennis Method
So sick of these boring "real life stories". They're mostly soulless and not inspiring or entertaining.
I thought this trailer couldn't get any better and then Sungwon shows up at the end!!! OMG
*The cellphone of gods, THE GOLDEN GOD!*
This will sadly be overshadowed by Ben Affleck’s “Air”
Ok so basically a Canadian The Social Network? I'm sold.
My first Blackberry was the Storm 1 in 2008. Couldn’t do anything besides the basic and having a “touch screen” a screen clicker if you will. But I remember loving it. Could do things my flip phone couldn’t and was amazed. They just couldn’t keep up with the competition, when the time came.
wow another movie glorifying crony capitalism
That Prozd cameo!
Now this right here is a five star trailer for a five star man
Michael Ironside. Period
Glenn sold it for me
ProZD!!!!
I still miss my blackberry. 😢
Saw this a few days ago at SXSW — it’s is really great!
thought it was a movie about Assange
Glad Matt Johnson is getting a chance like this. Big fan of all his projects even/especially Matt and Bird Break Loose
SUNGWON!!!!!!
I feel like they showed us the whole movie in the trailer
prozd
Was all for it until I saw ProZD at the end there.  Now I'm REALLY for it.  Can't wait to check this out.  It makes sense why Glenn was bald for a good portion of the episodes of the It's Always Sunny Podcast.  Haha
ProZD turned down the MCU for this?  That's how you know it has to be good.
Hey, a Canadian movie!
Is that ProZD?!?!?!?!?
This doesn't look as funny as it should be, considering the cast.
A Canadian heritage moment.
Looks bad
Still waiting on Nirvanna The Band The Show Season 3 😢
No one cares about BlackBerry LOL
I went to UofW and RIM was next door. I used to get parking tickets from them because their lot was closer to the library haha
Yes please! Crackberry....haven't heard that in a while! LOL Jay Baruchel is a Canadian treasure!
Jay Baruchel looking like Henry Bowers after seeing those Deadlights...
The realization at 2:15 is heartbreaking.
prozd in a movie. les goo❤❤❤!
Glenn and Jay?! Gotta see this one!
Iam originally from the Bay Area i am so burnt out on all The Silicon Valley biopics but i love these dudes so they got me.
Ah this is where the cut was from
They missed a great oppertunity to pepper in some golden gods and maybe even some idiot savages as well.
a more insane version of Silicon Valley
Bald yelling Glenn Howerton + ProZD sold me, lol
PROZD!!!
You are stuck in a blackberry boat with no where else to go.  A sales man tells you to buy a blackberry.  What do you do, say no?  Well you can’t.  Because, of the implications.
SUNGWON!!!
I have been waiting for a new matt johnson movie for 6 years i cant believe this is coming out so soon and in my birthday
I blame the demise of the company on the debacle that was the Blackberry Storm
wait wait wait... this has Dennis and ProZD in it?
Glenn is a Juilliard trained Actor so watch out!
This looks really fucking good
Glenn howerton I’m on board idgaf
Jay barachel invented Motorola phones in the one NatM movie
guys lets make this viral and turn @prozd into a legit movie star
Ah. Now we know the reason wii shop Wednesday is no more.
peak cinema incoming
honestly didn't recognize Glenn Howerton even though I saw that haircut on the Sunny podcast a few months ago XD
HE'S A FIVE STAR CEO!!!
I miss my blackberry. Simpler times.
Are they going for bad or just boring? Great cast. Terrible, horrible, unbelievably uninteresting plot.
whole lotta historic movies these days
I feel like I have watched the whole film with this trailer... It shows way too much
Dang thought that was Beato
Speaking of genius, whoever chose this Elastica song for the trailer 👌🏼
My booooooy PROZD!!!
I loved my Blackberry sooooo much
Dennis Reynolds wildin'
he hasn't even begun to peak
This is amazing and Matt Johnson looking nice and i must watch in theaters.
BlackBerry was MADE to disappear. Why? Because they didn't lend themselves to corporate espionage against it's customer base. The phone was so safe, not even israeli-made Pegasus Software could break into it. It was the Presidential phone by excellence.  Whatever this biopic presents us as the reason for its downfall, you can rest assured it's complete BS.
When is this released?!
I’ve seen this. It’s excellent!!! 🎉  I came in with fairly low expectations and it’s just very entertaining and keeps you ok the edge of your seat. Definitely a theatre movie.
I'm calling it! This film is going knock it out of the park with critics and win an award for best picture. Come back and see this comment in a year from now...   I was right, wasn't I? 😉
Well...now I know why Glenn Howerton shaved his head.
You call it geek history when it's literally revolutionized EVERYTHING for all humanity. But yeah lets reduce it down to "geek" like we're in high school back in the 1970s.
Flop
Glenn Howerton's headpiece is absolutely atrocious
lmao good for glenn he totally deserves this and looks like he totally killed it.
CIVIC WAGON LETS GOOO
This looks so bad.
So you’re the one that ate up my free time with email!
Waterloo represennttt
What is a Blackberry?😅
Backwards Tremors poster at 1:30.
I’m so happy to see Jay Baruchel as the main dude. Love him
Looks like a 3 Star movie with a 5 star man.
I think Glenn Howerton is too talented of an actor to be at the level he’s at. He’s successful don’t get me wrong. But I think he’s better than the level he’s at. I think he’s as good as anyone.
Jay Baruchel is there too? Aka the guy who voiced Hiccup Horrendous Haddock III?
I have contained my rage for as long as possible, but I shall unleash my fury upon you like the crashing of a thousand waves!   Begone, vile man! Begone from me! A starter phone? This is a finisher phone! A phone of gods! The golden god! I am untethered, and my rage knows no bounds!
Very informative video. Just keep it up. Lots of love to you from India.
I can't wait to see this. No matter what anyone says we owe the rise of smartphones to Blackberry. Their Achilles heel was to focus too much on the business side that when the iPhone and Android came along they didn't see them as serious competition until it was too late. This looks like it it'll be so good.
<3
Why the dig at Canada at the end???
Good. Best!
i hate business People only see is Money Fuck Everyone Else
canadian af
Theyre making movies about anything bruh
HOLY SHIT PRO ZD HAS MADE IT.
Anyone who watches the Always Sunny Podcast saw this coming. By that I mean the hair. The movie I had no idea.
Matt Johnson should have his name in the credits
https://youtu.be/5Ey23IouApM
I'm waiting for the movie about the fleshlight to come out. Now that will be a great story...
I usually yawn at biographies but the trailer sold me, seems entertaining.
Finally, the D.E.N.N.I.S. system is getting the origin story it deserves.
I thought this was an SNL skit.
*JUST SO U KNOW AM TYPING DIS WIF MY KEY2LE* 😊
"Today we're going to try 23 different BlackBerry products"
This is gonna be a lot of fun
Where can we see it?
First off that guy has a doom shirt and I’m happy now, second wtf that’s glen howerton dude… think of the implications
I'm guessing this is the film Glenn shaved his head for.
Who cares? What's next? "Microsoft Word - the movie?"   "Evian - Water of France - the Movie?" "The NE555 timer chip - the movie"?
Definitely going to watch it out of my love for Blackberry 😥
This phone is not a starter phone, is a finisher phone
very nice video
I'm hoping this movie will be such a great hit it will bring back BlackBerry to produce a new smartphone
Jay no longer the awkward college kid we saw in Undeclared 😭 I can't wait for this
Got a movie about Nike and now Blackberry🥱 what more great movie ideas are in store for 2023
Bald Dennis lmao
Why is that YouTuber in here
I can't wait to see this in theaters!
J - Job demand I - Improvise M - Money me?
*THE GOLDEN GOD*
This looks great!!
The fat guy with his headband holding his phone in place.  Sold.
Still got my Bold, Torch and Passport
ProZD?!!
And to think, all RIM had to do was to copy the Iphone and the company would still be around.
So this is what he went bald for😂
Mac, these gentlemen are courting me for my business savvy.
Blackberry is like the Avro Arrow...a victim of American greed. Blackberry was pure security...not like data harvesting Google and Apple. Sheep will be sheep.
It’s the wii shopping wednesday guy wtf
Of course The Golden God takes control of RIM
Hope Glenn Howerton continues to get more dramatic and black comedy roles because the reviews say he kills it here! His acting is so underrated on Sunny.
I can't wait for the sequels, "Betamax" and "Eight-Track"
I forgot blackberry was Canadian
This is going to be the best release since the iPhone 😅
Where was this filmed I need to know what town in Canada was cheaper to film in than the Canadian town it actually happened in
Jay doesn't look like the creator at all. They couldn't have picked a better and fatter actor?
First we had Tetris trailer, now this. 😃
Jay Baruchel cant act
It’s the guy from My Hometown. Used to like watching that when I was a kid. 😆
These ProZD skits are getting way too long
Where’s CrackBerry Kevin?!
Glad to see BlackBerry get the limelight. iPhone and Android owe so much to them. My BlackBerry was such a better device in terms of productivity and accuracy of typing than my iPhone ever has been.
The movie was a very short and rushed but I enjoyed it. (Trailer shows everything lol)
Aah so this is the role Glen shaved his head for! 😂
Matt Johnson is the GOAT!! Beyond excited for this film
They let him have 50% of the company. Because of the implication
Another actor in baldface. Give bald a chance!!!!
Its so bizarre to basically see Dennis from always sunny still kinda be dennis but in a maniacally “actually” high functioning manner that doesn’t amount to sexual conquests lmfao
"what's the hair budget?" "yes"
Did anyone ask for this?
So Dumb.
Looks fabulous
I haven't heard about RIM in forever, I always wanted a RIM job. People who worked there probably got congratulatory phone calls all day telling how lucky they are having a RIM job.
can't wait for SAMTIME's parody :D ;-)
PROZDDDDDDD!!!!!!!!
ProZD !!!
this is my succession
can't wait for this to release!
Not another damn Canadian TAX Credit Telefilm Movie ! 🥱🥱
This whole cast is full of people I feel like we don't see enough of, and I like that so many of them are doing something a bit outside of their comfort zones. This looks great.
All these new movies valorizing product creation like they're the greatest dramatic storylines of our time.
Too many people that are masters of their own work are involved in this can’t wait
Why stop there? Let's make a movie about Ronald Mcdonald's hardships growing up in the hood.
Caught a glimpse of Michael Ironside in there!
What's with all these shitty pacman, Nike Jordan and blackberry movies. Has Hollywood run out of talented writers to come up with something new and original. There's a documentary on YouTube about blackberry. Go watch it and save yourself some time and money
i love how they cut the bald head out of close ups
finally glenn is actually bald like he actually is
I can't buy Glenn Howerton as bald 😂
research in motion has gotta be one of the greatest company names eva
losing blackberry was the biggest technological loss of Canada. No Canadian company has even been as powerful as Blackberry...Well maybe Shopify, But still Blackberry was different. It was a political tool. I remember middle east countries made it part of their demands that they get access to blackberry servers. The US president used a Blackberry up until Barrack Obama. The Canadian Government should have done more to support the company
Picture a channel that people go shopping on every wednesday… it’s like the force
Is this a high school graduation project, looks corny
Hopefully the movie pushes the stock higher
I  miss my blackberry...😐
Every life is precious so in any situation the gospel is needed: God so loved the world, That He have His only son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
Yays for Matt! I was wrecked about there being no more Nirvanna the band the show, this should make me feel a bit better, tho.  Edit: Also yays for Jay McCarrol doing the music!
What a relief that Jim Balsillie never got to own an NHL team.
Why in the hell do balding guys keep their hair when it looks like a clown 🤡 😂  Just shave that shit and you'd actually look younger
Email machine 😂
Great to see Jay making another movie. Great creator
Can we get a film about Speak and Spell or the Lightbright or anything or anyone that was popular within the last 50 years? I'm smelling Oscar buzz for the new Sally Jesse Raphael biopic!!!
god this looks like ass
I use my key2 and love it.  ❤ BB come back pls 🇮🇳
The cut to the black plane at area 51..
Кто знает будет ли этот фильм идти в кинотеатрах в России??
Был BlackBerry Classic. У них очень хорошие телефоны были
A period film about 1996...I feel attacked.😂😂😂
BB has such secure OS that CIA cant spy on its users,thats why US gov kiled it 😢 see Rob Braxman chanel
Green Hawthorn isn't  bald or Canadian. I feel  this role could have been done  by an actual bald Canadian.
I was there at the start and sold it to my Exec team, they loved it!
I wondering what movie Glenn shaved his head for. He never mentioned it on his podcast.
Umm. This looks amazing.
Stop making movies about retro products
SungWon!!!!
Yooo prozd with my boy Harry from mad men
@2:19 hey that's young Archibald!
BlackBerry, full penetration. One minute he's out selling phones the next he's back in the boardroom performing *outrageous* sexual experiments in this young woman.  This goes on for about 90 minutes until the movie just kind of ends.
Dennis has finally become Frank
https://youtu.be/cXL_HDzBQsM?t=130  MICHAEL IRONSIDE IS IN THE BUILDING !
Howerton is so talented.
Tetris. Air. Blackberry. I certainly see a certain trend in the 2023 movie landscape :)
Glen going for that Oscar!
Glenn has really carved out a niche for himself as "quiet psychopath you can still laugh at...haha..."
Lot of social media guys making it in to movie.  Scott Seiss in cocaine bear, prozd in this.  That’s 2…but it’s a lot.
Jay Baruchel has the wierdest gap between success level and fame level.  It's gotta be on purpose.
"I always aim right!"
Bout time Cap't Canada, where the heck ya been.
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.                              ./                                                                  /../,.  ,.
I am the last BB Mohican standing. They should have kept making phones because people want them.
I didn’t know Richard Simmons had anything to do with founding blackberry
Next movie is how they made the PlayStation
Holy shit SungWon!!!!
I didn't know Philadelphia was in Canada
PROZD?!
Blackberry was the 1st one in w/ the market, but also the 1st one out.  Personally I LOVED my Blackberry, probably more than any phone before touchscreens came out...
Why is it filmed like this. Why does the grey hair dudes wig suck so bad
My favourite phone ever - Blackberry Bold. All black. So sexy.
ProZD is in this?! 🤯🧠🌋
Finally always sunny Makin the bug screen
This is no starter film! It's a finisher film!
This loooksss awwwfuulll and overacted. When everyone looks like they're in costume it's not a good sign. The hairdos are hilariously bad! A movie about the blackberry? Whoever casted Jay and Glenn for these roles should lose their jobs. Hollywood must really be running out of ideas.
Love that Goodfellas reference at 1:51
ProZD in a movie with Jay Baruchel AND Glenn Howerton?? Whatever creative team put this cast together needs a major raise.
Seeing ProZD at the end gave me a fucking jump scare. Can’t believe he’s in movies now.
Jay baruchel an underrated actor he’s gonna kill this
yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
I hope this is excellent; bonne chance Baruchel
I thought it was a joke
*_I AM UNTETHERED AND MY RAGE KNOWS NO BOUNDS_*
No.
Yawn. About as exciting as a blackberry today.
This is look memorizing I used to have a blackberry
Howerton is so talented. The way he blends very sharp, succinct line reads with a somewhat restrained intensity I find incredibly captivating.
ProZd aka Sungwon is in this?!
Sungwon!!!!!  I hope he's promoting the expansion pack to Cows and Farms or whatever
Saw this today at sxsw and it rocked! Glenn Jay and Matt's performances had me dying laughing
Great to see the actor, Saul Rubinek in this.
SUNGWON?!?! I'm gonna watch the heck out of this!
Why does everyone's hair look so fake?
At the end you find out he's not who he claims to be and it's just Dennis gettin' off.
"You look like Lex Luthor" "Cool, he was the original"
Man I miss the blackberry days.
Next yr Hollywood will release the story of Samsung Galaxy S and in 2 yrs we’ll get the story of the Apple Watch. Very dramatic.
I see Jay I click - this is going to be soooo good
This has been at the top of my watchlist for a year as a die hard Matt Johnson and NtBtS fan. So happy to finally see a trailer.
That’s how you become Brian LeFevre!
Jay bird looks different here… Been so excited for another Matt Johnson project I love the casting in this and I can’t wait
No freaking way Finally! Please I hope it sticks to the actual storyline without embellishment. Still not over the fall of BlackBerry, can't wait to see this. Loved that phone, still have maybe 15 or so packed away. Not including the ones that I fried modding and repurchased. Did I miss the John Chin era in the trailer.
This looks awesome!
PEAK CINEMA!
That cameo in the last 10 seconds felt like Nick Fury showing up at the end of Iron Man
Loved Operation Avalanche and Nirvanna The Band The Show. I can't wait to see Matt's next project
Blackberry was the best fucking phone ever invented. I was seriously distraught when all my friends got iPhones and my BBMs fell off. I miss my blackberry
When you order the movie 'Steve Jobs' off wish
Frank got his greasy sausage fingers all over my blackberry
Sketchy wasn't used in 1996 so yeah
Just tell me where to buy tickets.
So this is why he shaved his head
Woot! Sung Won!
hell yea
the movie is in 90s and why does it look like its in 60s
This looks interesting
Looks good
I actually really miss blackberry.  I'm not big into new tech.  I'm 35 and my kids still watch vhs.
i love matt johnson
What I learned from this trailer: Bald people are evil.
Ugh.... Since social network they decided to tell us the stories of how other massively s***y companies started. Spotify movie made me hate Spotify witch I have never used to begin with, I have never used or owned a blackberry so I really don't give a s**t about blackberry, it was a  trash phone to begin with In every circle I new
Hell ya
A Blackberry golden god.
"Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears." --Les Brown
2:20 is that the famous food tryer SungWon Cho
WATERLOO REPREZENT!!!
1:50 the satisfaction of hanging up on people by slamming pay phones out of anger lol
You ever been in a storm, wally?
ProZD!
Dennis really lived up to his potential.
sign me UP
This looks fire
So glad they cast Glen he's awesome
So that’s why Glenn howerton had this haircut in the always sunny podcast lol.
This is going to be a great movie. You know because of the implication...
More Matt Johnson movies please
SUNGWON FOR THE WIN!
Wow I didn't even recognize Glenn Howerton at first. This is gonna be hilarious
Liberal cinema can’t make to many good movies so they make remakes, biographies and movies about big business that they pretend to hate. They also do action movies with guns that they hate.
We call it a Blackberry because of the implication....
Typed this comment using my blackberry.
Jay Baruchel is back!!
Yay! I love Jay Baruchel
Oh come on these movies are just getting ridiculous. They  going to make a drama movie about the Casio 70s watch next? How about another movie for the Palm pilot?
Jay and Glenn both look amazing in this both goddamn why'd you have to make them look so old 💀
it looks funny but why did they buy the wigs and bald cap from party city
I low key miss my 9900
NEW MATT JOHNSON MOVIE THIS IS NOT A DRILL
Looks like Glenn's rage knows no bounds with pay phones.
He is untethered and his rage knows no bounds!
I was halfway through the trailer before I realized who Glenn Howerton was playing.  Dennis would not be happy with that look.
Blackberry can easily make a comeback WITHOUT the giant screen
I thought this was a comedy sketch when I started watching this. Now I'm not entirely sure that it isn't
let's goooo
Oh another fictional movie about the beginnings of a famous product. Genius!
The Air Jordan movie. The Tetris movie. The Blackberry movie. All these movies lately about recent history are about products. All these movies about the most important groundbreaking things being the release of new corporate brands. Don't they kind of feel like commercials? I'm not even saying these are going to be bad movies, but is this really what our culture is? Is the history of our lives just a history of buying things? Is Hollywood so creatively bankrupt that now that they've run out of stories about nostalgic characters they're just giving us stories about nostalgic merchandise?
What's the song in this trailer?
I'm still a loyal Blackberry user.
Pirates of silicone valley for a new generation :).
I love how this looks low and high budget at the same time
No cameo by John Chen? Surprising considering he has stifled and undermined RIM/BB for the last decade with trivial insignificant progress. Nortel 2.0
Took me 90 seconds to recognise Glenn Howerton without his hair.
Just give him his TOOLS HE NEEDS HIS TOOLS
When the IPhone arrived, they dug their heels in and refused to give consumers what they wanted. By the time they responded with the BB Storm it was too late. Should make a good movie tho.
Big NTBTS fan and can't wait for Matt Johnson not only to be in it but director and writer for it!
Was not expecting ProZD to randomly show up at the end.
Everything about this looks great except the wigs.
They will be back.
Dennis!!!! hahahhaaha this is going to be awesome
Oh My God.. Does this mean I need to start posting videos on YouTube again?! CRACKBERRY LIVES!
First TETRIS now BLACKBERRY.  Isn't it weird that ALL OF THE NEW BIOPICS are about AMERICAN "Products" and less about PEOPLE.
Classic Dennis
I am ready to see this today..  I like stories loosely based on what actually happened.
I can smell the implication
Yo it's ProZD Let's fucking go!
Nice to see Glenn take off the wig
👏
Just another story about greed , curruption and money
Wow!
Im sorry but that dude hairpiece is so distracting I can't take it seriously. It's giving snl parody.
ProZD! Oh shit!
Man I remember i wanted a Blackberry as a kid.
I kept waiting for Glenn Howerton to show up..... lol
This looks 'student movie project' level.
I haven't been this genuinely excited for a feature length film in quite some time.
Glenn is in rare form! Can't wait to see his performance.
This is gonna be amazing. Not like the Delta Chelsea.
i don't understand who's the target audience ....
I MISS MY BLACKBERRY SO MUCH!!!!
you had me at Matt Johnson! this is gonna be good...
I worked for Blackberry 2005-2008 through Alltel. I wonder how similar this is to the company history I was fed? All I really remember is that the first prototype was made of balsa wood.
Oh Dennis is always sketchy!
"When D.e.n.n.i.s. Takes over a Cellphone company"
Interesting method to try and get a show at the Rivoli, but I'm here for it.
He hasn’t even begun to peak.
Operation Avalanche by Matt Johnson was really well made, looking forward to checking out his next film!
iasip
I wasn’t ready for the threatening aura of a bald Golden God
I've only had two phones in the last ten years, both BlackBerry. I got to see a prototype way back in the 2000's and had to sign an NDA, expired I hope, lol. I wish I could get a new one, I will be sad when this one dies
ProZD is in here. Sold
This casting is insane! ProZD (YT), Glenn Howerton (Always Sunny), Jay Baruchel (every comedy movie of the 2000s lol), Rich Sommer (Mad Men)... I feel like Matt took every type of media I enjoyed and brought the actors together lol. I'm so intrigued by this, and it looks so natural and interesting! I love Matt Johnson, hope this is great!
PRO!
the whole things look like an SNL sketch that I'd watch
so fucking hyped for this
Sungwon!  Woohoo!!
ProZD is in this too!
Really enjoyed this when I saw it a few weeks ago in Ireland, can't wait to see it again!
Is this a joke? We're just getting excited for dramatized versions of products? R-rated Nike now this? Terrible. Take a lap.
the type is so clean, hoooly
Hell yeah SungWon!
Holy fuck Matt Johnson is one of the best to ever do it
Matt Johnson finally putting out another masterwork!
I AM A GOLDEN GOD!!!!!!!
Elastika!!!!!
I loved my blackberry and to this day i had no better phone.
Matt!!!!!!
Eh.
Very intriguing
Words can't express how down I am for this film. Oh. Wait.
I need this
OK, this is epic
Oh hell yeah elastica
Super curious who funded this movie. Great cast,  It looks funny.
prozd jumpscare
This was a blast to work on. So happy it's finally coming out.
Looks like some de-aging is being used here? Excited for this, but that and the wig look horrible.
Who's all here for ProZD?!?
Still using my KEYone!
Did not recognize Glenn Howerton without his hair. Happy to see ProZD in this!
THEY GOT PROZD??
I'm so excited for this! I've been craving more Matt Johnson content.
Nice to see the Golden God Unbound at last.   On a serious note, this looks very promising, I'm definitely interested.
Jay we missed you!!!
bro you're trolling
Sungwon!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Holy shit!
We are all going to love this movie.... because of the implication
the best engineer in ....Canada.  ouch
This looks worse than the Ashton Kutcher Steve Jobs movie.
so jay's in a movie where he invents the cellphone??? but he already did that in night at the museum 2!!!!!
BAW GAWD!! MATT JOHNSON!!!!
If the daniels could make an oscar winner, maybe Matt Johnson could have a chance
This just made me want to watch a movie where Glenn Howerton plays Skip Bayless
This looks fun. Cheap as fuck (like "worringly cheap", almost "we're making a fake trailer to parody movies about tech companies" levels of cheap) but at the same time it does look like it's going to be very fun and I like everyone in the cast I recognize so I'd definitely check it out when it comes out.
The first half of the trailer won me over, but the ProZD appearance completely sold me
That ending of the trailer was a surprised for sure!
I'm really curious how they are going to portray my cousin in this movie...... considering he started full time with them in 1999 as a software developer responsible for making the Blackberry OS.
MATT JOHNSON!!!
He'll make blackberry work. He's a 5 star man
why do so many modern films look like school projects and will general magic, the real creators of the first smartphone, be mentioned?
Jay should be in every movie.
PREPARE TO WITNESS THE GREATEST ACTOR IN CINEMATIC HISTORY LADIES AND GENTLEMEN IT'S THE GOLDEN GOD HIMSELF GLENN FRANKLIN HOWERTON III
WE WILL BE WATCHING!!!!!
ProZD sighting! SungWon Cho is hilarious.
If Sungwon isn't in the next season of Nirvanna the Band we riot
So this is the new "thing"? A movie about tetris is coming out. A movie about the nike jordans is coming out. Is the well really that dry?!
what are we doing? seriously?
omg ProZD!
This is The Social Network all over again...
what the fuck is SungWon doing here????? such an unexpected sighting
The acting in this looks AMAZING I can't wait to see it.
Rich Sommer and SungWon Cho? Its the Hollywood and boardgaming community crossover of the century!
trailer is sick! can't wait!!!! i miss my blackberry!!!! i love jay baruchel!!!!!!
Holy Shit, Sungwon is in the movie! 😄
Looks great. Can't wait for it. Hopefully it will be released in France as well.
Why don't you people invest in adding captions?
While watching the Sunny podcast Ive been waiting to see what film Howerton shaved his head for and this DOES NOT disappoint! The GOLDEN GOD AND HIS TOOLS… “for ya know… binding up- b-bondage gear…”😂🤣
Nice. Going to watch it asap.
Fuck yeah. Can’t wait
So happy for Matt Johnson. This looks great.
no.
the golden god himself
Stop
SungWon!
