We look for " *team tellmethedetails* " in search engine every time when I need some.
I look for " *team tellmethedetails* " in search engine every time when I need some.
I look for " *tellmethedetails team* " in G  O  G  L  e every time when I need some.
Can you still get it
SO glad I found this channel! 😁😛 Thanks for the great PS content!
Looks like these games are March's free games as well :(
Why i dont havr control in my free game?!Only concrete Genir,bloodstained,biped.
I rather get control than bloodstained and biped
Ultimate Edition features are not accessible to the PS4 :(
Why there no control in my account?
I see sonic fox made a debut in destruction all stars..
oh Dios mío, Lina lucasjoggle tech me quitó la prohibición de mi ps4 a un precio muy asequible
Destruction allstars isnt free ??
Lmao u can go on the ps plus store to get the ps5 games. On iPhone or website
control has been changed with bloodstained I'm from region 3
Is Control worthit
Please give us batman like a free game on march
Can I download PsPlus Games from 2019/2020 if I get the Ps Plus for the first time now? Thanks for the answer.
Prix
Great line up.  Been Eyeing up Concrete Genie since launch.  Already played Control but looking forward to playing through the Ultimate edition dlc.  Very happy
Guys my plus doesnt let me download control its a bunch of other games. Are my servers too late or has it passed?
Destruction Allstars isn't on the list..anyone else have thus problem??
Why do i have Bloodstained and Biped instead of Control. Lol
Lmfao who is a PlayStation 5 owner and who would be at this stage who wants to own that breeze block
Asian ps store only has the ps5 version of control. Bullshit.
Dont have a ps5 yet but got the control through the app. Though i cant see the ps4 version as free in the store.
I can't access Control. Can anyone help me with that?
guys why there's no control on my ps plus free rotation. There is concrete genie but no control, instead there's bloodstained that replace control. Is it a bug or does control only available on us region? I'm using asia region btw
concrete genie is so good
I have no control game in my ps plus
The only thing that’s true is Concrete Genie. Where are the others?
I just checked and control is not part of free games. They changed to Bloodstained. Why!
control not available to ps4?
Reg 3 didn't get control 😔😔😔😔
Is control for free on ps4 for ps+ members? I don't have it on my ps+ free games can someone help?
We need NBA 2k21 for march please
omg i have the normal version of control on xbox but i never bought the upraged version because money but control is literally my favorite game of all time. i can play everything again with raytracing and no lag from my old xbox one
Is it true February psn plus is free not to cost again?
Should make it so ps4 owners can still add ps5 games to library.  Chances are by the time ppl can even buy a ps5 that game will be gone.
Control is awesome. Platinum'd it but i'll play it again now
In Thailand, I can't find Control on my PS4
Is control ultimate edition available free on ps4? Im confious
Sadly, in the Hong Kong PS Store, Control is a PS5 exclusive. However, PS4 owners do get two Indie games: Bloodstained:Ritual of the Night, and Shio
She said last but not least, but it was least and everyone knows it
Why it show different in my ps4? Control still not free.
Control was wonky and i could not care less for jessie... That kids game is bunz too
Is control good?
what happened to those that bought it this month on sale?
I do miss this voice on WhatCulture..
can you guys bring back black ops 3 or advanced warfare ?
Control is not available in Asian account. The free games in Asia are Bloodstained, Biped, and Concrete Genie.
So what's with all the people who just can't get their hands on a ps5 because of fcking scalpers? Do we miss out on these free ps plus games or does Sony have a plan to have them available longer? This whole situation is so frustrating 😕
Apparently Sony thought its a good idea to alienate the ps4 users in Asia by not giving Control on ps4
How to download destruction alstars ob ps4 so i can play later on ps5 ? Those anybody know
huehuehuehuehue im so grateful that i waited this long for the price of Control to drop.. now i even get it for free
SG region account users, check the Control, only the PS5 version is free not the PS4 version
I cant find CONTROL on psplus?
Finally games I never owned or played thank you sony.
Question about Control: I claimed both versions but the PS4 only shows the base game for me. How do I get the Ultimate edition to download to my PS4?
I can’t find control on my hongkong account 😩 help!
Wow. Control is not available for Playstation Asia. Just wow. Racial profiling is going digital
We at least there will be 1 good game this month..
No Control for Asian Region. You disappoint me Sony.
I got no control on my free ps+.. is there region difference? ?
Meanwhile Asia decides to put the same games for free except Control by replacing it with another game no ones heard about
Control is not available in ps4
Bruh Control is only for PS5
Why I don't get it ?
Is it just me? I can't see control ultimate edition on my ps plus membership on a base ps4 console
6th month in a row that I have wasted my money :(
Control is one of the best games to ever come out, ever. Case closed.
I have the plat for Concrete Genie, it's such a beautiful and heart warming game, doesn't get nearly enough love!!
The worst games ever
Control looks like a really cool game.. too bad I can’t play it because I’m not allowed to play M rated games.....
Is control available for ps4 or just for the ps5
We need NBA 2k21
why aren’t they showing for me its february 2nd
When control ps4 ver comes out
Has anyone else had this problem, there still showing January games when I qlick on the Febuary FREE games Picture.
Well this months a big sack of knackers! Those xbox dudes get spoilt.
First time I’ll be grabbing every single game for the month. So excited to play these on my PS5
BEST PS PLUS MONTH SO FAR!
damn Control aint free for playstation 4 players?? Guess u lied to us :(
Ps4 players don’t have the Option to Play destruction allstars
Control is ps4 game, but free for ps5 only, weird, we subscribe ps+ at the same price
They pulled a fast one, ps4 users in asia won’t get control
I was expecting control game on the list...i don't see it
If I redeem this from a PS4 when I get the PS5 will they update?
Bad
Yayyy Ive always wanted to play concrete genie
SEA PS Plus doesn't have Control. :(
Did sony change the two games??? Just check, Bloodstained and Biped are included with Concrete Genie...
Control PS5 only... Disappointed 😢
The best song in control , you might have hearded it but its nowhere on lists etc. It's exhalus beneath and it is one of the first radio songs when you get your firat " checkpoint " . It's in the area with the other people and the woman you talk with at the very start of the game.
Ash from whatculture? Didnt know you were on here.
I was looking forward to playing control this week but they replaced iy with bloodstained and biped on SG
So glad I watched this video. Didn’t know Control was free. Thank you!
Control is only playable in PS5, welp man down 🙃
Control is an amazing game. I played it on PS Now and always wanted to play the full game ever since, I never finsihed it.
I'm jealous of people who can play control because it is not available in ps plus in asia. :<
There is no control 😭
HK psn account doesnt include control, seriously?
I know it's probably due to the launch of the PS5 but they have really upped their game when it comes to monthly games. Can't wait to try out control for the first time with the PS5 enhancements.
every one saying control is nice should i download it?
She talks about the ps5 like everyone already has one
Hmm 🤔 maybe I'm the only one not really excited about the PS+ Games for February..... Come to think about it I'm never excited for them , I only purchase PS+ so that I can game online. I usually purchase the games I want as they are released so getting them from a PS+ subscription years after release does me no good .
And why cant i find any of this games in ps plus? In app
Good with all of them but wish they picked something else instead of control 😖
Control is an absolute steal, from what I’ve heard. I wasn’t looking to get the game, but if it’s free...
Dm *lex.logs* on instagram to help you out in hacking and converting ps4 to ps5
Dm *lex.logs* on instagram to help you out in hacking and converting ps4 to ps5
Dm *lex.logs* on instagram to help you out in hacking and converting ps4 to ps5
It should be better...
ive been bored since waiting for new games to come because i already played all my games but when i saw this now im gonna play my ps4 forever
Since control has been included in ps plus membershipnand xbox gamepass,I really hope epic gives away control for free for pc
Maybe I’ll try control from the reviews of it sounds pretty good. It’d be a brand new game to me.
I hope the next month gonna be better 😒
So what time do they actually come out?
Ps plus games are so garbage
CONTROL!!!
Is there hdr available
Sony rarely gives PS Exclusive games for free
Am I the only person that's not A YouTuber who has A ps5??
Can't not wait for destruction all stars 🤩
What's a PS5?
Ps5 gang where you at???!!!!
Man i thought it was ganna be rainbow six sage
omg yes, i was gonna buy Control this week but thank god i didnt have enough money
Just curious  If I buy PSN plus next week can I get control?
OMG LETS GOO CONTROL
Video games are dead.
I already got Control on My Xbox One but I will be looking forward to Concrete Genie which Shall be my next Play Station Exclusive
Seems rather soon for a game like Control, and ultimate edition too. Looks like I'm gonna have to renew that subscription.
Great lineup!
This is one of the best months the service has ever had. I’ll be downloading all three games as soon as they’re available. I’m especially excited for Control.
My Ps5 is pretty much collecting dust for most of the week. Control looks like something that’ll get me interested again in playing again.
Can we have code vein this year, i kinda like this game
Concrete genie is an absolute joy, easy platinum too.
Control for Ps4 or Ps5 ?
I am annoyed my aunt got me control for Xmas and now it’s free. Smh 🤦‍♂️
Finnally something good after months!
Still glad I bought Control Ultimate edition lol
I can’t believe they made early adopters get the ultimate edition separately, lied about it, and are now just giving it away for free.
Actually didnt look bad🤔👍
Literally bought it 7 weeks ago
Concrete Genie reminds of Okami and is great :-)
I just got control a week ago and will pass my physical copy of it on to my brother now.
So shart games
Just bought it in the summertime.  F
Literally NOONE will play with these games ffs -.-
Shitly games
Strange...I see people excited, but I was little bit dissapointed seeing video..Not my type games  : - |
Pile of garbage all 3
Just beat control on Xbox so now it’s time for the dlc on ps4
Irs great to hear Ashes voice again
For Control   I recommend turning of the HUD  It makes the immersion much more deeper and looks great on PS4 Pro
If you see a game disappear from PSN, expect it on the free plus games in a few months. Exactly what they did with this month's Tomb Raider and what they're doing with Control.
Meh..
Damn it, I heard civ 6 might have been free. Sigh.
More offline games damn bouta just stop paying for ps plus
ugghh I rlly wanted destruction all stars is it only for ps5???
Some of those who bought control recently are demanding refunds. Ridiculous crybabies really.
This is really sweet - I've been excited to try Destruction AllStars but I've also really wanted to play the other two offerings and never got to it due to a great big backlog. Very good month for me :)
Wow might get PS Plus again to download Control.
Aassshhhhhh, from What Culture???!!!!
I was so close to buying Control a couple weeks ago. So glad I wated!  Destruction Allstars,.... this going to be a micro transaction nightmare? I think I'll like Concrete Gene as well..... good month.
I was wondering if the last game was ps4 and I’m so excited it is control looks cool too
Control is an incredible game! Highly recommend everyone to grab it.
Its Ash!!!!! What culture is not the same😒
Second consecutive month where no titles interest me.
😂😂😂my friend just bought control a week ago .. a moment of silence for that poor guy😂😩
Can’t wait to play this
When exactly do they come out? 1 Feb?
This is one of the best offers we got for quite some time.
Shite
As always Thank you all at PS access for being here and sharing your work and lives with us. I hope 2021 is an awesome year for the team! I never did buy control, it was always on a backlog in my head. This is a nice treat.
Ps5 owner here👍🏽
Some great games for the month of my birthday, mad hyped glad i switched to playstation this year
Thank you PlayStation family . :)
No ghost of tsushima ???
I'm happy I bought Control during some PS4 sale last year, meaning I gave money to the developpers. It's really worth it in my opinion. Platinumed it with joy.
Finally Control YES! Glad I waited.
I've always wanted both of them especially control and now it's free 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰🔥🔥🔥
Can't wait to play destruction allstars
Ash! I wondered where you went!
My opinion Is that these are not Best choice
Finally some good food!
*yes*
Yuck
pls wait ı cant buy ps5 ı cant find :.(
CONTROLLLLL HELLYA!!!!
Please i want borderlands2
Ughh I bought the standard edition of Control a while ago on sale and still haven't played it. Can you still download the ultimate edition to get the expansions?
i want minecraft dungeon its free:(
Note that PS4 owners can claim PS5 titles from the Playstation mobile app.
Finally some decent games.  PS5 version of control will be interesting.  Can play concrete genie in vr.  Also may give destruction all stars a whirl, but not really one for multiplayer online games.
I know this is nothing to do with the video but can you guys please do a tutorial for the mess that is the import system for hitman 3?  The actual outcome is awesome but getting there is confusing as hell.  Just a brief tutorial on how to import the levels from hitman 1 and 2 to play in hitman 3 in the new game engine on ps5. The pricing on the store is confusing and feel some people may purchase things they don’t need.  Thanks
Control is amazing. I got the platinum trophy on it. I will play the dlc’s. Noice!
Booo wayyyyy... Control and concrete genie...tnx
Yo I think both ps4 games are cool but in March can we have multiplayer games
In my country,Greece, the ps5 is out of stock and i wanted to try out the DESTRUCTION ALL-STARS game so much!!! Hit the like for an "F in the chat"
Do asia have control on ps4?
I originally was planning on buying Control until this came up as PS PLUS February.  Glad I didn't do it.
Daaaamn almost bought Control! Nice!
Good thing they didn't provide Horizon Zero Dawn mahn I just bought it 2 weeks ago
It's definitely a great lineup. I've wanted to play Control for ages. It's great that the edition has all the DLC as well. Concrete Genie looks like a fun game to play. I'm not getting a PS5 in a while, so I won't be able to play Destruction All-Stars, but it looks like a nice addition to those who have a PS5.
DON'T 👏 PRE-ORDER 👏 GAMES 👏  I don't even feel sorry for the people who pre-ordered Control on PS5. Game had such a bad reputation you deserve to lose your money
PS plus has been solid ever since gettin rid of PS3 games.
I've never heard of control but it looks epic! The force is strong with her
Damnit!!? I just bought both greed fall and control in December.... by the way any one playing control tip do the a.w.e (Alan wake) dlc last, makes the gameplay more balanced.
Another month of junk....
Control yes destruction all stars nope
Yes, yes, yes
Who else just bought Control a few days ago and hope to get a full refund?
This is SO good!! Amazing games
Great I always wanted to play Control but wasn't sure about it and now I can
Control is a amazing game hope to those that haven't played it well
Control (PS4+5), Destruction All-stars (PS5), Concrete Genie (PS4+5). You're welcome.
Gta arena wars is looking a bit different
Rent, not own.
Haha I've been eyeing out Control😁😋
yes control.hell yeah
Im not interested by the games, in the ps plus, there are only bad games. The last game i take was in august or july,  fall guys.
So rip off resident evil and rocket league?
Dammit. Of course they would offer a good lineup just when my subscription expires.
For the first time since ps plus first launched, I have not played any of these games
This is dope
I basically have played all games released on plus on now
One can only try to understand an equal, judgement occurs from a pedestal 🚩
So when  is this coming out on ps3
Super obsessed with these videos! Stay safe everyone 🙏❤️
I've been interested in getting Concrete Genie since it first came out, but kept putting off buying it. Glad I waited.
ASH MILLMAN, BABY!!
*Control is INCREDIBLE! Don't know how well it holds up on console, but PC on max settings is the most stunning physics based game I've ever experienced.* ❤️
Hell yeah rocket league 2 is here
Didn’t we already get control a few months ago??????
Bruh they really kept putting it on sale everytime trying to finesse us
I just bought control two weeks ago 😐 I knew I should’ve waited
We need new ps now games
1 day we will not get indie games noone cares about
Control reminds me of Psi-ops
I LOVE YOU WWG1WGA WW GBTG
Does anyone actually know anything about Destruction all stars... we all seen the same trailer but I don't think we have yet got any evidence of gameplay yet....makes me worry that the developer isn't confident with the gameplay
Loved the game but it felt way too much time to put into for me
This is why playstation beats out xbox everytime
you guys are easily pleased im not impressed
most of ps plus games are the same with ps now not cool
Hell yeah!
Nice! I was so close to buying control a few weeks ago and it has a ps5 version!?! Finally more than 2 games to play lol
Don't have ultimate editon but free, should have waited
But where do I get  ps5?
I know good and well they didn’t put Control free and I literally bought it like 2 weeks ago!?!? Well it was only 20 dollars so eh it’s Ight
Let me know when you (Sony) start selling PS5s direct to customers, cause right now in the UK every time GAME gets some stock in the scalper bots buy it all and then it's up on eBay at nearly triple the price later that day!
OMG Feb the second couldn’t get here any faster top games to look forward to 😃
Concrete Genie looks like a great game to play while high AF on edibles. Can't wait 🥰
Guys i have a ps4 pro, buying the PS Plus i will have all of this games?
The only games I buy full price are ones I've been waiting in anticipation for. Anything else, I wait for sales
Ah pity... I already finished Control on PC. Well, not a Neckbreaker. Life's go on.  Concrete Genie on the other Hand is very welcomed! And Destruction Allstars...well, let's see if i can grab a PS5 until the PS+ Offer expires.
Holy damn control?? That game was so awesome it was a fun fun platinum I tried it for free on psNow... now I could get it Again
Please address the PS5 scalping issue. There are so many people that would like to buy one and not spend an arm and leg.
Happy for control. Thank u ps
Wow... just wow cuz they always screw up the game selections at the last moment. They had no man's sky and far cry 4 before switching to both of these garbage, Control not too much but concrete genie, please  spare me from falling asleep.
Best month ever. Concrete looks so good
I'm looking forward to control. I was getting to pick it up as a Valentines day present from my cat. Now he can spend his pennies elsewhere.
Control looks so good, never heard of that game.
Wow!  That's an amazing line up!  I never finished Control on PS4 because the frame rate slowed down so much it became unplayable!  I saved my progress to the cloud but would that transfer to PS5 version?  Concrete genie is a great game too!
I wish that we could vote for ps plus games
Alright last month was kinda bad for me I did not like lara and the other rpg but this month will be good
Giving control for free because they realised no one wanted to rebuy a full priced game just to get the ps5/series x version lmao no wonder they also put it on gamepass trying to grasp at any money they can get to make up for the lack of sales  Trying to force people who already have the game to pay full price for an upgrade was such a scumbag move and they definitely lost some of my respect because i personally loved the game
Great month.
Sigh...I played control when it was on PS Now last year...I just picked up the ultimate edition when it was on sale last month to wrap up the DLC.
I'll pay for ps plus this month, finally a worthy game; Control!
Control was a game I wanted to buy but not 100% on this will give me a idea of what its like so i know if I want a physical copy or not the other 2 ill add to my library but not as interested as I am in control
Playstation grenade is better than this shite channel smh
aw man, i bought Control and Tomb Raider during black friday, so I really robbed myself these past couple months. if only i had just waited lol
Still not worth it spending $80 a year
“Click the notification bell so you are always up to date with all of our lovely videos on everything PlayStation 2” lol nice I do miss news about PS2
It's unfair that PS4 subscribers get less games while paying the same as PS5 subscribers. Especially considering that PS5 consoles are impossible to get.
Best ps plus month ever!!
Worst games at plus
Hell yea! Right when my 3D pulse headset gets delivered. VERY impressed with the PS5 🤘
Wowww i almost buy this games!!!!
I was waiting to play Control for on PS5 great games!
Can we play spilt screen with Destruction All-star
Amazing month of games
Best PS Plus month ever
That is great news  Thanks PlayStation for this free games ❤❤❤
I still don’t own a ps5
I'm out of control!
Thnk God almost buy control. Even better its the bundle dlc edition.
Why even add/announce the PS5 exclusive game when only like, 7 people are going to be able to download it?
Not that good this month
This is the second month in a row that it's all three games I'm interested in and didn't have the chance to play yet. Seriously with me huge backlog of about twenty games I really think I should hold off from buying games for a while if the line up keeps getting this awesome.^^
I already have control and the foundation expansion, can i get the awe expansion for free from here? Anyone can help?
That ash kid from concrete genie looks alot like that kid from despicable me
Is the playstation store going to allow me to add control ultimate edition to my library if I already own the original and dlcs because I won't get the ps5 upgrade otherwise
Make a PSNOW version of this video already!
This is a great lineup!
What a month
Pointless even advertising for ps5 whats the point? Really who even has one ?
OMG I almost bought Control
This seems like the best lineup in a while to me. Just the fact that its a ultimate edition and not the base edition so that i later have to buy the DLC is a huge thumbs up for me :D
A moment of silence for the people who just bought these games
Control is awesome! The best game of 2019. Remedy are the best!
Thank you playstation
I'm so happy for control 😁
Wow ps plus killing it this time !!
this games so stupit in 2018 have cool games
can we get some shmups or fighting games
wow, February is a power house for PS Plus, excited for all of these
I also want to play control...very good game
concrete genie and control look really cool
Wait will those be on ps4 as well
Plz leave  car games
Don't toy with me woman!!
Hong Kong PSN and Malaysia PSN give out Control at PS5 only.  And the funny thing is, we can only own a PS5 by Playstation official lucky draw! They do NOT include PS4 Control is a very bad marketing decision and unacceptable.
With Destruction All Stars being available for two months, does that mean no new ps5 plus game for March?
Never heard of Concrete Genie. Looks pretty interesting. Can't wait to check it out next month.
Just give me free plus
What?! I just bought Control few days ago in January sale 😢
Outside of Control. Why do all these characters look androgynous af? There's no discernible identity outside of "market research=this is what Mexicans wear" costumes?  Lol
i just got ps plus for my ps4 pro just to play online on mortal kombat x. really missed that game and i got a few ps plus games. mainly play on pc so i am happy to get on my ps4 pro. still play on my ps3 more but enjoy the ps4 pro. not getting a ps5 but playing control on pc. not on consoles
lets goooooo! was looking forward to getting destructon all stars, concrete genie i was going to buy but didnt and control is another great game which for some reason i havent played. What a month probably one of the best months yet. And  it all becomes available on my bday.
Probably the best month I've seen since owning a PS4.
So can we get the ps5 free game if already have ps plus on ps4 and just wait until we get a ps5 to download
thank you sony
Hey Playstation how about you do like you advertise and make these games truly free instead of holding them ransom behind a pay wall. It's like the one thing Xbox dose better then you
-Bought Control on Steam December 2020 -Control Added to Gamepass January -Control Added to PS+ February.  🤔
I almost bought control a few days ago... Glad I got shadow of Mordor instead.
meanwhile asia psn only got control on ps5 only(Ps5 havent reach some asian counties yet), in other words asia got treated like second rate customers again.
this is best ps plus month in history
We're getting 2 free next gen games next month? Yaaasss!  I counted Control as well because its the Ultimate Edition.
I came so close to buying control the other day! But got demons souls cheap so im glad i held off
Damn a whole 2 weeks after I bought control on sale smh
This month is bad for me :(
The one game I want and it’s ps5 only..peachy
noice
I just bought control ultimate edition!!!!! :(
I really love this channel 💯
Haha, I just sold Control to make money. And now I am gonna have it again
And here I thought the January ps plus lineup was the best in a while. Hope they keep this up with great titles all year.
Already played both Control and Concrete Genie. Amazing games none the less. I wish Destruction All Stars could've been a cross gen title, it looks pretty fun, I'd give it a try.
Control (PS4) not available for Asia region.
Wowww right after it was on sale for Xmas. Wasted purchase
What a disappointment
CONTROL AND ALLSTARS. YEAH IMA BE HAVING FUN THIS MONTH
heccerz line up
oh my! Feb got  2 of my favorite Wishlist game, Control and Concrete Genie! thanks PS!
Thankful for a good month for once.
Can't wait to play "Alan Peaks" 😊
Yoo playstation make okami free one of these months plz
Control - Ultimate Edition Destruction Allstars Concrete Genie
I'm here for the PlayStation 2 games 🤣🤣🤣🤣 did anyone else noticed ?  0:21
ي
I got confused, will Control be on ps4 plsplus members? Or just ps5? Or just Desturction all stars? Are there region restrictions? TIA
Played base Control, looking forward to the whole package, loved it in day 1 form.
This is amazing, To bad i gotta delete half my library to download these games due to PS5 Horrendous Storage. Still excited.
I love the fact she's not even a gamer but announcing titles... who u blowing to get the job honey
Sony: let's bring some joy to our community.      Xbox: let's bring more money for us.
Am I the only one wanting more ps2 games on psnow?
I thought that we should get this month FARCRY V 😐
asia can get same games???
Playstation showing is mad love in February
First time in months since I've gotten a month that has games I don't have. (Last months I've had ALL of the games) I was eyeing concrete genius. Nice
Control ftw! Never saw it coming. Pun intended 😁
I was about to buy control just 2 days ago i’m happy i didn’t lol
I was planning on buying Control during the holiday sale but held off on it to try and get through my back log. Couldn’t be happier
Didint even need to watch my mans @BranSnakes had the comment at the top
What a month gentlemen, what a month 👏 Playstation.
Just bought control with the dlcs ooof 20 dollars gone
lmao i just bought control
So glad i will never give sony another penmy
Thank you self control for not buying Control from psn monthly sales and Thank you sony for giving Control for free now I have to get my controller.
OMG! Always wanted to play Control! and despite having a comercial and stereotypical visual style, destruction all stars looks genuinely fun
Can anyone tell me if all these games will be available on PS4? Or if one or two of them will only be on PS5?
Control is so weird, but so awesome
help me
ЛУЧШИЙ МЕСЯЦ ! ААААААААААААААААААА!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Great news and icing on the cake 3:55 Go Praystayshiyonnn!
one of the worst
I have control already but having the ps5 version is cool. Was gonna buy concrete gene so glad i held off. All round great month this time around.
Ow wow. Control came out of game pass pc a week ago and since i have a potato laptop I can’t play it properly, but dang it’s on playstation plus nice i can play it on my ps4 pro. Whut. Nice one psplus. They should actually add more “worthy” games on it.  Patience is your ally my friend.
My curse... I just bought Control like two weeks ago.  lol  Oh well.   :-)
Play/buy *Concrete Genie* *Pixelopus* deserve the support
Ash Millman has come a long way since whatculture, good for her :)
Ehhh none seem appetizing for games been like this for the past 6 months
W
2021 just had two straight months of BANGER games 🙌🙌
I already platinumed Control when it was on PSNow but am SUPER excited to play the dlc. Concrete Genie looks interesting as well!
Well this is good prevents me from buying a physical copy of it for my ps5 just keep the ps4 copy download the ps5 one awesome it's included pretty much free when they drop
1. Control (good game) 2. Car fortnite (😐) 3. Concrete Genie (good game)
Really good month ! will be playing both Concrete Genie and Control on my PS4 Pro !
I held off for so long from buying CONTROL. It’s an awesome game and Recently and regretfully purchasing it for Christmas As a nice gift for myself. $30 Dollars mind you,  not bad not good. Fast-Forward to Literally yesterday, (January 27th)  I had gotten 1 of 3 last trophies needed to platinum.   A certain trophy needed was unfortunately glitched out due to corruption of data, to get around this; I figured I’d have to do a new game and without searching for guarantees I just hope. Despite it however I was encouraged to wake up extra early before work and test my luck.    Looks like my luck was pretty awesome cuz it went exactly as planned; which usually doesn’t happen, I’ve had a few games on my old ps4 account where games refused to cooperate. Nonetheless I feel my Ego go up and a  Gratifying grin overtake me from gaining my well deserved platinum trophy. As I proceed onto work. Shoulders up and proud, break finally arrives. In which I happen to glance at my phone. A jolt of fear and somewhat disgust in gulfs me. There it was “FREE NEXT MONTH” FEBRUARY!!! MY DAMN BIRTH MONTH!!!!!!   First it was a Agonizingly deep sigh. Immediately, like a truck. I brain blast myself with of all the information. All the dedication, disheartening corruption of data, and the satisfactory decision of gifting myself such a wonderful game; which made the Platinum evermore deserving. THROWN OUT INTO THE GARBAGE!!! Replaced with Anger, irritation, and irony  As if I was frozen in time.  I exasperatedly stared off into the distance, phone in hand, thinking only one thought; “huh, how Unlucky” lol
Ooh, Concrete Genie! I hadn't yet gotten to that one! 😀
If you play ps now on pc will your friends see you online?
Nice games
This month's offerings are amazing. Control, a game of the year candidate was always on  my list. Now I don't have to wonder what all the fuss was all about
Wow all 3 games I will play this is a first for me on plus very happy month. Control defo worth a playthrough, all stars looks a bit of goofy fun and concrete genie looks like one for the kids
Yesss finally I dont have these games
Only game that looks interesting is concrete genie
Im really not believing rn that im saying this and joining the rest of the "I just bought the game RIP" People but i really did just buy the ultimate edition of control 2 weeks ago so yea uh..   RIP
That car game looks really fun cant wait to play with friends 😁😁😁
That's the first time they offer the ultimate edition version of a game on ps plus! That's AWESOME! :D
I will try it but looks like garbage for free ps
Control is so underrated
Jeez.... that Xbox game pass is loot better ..a loot
Oh wow they're actually giving out the ultimate edition of Control. That is pretty cool.
Dang, a month where I want to play every game! What a treat.
For those who bought Control recently you can get a refund.  I just did.
I just bought control ultimate edition for $20 on sale for my ps5 ... didn’t know I can feel played getting a game for $20 lol
... still want to to get the pc version of for raytracing. Unless ps5 control gas raytracing?
Control kinda look like I could be a continuation of the infamous games.
When u buy a game January and it’s free February 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷
I just finished CONTROL on ps4, can't wait to play it again on the PS5 again!
Looks like a great month !
PS Plus free games has been such a hit that I have no time to buy new games, I just play the free ones.
Good lineup but still peed off that i missed out on maneater because of scalpers....not for the players anymore.... "For the Scalpers"
I'll give both of my kidneys for a ps5 atm
Noooooo, I just bought Control. And again rip to all the players who just bought these games...
I love the writing and narration for this video!
Wow!
Noice juan
I'm so looking forward to these game control and destruction all stars looks amazing!
Hi, can anybody give me a PlayStation plus account?? If needed, I can give in game items e.g. rocket league items/GTA money/ Fortnite gifts in exchange for the account!
Awesome i was going to buy control sooner or later and try out concrete genie. Both are free now for ps plus awesome.
control is a great game
Stoked they are going with the Ultimate Ed for Control. It's nice to get all the "bells and whistles" along with the game. Looking forward to it
So not only are we unlucky...mass? Not able to secure a new gen console months after release, but now we are punished further with losing out on games that are free to PS5 :/ truley these are the darkest days! 😂🤔😡
Best month ever!
- Buy Control - Wait until February PS Plus games are released - return control bc I didn't play it, addicted to DOOM
Was holding of to buy control and i almost bought concrete genie so this month is very awsome i,m going to enjoy getting those 2 platina,s and the ride i get while playing 🥰
Absaloute shite
Playstation. Just keep up this way. This is best month for a long time. I never tried control, but a lot of people say its great, and it looks interesting. And with ultimate edition with dlcs it looks damn good. My eye was always catching up on concrete genie. And destruction all stars looks very hyped. Playstation keep up this way! ❤
0:20 "all of our videos on everything playstation 2" - Finally. People have been neglecting this console.
0:15 PlayStation 2? My God, I've gone back in time!
Finally some games I haven't got on PlayStation plus definitely gonna get control
Sony is outdoing themselves this month.
Wow incredible line up of PS+ games I’m genuinely excited for each one!
Definitely the best lineup for a while, would potentially play all 3 of these at some point.
Certainly pretty visuals in February's plus line up.
Wow!!!! A very good month!!! Christmas came late!
Control ultimate edition nice thank you 👍 I'm really gonna enjoy it 😁
If Sony keeps up playstation plus like this, they've rivaled game pass.
I thought of buying control, nice add to plus 😀
Oh great. Destruction Allstars has a furry. >.>
Planning to buy control but you will have for free nice.
So the people who purchased Control ultimate edition physical to upgrade to ps5 got fully ripped off then.....
First
2 month window? So 1 less game next month?
Alright concrete genie and control!
BEST MONTH EVER!!!! FINALLY 2 GAMES I ACTUALLY WANT!
I'm excited for these games, and I can't wait to get my hands on a PS5, I've been trying since it came out but I've had no luck
Finally a great month
Thought about control before
Since the website redesign, I'm finding it harder to find the "add to account and purchase" buttons. It would be really great if all free PS+ games were added to my account automatically without requiring intervention. I've missed out on games in the past because I didn't click the button that month. Pretty annoying. If I'm a subscriber at the time the licenses should just be added automatically
Control has been in the backlog for a while, now we get ultimate edition. That is awesome.
Superb again
What a line-up! 3 games I was keen try but not sure if I'd buy.
First time in a while a lot of people are happy.
Ultimate edition of control! Woah thank you Sony.
I can barely control myself
Finally, 2 games games I've wanted, held off buying them, now there free.  (not free). Cool.
Concrete genie is the best out of these
I'd like to make use of these on a PS5... If I could get one. Do something about the scalpers!!
Was about to shell out for the ultimate edition, thank God I didn't
Control is great, hope progress passes over to the ps5
I hope PlayStation will let all downloads stand because of the lack of units  Still waiting on 5 sets
Wow already Destruction AllStars for free!!!??
8/10
control ultimate edition will be also for ps4 right? ok probobly yeah
Like so many others, I don't have a PS5, yet... If I download the PS4 version, will it upgrade to the 5 version, once they are available? If I use the app to add the 5 version to my library now, will I be able to play the 4 version in the meantime?
Shame destruction all stars isn't a ps4 title
control is clearly overrated
This is teally great!!!!!
And my PS5 just came today! 😆
Single player and multi-player for PS5 owners.
finally at least once Sony put a super good game and still in the max version
Nice
Fantastic month, I don't remember one this good for quite a while....👍
I had planned on buying Control a week ago and was just trying to find a better a deal on it, I am so glad I waited.
Next time please support VR . At least saying that the last but least is VR. Here is my dislike only for this
I was so excited when Control was added to Game Pass... But I just can't get into it. Hopefully you guys do.
I literally just bought Control Ultimate Edition on January 16th during the Holiday Sale so I could be ready for the free PS5 version upgrade in February. RIP 🤣
Control is free....this is really awesome,i was seriously thinking to buy it,now i can have it for free.  Nice sony.
Played control when it was out on PlayStation now (free trial) and it's a great game. Glad more people can play it !
If i will buy ps5 in few months will i allstar destruction? (For now i got ps plus on ps4)
Does anyone know if Destruction AllStars is coming to PS4?
Concrete genie and Destruction Allstars look interesting, can't wait to platinum Control again on the PS5, with a playable frame rate this time as well...wonder if there'll be a separate trophy list for the PS4 complete edition as well...
Smh I just bought control ultimate edition last week on sale
Ugh just bought this game for 20 dollars  in the January sale and now ur saying it is for free.. 😑😭
Nice. I loved playing Control so much on PS4, I was willing to pay again to play it on PS5 if I had to, but now I get it for free instead. Very nice surprise. Still have zero interest in the Demo Derby game though.
WOW PS Plus is killing it this year.. I hope it keeps going all 2021...
can’t wait for destruction all stars it looks amazing !
I'm happy it's games I don't own, sad that I pay to play online with friends to get SINGLE player games from PS+
Sweet! Love free $#!+
Wait, so the only game i would want (Destruction allstars) is for ps5 only? Are you serious? Not evenyone was lucky enough to get a ps5 as its being sold out thanks to those buying a bunch at a time and selling online for twice its price. And not everyone can afford! Thats unfair. Both ps4 and ps5 owners should get it.
Unfortunately yet again a bad month (in my opinion)
One hell of a month. 😍
Have wanted to play both concrete genie and control. The car game looks like fun
It was rumored to be on game pass so many times, good catch sony
To everyone who bought Control: Ultimate Edition on sale recently:   I'm on the same boat as y'all- bought it just a cpl of weeks ago at a sweet discount. But I don't regret that choice now that it's free, cos the game was WORTH EVERY PENNY. I had such a great time with both the base game & the DLCs that it ended up becoming my first ever platinum. Knowing myself, I probably would have ended up WANTING to pay for it- cos Remedy deserves it for the fine job they did & needs all the encouragement they can get to make Alan Wake 2 or Control 2 ASAP! (505 on the other hand can go f*** themselves for their PS5 upgrade path bs)
Already played Control but if it means I can actually get the PS5 version free instead of having to rebut the game then I’m most definitely in ...
GREAT!!!
Control is awesome. I platinumed the game when it came out. Still I have to download this since I never buy DLCs except for fighting games.
I've owned all of the ps4 titles for a while but I'm glad for people who haven't
RIP everyone who bought the original and then the ultimate edition to play the ps5 version 😒
I would get these games BUT I dont have a ps4 nor a ps5. :] mind doing something about the scalpers plssssssss.
I bought Control in May as it was a good deal, then the season pass a few months later as it was on sale too. Then I found out that if I wanted to play an upgraded version on the PS5 in future I would need the Ultimate edition, despite having bought all the components that made it up. This rectifies it :)
Great line-up this month. Loved Control but refused to buy the Ultimate Edition when I feel it could've got a PS5 upgrade for free really. Now I don't have to 😁 PS4 original version had some serious frame rate issues for me during combat on my launch PS4. Will be good to see the improvements on PS5
So happy control is coming to ps+ but i just bought concrete genie >.< not bad selection though.
Awesome month! Was going to buy Control for PS5 next week, but now I don't need to. And had Concrete Genie on my wishlist for a while. And looking forward to find out what Destruction All Stars is all about.
I just bought both of these DAMMIT!
I had these both on my list!!!! sweet!!!
Control looks amazing. Somehow this game passed me by
Who else is hyped for Destruction Allstars?
God dammit. I want to play all of these and I already have so many games on the go with no time.
I’m so glad I got the PS5 on time 😂 bless
Damn, such a good month. Too bad I already have both ps4 games.
Sony better refund PS+ owners who bought the ultimate edition of control since it was the only way to enjoy the PS5 upgrade.
I really wish they wouldnt put games on sale just before they make them the PS Plus game or at least announce what they're gonna be earlier. :(
OMG I LOVE ASH <3
Денис больше не выпустит PS Plus для ленивых :(
Woohoo
I have been looking at control for a while now, so glad I held out ps5 ulimate edition 🥰
Thank you Sony 👍🏻
Amazing line up, first time I don’t have any of the titles and want to  play all of them
Amazing!!!!!!!!!! S2
Good now I don't have to buy the ultimate editon
Destruction All-Stars!!!! Yaaaaaaaaaaasssss
Got Control from GamePass so gosh darn it! Also, the other game, not my cup of tea. Good for others though *Slowing reaching to Unsubscribe button for PS Plus for the month*
REALLY wish i knew about Control ultimate edition BEFORE i bought it during the last sale...
If you haven’t played Control (on consoles) then you’re in for a treat ESP on PS5 with the game running at 60fps.  This is a win for everybody.
I was just about to buy Control... wow saved 👏
PlayStations like let's drop the bat today let's make everything awesome for the people who bought control on the other hand are like son of a dang
Can you add destruction all stars to your library even if you dont have a ps5? I think you can do that with the ps app
Control is brilliant, I'm so happy it's here! I started it with PS Now but only got half way through before it expired. Can't wait to finish it off!
Bruhhh I have just finished control on the game pass 🙃 wish I could transfer it over
thank god i did not buy these games PS5 is gonna PAY OFF!!! YAY
Can't wait to play Destruction all-stars
Ah these look great. Always wanted to try concrete genie and control.
Woow control is a really good game. Well done 🥲
LOVE YOU SONY KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK ALWAYS WAS PUT A SMILE ON MY FACE AN THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE PS5 ITS AMAZING
Great! I bloody love Control, but I don't have the Ultimate Edition. I've been wanting to try Concrete Genie. Solid month.
Control is great, suprised as so many passed it up.
Damn! I bought control ultimate edition for when I get a PS5 during the year end sales event. Oh well
Amazing all the way!
Of course I just got Control for Christmas... but I'm happy for everyone who gets to download it this month!  I haven't finished it yet, but it's great so far!
So glad I can play Control Ultimate Edition without paying for the game again. I have the deluxe edition and I found it really insulting that they wanted people to pay again.
I think this is the first time i wanted 2 plus games in the same month. I knew about destruction all stars but i never expected control and i was planning to buy it for the first time on ps5
OMG Control and Concrete Genie! :D
What a great month!!
Now that's Podracing!!
Ah damn it, bought Control ultimate for 20$ on previous sale.
Helluva selection this month... I played them all already except Allstars but seriously if u haven't played these games give them a shot you won't be disappointed
How come Ash is in almost all the videos? Did the rest of the team got fired or what? :D :D :D
I'm really happy, I didn't bought control.
Amazing, I very nearly bought Control a couple weeks ago but decided on trying Horizon Zero Dawn instead. So glad I did that, cant wait to try Control 😋
I bought control standard edition, now will I get the expansion packs free or will I have to download the ultimate edition if yes than what about my saved data will it get carried on?
This is the best ps plus to date!
Not bad at all :)
Best lineup in a LONG time. Hopefully it's a new trend. Thank you!
That last game reminds of Epic Mickey
I hope PS5 owners get another game in April march, pretty piss poor to run the same game for 2 months on your number one selling item atm
I literally just bought Control Ultimate Edition like 2 weeks ago.
I just used my GameStop points to get control for free and now they announce the ULTIMATE edition for free lmaoooooo I could have used that $30 on something else smh
does this ps5 version of control has adaptive trigger and haptic feedback stuff?
Yesss! Great games this month and More Ash in the videos 10/10! Haha
What a month, was just about to buy both PS4 titles too, glad I waited!
Time to pick up control again...really good game
I literally almost bought control last night 😂 so glad I didn’t.
Best month ever?
10/10 for all games
Nice. Played Conrete Genie recently. Charming game and its so beautiful. I recommend the art book to it if thats your thing.
Man, PS murders Games with Gold. These are fantastic.
I have both Control, and bought conrete  genie for my daughter a while ago. Concrete Genie is rather short but it is an amazing little adventure. Control is a monster, played over 30-40+ hours, managed to get all trophies and most of the dlc trophies (I got lazy lol). Great games, y'all have a lot of fun with them.
I wanted try Control with Ps+, now I finally can, thx Sony :D Next month: Little Hope (it wont be unfortunately), Plague Tale Innocence or Soulcalibur 6
Not even mad I bought Control already. Just happy I held off on laying it so I can play the PS5 version.
this literally moved from games pass, to ps plus.  only differnence is it will never leave your library on psplus.  look out for this, this gen. games pass is great, but adding those games to the ps plus library is even better.
lit, especially control
Of course the cool titles are for the rich PS5 users
*"pLaYsTaTiOn 5 oWnErS"*  Oh, you mean the rich folks.
Wow best month ever!???!?!!??
Who else here played Concrete Genie
2021 has been fantastic for PS Plus
3 for 3 this month. alright, not bad at all
Pleas give gang beast the mounth marsh
This is a great line up for me once again! Don't own any of them and all look great fun in different ways!
Would love to play Control but I am still waiting to get my hands on the PS5.
Wow what a lineup, I was about to buy Control ultimate edition. PS Plus is so much better value than XB Live and the price hasn’t been doubled during a pandemic!
Awesome
Why isnt their backwards compatibility on PS5 like xbox series x😞
Control it’s so fun to play I can’t believe it’s free. It’s one of the most fun games I’ve ever played. You can fly while you’re picking stuff up with your mind, then slam it down at people. Afterwards you can just slam down on people if you feel like coming back to the ground. What a steal.
Got to hand it to PS Plus this month is really good
Kk
"last AND least, concrete genie"
One of the best games from 2019 with the season pass included, a possible competitor for Fall Guys and an indie that's not going straight to the garbage bin.  Genuine question, has there ever been a better month in the history of PS Plus?
I bought control two months ago. I wish I had more control on when I buy games.
So yet another game that has been on playstation now comes up on PS Plus. I wish Sony could just let us who have playstation now only pay for that and have access to online gaming and that way be able to skip ps plus.
Awesome games this month!
Control?? Seriously?? Thanks Sony ☺️  Edit: I'm quite disappointed because here in Asia, you can only play Control in PS5. Such a shame... 😫😖😣
The ps3 can play Twisted Metal but the ps4 can't play kid friendly twisted metal.
Heh
To Hell. I have Control just maybe 2-3 weeks. And now will be free.
Control nice
Always wanted to try control looks really good i am glad i waited now
GODDAMN I JUST BOUGHT CONTROL
Damn not only do we get control for free but at the same time we get all the dlc along with it, this is bonkers.  I held off for buying control because I wasn't sure that the price was worth it, but now that it's free I'll play and finish it, if I like it I will buy the physical version with no regrets.  Also concrete genei was a game that I had in my eye since it's announcement, great.
Are you kidding me!!?? Control?!!?? comes with Ultimate edition also!!??? Damn sony
Pretty good month
Great lineup. I'm stoked!
0:16 "Click the notification button to keep up with everything *Playstation 2* " Yes please! Take me back
How sad that next month I won't be able to pick up the toilet cleaner simulator
To anyone who hasn't played Control: play Control. It's soooo damn good.
This month is great 👍
WOAH WOAH WOAH!! Where is my homie at!?
Зарегался на Ютубе что б тут поставить лайк
I would like to play destruction all stars but can't find a ps5 😡
Control... awesome
You're bloody joking. I paid for control when it first come out plus DLC. Then I bought the ultimate Edition so I can play the ps5 version and now its free. GoTtA LoVe BeInG RoBbEd. 😒
Strong line up
Control was on my list of games I wanted, glad I held off as can now play it on my brand new shiny PS5.
Don't know how well known this is, but if you don't have a PS5, you can still add the PS5 PS Plus games to your library on the website, then you'll have access to them when you get one.
JACKPOT! Control has been on my backlog for ages SWOONY MCSWOONERSON
Bruh I was holding out till Control got that ps5 upgrade since I have the same ps5. Good things come to those who wait
And ps now?
whoah nice  finally i can play control
This month actually 🔥🔥
I have wanted Concrete Genie for AGES. THANK YOU PLAYSTATION GODS
It still feels weird hearing Ash’s voice here and not on “the other channel”....but I’m super happy to see her here 😇 I’ve actually stared watching more of the channels videos since they hired her for some reason 🙈
Awesome! I was sooo close to buying Control: UE for Xmas. So happy that I didn't .
Hmm.   6.5/10, 7 if All Stars is fun ag
I was looking forward to Civ 6 that we were rumoured to be getting, but this looks like 3 awesome games. Cheers Sony 👍🏻
This months PS free games are absolutely AMAZING! If you were born in February happy freaking birthday to you!!
HA , I was going to buy both of these last week but decided not to
First time in my PS+ history I gonna download all games! Been on Playstation since 1997 and gonna keep doing so for all future! See ya soon Playstation X
I just got Control: Ultimate Edition for Christmas XD Been playing AC Odyssey and Valhalla so I haven't really gotten to Control yet, but still, thanks Playstation XD
A pretty cool trio of titles. Have not played any of the three before. But it's neat how each one explores light and dark themes, but also fun.
God damn it! I purchased control 10 days ago because it was on sale. But haven't even launched it since I am waiting for the PS5 upgrade coming early February. Since when do Sony give away quality games like this?
Pretty crazy month. I allready bought control for pc on release and really didn't like anything about it, but I know it is/was a popular game. Really looking forward to Destruction allstars though
Great month. Thanx Sony. This games are on my radar but didn`t get a chance to buy it. This is realy plus for me.
Control??!! They stepped it up this month! Concrete genie looks fire too!
So unlike January where Maneater was only available on PS5, all the titles for February are available on both PS4 & PS5 then huh. Wonder if that will become the norm or a one time thing
FINALLY something good. Feels like an eternity since I've been excited for the first Tuesday of a month.
Ffs I just bought control last month 🤦‍♂️😂
well this is technically one of the best PS Plus monthly games , at least for me, never played Control before and was planning on buying Concrete Genie for quite some time, but no I don't have to ☺  don't have a ps5, so I can't comment on Destruction Allstars.
Great line up, now I don't need yo buy control, thanks, can't wait to play!
Nice, Control is always a game I'd considered but had held off on. I've heard good things about it. Excited to give it a shot. It's cool that they're giving us all the DLCs as well.
Uuuhhh, nice month
I'm glad I bought a 12-month membership on black Friday :D
Definitely a good month, two games I have wanted to try out for free, nice.
All three of these titles are a instant download
Unbelievable line up fantastic
I was so.... Close to purchasing control in the Xmas sale.... That was LUCKY
Can't wait for destruction all stars
We all knew this was concrete genies destiny
Looks like a good month
I audibly gasped when I saw control in the thumbnail. Happy birthday month to me!
Thank God, I didn't buy Control
They used the same thumbnail they used when announcing control was coming to ps now. All they did was change the ps now logo
Now I'll have Control on PS Plus, Game Pass and Luna. Yay?
Not sure if they fixed it but Control ran terribly on my base ps4. Seemed like it was a good game though
Control will also use dualsense features and have ray tracing for PS5
PS5 this, PS5 that.. Glad you are catering to the 0.5% of the world that managed to get their hands on one of them..
I've got a friend that talks about Control all the time... glad I finally get to play it.  And it's the version with all the DLC too :)
Concrete Genie looks gorgeous! Hope it plays just as beautifully too...
Thanks Playstation the Best console 😍😍😍
7years with ps plus ,0 free decent game for download.
I was about to buy Control and Concrete Genie a few weeks back. Thank God I didn't bought any of them 😅😅😅
I got a control play through if you want to know more what control is about and trust me it’s a whole mindfuck and half think of interstellar meets black mirror
Moment of Silence for those who have bought this game recently 🤲
I'd rather play Epic Mickey 2: The Power of Two® than Concrete Genie®
I bought it like 9 days ago but already played it is there any way at refunding it pls i Need help
Can I get the Ultimate Edition if I already have the normal game plus season pass? I want to have that nice PS5 upgrade!!!!
Control PlayStation 4 Do you have any?
Has to be one of the best months for quite some time. :)
Awesome month for plus users: Concrete genie is an awesome hidden gem, control is a very cool action tps and destruction all stars seems genuinely fun!
Control ultimate being ps plus is God damn ironic
So glad I held off on Control and Concrete Genie
So all that bitching about Control Ultimate being a PS5  upgrade paywall, and now its free. LOL! The internet needs therapy.
This is a great month! Control was something I didn't expect. Really liked the look of concrete genie when it came out and it's gonna look great on my new monitor
Sounds great.. I dont have any of these games and all 3 of them look interesting.
Control ultimate edition for free, these basterds have no shame. They expected us to spen 40 dollars on game dlc we already have so we get a free ps5 upgrade and now they're making free.
Tbh the only game I care about is control. I didnt like those past couple months.
To think ive bought it a while ago and still havent played it
I wish I could get my hands on a ps5 man 😔
Woow thank you Sony, great games!!!!
I bought Control on Sales only to wait the Ps5 version, and they will give it, :(
"Keep in mind that Playstation 5 owners-" *WHEEEZE*
I'm so glad concrete genie is coming to plus on ps4. Looks really good
I want to play destruction all Stars I want my PS5
Control? Thank you thank you thank you!!!
This PS Plus version of Control includes the ultimate patch fixing all Frames per Second (FPS) issue during combat. You can now enjoy combat scene with hundreds of enemies & explosion and everything will be as smooth as expected.  PS4 Gamers: That would be the dream but no
💩
Do these videos remind anyone else of "Movies! Games! and Videos!" or am the only elder millennial here?
Very good selection of games, props to PlayStation, I haven’t played destruction all stars but the other two are amazing games by their own right. Very nice
Sony knew my bday was coming in Feb and that I wanted to eventually play Control and Concrete Genie, so they delivered :D
Very strong month!!!
Concrete genie sounds like fun
This month is so damn badass with ultimate edition with the ps5 version and Destruction all stars...Sony are killing it lately with PS Plus!!!!
Awesome free Control game
I have been waiting for destruction all stars since it was announced!!! I am so excited!!!! 🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Lol, bought concrete genie just a couple of months ago, but for only 10 bucks, so no biggie. It's very sweet and especially during these times something full of warmth and joy to cherish ❤🥰
OMG I ALMOST BOUGHT CONTROL
Wanted to try control for awhile. Sweet.
YEAH BOY ITS TIME FOR DESTRUCTION !
Best games yet and Ive been a ps+ member since early ps+ days. Thank you Sony. My ps5 is ready.
to be honest ps plus is epic
Very  good month!!! Concrete Genie is soooo underrated
This is seriously impressive! All games I’ve been interested in for a while! Nicely done, Sony
Oh no, now I am the fool that's "just bought" a game that went into PS+ Monthly Games. Sure, it's a Birthday Present (that I may or may not actually get, we'll see how much of my wishlist they got to on the 31st) and I only asked for the Original Edition, but I don't feel any less The Fool.
Playstation you are GOAT!!!!!!
Am I gonna get in trouble if I play Control in front of my parents?
I bought Control Ultimate Edition during the december discounts... It only cost me 10 bucks or so but still ! Brilliant game though
What an amazing month! Superb ... Control Ultimate Edition baby..let’s go for it...
Yes! Yes! Yes! Control!
All 3 of these games were on my most wanted wish list! 🤩🤩🤩
I didn't even finish tomb raider. Can't wait to get to control
not impressive.
I forgive Control for it's crappy upgrade thing now
i play ash ones
This is the first time in a while people aren't pissed off about PS plus titles
a lot of very salty control: UE owners about -myself included :p. I don't mind having already paid out, but I feel truly sorry for anyone who forked out for ultimate having already owned the standard version, due to that version not getting the PS5 upgrade
I was just about to get those two games that saved me some money can’t wait
I'm literally never buying a game again. Every time I do they always end up on ps+ almost straight away🤦🏽‍♂️
Best month ever two games I've wanted to play and haven't got lol
So Ash, are you still doing stuff for what culture?
can't flippin wait to play control again, what a game that is
When I saw Control in the Thumbnail i almost lost my tea! So glad for these games😁
Home girl said paranatural lol 😂 not a word
Concrete genie was one of the games of the generation for me! Such a special hidden gem 💎
Of course they put Control on PSPlus after I downloaded it from Game Pass. 😭
Sáme sračky co nikdo nechce hrát tak padá na ps plus
Damn! I was just about to buy control. This is great
I've never even heard of Control but it looks rather cool. Excited to get Destruction All-stars too!
This is insane
What a line up, excellent cant wait for control
Bro! February got the games this time around. I'm so excited for all 3 games!
So good!
Not played the Control dlc so that's a win
Well, I’ve seen those comments month after month of people saying ‘I only just bought that!’... this month is my turn. My copy of Control is currently somewhere in the postal system making its way to my door...
Here’s a tip, if you see any game you want on PlayStation now, it’s most likely it will end up on PlayStation plus in a few months
is Concrete Genie playable with a normal controller?
If y’all haven’t played Concrete Genie, just do it, it’s surprisingly relaxing and beautiful. I hope there’s a sequel someday
I have no money for ps plus
Destruction Allstars is just for ps5 right?
*PS4 USERS READ THIS* When the games come out go to the PlayStation app and add destruction all stars to your library so you can download it for free when you get a ps5.
Just bought the ultimate edition because it was on sale....
PS5 طيب
Honestly, go Sony!! I already have 2 of these but stellar choices!
Loving the CONCRETE DREAMS theme.. Control is full of Brutalist architecture full of concrete... Destruction All-stars is cars on concrete  while dreaming of winning cuz I know imma lose...and Concrete Genie is obvious.. just beautiful can't wait to PLAYYY!
This is crazy. Another month like last month that I don't iwn any of the games listed. Amazing
Damn good month.
Back to back great months Sony. Next month is one of the best for ps plus
3 fantastic titles
Best month in like two years. Don't have Control neither Concrete Genie but both were on my wishlist since release.
Looks like a great month. Was looking into these games but never picked them up. Can't wait.
Yes. Looking forward to all of them
Waiting to watch this video because I’m not ready for it to be February yet😖
The fact they re-released control as an ‘ultimate edition’ for people who wanted to play it on ps5 rather than giving a free upgrade, but are now giving the ultimate edition away for free must be a right slap in the slats for anyone who bought both version! Ouch
Control is a massive inclusion
Wasn't there a controversy with Control's Ultimate Edition? Not being able to upgrade or something? And now it's gonna be a PLUS game.
This is actually a fantastic lineup
It said it was civilisation 6
Glad I didn't buy control this a win for me.
Damn that’s one of the best line ups I’ve seen. As far as all three being good titles
Wow. Just bought 1 year sub for PS Plus like few days ago. This should be good.
This isnt a bad month but these just aint games i'll get into :/
I feel like Control has a curse on me. I bought the Special Edition at a discount, then within that week they announced the Ultimate Edition. This month, I decided to buy the Ultimate Edition since it was discounted as a Birthday Present for myself so I can get the PS5 upgrade. Seeing this news is adding salt to an already infected wound. Oh well.
Every month I get games I already own
Noooooooooooooo, and I bought control on my series S, nooooo 😭😭😭, now I will play it on my PS5
Wow, didn't expect to see Control here, such a good month
YES!!! Control was already on my list. Another game I don’t have to pay for. Best PS Plus line up since Hollow Knight
Ash from what culture?!
For everyone about to play Control... do the side missions that teaches you to dodge. . I hated the game until I got that but it was 2 mins to midnight at that point. Do it early as possible.
Hell yeahh almost bought both last month 🥳
Concrete Genie is one of the most beautiful "if you have an evening to spend" games Ive ever played. Strongly recommend it :)
good month
I like this lineup, I've got none of them and I've been thinking of getting all of them
i already played control and its really good
Can't wait for March, hopefully it's MK11
FYI PS4 owners... since your PlayStation account works with both consoles, you can also get the ps5 games now and just download them when you eventually get your ps5!!   So far I have bugsnax and man-eater waiting to be downloaded when I eventually upgrade 😎
Can you add PS5+ games to your library if you have PS4+? Most of us still haven’t been able to get our PS5 orders in
Awesome line-up, I owned the basic version of Control, but now I don't have to buy the Ultimate Edition to take advantage of the better capabilities of my PS5 for things like RT. I already own Concrete Genie, but haven't got around to playing much of it yet, it's got a lovely atmosphere from what I recall of the little I played.  I'm mostly excited for Destruction All Stars though, looks like a lot of fun, I just hope there are a good variety of courses/levels, would be nice if there was one of different designs per character, I haven't watched the game's State of Play Yet, so I need to watch that.
The monthly games keep getting better and better😍
New games 2 months in a row now!
Thanks Sony, good as always!)))
Thanks Ash “Sekiro is the worst game if 2019” Killman!!
Yessirrrrrrrr
Can usually tell by the Like/Dislike ratio, if I'm going to be happy with the games 😂
BIG WIN on Control!  Concrete Genie looks cool too.
Is this for NA as well?
Very cool.
One of the best months in recent memory, if not ever?
Literally just bought Control during the holiday sale for $19.99.. 🤦‍♂️
Another great month for me...I haven't bought a single game in a while,all thanks to ps+
excellent line up.
Bought control a few weeks ago...smh 🤦🏾‍♂️
I’ve had my eyes on concrete genie and control, but was never in a rush to play them so I’m very happy with February’s ps+ games 😊
I'll download control I wasn't going to pay for it💯🎮
So glad I bought control ultimate edition during the xmas sale 🙄
Cool! control downloaded on both consoles... to keep. Concrete Genie has my interest.
With all great game we've been receiving so far, ps+ subscription pays for itself
For the first time in my 6 year PS Plus history, I might download all 3 games
It's odd, I keep hearing how good Control is, saw it place high in a bunch of people's best of the year lists when it came out... but whenever I see gameplay it inspires nothing but apathy.  I'll try it out, being free and all, but I dunno' man.
Definitely downloading Control n Concrete Genie
Ngl, I'm looking forward to playing all of these games! 😊
Never heard of these before but Control looks alright I guess.
For me this is the best month in a long time. Wanted to play control and concrete genie for so long 🔥🔥🔥
Control is the best game I've played in recent years.
I've been meaning to play Concrete Genie, and Destruction AllStars looks awesome. Plus I love Control, it's one of my favourite games, and I really wanted to buy the Ultimate Edition when I got a PS5 and support Remedy because I didn't buy it the first time around as it was a Christmas present
Wait! Games I don't have and wanted? What's going on?
I almost bought control about 2-3 times over the holiday.. but bought other stuff instead! Sweet!
I waited all month for this disappointment
Always wanted to try concrete genie when I heard about it but could never bring myself to buy it. Now I can finally get it :)
I did Control on a free 7 day trial of ps now, now I'll get the dlc free too! A good month for ps+
This for singles they know we aren't gonna get date for 14th so they gave us this good game 😛
Just bought control ultimate edition in the sale for 16 pounds think they refund me ?
Wow, seriously excited!
This coming month makes me so happy. I'm gonna be deep in the games as soon as they come out.
first freebees I'll be downloading in almost a year.
Finished Control. Not interested by this line up but I'm happy it's there. I'm sure there are loads of people who didn't play it.
Is there any way of getting refunds? Bought Control just the other when the sale was on. I haven’t played it yet, only downloaded.
Now this is it
Yeeeees no buying control over for the ps5 upgrade.
I was planning to buy Control on PC somewhere in the next few months, but this is even better!
Woah okay!  Control Ultimate Edition (Savage, never finished base game. Never thought the ultimate edition would be a ps+ thing!)  Concrete Genie (Already bought full price but excellent game that needs more attention!!)  Destruction All-Stars (a game I reeeeeeeally want but unfortunately can't access now -,-)
This is a great month honestly.
inb4 Remedy says upgrade not available for PS+ offering of ultimate edition
Lmao i was gonna get Control! Hell yeah!
B****** I just bought the deluxe edition of Control for 16 quid last month
Meh
No thanks they look interesting but not my cup of tea
Now that's what I call a PS+ selection! Get in!
Concrete Genie. LET'S FLIPING GOOOO.
will destruction all star be free for ps4 ?
Oh wow Control! I've been eyeing the game for months and seen it through multiple sales but just never pulled the trigger. Worry no more!
I just bought control ue physical game last month, damn.
I’m glad I didn’t bought control
Oh great more games I have to prioritize my limited storage for. Xbox fans won't have this struggle.
Great month 👍
finally i'll play Control !!
Bah just got COntrol on PC, oh well.    Bought Concrete Genie at launch it was pretty cool.       Free combat all-stars woo now if i can just find a PS5.
PS+ in 2021 started strong! I hope it continues this way, because the PS+ Collection being PS5 exclusive is the incompetence and greed that even the scales
This is a win win win! What a month!
Thank god I forgot to buy Control when it was on sale last week. The PS5 upgrade should be free to begin with, for people who own ANY edition on PS4.
For me personally this is the best month in years and one of the best ever (and I've had PS Plus for 10 years)
I was just about to buy Control for $30 last week yay
Telepathy and Guns = Good Times!
Seriously I got control a few months ago
I BOUGHT CONTROL IN DECEMBER!!!! NOOOOOOOOO
If it was up to me the Control: Ultimate Edition would've been called the Supreme Control Package. SCP for short. .... wait...
We've actually gotten more PS Plus games than actual PS5 exclusive games..great.
Thank youuuuuuu! I was thinking to buy control.
Very happy with this lineup! Thank you!
Does anyone know how the PS+ free games work for the developers? How do they earn money from them now? Does Playstation play them? I would be very thankful for an answer since I've wondered this for a long time.
Just bought Control Ultimate Edition in the January sales too, wouldn't even mind so much if it wasn't for the bullshit of 505 games making people who owned the base game (I pre-ordered with the season pass) to buy it again to get the PS5 version. Other than that this is acctually a pretty good month.
I almost bought Control last month!! So glad I didn't
Pretty weak month for me personally but for those who haven’t concrete genie is a gem and i highly recommend it
Bought control in December haha
Yea, another month of games I don't care about.
So happy I didnt get the Control Ultimate Edition. PS+ has really been paying off lately.
Omg! Thanks Sony playstation!
What about PS Now for February?
So happy about control I was going to pay last month
0:19 playstation 2?  😆
May we please get streams for these games?
control was so underwhelming
Ngl destruction all stars look pretty cool
Descent games finally.
Control. Too good to be true.
Me: maybe I should get Control for PS5  *miss the winter discount* Maybe next time  *PS+ 🎁 * Me: Well hello there
Yes!! I'm so excited for both titles on PS4. Sometimes it pays to wait.
Brilliant games,yessss
Imagine paying 500 for a ps5 and then 60 a year for the subscription and you get a garbage standalone version of the arena mode from GTA Online Also, they seriously boofed it and missed the opportunity to advertise the new Resident Evil by not making the 7th one free.
Yes! I have wanted to play Control for a while.
So that's why control's next gen upgrade release was for Feb 2nd
This is such a great line up. A little gutted I bought control:ue in the sale  so I could wait for the ps5 version but excited about the others
Wow what a decent line up for February. Can't wait for Control and DAS
I'm so exited for destruction all stars, looks crazy fun
Glad I never bought control heard good things just wasn’t about to spend the money for it didn’t look good enough at the time but I’m glad I get a chance to play it
I was totally gonna but control a few months ago too 😳
I was shocked when I saw the woman from Control on your thumbnail, I just had check out the video. I've been waiting for this game to come down in price, but I'm glad now that I didn't buy it! I don't know if anyone else feels the same, but Control reminds me of Second Sight and Psi-Ops.
I almost bought control for Christmas
Control is a fantastic get for PS+, I played the base game on PS4 but was waiting for a PS5 version before getting the DLC. Then they said we'd have to buy it all again to get the PS5 version, glad I waited now.
omg!
Not gonna lie I’m slightly salty because I purchased control ultimate edition when it launched and have been waiting for the PS5 upgrade to play.. but on a plus note at least I get destruction all stars and concrete genie.
Wow kinda disappointing except for control which is a masterpiece glad I'm not renewing for February 😂😂
I have control on PS4 but getting the free upgrade for PS5 is awesome and the other two games look pretty good and I have it play either of them
Can I play destruction Allstars on ps4 ?
insane, probably one of the best monthly games of ps plus
I don't want to hear any crying if you guys do t put destruction all stars in your library and you have To pay later
Dammit! Just bought Control for the holiday sale 2 weeks ago
Wow, this is an amazing month. So we get a new PS5 game, a game that gets a next-gen update this month, and a beautiful hidden-gem Playstation exclusive. Good job!
I just bought Control and haven't downloaded it. Can I get a refund?
Interesting lineup
Great month!
I'm guessing by 'PS4 version available aswell' means I can of Control on PS4? Or are these games only for PS? Let me know if anyone knows.
Oh my god. That's a very generous giveaway. 😃
Wow awesome month
Amazing month! I was interested in all three games, with Control and Concrete Genie sitting on my wishlist, waiting for a good sale, and now they are free. What a lineup!
Wow a great month... time to take control and concrete genie off my amazon list... what a result  plus destruction all stars... this year's fall guys for sure
So... This month's lineup. Control; I own, but I bought it before the Ultimate Edition came out, and there was no way on hell I was spending more money on a game I already owned. Concrete Genie I also already own and got the platinum. Once again; I but a Sony Indy have at launch; only for it to be free later.  Destruction All-Stars... Don't care for; never did. I might try it because it's free, but I doubt it will stay in my library for long. I don't like car games; don't care for most battle Royale games, and this title doesn't strike me as meeting something I'll play. So; overall a Meh month
Control!? Ahh, that's hot
Wow that is a really good month!
Great lineup . Finally 😎
I have one of them, and one I can’t play. Great
Played control base game and loved it!! I'll dive back in for the dlc
Inb4 people complain "I already bought these games. Not renewing my PSN for this month etc..."
Pretty good month 🙂
Control ultimate edition is a major win
Another month, another PS NOW game. No way, I am not extending my PS NOW subscription!
Absolutely great month for ps+
I absolutely hated Control, so I'm a little bummed about that, but the other two are exciting. I heard the paint game is an easy platinum.
One of the best months to date
Haa, best month , we finally get to play Control free, and another masterpiece game Concrete Genie... 2 easy platinums , though i already got platinum on Concrete Genie
This is actually really a good month
PlayStation are killing it!!! Never play control but it's on my ps5 so I'm happy.
Another month, another download without play.
Gotta say I appreciate you guys doing the monthly playstation plus games now since the official playstation channel doesn't seem to do it anymore
Woah!! another awesome month!!! keep it coming Sony.  :)
I don't like control😓😢
I literally almost bought Control yesterday, glad i waited. Also always heard that Concrete Genie was good but never really seen much of it. Glad to try it!
Meh!!
I wasn’t expecting Control to be on here. I guess their dumb way of giving players a “free upgrade” didn’t go too well.
Probably the best month of PS Plus ever, at least for me. I’m interested in all of these games and will definitely be playing em.
Imagine, an actual good lineup for a second consecutive month, is sony finally gonna do better with plus or are they gonna flop it hard in March?
Thank the Lord this is the second time I held out on a game that was on sale (control) and it was free the next month..  would off been $20 wasted
Awesome lineup
Control is hype that it’ll be free... but I really wanted to play that destruction derby game it looks like a lot of fun... rip for those of us who still can’t get ahold of a ps5 :/ I wish they would let you stock games in your library
The best line up since...well since Plus was amazing on PS3. Controle is a great game but the upsale for the update didn't go well with me so I didn't invest in the dlc and sold the game. I'm glad I did now I get the full package. I'll go happily back into Concrete Genie. It's a stunning game that is only let down by the fact it doesn't support HDR but even without that it looks amazing. I'll wait and see for AllStars although these kind of multi player games aren't my thing but I will give it a go.
And people thought it was going to be horizon zero dawn and far cry 5 lolol
Glad I held off on control
Amaaaaaaazing   Thank youuuuu
When we getting internal ssd storage expansion, we are all out of space!!
Wooohoo 🥳 ps5 control and destruction allstars
I bought Control Ultimate edition like 2 weeks ago! :(
Sony has been spoiling us these past months
Literally best month ever.
Does the ultimate edition have a new trophy list?
Oh this is nice thankyou PlayStation
Who need game pass if sony keep throwing such amazing games in plus. Kudos 😲
I LITERALLY JUST BOUGHT CONTROL TODAY uh god
Only new game I'll be playing will be Destruction Allstars since I already have both Control and Concrete Genie. But now I'll be able to play the PS5 version of Control without having to pay again.
That's it, no more buying games for six months lol. Got Control, really good game. Still a good month though.
Damn technically two PS5 games. Crazy month
They’re really upping the ante
already have control :(
All games that I was wanting to get.
Yay controls on ps+ for feb👍 But you brought it 2 weeks ago FML
Got Control on the Store the other week, typical! 😅
Oh my! Playstation plus is on fire!
Pretty good month will be i say
epic month!
Would be good if I could pick up a ps5
I've been waiting for the Control season pass to go on sale for MONTHS, dude! But I guess this works too!
OMG! PS+ freebies are 2/2 months of awesomeness (for me at least) so far in 2021. I have been wanting Control (and kudos for giving us the Ultimate Edition too!) and Concrete Genie for quite the while, and been putting off both until I had cleared some of the rest of my shelf (not of shame, but of support for the creative arts!), knowing that if I bought them straight away, they would have had two price drops (and, hangs head, probably at least one sequel) by the time I got around to playing either of them. Now... "Add to Library" shame-free!
Stay Safe and Stay Happy  💫❤️🌟
Yess I was really boutta buy control so happy I didnt
What a start to 2021 by plus!!
i bought control last week but THANK GOD i didn't download it. just got my refund. thanks sony LOL!
Already own both Control and Concrete Genie, which is a bit annoying (great line-up for those who don't, though). But hopefully, this will give me the upgrade to add the Control DLCs without purchasing the Season Pass...
What a very strong month.
Best month ever imo, tho there hasn't been a bad month in years
LOL... literally just finished _Control_ yesterday. Ah well. Been waiting to get _Concrete Genie_ for awhile, so this is great news.
Great month:)
Finally good games.
Control is pretty good (though finished it before so insert sad pikachu face joke right here). 2 others dont look that great though . New BR and something that looks Indie title? hmm
Hey these some pretty good games!!
One of the best ever monthly offerings from PS Plus imo. Gonna be hard to beat.
Wow a great month
I think God fall should be the March game for PlayStation Plus
Pretty solid lineup.
I got the Platinum in Control when I tried it out on my PS Now 7 day trial. I got hooked and couldn't put it down. Will re-download to play the DLCs next week for sure! Fantastic game.
bruh I bought Control last month...
another GOAT month
Im surprised, great month!
Ima have to add all of these games to my library PlayStation 5
I'm looking forward to playing Control. Nice month for Plus
Most dope
a ps5 version of a ps5 game you sounded like a moron destruction all stars is only on ps5 how didnt  u know that?
Literally brought control last month...not mad because it's a solid game!
Damn this is a crazy good month.
Yeesssss great month
This is a solid month!
Holy moly is it April Foo-oh wait. It's February. Great games.
Wow, looks like im re subscribing.
Play control guys. Not even mad I already own it
I wonder if Sony decided to get Control ultimate after the backlash of the no free upgrade debacle or is this the reason why Remedy couldn't just give it away?
Damn I was so close to buying control in the January sale, what a win!!   Thanks Sony
This is a good moth as wanted to try Control and Concrete Genie and Destruction Allstars looks pretty fun too
Ayyy, free plat trophies 🥰🤩
I literally bought Control on PC last month xD
Shame PS4 users can’t add Ps5 titles to there plus library for when there able to get there hands on a ps5
PlayStation rules!!!!!😎
Best Regards 💙🎮
Never played Control and have no idea about it. Excited to play now. Also Concrete Genie is a great game!
"Ps5 owners" - all 3 of them
Glad I did not buy Control
Nice! Just got a PS5, haven't played Control yet - perfect storm.
I thought spiderman was going to be free lol
Oh wow the last game looks so beautiful
Best month omg
Another game that came from ps now
Playstation bringing the heat. Control PS5 edition is excellent news. Wanted to buy this as soon as it came out.
I hope everybody here plays Control, it's a fantastic experience.
Pour one out for the homies stuck on PS4 this month.
Not just Control. It's Control ULTIMATE EDITON!!! WHUUUUUUUT?!!!!
Omg I cant believe this, I finally got my Cyberpunk 2077 digital refund from Sony a few weeks ago and decided to use it to buy Control: Ultimate Edition, fml.   Oh well, at least it was an amazing game, just wish I could have used the funds on something else, if only I knew it'd be free on PS Plus a few weeks later.
Fantastic
Now we are talking babe!
Just brought control as well and haven't played as was waiting for the updrade
YES, always wanted Control, but held it off. Now I can play it.
Can anybody tell me how Control runs on a base PS4 console? I've heard before that it was pretty rough but I don't know if it has improved or not.
Fabulous February for PS+ owners! It’s also the month I was born! Enjoy Control and all it’s glory. Wish we have more games like it.
WOW!!!!!!!!!!!
Already platinumed control and concrete genie when they were cheap months ago so no reason to play them again and have very little to no interest in destruction all stars... but what can u do... I'll wait another month to see if theres new games I'm both interested in and havent played already.
I love ash
Is there a way for PS4 owners to add PS5 plus games to their library for later on?
Woah  control on ps plus !! Let's gooo
Huge W
Pero que mierda es esto???
Yissus, is not even just control, it's the Ultimate Edition. Thank god I didn't buy it.
I platinumed concrete genie  Recently bought the disk version for control ultimate  I guess I will to get a refund
First time in a while that I don't have any of the games.
Playstation treating us right thank so much
Heard good things about Control.  Maybe we could get Dark picture: little hope
Just Cause 4, Greedfall, Vampyr, now Control. Lately, Plus has given me games that I almost bought so many times.
Was so close to getting Control in the last sale. So glad I never got round to it
Holy heck! So cool we’re getting control
Bro this is gonna be a fire month
I personally think it's unacceptable and would like to highlight the fact that for the last several months PlayStation plus highlight games have been overlapping with PlayStation now games which is pointless if you own both not a bad selection and an ok month but for me it is not acceptable and devalues both ps now and ps plus. Control Greedfall Tomb raider and many other have all recently been part of the PlayStation now collection and this needs to be highlighted!!
wow this month is amazing
Great month
Never played but this must be one of  the best plus offerings ever
YEESS!!! Thanks for Control!
Access awesomeness 👍👱‍♀️ Ash Rosie Dave rob and Nathan you’re all great stay safe and your family too 😍
Why am I subscribing to playstation plus again???
Well a moment of silence to playstation grenade who couldnt bring us the news the quickest
Sony really took care of us this time, and it’s the Ultimate edition of Control, I heard the dlc is the best part. And I’ve wanted to try concrete, but was concerned about buying it without know I would like it ❤️
I didn't like the shadow of the tomb raider game. 2013's tomb raider game was so good. [I haven't played rise of the tomb raider.]
What a month.
Nice! By my account control is a AAA title.
Interesting
So glad I didn't buy control the other day phew
So glad i didn't buy control after all the sales
PERFECT TIMING, I was going to buy Control but this video save the day, I mean I was gonna wait until I got a PS5 but since the PS4 Ultimate edition has the update I couldn't wait, also the other games are fantastic as well, February really is one of the best months!!!👌🏻
I was literally waiting for control's PS5 release in march (never played it). That's a saving!
Should have mentioned that Concrete Genie also supports PSVR
Does anyone know the ps now games?????
Not the games I want, but have to say that this is an extraordinary month for psplus.
What a great month!
One of the strongest month ever. Is control U edition a different trophy list from the standard control?
Absolutely stellar month.
I was gonna buy Control again for PS5 cause I couldn't get enough of it.  So much Love! Keep doing you PlayStation 💙
Great month of games!
I've already played everyone. good
Many of you might know this! If you have PS plus subscription and you don't own a PS5. Download the PlayStation app on your phone and add the PS5's monthly games to you library. I missed BUGSNAX🥺
Wow amazing month
Please for March Ac Valhalla, COD Cold War.🙏
Bruh... Only destruction allstars is good. And maybe concrete genie.....
So many times i wanted to buy this game every time it was on sale. Glad i waited and waited.
I like how i can get free ps5 games without having a ps5
Now that's a good month 😎🤘🏻
I just bought control last week 😩.
I was so close to buying control. Glad, i didn't
WELL I'M PISSED ! I BROUGHT CONTROL A COUPLE WEEKS AGO! 😂😂😂
Concrete Genie and Control! Two games I've always wanted to play 😃 Magical Month!!
Great plus month. Allstars i think it's gonna end up been a shock sucess
Control looks fun. Solid month imo
Amaziiiiiiinnnnggggg
Control and Concrete genie plus a new exclusive, best month of plus in a long time
fantastic lineup ! never had a better one!
I already have control but quite happy to get the Ultimate edition so I can actually get the PS5 version which the normal doesn't edition doesn't give you
And just as i bought control on pc, btw... maybe not worth it. Concrete genie looks amazing!
Phew.. I barely held off on Control the past couple of weeks.
Really wanted to buy Control when it went on sale but it's a good thing I haven't yet! February's gonna be great!
Let's to this month
What a brilliant month!!!
Anyone getting some rocket League vibes from Destruction all stars?
I bought Control Ultimate Edition in the sale a few weeks back waiting for the PS5 upgrade 😭
Really? I just bought Control :/
YOU CAN MAKE A THOUSAND GAMES. BUT I SWEAR YOU CAN'T MAKE A SINGLE FEELING WHICH THE 90'S GAMES BROUGHT US.
This is a fantastic line up. Well done PlayStation
Nice selection!  Been waiting for Destruction All Stars since the PS5 launched!
One of the best months of ps plus free games good job Playstation 👏 👍 im glad I waited on these games to.
Control is overrated. Played for about 5 hours and got so bored I never went back. Makes me wonder what I’m missing considering everyone seems to love it
Very nice. Can not wait to play
Hey guys is it possible to get the ps5 ps plus games if I don’t yet own a ps5??
PLAY CONCRETE GENIE!
Truly, the best month in a while and as usual a moment of silence for people who just bought one of or even multiple of these games
Yes
All these games I want atleast 1 in ps plus would be nice I pay ps plus for the games  Call of duty ghosts  Resident evil biohazard  Assassins creed 3 or black flag  Little nightmares  Far cry new dawn or 4 Devil may cry  any  Battlefield 5  Prototype 1 or 2  Candet edit aka bully  Any 1 of these and I’ll be happy last 5 months I’ve had all the games pretty much
This is the worst month for ps plus hopefully next month they give us a good game smh
I will 100% get control been looking at it for a few weeks now
Playstation is killing it!
I love Ash's voice! It's like a snuggly blanket on a cold winters evening. Looking forward to checking out control!!
Ffs wanted far cry 5
An absolute WIN!
😮😮😮🎉
Nice
10/10
Remember if they put out a ps5 Exlusive like last month and you don't have a ps5 yet like myself you can still add it to your library in the PS app
Damn. I thought Kakarot was going to be one of the games for February. The internet lied to me!
Does control ultimate edition mean all the dlc as well??
Next month looking good
F@ck me this is a good month!!!!
Best month in years IMO, superb games.
Concrete genie has psvr support also which is great
Unbelievable ps plus month. Well done Sony!
Wow.!!
Feb is a filthy month
9/10🥳🥳
2:37 yes very charming, but I’d rather play as Rob
The only game I'll be adding this month is Destruction Allstars because I already have the platinum on Concrete Genie and Control both of which are fantastic games in their own rights
I'm kind of upset, I own both PS4 titles and the only new thing is a PS5 exclusive. We should be able to add PS5 games to our library, we spend just as much on plus.
Годнота. 10/10 на кончиках пальца правой руки.
Wow. Well done Sony 👏 🥰
Shite
2 month????
Best month since they had bloodborne on ps plus, and I think that was back when I first got my ps4
So cool!!!
I swear I have to stop buying games because this is the second month that games I bought at full price ended up on plus for free.
Can I still get destruction all stars on the ps store through the mobile app even though I have a PS4
Two amazing months in a row well done Sony!! I love this I mean i have the ps4 games but damn Destruction all stars Seems amazing!
What a great month! :D I was about to buy Control Ultimate Edition from the previous PSN sale, I'm so glad I didn't :D
Yes! I knew if I waited long enough Control would eventually be free.
Don't have any of them, looks like some interesting games to try out.
This is amazing! Finally!
Think I might pick up Concrete Genie.
What an amazing month! I'm so happy with these
Yesss i been wanting to get control's dlc for a while
Great month but sadly control on PS4 fat or slim is almost unplayable, when i tried it back in june it was full of lags and i thought my console was going to explode
Wow awesome line up great job sony
Awesome month!  I’ve been wanting to give Control and Concrete Genie a try!
I just installed the standard version of Control on PC through Game Pass, but I think I'll wait on this version instead
The only game I want is ps5 only.... And I was so excited for this month to try new games... I'M so tired of single player only games for ps4...
Finally Solid Month
Woooooooooooow. I literally JUST bought Control too.
Well, here’s to a future month having Uncharted Lost Legacy!
I was expecting resident evil 7 to come to ps4 Well,I guess i have to wait for another month
This is an awesome month!
take a bow sony i've played and completed control but never got to do dlc so nice 👌
I didn't like what they pulled with control glad I Waited 😁
Control Ultimate Edition will automatically upgrade to ps5 version right?! This month is too good to be true!
A bad lineup, I wanted actually good games like assassins creed or a call of a duty game or even far cry (haven’t played that series yet)
lol RIP all who actually bought the control ultimate editions.
This is a great lineup. Always wanted to buy control but it somehow got replaced with something else 😂 same with Concrete Genie..
Awesome!!! PS plus this month is super great.
Eh.. good games but this months games just are not for me. Not at all interested.
👌🙃🤗🤗
oooooooooooooohhhh  this is a gooooooooooooood Month , I really Really wanted to play Control <3 , yeaaaaaah
Already own Control, but nice with the DLCs 👍 definitely looking forward to playing Concrete Genie 😊
This video just uploaded as I went to buy the ultimate edition for my ps5 🤣 praise the Lord 🙌
Iahuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu oh yeah
It's lit
Wow! Best PS Plus month ever!
THANK GOD I HAVEN'T BOUGHT CONTROL YET
Epic
I bought control when it was on sale just after ps5 released and I've been saving it until the ps5 version released! Won't lie kinda annoyed but that's how it goes sometimes! All games this month look great though to be fair!
ULTIMATE EDITION YESSSSSSSS!!!!
Awesome!!!!!!! I've been hesitant on buying control, but now I will definitely get it!! I'm glad I didn't buy it yet. I will also concrete genie.
nice
Bruh I just bought Control this month...
Concrete Genie is lovely and you really cant go wrong with trying it.  I'm happy about Control! I was considering whether or not to get it so seems like the best chance to give it a try!
Amazing line up😍😍😍
I have no words
Already own control on ps4. But this is a welcome  addition as I'll be able to play it on the ps5 and access those DLCs
It's good for once
CONTROL?!!??? NO WAY WHAAAT
awesome!!!!
Amazing games this month very surprising that we got control ultimate edition
I dont like how there doing the only ps5 thing cuz they have done that with maneater and all stars. Could they at least make it to the games are on both systems
Oh sweet lord yesssss this is gonna be a good month
I was thinking of buying the PS4 games. Thankfully, Sony wanted to give me a gift
This is such an amazing month!! 2 games I've been debating on
wow there. this is actually amazing. gj sony. lets keep it that way
This is why i stopped paying for ps now
What are the psnow games of february
I got the Platinum on Control from PSNow. Now I can get the rest of the Trophy's on Control. I have been waiting for Concrete Genie So this seems a good month.
Me - new game, awesome.  (See's it's only ps5) ah, don't have a ps5 yet
Oh hell yeah HHhHh
Wait. The car game is only available for 2 months?? Why?  Hopefully this will not be a trend!
Nice line up :)
A moment of silence for our fellow gamers who just bought these games.
Control and concrete genie I have wanted to play for ages. This is a great month.
Great month for both consoles good to see
Great games
Well....that's a bit monstrous now isn't it 😯
Claim your “before 1 hour” ticket here
February is a great time to be a Playstation Plus member. Awesome lineup
What a great month, Control PS5 version and Destruction all stars and concrete Genie 🧞‍♀️
This is the best month of Playstation Plus games we have had in such a long time, Lets go!!
Control ✌👌
I have been eyeing concrete genie.   I can tell I will enjoy playing this game
Nooo way. This is one of the best monthly games since the PS Plus!! 😍🤯
Nice, I already have the platinum for Concrete Genie and have yet to finish Control but own it...
Another bad month..
Wow great!!!!
What a lineup ....absolutely fantastic
I bought control but never got the dlc, and never got the other 2 games so this month overall is a win. It’s been a while.
Wow, great month!
Amazing games! Made me proud this time Sony!
So the 3rd game is literally epic mickey
Concrete Genie is a wonderful game!
Awwww I want those ps5 games...
Control!! Let's go excited to play that :D
Damn i bought the ultimate edition on release. Still a great game but thats a hell of a slap in the face to day one players who then bought the ultimate edition to get the next gen upgrade.
🤟😍  Destruction All stars on ps4 too?
Thèse games are mad good
Interesting Month.
Control is AMAZING. Also glad I didn’t snag Concrete Genie!
I love control it was one of my favorite games of 2020.
Nice
I was thinking of buying Control last week... Glad I didn't
Will the PS Plus collection get more added games in the future?
awesome month
PS4: Control Ultimate edition Concrete Genie  PS5: Destruction Allstars
Bruh all this game not cool😐😐😐😐😐👎👎👎👎👎
Another set of games I've paid for and finished 👍
Happy more people will be playing Control even though I already have it :\ At least I’ll be getting two other games for free too though.
Lesssss goooo destruction alll starsssssss
Shiiiiiieeettt 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Oh Yes Control and Concrete Génie Nice 👌❤️
All games I don’t have, and want.  Happy birthday to me.
Wow, this is actually a really good month. Go Sony.
Not bad good month
wooohooooo 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
Perfect 😍
No way! So glad I held off on Control, always wanted to try it!
Control is a fantastic game!
GARBAGE
Man the plus games have been pretty bad these past few months
This might be one of the best lineups I’ve seen so far!
I'm so hyped for control
Ultimate edition with all dlc ? Holy cow 🐄
Thanks for being such a good youtube channel
cannot wait!! add me on PSN if you want to game —   SoapyScubaSteve
How is it 14 comments, 120 likes, but no views? Lol
Now this is a good lineup
Now this is an amazing month for ps plus, please play concrete genie everyone.
Almost bought control ultimate on december sale😳
Nice I always wanted control
I swear to god I’m done buying games. They just end up as free games...
YES!! Control and Concrete Genie!!
Yes! I've really been wanting Control.
Good month! GOOD MONTH!!
First  Great games.
Boy I’m glad I didn’t buy Control then
I was waiting for it whole day😭😭😭
I'm glad about control, aint falling for their bullshit of reselling the same game just for the next gen version
Of course it’s not far cry 5 like those ps plus channels always pretend to say
Is that ash from wat culture!?
Good thing I didn’t buy it
Been really excited to see these :) nice to hear ash delivering these again
Yahooooo!!!!
Never clicked a video so fast in my life
Yaaay
Control is the best game I play ever guys you have to play it
Huh. I'd say it's worth it for Control
Ohh first view atleast now
🌚 noice
First?  One of the best PS Plus trove of games!
Last
What a month!
Sweet!!!
Sweat Jesús I need those
Kanye
So
Control is amazing
Yo
Oh duck! Control!
Oh shoot banger games!
Yay been waiting for this
Wew
Hi
