Is the full version out yet?
So hot
The small, mesmerizing hip movement is what gives it that touch 🤣🤣🤣
PLEASE A FULL VERSION IT'S BEEN 3 YEARS
See, I'd be heels over head for Tom. 😊
let it bee known i still want this full song and ive been waiting years it feels like
PUT THIS ON SPOTIFY, ITS BEEN 3 YEARS PLEASE!
What happened to the diamond katana, pet bear with a saddle or a dog riding a jetski
I'm sending this to my wife
I NEED THIS AS A FULL SONG I’M BEGGING
When someone compliments me on an insecurity it gets me super weak in the knees (I’m way too easy to impress)
We all crave the full version
Literally the most real thing I’ve seen all day
Honestly there's nothing to building up your self esteem like a enthusiastic and physical lover.
Was ready for a silly song and now I'm here wanting someone to touch my arm and say u don't suck
Ah yes, 'touch starved', the song
the day this gets a full cover is the day the universe is finally balanced
PLEASE MAKE THIS A FULL SONG THE PEOPLE NEED IT
spotify please
Where is the whole song it scratches my head so good
PLEASE PUT THIS SONG ON APPLE MUSIC MY MAN
Sigo esperando por la versión completa
Still waiting for a full version
Put this on Spotify😔
I desire the full song.
Noted.
Tom cardy is the only man who can make a song that both slaps and is funny out of anything
The voice is sooo fucking good
😭🥰
Make a full song pls!!!
WHERE?! WHY ISN'T IN SPOTYFY
PLEASE MAKE IT TO A FULL SONG I BEG OF YOU
It's the fact that I've never heard of this until now but I saw someone utilise this song for their OC ship animation and in just the first seconds I heard the vocals I was like HEY IT'S TOM CARDY I GOTTA FIND THIS
IT'S BEEN THREE YEARS TOM, PLEASE MAKE THIS A FULL SONG😭😭😭
WE NEED THAT SONG ON SPOTIFYYY
So you want them to grope and lie to you? 🤔
If u want me to be into you desperately head over heels then listen up cuz here's the deal don't need no diamond ring u can keep ur fancy car if u want my lovin it ain't that hard you gotta touch my arm in public and occasionally tell me that i'm not give me words of affirmation a giant  piece of shit and the physical sensation touch my arm n public between the shoulder n my wrist that's a whole damn arm it's pretty hard to miss
Bro full song when
It's been whole 3 years, Tom. GIVE US THE FULL VERSION. NOW.
It's funny considering the song "your love is not enough" exists 😂
so real
still want this to be a full song, i've been listenin on repeat
TOM CARDY RELEASE THIS ON ALL PLATFORMS AND MY LIFE IS YOURS!
smash
Low standards the song.
This short is incredible
I finna waitin years for this full song :fire: please no not another year
PLEASE.. PLEASE MAKE THIS A FULL SONG… THEN.. POST IT ON APPLE MUSIC IT FITS MY NORMIE PLAYLIST SO PERFECTLY AND ITS SO BEAUOTUFL PLS…
Full version 😩😩😩😩
Using Helluva Boss clips to explain what makes will they won’t theys good aged like milk (no hate btw 😗)
Still waiting for a full version of this one.
I’ve been waiting years for this to become a song on Apple Music bro ❤
Tom... Hear your people already, we need the full version😢
Several songs come to mind when I hear this song one of them is you can keep your hat on by Joe cocker
We need a full release!
Anyone know what song is he covering ? I’ll pay atp.
3 years and I still want a full version of this song.
JUST MAKE IT A SONG ALREADY
Honestly same
Oh, and I need a dog on a jetski😊
If someone wanted me I'd be cool if they got me a dog on a jet ski
I've been thinking about this song a lot recently. Someone needs to tell Tom Cardy that he needs higher standards
I can keep doing this for months
I still come back to this from time to time
Still no full version :(
I feel seen
""Occasionally tell me that I'm not a giant piece of shit." I don't know if I have ever related more to a lyric.
I need a full version please
Please, release this ART peace
100% need a full version  That's my love language ❤️
give me this music now
FULL VERSION 🗣️🗣️🗣️🗣️
Please we need the full song,    🙏😭.
please Tom i need a extended version of this or i'll die
A year later, still asking for a full version, I'm begging
No genuinely need a man like this please
And i want some kool shit to...
I'd rather have a dog on a jetski tbh
Oh no, is that the entire song?! 🙀 There needs to be more of it!
I still waiting
POR FAVOR HAZ LA VERSIÓN COMPLETA AHHHHHH
Every. Single. Time this reel shows up I can’t help but play it non stop for the next 5 hours. Really wish it had a full version
PORQUE ESTA CANCION NO ME APARECE EN INSTAGRA??? NECESITO PONERLAAA
The male experience
PLEASE TOM I NEED THIS AS A FULL SONG
I love you 🥲
Dang I searched for this because I thought it was an actual song😭💔
Can I get a full song please!?
THATS A WHOLE DAMN ARM ITS PRETTY HARD TO MISS!
I don't have a diamond ring or a fancy car, so I guess I'm winner.
I watch Tom Cardy videos for my relationship advice.
Me encantaría escuchar una canción completa sobre eso
Get it!!!!❤❤❤
Full version
I need a full version!!!!!
i was wrong about tom .... there you go ok .... i wont make any further statements exept for likeing his vids , never contact me again !
I need the full version NOOOOOOW
Plsss I need a full version of this!! <3 hope u can make a full version and release it ‼️
Full song please 🙏
Well… this is painfully relatable
This is exactly me
ok, how do i stop listening to this? 30 minutes already...
Was disappointed this was not in the new album.
Who else is here hoping theres gonna be a full version in the new album after lofi came out 😂😂😂
O need the Full version
Sent this to my gf, and now she knows. Thanks Tom 👍
It's painful how quickly I said "Me" out loud when I first heard this
PLEASEEEE we still NEED a full versionnnnnn
PLEASE RELEASE ON SPOTIFY IM DYING I LOVE THIS
Well we finally got the full version Lo-Fi, it's only a matter of time before we get this full version
Based
When are we mortals gonna have this heaven-sent ambrosia in full version??
Tom, please release Love Language I’ve been waiting for 2 years 😭🙏
still waiting for the full version 💔
This song HAS to be named Love Language if it gets a full version
When can this song be on Spotify?
You should make an actual song out of this, not just a short. I’d listen to it
PLEEAAAAEEEE FUUUULLLLLLLLLL
RELEASE THIS NOW, TOM CARDY IM BEGGING YOU
i need the full song!! its so good!!!
MAKE THIS A FULL SONG NOW!!! I need AT LEAST 2 minutes
welp. im just gonna:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HOV-e20idoU
PLEASE make this a full song!!!!
PLEASE drop the full song 🙁😭😭😭🤍🙁🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 I’m begging uou
I NEED THIS ON SPOTIFY RAHHHHH
I NEED THE FULL VERSION
I need a full song been listening to it on repeat all day
PLEASE I NEED A FULL SONG
Give me compliments and I’m on one knee IMMEDIATELY.
Alright I’m going to be obsessed with this song for a month, forget about it, remember it 6 months later and be obsessed with it again! 🥰
I need am extended
Very Harry DuBois coded
Have I expressed enough an extended version of this would be the song of the century?
Ouw i think i am pregnant😂
what is the name of the song?
Yes.
How do i say it... those shorts are slutty bit not in an innaproperiate way..? Also the song is so groovy ots already stuck in loop on my phone
I can't do any of those but i have a monster truck
Normalize talking about what gets you smitten, flustered perhaps. Dare I say even a little lovestruck.
full song when
full version PLEASE im begging oh my god
If I get the girl, I’m just gonna show her this and say it’s accurate to me, because damn all I really want in a woman is love and affection, because I don’t really care how much money she got
full song when?
Quick question: why does one of your guitars have a mask on it
It’s been a year, where is the full version Tom??
bruh why he out here telling secrets
He sounds like Damian Kulash in this one sometimes
Giving Jazz Emu vibes with this one lol
Tom, come to LA
Lmfao too accurate
Need this as my ringtone…so I can have ppl “call me right back” while in public & see who pays attention
As a Flight of the Conchords Thessalonian I proclaim this dope AF
Got me thinking about arm cuddling under an umbrella so, Tom, thanks for the wet fuzzies.
F
What about Dog in a jetski?
im so sad this isnt a full song
Guess I'm going to leave the house today and touch strangers
I need this song in mah life bro
I want the full version of this song so bad!!!!
I'm very happy that this still occasionally shows up in my shorts
PLEASE PUT THIS ON APPLE MUSIC/ SPOTIFY THIS SONG IS SO GOOD
Sadly relatable 😔
Can we PLEASE have a full version!
That’s too much work, can’t I just get you a dog on a jet ski?
This guy is the blues and jazz equivalent to venjent. Making bangers out of jack all.
Okay but I’m sending this to my husband 😂
He’s so fucking hot
Reminds me of prince
I 100% would touch both of those arms, Mr C!
He’s like if Harry du Bois was a millennial
still wishing for the day this becomes a full song
I could seriously listen to this song for 10h straight
This contradicts "Your love is not enough" but hey, tempted to use this honestly
Put this on Spotify NOW.
😂 i like that it "touch my arm in public" and not holding hands because that would be to much PDA 😂
Not a cop.
I am begging that you make this a full length song someday, ITS ALREADY SO FUCKING GOOD
Yahhh
this is so good stop-- 😭
arm
😳😳😳
Man I hope one day I have a woman who grabs my arm with both her hand, it's so darn cute and makes ya feel like da man
i will love if this song is in spotify
gonna be honest, found this because of a cult of the lamb ship.
I touch your arm all the time, just not in public and not when you're awake :)
I always think you’re on the hull of a boat for some reason.
This man is the best thing to come from Australia in recent years. After Bluey of course.
I'm just leaving this playing on loop while I play Stardew Valley.
Slayyy
I respect the honesty in your lyrics - your stuff is refreshing
The idea that someone who wouldn't want to touch Tom's arm exists mystifies me.
What’s this song called
Just give him a boop and tell him he's a good noodle, spongetom confirmed
this. needs. a. full. version. tom!!!!
I wish you would have turned this into a whole song.
This is so damn good! I adore it! ❤
Relatable
Pleeeeeease release a full length song. This is so good.
How can all his songs be absolute bangers?
it's a crime that this isn't a full song yet
relateable
I only think of the cult of the lamb animation with this song whenever I hear it now
you are a modern genius and i love you
no genuinely how dare you call me out
You're not a giant piece of crap. Now hold out your arm.
I thought he was about say something WAAAYYYY different when he said “touch my-“
THE GUTAR SWAP AT THE BEGINNING I NEVER NOTICED THAT UNTIL NOW
Why is this not a full song
I FUCKING NEED THIS SONG TO BE MORE THAN A COUPLE SECONDS it is SOO GOOD
IVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THIS SONG JUST TO FIND OUT ITS NOT A FULL THING?
goodd song
Your voice is really good in this! I love the slight graininess (I can’t remember the actual word for it)
I fell accused
Here because of cult of the lamb animation 😭
When are you gonna release the full version of this songgggg
Please make a full version.
Your love is not enough. I want some cool sh*t too!
spotify now please
I would drain my bank account for a whole song of this. You wouldn't get much but it would be worth it
hahaha, I have totally dated way to many people who are afraid of public touching. Glad to see someone actually likes affection.
any sir fluff fan here?
I love how this sounds like a sexy love song but the lyrics are weirdly wholesome
Oh my God, I want a solo analysis on this song.
Pleaseeeeee make this a song- it’s such a banger
I wish this song was a full 2 to 3mins long. Its so good. It even got me singing to my significant other and thats a rare feat to accomplish.
Reladable
This isn’t on Spotify and I’m pissed
Modern version of Prince's "Kiss"
Please make this a whole song. It jams much harder than you’d think possible
still obsessed w/ this and wish it'd be made a full song lmao
This feels so good to watch at Valentine’s Day knowing I’m single
WHERE THE HELL IS THE FULL SONG?
PLEASE MAKE THIS INTO A FULL SONG😭 IM LITERALLY BEGGING YOU! WE ALL ARE
I love him dawg omg
i need only 2 things: 1)this as a longer version & 2) available on spotify  thank u 🥰
this song brought me to tears in the most genuine way possible. it reminds me of good times some 12 years ago and i am absolutely hoping this is on spotify
another valentines season, another opportunity for a full version of this
Full version??? Cardy?
Ok but he has really nice arms though....
Beautiful
That's my Valentines jam right there!
Lyrics:  If you want me to be into you desperately Head over heels Then listen up, 'cause here's the deal Don't need no diamond ring You can keep your fancy car If you want my lovin' (If you want my lovin') It ain't that hard  You gotta touch my arm in public and occasionally tell me that I'm not (Give me words of affirmation) A giant piece of shit (And the physical sensation) Touch my arm in public between the shoulder and my wrist (That's the whole damn arm)(That's the whole damn arm) It's pretty hard to miss
I wish this was a full 3 minute song.
Please make this into a full song, i love it!!
I never realized that this was an indie song. Spectacular!
That ct of the lamb animation is why i found out this existed😭
just discovered this song im a little sad its so short but this fucking rocks lmao woah
I’m like a crow my love language is shiny things and once you’ve gained my trust I’ll eat seeds out of your palm
i cant find this on spotify and its killing me
Getting mad Beck “Midnite Vultures”  vibes from this ❤
That's fire boi!!
I am BEGGING you. PLEASE make this into a full song because this might just be my new favorite song ❤️
Listen, I know it's been almost two years since this was posted, but PLEASE, PLEASE make this a full song! I'm so desperate for the payoff of the intensified second half that exists in the ether beyond the cut
This hits so damn hard, i love it
Can we *PLEASE* get a full version?
Lol i hope whoever did this to you likes u back and sees this song one day.
I love how many times he seems to be almost on the verge of a laugh, only to snap back back into character the next second.
🐙
Full song when?
Those are some unrealistic expectations.
He's just like me frfr
Definitely need a full version
XD
The intro is absolutely killer, he could riff off of that and make a full song
I DESPERATELY need this as a full song
Don’t forget to also get me McDonald’s. 😂
petition to get this to be a full song plzzzzzz!!!
Same
Ahhh I can’t find a full song to this 😭
You put more effort into this video than I would in a relationship and people will say that I’m in the wrong. People just don’t  live right, that’s all •laugh in loneliness• but I’m still laughing at a clown 😂🤡
Imagine being a person without particularly good communication skills and ending up knowing about personal issues in the relationship through a youtube sharts
Lemme touch your Waldorf first, baby.
So this is what Harvey from Stardew valley would look like as a musician lol, I mean it in a good way, like the song
Well thats a sexy song....woof
No one: Tim cardy songs relating to me on a spiritual level:
I neeeeeed this to be a full song!
When is this going to be on Spotify?
PLEASE MAKE THIS A FULL SONG EVEN THOUGH ITS BEEN A YEAR
Good songs
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PELASE PELASE MAKE A FULL SONG I ACTUALY NEED THIS IT BOPS SO HARD
PLEASE make a whole song!!!
I NEED THIS TO BE A SONG PLZZZZZZZZ
I need the full song omfg
Love the ceiling cracks. Like great song but something about that just brings it all together.
🎉
Unlike most women men only have a few expectations in a relationship with someone, this is it, nothing more nothing less!
Giving such Flight of the Conchords vibes.
Yea
love the mask to buffer the guitar
This needs to become a full song
Me: ｇａｒｌｉｃ ｂｒｅａｄ
I'll take that arm... only the arm /j
🎉well done tom!!🎉
This song deserves a sub.
BRO THAT GROOVE IS SO GROOVY IT'S JUST GROOVIN' ALL OVER THE GROOVE
❤❤❤
That's a really Slappy snare
YESSSSS
🍀
this was tom cardy??? ... makes sense actually
As someone who can't remember the last time he was hugged as anything more than a greeting between friends/family this hits way harder than it should. Touch deprivation is real and it fucking sucks
Therapy💀
Yoooo I have like the same shirt but it’s not stripy and it’s a different color
But did he check his butthole
I'm sad this isnt on spotify
During the duration of the video I hit the like button 3 times. What more can I do?
this song is so me... the problem is, my crush did this to me then i told him i liked him and he told me he didn't feel the same way...
THIS IS JUST ME TO MY GIRLFRIEND- 😦😦😦😦
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOUR VIDEOS. 🤍🤍
When?
Please tom I'm begging you make a full version this is literally my love language. Tomus Gregory hardus PLEASE make a full version for all that is holy, for all that is living, dead, happy, sad, amazed, depressed, IDK WHAT IM SAYING JUST PLEASE FULL VERSION  MAKE THIS TOP COMMENT SO TOM CAN SEE PLEASE
Dude, its Dec 22 2023, and ive been scrolling sense his most recent vid and the urge to send every single one of these vids to him is strongggg
Literally me
Its like an even funkier version of Beck and thats a good thing
I desperately wish there was a full version of this song. It’s so good
I NEED IT ON STPOTIFY
woooo the sexy funkyness of this song is awesome!
Damn,this sounds so good 😻
Oh my gosh how is this so funny 🤣🤣🤣
Straight fire <3
For real i need a full version. That beat is fucking lit.
fr bro
NEW HIT SINGLE
Hey bro, you’re not a piece of s**t
full song please
I NEED this groove in my playlist
this had me rolling because i relate to this so much. i love that he can make a song that sounds great and makes you laugh.
Done. Just give me one shot 🙏🏻
Hands down my favourite ditty so far, Tom. Or maybe hands up, to the shoulder?? 😂
im addicted to this sound<33333
Hello, fellow physical touch and words of affirmation enjoyer!
He definitely had to choose between the hair and the mustache
Physical touch is my primary love language too, followed closely by words of affirmation. ❤
🥺 i love him so much
Well then! If that's the case get your tush over here! ✨💚
Sending this to my husband so our love can stay fresh. 😂
Damn. Literally me
WÖW
This is so good im going to eat my teeth
Aww baby I'm too much of a red flag for you then. You say "touch" and I'll reply "how much?"😂😂😂. He's so cute with his curly hair😊
I thought you wanted a dog on a jetski?
make the full song!!!
relatable
Ommmmmmgggg Yeeeehhhhhhhhssssssssssssssss❤❤❤❤❤(Swoons)
ayy same love languages :D
a full version PLEASE >_< it's so cool!!
Step one: Be within physical contact range of Tom 😂
Somebody tell me what key this is in please
I desperately want this to be full length song
Got damn I legit need this song on my Spotify playlist
I can't find the punchline? Where's the punchline???? 😭
This guy is so unique lol.  Like, saying you like being touched on the arm is quite specific, and not exactly a joke. But then he comes in with the “tell me I’m not a piece of shit”, so it’s obviously a silly song. But he just keeps you engaged with the not-exactly-joke bits and the stellar music.
Okay, but usually when I'm touching him there, it's to punch him 😂.
Lmfao bro, this dude
Instructions unclear. You might be receiving an arm in the mail. Just send it back thanks
this is your love is not enough's lawful good doppelganger
I doubt anyone will see this but does the first few seconds sound like another song to anyone? Its driving me crazy :'^)  Love this song tho! Can't stop listening to it <3
This needs to be a top-10 hit IMMEDIATELY.
To be honest I thought that Tom was going in a totally different direction when he started with the line "Touch my...."  But then again I dont think anyone here would have complained if he had. After all it is our favourite ginger minge Tom :P
I mean, He’s not wrong, it’s pretty hard to miss the whole damn arm
Listen, I don't normally like physical contact, and I never wanted a romantic relationship with her, but there was a gal in a lab I had in college, and anytime she had a question, she'd rest a hand on my forearm as she spoke. I'd melt like ice in a volcano. A reminder of how little control I actually have over my body.
Can I have some more please?
It's so sad that this is what our standard has fallen too. Just basic affirmation that ur actually there 4 us
It could be an album. Each song is about a different love language....
Also do not, under any circumstances, suggest that he is a cop (because he's not)
When it said you gotta touch my- I WAS LIKE OMG
Affirmation and physical touch are two love languages very masterfully expressed in this song.
How did you know the exact method I used to get my boyfriend? Man is a sucker for the little touches.
I urgently need an extended version of this
This guy a mix of heyimgojo, harry styles and jazzemu and I love it
Love language is arm chopping
👀 That BASS. 🎸!!!
Just buy me food, likesome of the same things as me and let me teach you to ride a horse and you have my heart
I in love 💕
Big beck vibes
Phunny with a capital F 🎉
This is the most intense "between" i've ever heard
I feel so targeted by this song T^T XD
got my sub g
I only need someone to be nice to me for about 20 seconds and I'm in love
Gotta appreciate the crotch titles😂👌💯
This is great 😂
Yep, that works.     And nice song too.
Physical Touch & Acts of Service, over here!  *...gently and lightly pats the base of your deltoid...*  You're doing a great job, entertaining all the masses, my friend.  I enjoy your short and long form videos, and love the wittiness of your lyrics.  Excellent work, friend!  *patpat*
Damn sounds like a mix of lenny Kravitz and robbie Williams, make the full somg
Every time he hits us with that slightly tired slightly smug smile we know were in for another hilarious abomination
He's just making parody formula riffs and everyone is a banger.
THIS IS SO BLOODY CATCHY
this is fire
This is the realest shit ive heard in a long time and its been too long for me to just now see this
FULL SONG PLZ IF YOU DONT MIND
I volunteer
😂😂
Bahahahaha
Men literally want only one thing and it's fucking disgusting
your vocals in this song scratches something in my brain
Honestly tom pretty much just wrote what my vows tried to convey to my wife
Be Astarion ... that's all you got to be
please PLEASE MAKE FULL SONG
Please make this into a full song 😢
Love it. So damn sexy 😂❤
So are you doing a mating dance cuz my brain is getting "mixed messages" by every attempt at flattery.
also buy a dog on a jetski
Not that it ever would happen but now if I ever see Tom in public I will say he's not a piece of shit then leave😂
You sir genuinely make work so much more enjoyable for me and I hope you keep it up ❤
inf me this song is so real
This is literally all most men want.  They need higher standards tbh.
So many strangers giving you clammy arm rubs in public. RIP Tom Cardy.
Is there more to this?? A full version?? Please...??
Not only is this a banger but it's relatable haha. Think I blew it on my last date cause I didn't realize she touched me on my arm between my shoulder and wrist in public
like honestly it would even be excepted if you just looked at me a little bit and stood within a considerably close distance. that would work to.
Same
Full length version please! This is groovay
This sad because it's so accurate
😂😂😂❤❤❤❤
Been married for 25 years. He's on point here.
These are my love languages!
Sign me up. 🙌🙌🙌 (Oh wait im 13)
Idc what people say your love language is based on you
My love language is plying with my hair, attention, talking, hand touching
i don't need no one to touch my arm but boy do i need someone to tell me i'm not a giant piece of shit
this is actually adorable
If this comes out as an longer song, I am going to listen only this song for whole day!!!!
Deal 😍
Need this for my spotify playlist... NOW
Girl: "Hi, you're cute"  Me: (this is life altering information, I will marry her, I will die for her)  Girl: (walks past and starts flirting with guy behind me)  Me: :,)
Fuckin real right here. Goddamn simple just fuckin be affectionate lmao
Also why is Tom so good at the slutty hip swing? Unjust. Unfair. RUDE.
Literally if the lyrics werent crazy this would be my fav song rn. Not that i dont like the lyrics the i love crazy. Like bro the start was awesome af
Nah this is a masterpiece
little too close to home
The drop was so hot ngl
HOW IS THIS NOT ON SPOTIFY?!
He's great singer and probably frontman unironicaly
that's so real
Lol yes this is true for me
Love this song Wish it was extended 😊
touch his arm in public and tell him his not a giant piece of shit…✍🏾 got it, can I date u now?
Easily done.   Shit SLAPS.
Tom how come its not on spotify yet its sooo gooood
MAKE THE FULL SONG NOW, GIVE IT TO ME
who hurt him
This is great!
So.... full song when ?
Sending this to my crush, hope it goes well.
Вы великолепны!!!! Каждая песня - это нечто!!!! 💖💖💖
I always return to this one. It's so deep in the pocket you can't help but vibe with it
Fair deal I'll do it
I mean below the wrist too tbh
What about discussing space facts? How many love language points is that worth?
THIS WOULD BE THE PERFECT NEXT ANIMATION
How does this man always manage to write the weirdest yet most relatable songs
cool. next time I meet you in public I'll make you love me the way I am obsessed with you
I want this to have a full version 😭
Jesus fuck I need a full version of this
Need this on vinyl lol
still need more of this song it's so good
I feel seen
I will listen to this constantly if there was a full version of this song
if this happened to me i would cry a little
Tom all I'm hearing is that you're on the market 👀
it's been a year mr cardy will this be a full song
I Really REALLY need this song in a longer version. It's too good. The FAWNK of the music at the beginning and the explosion in the second half was fabulous.
I dunno, I could use some cool shit too...
I thought he just wanted a dog on a jet ski
Red flags
Tom's psychologist : *adds touchstarved and low self esteem to his mental health issues list
Any one now a song similar to this one
All this after saying he needs cool shit on top of being loved. Tisk tisk. So hard to please
This man just called me out... I don't know how to feel lmao 😂
IS THERE A FULL SONG OF THIS???
saved
This is one of those funny songs that deliver an actual message.....    😂
WHY DID YOU MAKE A SONG ABOUT ME
I don't usually like silly/novelty songs like this but good lord man, you and Jack Stauber are the exceptions.
This whole song describes me
Still asking for a full version of this banger
Yeah, be me. Give your Laundry to a beautiful Women who owns a Laundry Service while you are on Vacation. Now I left my Country and we have a House together.
Spotify, now
This is already like, my favorite song now
Bloody love this. Getting some Prince vibes too...
I NEED LIKE, A THREE MINUTE VERSION OF THIS-- THIS IS SO ADDICTING TO LISTEN TO
I've watched this a million times because it's such a banger and yet only now do I notice he has a disposable mask wedged behind his bass strings?
would you ever consider doing a collab with Jack Stauber? your and his vocals are simular it would be awesome!
I love the ends of the first few verses, I love how you sing them ::::>>>
I would LOVE a full version of this song, it's genuinely good! what do i say? i would love??? nonono I NEED a full version of this song!
I relisten to the every time i need to feel better
TOM PLLLLEEEAAAAASE make this a full song! Never shut up and take my money 😤
physical affection said "HI"
That's more real than most of the generic romantic songs about passion and stuff
Tom cardy  Occasionally helps girls to get laid
This crap good
what song sounds like this? im going insane coz I KNOW that song
I need  this as a whole damn song ❤❤❤
A daj pełną wersję dziek Gimme full version thank
That facial hair makes you look like a predator. Please stop gyrating at me
he literally looks like and gives off the vibes of a pair of underwear not even kidding
very catchy, i listened to it like 5 times on repeat just jammin. well done my dude
SLAY TOMMM😩😩😩
The goofy smile I have on my face right now ... this is amazing
PLEASE MAKE THIS A SONG 😭😭😭
I KEEP PRESSING LIKE BUT NO RESPONSE SO IM LEAVING THIS COMMENT I LOVE YOU TOM THIS TUNE GOT ME JIZZING IN MY PANTS
I love this so much
MAKE THE WHOLE SONG PLz
omg please do a full version its so so good!!
Fyeah!
Gotta say i feel the same
now thats some quality traumatized content
Sounds like any flight of the concords songs lol
Funky my man, very funky. 😎
i need more of this song i need more
Would LOVE a full version of this one lmao
Whoever's reading this comment please listen to H.Y.C.M.BH it's great
Personally I agree with the arm statement, but elbow touching is sort of weird unless it's one of those rlly cute hugs from behind if you know what I mean?
Thank you for writing this song specifically for me
This had no right to be so good😂
Legend
This hits so HARRRRD!!!!!  >:D
Full song
I'd love to see you do a collab with Vulf(peck?)
I wish I could like this video twice
*furiosly writing this down*
this is extremely relatable
this would be a good song in good omes
Ahh yes, the male experience.
Every time this song appears on my shorts I stay for like an hour or more playing it on repeat, I just can't let it go i can't move on I can't just watch another short, I've been here about an hour and a half this time and I'm still not ready to go on
I need this as a song 💳💥💳💥💳💥
Why no Spotify
I need this song. Please.
10/10 would recommend
Bring me a Lego set to build together first date and it's a done deal
Bo burham vibes
Taking notes here
This actually felt like a song worth going somewhere
this is so groovy it's making me say groovy
You're the coolest
holy crap dude, this one is genuinely a bop.  I can actually see this on the radio being played to death for a month.
Dude's got Minecraft soulsand on his ceiling
REALLY hoping we get a full version, this ones incredible.
Will there ever be a full release of this song? even if its just the minute long? lol
I need an instrumental version
Tom please. Release this gold.
Perfect blend of Beck's "Debra" and Prince's "Kiss"
I really hope he extrends the song with the other forms of love language, like service and quality time
Juat @ me next time
Guys is there the full song about this :[?
The bar is on the floor for men
Definitely sending this to my girlfriend
Getting some Mixed Messages between this song and Your Love Is Not Enough...
The subtitles are in an unfortunate place
it slaps
It's so true, and sad
Please release the full song 🙏
I don't know anything about guitars/basses so can someone please explain why he has a mask layered between his strings and the body on one of them?
me
All rise for the asexual anthem ⚫️⚪️🟣
Men only want one thing, and its fucking disgusting
this should be the next music video in the mixed messages/red flags series!!
I like your music great job
Same
vH xMN
Sir, are you using a face mask as a bass mute…?
this is fuckin' impressive
Nice relid'd tele bro!
Begging to make this a longer song still
Kinda gives silly prince vibes
I love the new album! But I'm so sad this song didn't make it on!
EU PRECISO DE UMA ANIMAÇÃO
Can’t wait for the next album no doubt
wishing this was a full song ong
Why does it slap
gaddddddddemmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm why its so realistic
My love language is acceptance...of the bridge connecting the two communities between both my eyebrows.
Your bars pretty low my guy 🎉
Tom cardy's funk abilities is off the roof
ARM CHOPPING IS NOT A LOVE LANGUAGE!!
For me its when they let me talk about my nerdy hobbies or. when they ask me about my games and or just let me talk to them about them ..MMM that shit is so good
If you want me to be into you desperately head over heels than listen up cause here's the deal don't need no diamond ring You can keep your fancy car  If you want my lovin It ain't that hard You gotta touch my arm in public and occasionally tell me that i'm not  Give me word of affirmation  A giant piece of shit And the physical sensation  Touch my arm in public between the shoulder and my wrist That's the whole damn arm It's pretty hard to miss
Best song ever.
I’m begging for a full version pleaseeeeeeee 😭
ill do it for ya
Dude that aged guitar is so sexy man
That sums up the male experience perfectly
Since when does a Waldorf Blofeld have a vocoder?
I really need a full song of this 😅 it's so good!💖 I can't help but keep replaying it
I feel personally attacked, thank you.
Prince sounds a little difference these days
I need a longer Version.
*chants while stamping on the rafters*  MAKE THIS A FULL SONG!  MAKE THIS A FULL SONG!  MAKE THIS A SONG!  *RAFTERS COLLAPSE*  ...worthit...
make this a full song i'm begging you
ok Beck I see it I see it
I think I have a problem. I've listened to this song on repeat like 12 times now. WHY'S IT GOTTA BE SO DAMN CATCHY???
Same my dude
GIMME COMPLETE ISSO GOOD
Spotify when
Your consistency is insane and your hard work and skill continues to go noticed.  Keep it up big man you're doing wonders.
This
Full version PLEASE
and with that, I subscribe
You're not a piece of shit
Damn, that hits hard
we stan a king with standards
I like your style
the production on this + writing/phrasing(instrumentally speaking) us just.. insane. mad talented
I...i kinda want this to be a full song???
I do wish that he makes a whole song of this. It sounds so good
We NEED a full song for this PLEASE
every guy ever
Need to be a song
Sadly your love is not enough
Oh my god Tom, you're a freaking unicorn.🤯 Stay awesome!
Why cant this song be on spotify 😭  Also yes hi physical touch AND words of affirmation gang here
Sounds like The 1975!
Somebody get this man a Joe Dart
Lyrics because I know you freaks need them  If you want me to be into you, desperately, head over heels Well, listen up, ‘cause here’s the deal Don’t need no diamond ring, you can keep your fancy car If you want my lovin’ (if you want my lovin’)  It ain’t that hard! You gotta touch my arm in public and occasionally tell me that I’m not (give me words of affirmation) giant piece of shit! (And the physical sensation) Touch my arm in public between the shoulder and my wrist!  (That’s the whole damn arm, that’s the whole damn arm!) It’s pretty hard to miss
I need like a whole song of this please!
this is relatable on too many levels
The bar is so low yet some people are limbo experts
Why is this so good?
Is this on Spotify?
Mad prince vibes.
Where can I buy this?
This is Terrible. WHY IS IT ONLY 48 SECONDS!!! GIVE US A FULL VERISON YOU BEAUTIFUL GENUIS!! We so desperately need MORE of this song!!
Dude. I don't want to put pressure on you. But  ... GODAMMIT plz make this a full length track!!!!
Such a banger that it makes me want to spontaneously shout "THATS THE WHOLE DAMN ARM" in public, 10/10
I would do anything for a full version of this song
Could. Not. Swipe. Past. This. Bravo.
Damn you make those shorts look good
WHAT GENRE DO WE CALL THIS?!
No hay una versión más extendida ?
Full song❤❤
You should make a EP were it’s just the full version of your shorts
please please please make a full version of this its SO good
Please I must know if you’ll be coming out with a full version of this song because it’s so so good!
It’s a crime this is only 48 seconds long
How do I like this more times
yo, this is actually addictingly catchy. can you like... make the whole song?
I need a full song YwY
Love this so much cuz it’s so true
I need a full versión 😩
I need a longer version of this
oh my god its you
what kinda of genre is this masterpiece?
Is there a whole version of this?
Tom come on with these funny ass songs man lmao I'm dying
Ahh… So you’re touch starved- /j
I need a full version of this song so bad
That's some good criteria there
I can jam out to this
I need a FULL VERSION!
You’re beautiful ❤
please make a full version of this. it'll go on my playlist for my fiance immediately
This is lowkey a banger
FULL. VERSION. PLEASE.
What the fuck is happening why do those songs send me into hysterics Do I need help yet
Still need that full song, my man. I shall wait patiently.
Make this a real song please 🙏🙏🙏🙏
please release this as a song Mr Cardy 😭🙏🙏🙏🙏
God, I wish we got a full song of this.
*takes note* Im coming for you
FULL VERSION PLEASE. I BEG OF YOU.
I resonate with this song in a spiritual level and I am smad at the fact that this isn’t on Spotify.
thats groovy as fuck bro
I legit go to bed with my husbands arm just locked up around my entire being and he's like "Gib it back"
I am pretty shitty looking. But I guess that‘s how I scored my boyfriend?
PLEASE MAKE A FULL VERSIONNNN OHHH
I'm a sucker for vulnerability and trust.  That shit gets me right in the feels.  Physical affection is welcome, but optional.
That keyboard swipe... *chef's kiss*
But I thought love was not enough and he wants some cool shit, too? Huh, curious.
we really need a full version
Lyrics bcuz yes. : If You want me to be into you desperatly, head over Heels The listener cause here's the Deal don't need no diamond ring you can keep your fancy car,if you want my lovin (if you want my lovin) it aint that hard~ you gotta touch my arm in public and occasionly tell me that im not(give me words of affirmation)a giant piece of shit (and the physical Sensation)Touch my arm in public between the shpulder and my wrist, that's the whole damn arm(that's the whole damn arm) it's pretty hard to miss
This is very cool
I need 3-4 more minutes of this please :D
I was obsessed with this for a minute, I'm glad it popped back up in my feed
Tom made Country Club before Lime Cordiale did
I'll simp your arm
Same
Oh fuck this one's good. Mate you just gotta make an extended version
Duely noted!
ive been listening to this shorts for a week now... please give us full version
FULL SONG FULL SONG
IM SO MAD THAT THERE ISNT A FULL VERSION TO THIS IT'S SO CATCHY
I feel personally attacked
*touches your elbow* "you're not a huge piece of shit <3"
This guy needs to make hes own song ngl
Omg.....I loooove this ❤❤❤😂😂
everybody talks bout the rm, but damn...being told that Im not a piece of shit. Thats the hot stuff
Me encontre una joya
this one's a fucking masterpiece
Lyrics aside, I really really love this tune 🎶
Egg ❤
Tell me you're affection starved without telling me you're affection starved lmao
DEAL.
Never again. I did that for my ex and he let it go to his head
Deal. Lets get married
This should be every guy's theme song haha
I’ve never felt so called out...  If anyone ever asks me my love language I’m showing them this video
Ok, but I want a full version of this 😂
This gives off the vibe of a Phineas and Ferb song.
Done deal. Should we ever meet. ❤
So... Ima trend you; don't freak.<3
Wut about a bucket of mac and cheese
PUT THIS ON APPLE MUSIC PLEASE 🙏
How unexpectedly wholesome.
please make this a full song please please please please please please please please please please please
I find this strangely mesmerizing
We might be a tad touch starved.
What a banger...
Of all your songs I desperately need a full version of this one the most... I have been listening to it on loop for half an hour now it's so good
This needs to be a whole damn song because I have been replaying this for about 15 minutes now and do NOT plan on stopping
PLEASE full song
As a person, who loves giving touch and words of affirmation to show love, nice to know it's in demand :D
I'd really like a "legit" song like without the comedy (even though it's funny as shit)
That is SUCH a bop
i horribly agree with the description.
I can confirm that this will work
I need this on Spotify pleaseee
Please make a full version I need to put it on a very specific DND characters playlist
got a spotify for that?
😂😂😂
WHERES THE FULL VERSION PLS
please make this a full song its so good
full song when
We need a full song for this, cause this actually slaps! 🤣💕
10/10 i found a random man witha  mustache in the subway then grasped his arm and screamed in his ear "you are not pathetic!" We are gonna get married tomorrow
pls make a whole song - acts of service ppl
Plz i desperately need this as a full song-
i'm so uncomfortable that the in ordre to read the text, it's always in the groin area. XD
I need a full version!
PUT THIS ON SPOTIFY GRRRRRRRRRRRR AUOIHADOUUEIFB
Sending this to my partner
I love this one a lot! Hope we eventually get a full version of it
HIS BEST SONG.... PERIOD
FULL VERSION PLEAD🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
I fucking love this TOM cardy, you are literally a gift from god, a man with fucking talent, a god, the new Jesus Christ of this world. You are the rebirth of God himself. You are a masterpiece. I love you, all praise tom cardy.
Make this into an actual song please, I’m loving this introduction
I WANT THIS ON SPOTIFY SO BADD
I just want Legos. Also brush my hair every day I suck at doing it.
OMG SAME!
DO A FULL SONG PLEASEEE
dude ya gotta decide, do you want physical touch or a dog on a jet-ski ?
Sounds like Vulfpeck. Nice!
this is the polar opposite of your love is not enough. these two characters need to either fight or fuck right now
next time I go on a date this is what I will tell them 😂
The mask on the guitar though
👉💪you are not a giant piece of s***
I still want a full version of this...
I'm sending this to every potential partner.
The animation for this is going to be fucking hilarious
"That's the whole damn arm." Is my favorite. Your ad-libs are the best🤣
We love you Tom. And if ya ever make it to London I’ll touch u where u want, buddy. You’re a very good person *pat pat
would love to hear a full version of this at some point, could be neat for the valentines-season time
Can we please get a longer version of this song. Don't be the artist that makes their best song short Tom
Got serious Flight of the Conchords vibes :D
holy shit make a full version
I’ll keep that in mind Tom.
PLEASE MAKE AN EXTENDED VERSION OR SMTH!! I WANT IT ON MY PLAYLIST PLZ
So passionate... love it. *touches below the wrist button
That feel when you look back 38 years trying to identify any single occasion in which a female human touched you anywhere.
Touch your what in public?  That's indecent.  Disgusting.  REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
WHERE'S THE FULL SONG!!!
who here feels like this honestly? touching arm, telling someone they are not apos, whay else? small important stuff lets h go, let the girls know!
I'm just watching the switch between the two guitars at the start. It's so smooth and lined up perfectly, and I think the bass is hanging lower on Tom so even though the guitars are at the same spot in frame, you get the sense of being lower, which matches the drop to bass perfectly. Details are killer, man!
Why isn’t this sh!t on the radio?
Whole song when
Now you already know how to conquist tomcardy, just go and do it
I know this missed the window to be in Big Dumb Idiot but I’d also like a full version of this
this also needs a full length version
I NEED A FULL VERSION NOW
Dear God I hope this becomes a full length song 😭
this geniunely slaps, i beg for a full a song. PLEASE
These shorts need full versions
I think you made a Vampire Weekend song in the first 5 seconds and none of the other seconds
I want a full version. This songs a banger
Me af
relatable
Please let there be an extended version of this song on the upcoming album... please
Hi Tom can u make a song about my  amazing county England
How are those shorts super tight and super loose at the same time
Are men ok?
Please full version of this!
Can we please get a full version of this, or at least a spotify version?
I need this to be an actuall full length song
*rubs your arm*  You're an awesome multi- instrumentalist!! You're hilarious, and you bring a crazy amount of joy and happiness to the world, and you deserve to receive all the good jujus too!!
I've listened to this about a thousand times. And I just want him to make a full song please 😅
I can do anything you want
I hate how much I relate to this
I'm begging for a full version <3
This is too good to be this short omg
This is my favorite song by you and I need more of this chord progression it hits so god damn hard
When he said head over heels it was just beautiful 👌
It’s not much.
relatable
Youre not a piece of shit. Now your arm, hand it over
I can’t stop rewatching this short
Now this is music i can get behind
Honestly i feel this I like a girl She likes me back   But she keeps saying i dont like her And i kept saying i like her We had a fight about who i like I like her but she said someone told her i like someone else
This has a potential to blow up. You should complete and release it
This is the song of the Y chromosome
Takes some dedication to play everything and vocals.
Damn that's catchy...
I think a gentle Touch in that Region would genuinely make my MELT. Combine that with any small compliment and im yours. Yes im easy to please.
Noted.
THAT'S THE WHOLE DAMN ARM.
Relatable
I could see will Ferrell doing this
Gives me a bit of Hozier vibes
Please I’m sure like half of us really really want a full song of this because it’s perfect
Every man when see hot man
The waist high shots make me uncomfortable in a nice way....lol.
What if I give you a bear hug?
Requirements: Alive (optional)
AAAA YESSS
dude you sound like one of the singers from the original cats musical
Sexy song eh?
Why is this so seductive to me?
This man and jazz emu need to team up
I felt every word of this song
This melody is so damn groovy
The harmony is incredible
Tom, you are not a *giant* piece of shit. Maybe just like a small one.
spittin facts
Release itttt plssssssss yes
I'll touch the whole arm if we can get a whole version because this song slaps .
we need a tom and jazz emu collab
soundtrack of the year😎
Is the song used original? I know the lyrics are, cause Tom is a genius, but I feel like I’ve heard the melody before 😂  Maybe I’ve just listen to tame impala too much.. such a jam though
I got a chill like I was listening to a real sex song 😂💀
Have you ever wondered why you can't bribe a cop to not arrest you but your in prison technically you can bride a cop to get out. It's called bail
Please for the love of god make a full version
For me, it's delivering musical performances like these (not exclusively but omg music like this is hot)
Those shorts are doin something for me ngl
This is amazing your voice and humor are wonderful thank you
Sorry I'm a man 😢
My love language is cuddles and its pretty hard to miss too
Not me wishing theres an instrument of this so I can sing it-
Oh my god, full version NOW PLEASE 😮
The exact opposite of Cool Shit Too
Thanks for the guide I'll put this information to good use
I love this and idk why lol. Great musician you are.
Hopefully this will be a full song cause im here for the real deal 💃
Take notes ladies
It's like he's been listening
We need a full song of this
Bebop blues vibes
Fucking love it!
Dude this goes crazy, I love it!!! I hope a full version comes out soon
*holds your arm*
It's like Phineas and Ferb music but for adulthood lol. I adore it
nah bc this slaps
Same
When does the whole song come out!!???!!?
This is brilliant Tom
I just listened to this and I am absolutely devastated that there isn't a full song of this because it is an absolutely solid hit on it's own on absolutely every level
This is me lmao
I need this whole song. And an extended version so I cam jam to it in my shower sessions
I misread the title, as Love Lasagna. And was extremely confused that this wasn't a song about being woo'ed by being made delicious food.
This guy's absolutely everything a musician should be
Food is better way
With a professional music video, it could be top hit.
Just give me the opportunity 🙃
Sent this to my partner. Thank you
Put this on spotify so i can in turn put it on my tinder profile!!!
This is my favorite thing right now
Dude this slaps hard
I'd like to purchase this song . Where can I get it from ?
It's kind of a bop though
Men are simple people. Understand that if you are a woman
saw this the same day as a first date and it worked thanks tom
Tom Cardy, Love Language: "Don't need a diamond ring, you can keep the fancy car. If you need my lovin', it ain't that hard." Meanwhile Tom on Your Love is Not Enough: "Your love is not enough, I'd like some cool shit too. Like a high-end luxury sports car, or a lego version of the Death Star."
Full version of this would be 🔥
I'm taking notes hope you're prepared
😂😂😂😂
Come on man, full version when????? I need it this sound is so absolutely amazing
That is creepy why u made a song about me
lmao same
Mate, you’re a national treasure in just 4 x 45 seconds!
Dammmmm. I'm scared that this is my new favorite music. Goes right next to Ryan Higa Nice guys....
The second one is more important. Men rarely get compliments, and when we do, we remember them forever.  Telling a dude that he's a good person goes *way* further than women realise.
Tom: Don't need no diamond ring, don't need no fancy cars  Also Tom, Later: "Your Love is Not Enough (I'd like some cool sh*t too)" Lol
Can we just appreciate this man referenced “Dick in a box” from snl?
SAME, I just want a guy to hold my hand in public 😔💔
Ooh, this one is real snazzy
Sounds like lime cordiale
His ability to just pick up a bit of a genre and go with it is impressive and cool. Also is this way of saying he's single and actionable...?
Too much to ask of anyone these days
Saaaaame, physical touch is just *chefs kiss*
💪👈 you're not a giant piece of shit
Still waiting on that full version pal
Please god can we have an extended version .....  I relate too much
I LOVE HOW THIS SOUNDS BUT WHAT GENRE IS IT UNDER 😭😭😭 I DONT HAVE SUFFICIENT WORDS TO LOOK FOR SIMILAR STUFF
I knew there was a reason you're my favorite 😂💕 this exactly
That opening measure is so familiar but I can't think of the song someone help
I need full song to this please
Someone gets me
If you cleaned up a couple of the jokey lines this is actually a really good song. Hell even with the funny lines shit is fire💯🔥🤌🏼
unironically a bop 😩😩😩
Which style is this? It reminds of Jack stuaber.
Silly song but I love the style so much.
wait i would love a full version of this
I can't, if I do you might pretend you're unconcious/dead while walking...
if my soul had an anthem:
This is my new favorite. 💜✨
Full version pls!
Ok, but which arm?
I'm so sorry but I had a dream I went to twitch con I guess(?) And I saw you walking around with a keyboard in like a red latex tank top and little shorts. Great music tho 👍
bring that whole arm over here 😅
You have pictured a perfect love story bro
Funny lyrics aside, the rest of it was also great I feel like you should make a serious song out of it haha. Though I'd gladly accept a longer version of this too LOL.
why is there a mask in his bass though
Well. Hurry and put this song on Spotify, so I can make it to my song theme in tinder
Some people also give them what they want, and then leave, leaving them wanting more  Be distant, be hard to get, just don't be disappointing  "Wait what was that last point? . . Shit"
PLEASE MAKE THIS A FULL SONG PLEASEE
How did people not want a full version of THIS one. Damn.
He almost does the the moon walk at one point)
Wait but didnt you want a dog on a jetski
I need a full song Version of this. please tom!
Those are my love languages too! 🥰
It's Just That Easy
whats the original song
Yes.
groovy i want a long one ;)
I feel very called out by this one...
I feel this song on a spiritual level.
I hear half the songs on Midnite Vultures by Beck in this so much.
I will be showing this to all my future dates. There is nothing I’ve ever seen on the internet so true.
Prince was much more demanding.
Why is everything you produce a KILLER BOP
It’s kinda validating to know someone as adorable as Tom has Obviously also dated some wankers.
Is he making fun of me?
I want one for each love language XD
Same
mine is simple  clearly be a bad choice for me to date ask me out
What a fuckin banger
This is my jam
So in request of Tom, here’s your words of affirmation:  “You’re not a giant piece of sh-t “🤗
full song im beggin you
This song has no right being so funky
I did this with my bf and now he's my ex bf how do I undo pls I am so sad
why are you so cute
0:00 to get out of shorts mode
Never related to anything this much💀
Omg, did he just write the new top summer song to sing in your car? I need the full version!!!!  Actually tho...
You are not a giant piece of shit. 💕💕
Fucking awesomeness
Writes on chalkboard Bart Simpson style:  I don't want Tom Cardy I don't want Tom Cardy
sooo good need a full version
Yo this is too good
Full song right now!!  *bags credit card on table  Take my money Take my damn money  Right fucking now No seriously i really want this and while i cant get it i will create my own(only for me tho cause im jealous hehehe)
Same dude, same
I need a full version!!
Oh my freaking god. Please tell me, you're single. Marry me.
Okay but he’s kinda cute honestly- anyways yet another catchy song whOO love it
Why do I have the same last name as this guy
Reminds me of mixed messages (song)
PLEASSSSEEEEE THIS IS MY FAVOURITE SO FAR!!! When is it gonna be a full song
This sounds so much like old OK Go!
I’m getting major Jazz Emu vibes
I will do all of those things
We need a full song of this! Pleaseeeee
Tfw your love language is acts of service and isn’t mentioned 👁👄👁
I like it
It needs to be hard!
please i need a full version of this so much
Every bisexual and pansexual:
Wait, what if he secretly has two incredibly realistic prosthetic arms and, whenever he's feeling spiteful, decides to remove them?
Please PLEASE make this a full song!!  Call it "Simple affirmation" or "Easy translation"
Mood
When you realize he stuffed a mask under his bass strings to make the notes shorter. If it work it works ig
I feel seen
👍
Yooo i need the sheet music or tabs for this because this song slaps ive already watched it 12 times
Oh how i was this was an actual song 😂😂
That's one of those times when a song slaps so good that I wish I had written it
You know what.... that's my love language to
WE NEED A FULL SONG OF THIS PLEASE!!!
I think you also want a dog on a Jetski. Just sayin'.
Solid SummerPlaylist material 😻
19 years ago, my boyfriend told me that I was really cool, and anyone would be luck to have me.  I remember that moment everyday.
This is too real! XD
Full song petition
𝘍𝘶𝘭𝘭 𝘴𝘰𝘯𝘨 𝘳𝘪𝘨𝘩𝘵 𝘯𝘰𝘸
I can't help but be mentally disgruntled by the fact that this song directly counteracts Tom's song "Your love is not enough" with "Dog on a jetski"
NEED a full version of this one the beginning is so good.
I love this song so much I come back frequently to watch it! Is this a full song somewhere? Can I buy it? Lol
No one’s going to talk about the mask in the bass?
I wish somebody touched my arm as well
Oh, god, this fucking slaps! This *_needs_* to be a full song!
Me irl
May I have a whole song of this?? I’d groove all day
SO GOOD OMFGGG
That hair is “giving” Will Ferrell vibes
Yes
Never have I been so offended by something I completely agree with
This is similar to kill ‘‘em all by Motherfolk
He would be head over heals pretty much for everyone here on my country, since physical contact while you talk is so common here, it feels weird when I'm around someone not from my country and they say something funny and they don't like touch my shoulder or squeeze my arm, one of the most clashing things for me!
This is like a cross between Lenny Kravitz and Prince
Well well well, if it isn't a song about me
Love the vibes duderoney!
I watch this every couple weeks like 5 times just for that little ✨boost✨
Why this man so fine tho.. *debby ryan eartuck*
Do one of shrek my husbun
Ah, what men really want, finally
As guy in a toxic relationship. This is real feels
So sexyyyyy 😍😍😍
Tom was just shy at the beginning of the relationship. 3 months ago "I dont need a diamond ring" Now: "Give me dog on a jet ski and diamond katana"
You aren't a complete piece of shit. _platonic_
wow! this new arctic monkeys song sounds great :)
Hey Tom! yesterday I had a funny thing happen to me, I had an ear infection so bad that when I wanted to listen to music, it was all in a small range of notes and it also sounded like robots were singing,  I dare you to write a song about this experience lol.    My ears still hurt :(
please please please make this a full song, your voice is so lovely especially in the first few lines like sheeesh man 😩😩
I need more like this
i absolutely love this. the pure emotion on that ‘between’ is just pure gold
You're speaking my language.
Hits different when your boyfriend sends this to you
okay i would legitimately buy a full version of this
My brother from another mother- those who know me know EXACTLY what I'm talking about..
That fucking rocked
Thank you algorithm
🖐🏻️💪🏻you are not a giant piece of shit
Your Love is Not Enough and this.  duality of man.
Can confirm, I'd like that too.
Damn
Yeeeesssssss louder sir 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Can you repost the butthole song from a couple months ago?
you remind me of jazz emu
welcome to weird shit i saw on the internet today part 8374
why is this si true xd??
Beck Level
Words of affirmation and physical touch is the love language of most men I think. We love to be respected, and when we are it will make us work so hard for our loved ones.
This is a fucking vibeee 😌
When he said 'you gotta touch my' I immediately turned down the volume and then he said arm😭💀
Dude wheres this man's demo I need it now
Yup
I believe this is the first video of yours I've come across. I love it.
I mean, he isn't wrong.
Howard Moon looks like he's doing good since the Might Boosh
Relatable
PLEASE MAKE THIS INTO A SONGGG
This is the vibe I am needing right now 🤩 Subscribed!
You remind me of scumbag dad for some reason, I think it's the mustache
You remind me of scumbag dad for some reason, I think it's the mustache
That’s the whole damn arm it’s pretty hard to miss 😂😂😂
This slams
Brilliant. I'd love a full song.
Please for the love of not being a cop, make this full song
Hilarious ans exactly what I feel about my boyfriend 🤣
Need a crossover with Value Select asap
Ill add this to my deep focus meditation... grab my own arm and say im not a giant piece of shit... no this is gonna work!!
Why does this feel like it could make for an amazing Ninja Sex party song?
that’s WHOLE DAMN ARM 😂
Mate you're a fucking genius.
Marc rebelliot vibes
*Bro…idky but I’m searching for u in Apple Music*
Ok like this is amazing make an album
Great advice
But why is it so catchy?
Everyone needs to come back and like this again. This man needs to be protected.
YO THIS SLAPS
I'm sending this to my girlfriend immediately lol
sssssaaame
Oh my god this is so good, I would listen to the full version of this everyday, and probably this version too
Actually better than 99% of the popsongs currently on the airwaves!
Why is this magical pornstache chronically appearing on my feed
I feel like you stepped out of 1985. Lololol.
My ex liked to touch my armpit a lot too and I’d say 1/10 don’t recommend
I do have to say that one day you're going to make some man very happy and two sets of parents very disappointed.
Prince been real quiet since this dropped
Bruh, full version please, it's so funny
Drop it. Immediately, good sir
This gets a full version I'll sub
Funny thing. This is my husband's love language too🤷‍♀️
When is this coming out??
I can't stop watching this masterpiece 😂 It's so accurate it is deadly...and hilarious.
Wow... how the quality is so crisp where its clearly from the 80's?
10/10 relatability
thought you were kurtis conner for a sec
same
So this is the video that made me want too subscribe. Keep it up! Lol
...yeah, I need more of this, man.
Another absolute BANGER
I want to be this man's friend so bad; he's a creative genius!
Taking the advice!
Lmao ❤
Need a full song pls
Literally me
Pretty damn relatable though. Nothing more reassuring than kind words and physical contact that makes you feel wanted or appreciated.  Too bad I'm single and have never had the experience
I went from disgusted… To amused… To… OK enjoying myself. By the time I got to the ‘whole damn arm’ I was smiling.
This is fantastic… like I usually skip these but my god where can I buy this?
The beginning bothers my OCD so bad..because for whatever fuckwit reason my broken ass neurons hear the beginning to "IS THIS MORE THAN YOU BARGAINED FOR!" lol wtf...
this is a certified thick mustache moment
This man is hitting on me
That's the whole dam arm 😅😅😅
lyrics.
I wonder how many people are are going to publicly touch him to tell him he's not a piece of shit. 😂
Are you on a house boat?
Amazing! and also very sad!
I don't know why but I'm getting big Freddie Mercury vibes
That's dope.
That's a whole damn arm, it's pretty hard to miss 🤣🤣🤣
Looks like dude's in a houseboat...  Like the white guy version of the "Ladies Man"
Love this
Flight of the concords look them up.
Bob ross fro and ron jerremy pedo porn stache are makin me deeply uncomfortable 😅😅😅
We need a full version, this is amazing! Vibing to this. Getting Prince vibes from this...
Is there any possibility, that this song was inspired by the song Kiss from Prince? Because I get a bit of same vibes
As someone who's love languages are literally Physical Touch and Words of Affirmation, this one really hit home
PLEASE MAKE THIS INTO A FULL SONG AND PIT IT ON SPOTIFY!!!
This is cold 🥶.  Nice
Getting some major flight of the concordes vibes from this
Alright mr. tom cardy. Wtf. Genius. Yes bro. I'll subscribe.
Fuck I love you I would set my nails into your arm and whisper “you’re a good stressball”
This guy is like that lazerbeam of music
I actually really like this. Specifically the start.
Need a full version asap bro
What's the background song title? I swear there's a song similar to this.
I need that tele. Please 🥺 😉
Righteous!
Can you sing the giant crabs solo song from Moana?
i want this on spotify NOWWW
PLEASE MAKE A FULL VERSION IM BEGGING YOU PLEASE
I'm dead
I want this on my playlist this is fine work absolutely fantastic!
Everyone talking about wanting this as a full version, while I’m over here thinking about how to casually meet Tom just to touch his arm.. 👉🏻👈🏻
i need a long version
Lol
Dis for da deval
bro you’re so good
Word, brother
Anyone else think this was an interesting cover of Kiss by Prince for a second there? Just me?
I’ve literally listened to this several times 💯🙌🏻
This is my new theme song 🎧
Need a full version I beg you
YES
This feels like a Flight of the Conchords song (which means it's Business Time).  Keep up the good work
hey we have the same love languages. that’s fun :)
So relatable.
He needs to collab with Jazz Emu
the way he said desperately was so cool i love that bit
I accidentally shut my phone speaker on the word arm during the line touch my arm. I don't think you should do that peeps
The '70 called and left a message for you, brother.....    They want their creepy mustaches back.
THIS IS SP GOOD
It's a bit harder to miss your third one. God damn, my man be packing. XD
Jeesus I’ll touch his arm for Christ
This needs to be a full song, way to release another banger!
Well well well... Oh well.
HWYAJYEHAHAHAHAHAHHA this is great
Some of the most talented things I've seen on YouTube shorts, please do an extended version
This reminds me vaguely of an Arctic Monkeys song
I need this to be a full song
every man ever be like:
this little ditty is just fuckin superb
...🕷️?
feels like a previously unreleased prince track
Not gonna lie, when you sing "it ain't that hard" and following with "you got to touch my..." I for sure thought it was going to be "penis"
Um I need a full version now please thank you
Hope this gets full version
Omg, yes! Tom you bringin' the bedroom in a whole new way! Ext'd version? Please...
I am that but also a second verse that’s like  “And in return I’ll Buy You Shit -  That I thought you’d like -  because I think -  you’d like it”
Is this a parody? I really want to know the original if it is
Been here since 30K still making the purest content. Love your stuff, fucking hilarious
I need an album.
I could listen to this on repeat for the rest of my life 🙏
That's a whole damn arm!
Another absolute fucking bop
This is just time showing off his instruments
woooow this one is so great I can't wait to see it's full version
THIS IS SO FUNNY I FEEL ATTACKED HAHAHAHHAA
It ain't that hard from this end either, big guy!
This is as funny as it is funky and that's the best combo
We need a full version of this!!!
Tom Cardy, u are my absolute favorite song artist.
This is actually really good and for some reason that makes me upset
WHATS THE NAME OF THIS SONG
Hi
I have found my anthem.
Wait this is an og ? Release it. Letzgo its a banger
I'm in this picture and don't like it.
The reality of this is depressing 😅
😂 this is amazing
We need a song of this PLS
Tom is making it real easy for us to pick him up. I'm taking my notes. Dontchu worry.
I'm on my knees begging for this to become a full song😭
*Starts touching his arm*
Vibin bruh
Actually like this, imma wait for the full song. Mhm mhm.
Please make this a full song!!! I want to cover this!!😂
At this point Tom Cardy is my sexuality
Make it a real song is really good
Holding hands doesn't count?
I don't have a fancy car and your not a massive piece of sh!t ok and I can't reach your arm im 2.2ft
"Touch my arm in public"  Wait until he meets a Portuguese person 😏
T h i s
I thought this was lazerbeam for a second
Its my friend, so bad.
I need the rest of this song
Quit being so talented, Tom. Either that, or go mainstream and show Bruno Mars and Mark Ronson what funk is!
abt to make a blackbonnet edit
You and jazz emu need a collab
Need a full song lol
this is too relatable….
This is it. Perfect
Full Version please, love that beat
For some reason, I found your and Dylan B Hollis' channel around the same time and I just realized you were both under the British lmao
Oof. I feel seen.
You look like Charlie puth but hilly Billy version
Ahhhh, a song for people like me! Yes!
What the this sounds like a mixture of modern music and music from elvis
Your vocals and sound production remind me of Lenny Kravitz’ cover of “American Woman.”  Lyrically I feel like I’m reading /r/Touchstarved on Reddit (yes it’s real).  Well done.
Please make this a full song 🙏
I wish I could steal your voice so I can serenade people with my mouth noises while sounding vaguely British.
Super creative! Love it!
I actually need a 2-3 minute form lol
Whoa! The bar is so much lower than I ever could've imagined!
This has got to get a full version so I can jam on spotify
How does he always know?
This guy needs to make a record
Your not a giant piece of shit!
Sigh. This is me.
Tom i'll do that anyday but unfortunately I'm not attracted to men
😍😍😍🙌🙌🙌🤩🤩🤩🥰🥰🥰
....so... When's the record being released.
I need more
We need this a longer single
I need a full version
I wish this was an entire song if so I've missed it
Idk why you remind me of happier Bo Burnham Should I call you Po Coldsalami?
I feel seen/attacked
I feel like if stede was like 15 years younger and born in this era he would be this guy
accidentally had this on loop for 10 minutes
pls make this a full song
Pleeeeease make a full track of this. It's too short to play on repeat for multiple hours 😅
I'd touch more than his arm in public...                                         Like maybe his shoulder
Gotta love a man who knows what he wants and keeps it doable.
Gives me some flight of the Conchords feels... I miss that group
This is excellent hehe! It kinda gives me pg Ninja Sex Party vibes
Please Wright Wright whole song God this is good
I love how this sounds when it loops.
I think i have to go send this to my gf brb  Edit: jesus christ in the year+ since commenting this I've broken up with that gf and now regularly complain to them about my MORE recent ex-fling who absolutely refused to meet my needs, which were basically this lmao, and when i saw this again my exact thoughts were "i think i should send this to him" i really have a one track mind
I need a long version rn
I am in the slightly superior physical touch / quality time gang (words of affirmation would be 3rd), but I appreciate this video nonetheless. It doesn't have to be remotely sexual or even that intimate, but is it too much to ask to be touched at all times? Even just the lightest brush of the side of your pinky on my knee or something? please
i keep coming back to this i just love it so much
👏 amazing
Oh, Tom, if that's all it takes, I think I can be good for you.
This is so fire 🔥 keep it up
This has OK Go vibes, I love it
FULL VERSION ON SPOTIFY WHEN??
My standards are so low at this point, that it would be enough if someone told me "hey, I really would care if you were gone. Like, you matter to me.". That would be enough.
Big Flight of the Concords energy
So you basically just told us your love languages (Physical Touch and, as said aloud, Words of Affirmation) exactly as the title suggested you might? Neat.
Tom, I'm happy to inform you that Love Language just replaced Duffy's Mercy as our official family strip tease song
what an absolute talent to create amazing BANGER songs and only make them last under a minute
Please make this a full song I need it 😭
Please make a full version!!! This is wayyyy too good
🤣🤣🤣
When he said "between the shoulder and wrist" I internally said to myself "that's the whole arm" and then the next line followed immediately and made me feel validated.
This was enlightening. Now I found out what's my love language
This is a genuinely great song. Next album Tom!?
Ok
gives me midnight vultures vibes
This is amazing XD
Always in love lol! You are not a piece of shit
Very nice
😹😹
This needs a full version 👌
How do I explain to people that Jason momoa is my type but somehow Tom cardy is also my type
AWWW THIS IS SO CUTE
This is not only a jam but something I'm stealing to use on someone.
Why does this remind me of Bahamas?
I always go into these videos dreading them and then end up watching the whole thing... Twice
This is actually a banger
Lol this is cool but time and acts is my love language
This is really good I would actually listen to this
That guitar sound amazing
I wonder if this would work on my crush
👍👍👍
Why is this actually really really good?
This is my first time seeing this guy but that was the best short I've ever seen I'd pay for a full version
Prince been quiet ever since this dropped
Modern jack black
the mic is just plugged into his headphones
Facts 😂
I admire both the quality of your content, and your no f**** given about what you wear in it.
I do this with my partner, openly giving affection to him in public spaces seems to reassure him
Shit, that's good tempo.
3 MIN LONG WHEN??????
Yes another song
Jack White retired cos of this
Prince
What's with this big horns energy.
Why is he such a mood
too real
Please I need a full version of this to play at my wedding one day
This feels like another person wanted to be Marc Rebillet
This is it. If you just come into physical contact with me and then say “you are not a piece of shit” I will fall in love with you.
Sounds like Midnite Vultures if you’ve ever heard that album.
Heyyyyyy that's my love language too 1🤣
Damm this is a fr*cken MASTERPIECE
Tom, if you have of checking how many times a user has played the same video, I really think I might be the winner
Certified banger
I wanted to dislike this but dammit it’s good
Boys who are aware of and communicate their love languages in honest and healthy dialogue >>>>>>>>>>>>>
Can't relate to the song but WOW this song is a BOP!!
I was worried but no you have a point sounds lovely
This gives off a little bit of Breakbot and heavy Queen vibes
Lol a mask for a bass mute
I am being cornered and courted by several identical middle aged men and honestly I'm all for it
You're not a giant piece of shit
I’m really digging the striped shirt and shorts ensemble.
What genre is this? I wanna find some more similar to this
Noted lol
I feel a little called out :/
U know where it's at
I'm getting jazz emu vibes and loving it
I’d do that for you Tom.
PLEASE MAKE THIS A FULL SONG AND PUT IT ON SPOTIFY PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE, THIS ISN'T A WANT IT'S A NEED
'Honeydripper' by Royce Wood Junior - if you want to listen to a similar & funky song https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XFYOGy6jsTc
The fact that I'm actually taking notes to try it on the guy i like 💀 I'm the one desperately into him smh
Time to court Cardy.
Well damn if it's that easy then--  *pat*  You're pretty neat 😊
Lol sounds like DAG
This is a bop! Need a full version of this
relatable
We need a whole song
Its a whole jam
Where's the rest of the song?!
This man cannot miss, what a fuckin banger
I need this for my dating profile
Pls make this a full song 😊 that's to nice
M
full version pls!
I just listened to this like 6 times in a row and I can confidently say that its a bop and you're amazing
Ok, I need this in my playlist
Full version! Please!
This song slaps harder then it has any right to
I love this to much please make a full version !!!
This needs a full version, this is amazing
This, best one i've seen so far.
What a bop
RELEASE THE FULL SONG TOM!
Full. Version. Please!
You throw my heterosexuality into question
I feel like he'd look awesome with a mullet
I'm physical touch and and my crush is words of affirmation XD
What the f is this and why is it such a jam
This slaps in some kinda way
I bet someone missed.
The shorts though??????
"You have a body and worth. Now by the rules of Love Language we shall marry." - Tom's engagement, maybe?
I'm in this video and honestly I'm okay with that.
Deadass sounds like a prince song lol
hi tom youre beautiful
Wow, I am genuinely impressed by this because it’s quite a simple request that people don’t really seem to follow through.   Anyways, I love the song, I love the beat. I hope you can make it into a full song!!!!!¥
I love this groove Its so infectious and funky
Are you Beck? This is like something off of Midnite Vultures 😳 amazing!
Hah same boat
I seriously just send your videos to people instead of messaging sometimes.
PTnWOA gang here :D
Sending this to my partner... they already know I need this but this is too good to not share.
You have got it baby 😘😝
Please never stop, Tom.
Oh this song speaks to my soul
I love this, if there's a full song of this, i will listen to it a lot!
I am on my knees begging you to make this into a full song, please 🧎🧎
bout to put a QR code for this shit on business cards and keep them onhand at all times
Lol! Please drop an album!
I'm praying this gets a full version
The thing is, i had a friend that did exactly this and if fell for them 😂, so i guess i know my love language now.
Full version please
Holy shit that intro is so damn sexy " if you want me to be into you desperately, head-over-heels"  Ohmygod i just wanna kiss your face now
Why did I feel this so hard
Thats a bop
Why is there a mask in between the strings and the part the music comes out
I desperately need a full version of this
I feel this on a spiritual level Just compliment me and thats it I'm yours
~... And the physical sensation~ xD
When you crack a joke and she laughs and does that little playful arm slap in the bicep/tricep area.... that shit is better than ecstasy.
the truest of love ballads
This helped my relationship so much thank you
Tom channelling his inner Prince. so funky.
Why is no one talking about the mask on one of the guitars?
It's the chest for me. The arm is nice, but if a woman puts her hand on my chest, even casually in conversation, I become an oversized puppy, trying to earn a "good boy".
Please tom, give the whole music please, at least 3 mins. Every work that you do, is for me a masterpiece, but this music, Im listening non stop! Please make a longer version!!!!!
I need a full song! This is too good
Full version pleeeease
Damn I love that groove. I hope this one gets a full version
God, this man is so fucking hot. I can’t handle this amount of hotness.
mood
Goddamn that'd hot shit
This is literally all I want..
This shit is LIT!!! VIBIN SOOOOOO HARD!!!!🎼🔥🔥🔥
Wow Tom, it's like you know my love languages. If you could make a song about being aromantic, but hyper sexual then my theme song would be complete.
i would tell u your not a piece of shit everyday ❤️
I love it
So when's the album coming out?
I accept your conditions. When we marrying?
dude please upload this without the short format, its fackin awful
YES!
And that’s why men are simple, girls take notes
*Desperately reaches for his arm*
Did anyone else notice the mask in the bass
Or just in anyway not be mean to me
You're a legend Tom, don't you ever forget that.
Oi, make this a full song on the bloody Spotify account ya dawg
* touches your arm * You're not a piece of shit, It's cool :D
My love language is personalised comment reacs and gif responses
*gentle pat on the shoulder in agreement*
now this is a song that I can both vibe and relate to
been stuck in my head ever since
I'm getting Prince vibes
I love people who are easy to please😌 i do hope we can be in platonic love😌
I couldn't wait for a full version Tom. I apologize. So I edited my own together: https://youtu.be/X866FAh4MyE  Fan Edit. You're awesome and I hope it spreads your fame!
So spicy. You better watch that damn arm sir  😁👉🏻
Slate this one for an extended version
THIS SHIT SLAPS
For a second there I Ithought he was gonna play the rumbling
Can you post just the instrumentals? I'd love that!
I have not been turned on by a pornstash in a looooong time lol love you Tom!!
we want a full song please
Yes, exactly this. MORE
that's kinda it, really
Don't call me out like this
Got anymore of them... *cough* ... Full version ?
Another banger   P.S. Tom I have been messaging you on Instagram for days. I will not stop until I hear from you, or go mad. Please end my pain.
if a handsome man touched my arm and offered to make me dinner because he could tell I was exhausted I would simply fall in love with him.
I could of sworn the origanl title of this was love-Its easy!
Hey, nice! Not enough people talk about having more than one love language. Turned out great. :)
If this becomes a full song it's gonna be my number 1
Why did I read that title as "Love Lasagna" 😅
Oh, now I really want to see full version of this song 😍
I am **in love** with that first line. I need that on a loop
When will all these songs be available on Spotify? I wanna listen to so many of your bangers
That's a pretty low bar for relationship goals. But then again, you'll hardly ever get disappointed. 🤔 That might actually work
Full version of this one please.
Full length version when?
The power on "between" on the shoulder-wrist line is amazing. I need the full version desperately.
gotta hand it to ya
Hope to see this number on the next album Tom.  There will be a next album, right?
Don't worry Tom, I will always tell you you're not a giant piece of shit, you're a glorious little shit; and I adore you for it.
that glissando is fucking greasy
Honestly same
Full version when???
Yo, this riff deserves another minute of song if you've got the lyrics for it
Need a full length that hits all the love languages.
I'm getting Prince vibes from this
So is there a sign up sheet or....?
Tom, this may have strangers attempting to touch and affirm you in public. Tom, I'm strangers.
some of us are starved of healthy affection and it shows
Omg this is such a jam
The beginning part was sexy cmon we need a full song
EVERY man I've ever known :) FULL VERSION PLEEEEEEAAAASE!
You got me with the mask in your guitar, my friend.
PLEASE TELL ME THIS IS GONNA BE ON SPOTIFY
Tom. You gotta full version this banger. Gotta give us that affirmation, bud!
damn, is that all? 👀
God I hope there's going to be a longer version of this one, I love it so much 😂
Can you please start a Spotify thanks mate
this 200% needs a full song
To the one who has ears to hear, let him hear this message   Don’t play games with you’re soul Jesus loves you so much as you can see from what’s going on in the world things have changed and you probably wonder at times if things will Ever go back to normal ?   the answer to that question is no. God is allowing you to see just how evil this world is and you’ve seen so much that should make you think and ask yourself is God speaking to me ? Is God warning me ? yes he is and God will judge this world but God is patient with you and with all Not wanting any to perish but all to be saved   Today and even now is time of salvation make the best decision you can make in this world and give you’re life and you’re heart to Jesus Christ and accept Jesus as you’re Lord and Saviour doing so while understanding this fact that eternity is forever with no end And no such thing as time in eternity    God loves you so much God doesn’t force you to accept him but they are consequences for rejecting the forgiveness that God offers to you through Jesus who died for you as a sacrifice for you’re sins   God wants to forgive you and save you but you need to stop running away from God the bible says all have sinned and are guilty before God but loves us so much that he made a way for us to be saved   the judgement of God is near with all that’s happening in the world the earthquakes the volcanoes the vaccines it’s obvious that something is going on and you need to get right with God because you’re sins separate you from God. God doesn’t want you to Go to hell which Is why Jesus died for you In you’re place paying the price for you’re sins   receive the forgiveness of God in Christ Jesus today   John 3  For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.  Whoever believes and has decided to trust in Him [as personal Savior and Lord] is not judged [for this one, there is no judgment, no rejection, no condemnation]; but the one who does not believe [and has decided to reject Him as personal Savior and Lord] is judged already [that one has been convicted and sentenced], because he has not believed and trusted in the name of the [One and] only begotten Son of God [the One who is truly unique, the only One of His kind, the One who alone can save him].   This is the judgment [that is, the cause for indictment, the test by which people are judged, the basis for the sentence]: the Light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil. For every wrongdoer hates the Light, and does not come to the Light [but shrinks from it] for fear that his [sinful, worthless] activities will be exposed and condemned  . But whoever practices truth [and does what is right—morally, ethically, spiritually] comes to the Light, so that his works may be plainly shown to be what they are—accomplished in God [divinely prompted, done with God’s help, in dependence on Him].”” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16, 18-21‬ ‭  For the wages which sin pays is death, but the [bountiful] free gift of God is eternal life through (in union with) Jesus Christ our Lord.” ‭‭Romans 6.23  2 Peter3   9The Lord is not slow to do what he has promised, as some think. Instead, he is patient with you, because he does not want anyone to be destroyed, but wants all to turn away from their sins
Full version. Now
OOOHH AAAAAHHH ( ◎⃝⃘∀◎⃝⃘ ) ( ◎⃝⃘∀◎⃝⃘ ) ( ◎⃝⃘∀◎⃝⃘ ) ( ◎⃝⃘∀◎⃝⃘ ) ( ◎⃝⃘∀◎⃝⃘ )  ( ◎⃝⃘∀◎⃝⃘ ) ( ◎⃝⃘∀◎⃝⃘ ) ( ◎⃝⃘∀◎⃝⃘ ) YOU WANNA MAKE A FULL VERSION SOOOOO BAD
Fully called out D:
Same, Tom. Same.   Also this one gives me Mother Mother vibes, anyone else?
I got excited just by the thought of someone not telling me that I am a piece of shit.
And no I have an anthem
The whole damn arm?! You Pervert...
This reminds me of every time i told my little sisters friends things like ''Everyone doesn't hate you'' or ''No, you're not a fat cow, stop saying that'' and they would then go around telling everyone we were dating/in love...
I really wish this played on the radio.
As someone whose love language is Words of Affirmation and physical touch. Thank you.
The Ian Anderson minstrel stance at 18 seconds is an overwhelming flex
this had some OK GO vibes. Make a longer version an do a big fancy rube golberg video clip
god your recent songs have been absoute bangers, hope they get added to spotify 🙏
Jammies
Please release the full version of this ;A;
Song is an amazing bop! Definitely upvote any requests for a long version, if possible ! (seriously, I want to karaoke this shit !) (on a side note i strongly dislike the new shorts tab, youtube leave me alone)
oh i LOVE the sound of this one, what a bop. also big same
Now I know what I'm going to do next time I see you Tom.
13 years in a relationship and i've had about..... 10 compliments and never an arm touch. What the fuck am i doing? Cheers Tom you fucking legend! Fuck this shit!
Damn those arms...
I feel that this was written in response to something that actually happened. I feel that *we* shouldn't be the people you tell this to, Tom
More of this 🙌🙌🙌🙌
Men only want thing and it's fucking disgusting:
You have too much musical power
tom how dare you attack all of us and make it sound good at the same time
whe...where's the rest of it?!?!
another good one, full version please the instrumental is funky! if you wont do full songs, can we get an "instrumental" album so we can remix you?
How are you so sexy just doing nothing indoors 😂❤️
I NEED A FULL SONG OF THIS OH MY GOD ITS WAY TOO RELATABLE
Yes. I'm that touch starved when it's needed.
I need a three minute version of this.
OMG I'm in love with this one!!
I need like, another minute and a half of this to groove to, at least. Maybe two minutes. Tom pls.
This is so fucking WHOLESOME and SUCH a jam.  (Team Touch and Team Words 5evah)
Very OK Go-sounding.
heh I watched this when it was 69,000 views
I'll be waiting for the song that follows this: prematurely... making a strong emotional connection
i did NOT just read that title as ‘love lasagne’ and think it was going to be about food.
I feel that pain on a metaphysical level.
Can this have a full song
I'm so glad my love language is physical touch and words of affirmation. Tom is amazing.
got goosebumps at the start
Your meet and greets are going to be a lot weirder now, Tom.
I can do this
You ever get head  massaged with one of those head scratchers? Pure bliss
The start reminds me of The Beatles, I'm not sure how I feel about that
All your songs are funny but it's been a minute since I've audibly laughed at one
Hahaha I was smiling so hard I almost disliked the song, wheeze. This is me. I need that reassurance XD
MAN THIS IS SOOOOO GOOD OMFG
fantastic!  full version please!
Please stop perceiving me like this. Thnx. Excellent tunes as always.
Probably your most NSFW song yet.
Nah all you need to do is look at me and I’ll probably be desperate enough
I misread love language as love triangle so I had no clue where this song was going.
I have a system with Tom Cardy. I found him, binged like all of his videos, rewatching some of the best ones in the same binge. Got tired of his content, saw a vid of his a month later, binged again, got tired of his content again, repeat.
Please please please make a full version 😭😭😭
*firmly grabs arm and shakes aggressively* “YOU’RE NOT A GIANT PIECE OF SHIT! YOU’RE NOT A GIANT PIECE OF SHIT!”
And yet again I feel represented by a meme. Love you too, Mr. Cardy.
Tom, you're nailing it, baby. You're just nailing it.
I love this song and want to touch its arm in public
DAM i love this jam
Why is there is a mask in your guitar?
mood, i too am touch starved from the pandemic
i feel so seen right now
Where's our 4-minute full brass funk band accompaniment version of this, Tom?! How many T-shirts do we need to buy? How much merch do we need to move to get that FUNK? I require that stank face FUNK Mr Cardy...
So Tom has an arm fetish
Getting OK Go vibes from this and I'm into it
I was waiting for something terrible to happen but honestly this is just a nice earnest song
Oh no! this really needs a full version. Just once pay me attention and tell me I'm not a cop.
PLEASE MAKE THIS A FULL SONG PLEASE
I’m the same way lmao. Physical touch and words of affirmation are my bread and butter
Shit me too
Man, this thing was looping and the whole time I'm thinking "Tom's really upping his gaming, adding more time to his songs". One-of-a-kind musician, love him.
Please make this into a whole song I’ll add it to my playlist in a heartbeat
Alright I figured out how this is fits into the Cardyverse. This is the guy from Red Flags. Why? Because I don’t know if you noticed, but suddenly the guy was like nevermind I love human centipede right after she reached her arm out towards him, to touch his arm, and say good things about him.
Didn't get a notification for this even tho I have the bells up.
(touches arm) this is a great groove!
I just had a gig. (i'm a bassist) Got to know someone... She is a singer. I have no idea why (maybe her humor let me in to this), but I showed her your videos. Now this is recent video of the time. She saw it. I saw it... And she touched my arm in puplic, dude! Thx, fam!
Hmm. This being a "short"... can't fullscreen it in a browser... and awkward to check the description and comments. Not a fan of this style of video. But I always love Tom Cardy content.
I feel like I’m in a simulation I was just researching love languages a few hours before pls continue to read my mind mr. Candy
Everyone is going to start sending this to their crush soon.
Too relatable. Way too relatable...
at least it wasn't about how many bees can fit inside a dog
You did NOT have to call me out like that, Tom.
Please don't use shorts anymore, Youtube is just so broken at this point, I won't keep watching these, but I'd still like to watch your stuff.
freddie mercury is looking spicy
please help. How to connect korg to pc
Yes please full version of this pls. Thank Tom. Tom pls.
tom what have we told you about being too relatable? you're going to create a blackhole from the amount of people saying "fuck" "godammit" or "literally me" in some way shape or form
The only time that kind of affection happens, it's when the check doesn't bounce...
Tom, why are you attacking me so aggressively? I didn't ask for this virulent stream, this deluge coming right towards me.
your music quality is utterly phenomenal... you just keep pumping out bops???
yessssss
It's really not so much to ask, right?
SENSUAL
I'm sorry I missed your whole damn arm....second date?
You're not a giant piece of shit. Now give me your lovin'.
Please don't upload to shorts, Tom! They can't be added to playlists ):
dude, that's pretty kinky, ngl...
My love language is affectionate insults. I use “fuck you” as a term of endearment.
This is some Beck, Midnight Vultures era, awesome sauce! I need more of it!
If tom were to make another album (He probably will) this is what I think the list would be. He could make two albums if he used all of these but I doubt that he would.  Definite songs: (AKA songs longer than 2 mins) Call your mother Red flags About 8 hours Big dumb idiot #inspirational High five One person tent Mind fight Paint that Lady  Possible songs: (AKA Songs shorter that 2 mins) Hat man Fruit salad Naughty or nice Not quite almost Christmas time Lord of the rings Bon appetite Cat vs Dog Big Night Weird Guy Human interaction Love language
As a therapist, this hits on a different level and I'm wondering how I can work playing Tom Cardy into my sessions 🤔
Tom you gotta come tour the US (CA babay) as soon as you can buddy. We will all touch your arm and validate you as much as you want.
Please make a full version this is so awesome
mood
Thank God you're not a cop. Imagine if I accidentally pushed some buttons on a police radio mounted on someone's arm. They'd probably get shot in the leg, I guess. Thank God you won't.
Huh, I've never heard a cop say that before
Well, I would definitely do that for you uwu
Be careful what you wish for friend
I want a full version
I didn't know it was so easy to date a cop
wait so is this exclusive to like, just one person, or do you need multiple people to touch your arms and affirm your greatness tom?
That's the whole damn arm
Please write a full version of this one! It's so catchy and fun 😄
Tom, you are my icon. I aspire to be like you.
Came for a good time. Stayed for Tom.
How do you make 47 seconds so fucking epic?
You did a good job, Tom.
Physical touch with a second, minor language of words of affirmation. Got it.
Aaaah amazing yet again!!!! LOVE IT
kinda true
God damn that slaps...
*pat pat* good job, mate
we need more with this sound tom. awesome. keep up the great music man
ah yes love language   thank god its not about speaking french between the legs
LONGER VERSION PLEASE oh my god this jam is too good not to spread it out some more!
You need to make an alt channel and react to stuff or do random things
Amazing! And I didn’t realize this was just uploaded haha, totally expected this to be a 2 year old video with a bunch of views already
Tom must be a Gemini.
Ultimate flirting techniques
Tom, please stop stalking my private messages, these songs are getting scarily accurate to my life.  10/10 good tune
This one ended far too early!
Dont Change. END OF MESSAGE.
VOTE FOR EXTENDED VERSION ON SPOTIFY!!  I‘ll stop shouting now
I'm I this picture and I don't like jt
That's literally all it takes.
Only person on the entirety of YT who can not only remain subbed when posting a short but ill actually watch
Yep
I mean, you have nice arms so that part is easy.
Another day of Tom Cardy being a mood
I fucking hate what they've done to shorts on desktop
this too funky to just end in 47 seconds
He givin' away the secret...
Why was there a mask in the guitar
*Legendary*
This fucking awesome! I humbly request that you do a full song version, please!
I want this to be longer! Always killin it Tom!!! You are not a giant piece of ****!
Honestly so many of us are desperate for gentle physical and verbal signs of love and care 😅 I just want to be reminded that they do care, don't feel ashamed to be seen with me in public, and don't think of me as the giant piece of shit that I see myself as.
I NEED A FULL SONG OF THIS PLEASE. My love languages are words of affirmation and physical touch and I NEED a full song to sing to my wife lol
The ultimate love song, clearly.
Too political!!
FFS Tom, why do your standards have to be so damn high?!
I love this! Thank you!
🤣🤣🤣🤣
FIRE MATE!
Tub Shitter, jammin' it out again.
What the ever loving fire nuggets is this and why does it make sense
Never Misses
I actually got here early (kinda)
Now this is one of them songs that I really hope gets a full version
FINALLY a tool of seduction i can use
Challenge accepted.
I love tom’s twin brother he’s amazing 😂👍
Sounds like he wants an NLP practitioner.
Thank you for this ☺️
The (Not a) Cop is writing this down to get closer now.
why is everybody else commenting 2 minutes later?
love it
Did you wake up early to post this or have you not gone to bed yet?
We all know the upper arm is the most erogenous zone of all.
This deserves to be a full length song!
not even 1k views yet! This video needs more love!
So physical touch and words of affirmation, cracked the code Tom, now you have to date me
Aw man I can’t believe Tom made an entire song about me
What a sensual sensation, what a display of affection. Touch my arm, baby baby. You bettuh toucha my arm.
I read the title as "love lasagne" 😂
Hey Tom, thank you so much for providing us some fun and laughter in these dark times.
I'm gay
you are not a giant piece of shit tom
Honestly too relatable here Tom
Stay out of my head... no wait!.. stay
“It’s gonna be something weird, isn’t it?”   “…”  “Fuck”
*pats* Good Job!  Also, I demand more songs to be uploaded to spotify.
This dude sends me everytime  Good Music, good videos and good lyrics???? Hell yea
I ghostwrote this
I'm always head over heels, Tom. That's how people walk.
I've never been this early for anything
Awesome as always!
👍
