Welcome to the BCU, Sohla!
Thomas Jefferson brought macaroni and cheese to the British colonies from France. It developed in France thanks to Catherine de Medici. You can find mac and cheese recipes in early 19th century Virginia cookbooks.
we are reaching levels of cooking youtube cringe hitherto unseen!
rewatching this i miss this show so much
Sohla is the best thing Babs has had on the channel PERIOD
Great episode, perhaps the only flaw is that Sohla interpreted 18th century more like the middle ages 😅
2:38, isn’t that how it is now?
people just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died
Spätzle*
Babish lost BIG TIME when Sohla left.
Looks delicious!
This didn't age well.... I remember when everyone was defendig Sohla when she claimed racism. The truth was she just wasn't that great of a host. No wonder she hasn't been on the channel in over a year.
I know I'm two years late on this but wow, congrats on all of the success. I've been watching since the first Binging episode and it's heartwarming to see how far you've come. One little suggestion: When Sohla is writing in her notebook, you should mirror it with a text graphic so we can see what she's writing. Fantastic episode and congrats again!
so this must be the origin of Sohla's cooking show on history, ancient recipes with Sohla
I LOVE Sohla!!!  Her show is amazing and I am so happy she has joined your crew!
I just luuuuuuv Sohla
you should watch james townsends channel he makes 18th century food
And Sohla’s History Channel show was born! Rewatching this cuz it aged so well :) Love you Sohla, you make sure I eat well.
I just...can't believe someone that age hasn't EVER made a real fire before.  Or would put it on concrete.  I guess people living in modern cities really have changed.  Guess it goes to show how different people can be depending on their upbringing.
... so you steal content from Townsend and Sons here on YouTube and then don't credit them. Nice. U do not have to worry about me, you do not have to worry about me ....
As a former 18th century reenactor: just no 🤪
More Sohla, please!
where is sohla
It hurts so bad to watch her try to start a fire with rocks. It's called flint (rock) and STEEL (not rock)!
Ooooh baby I love Muh  cheese
Anyone think Louise from Bob's Burgers when Sohla said "hey... guys, I think it's working" at 8:00
"There was no concern... long term health, people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died" -Sohla, 2021
quite literally trial by fire.
She is adorable and so likeable....
Are you and Simon Whistler brothers?
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" fantastic line
It's been a while,certainly hope this little series isn't over. It's great.
Is it true that the chick was the highlight of the "das racist" screeching that killed the Bon Appétit Youtube channel?
How did I miss this for 10 whole months. This is 10 episodes of joy.  Edit: 6:29 Sohla: I mean, BA was BA but at least I didn't have to use a poker to open a jar of milk while concrete explodes around me.
No Andrew ... we thank you!
It's spelled Spaetzle or Spätzle, if you want to be really correct.
it was the 18th century, people just ate all the cheese they wanted and died
Sohlas literal baptism by fire to the BCU
I hope Townsends saw this!
As a german i am offended Boy „Spaetzel“ .. It‘s Spätzle  or Spaetzle
did babish start this show specifically because he got that suit
i hope this show comes back soon, there hasn't been a new episode in a couple of months
I am from Austria and in our country "Käsespätzle" are a realy popular dish to this day. Its basically spetzle with onions and cheese. Super delicious in my opinion
Earliest known mac and cheese was made in 1769 so this is pretty accurate.
Like the female version of Townsends
People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died—
5:08 fun
WHERE IS STUMP SOHLA?
so is no one discussing babish wearing jorts,
Spätzle/Spaetzle [sh-PAY-tzull {rhyme with bull}] English pronunciation  Actual pronunciation IPA [ˈʃpɛtslə]
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died" -Sohla on the 18th Century
Sohla is awesome. So happy to finally see her true potential.
He reminds me so much of Alton Brown
She made the Spätzle wrong. My grandma in me is crying
So is Adam Rappaport Babish's archnemesis in the BCU? Furious that Babish stole one of his team from him? There seriously needs to be a comic book series to accompany this channel lol.
IT’S IN MY EYE 😂😂😂
Love this series, keep ‘em coming!!! Great job!!!
I'm so disappointed in this! I like the idea of the show and really enjoy watching things play out, but it really amounted to the chef BSing her way through the challenge. Probably great food, just not connected in any way to what it was supposed to be. It was a beautiful lie, but it was still a lie.
...Now I want to do tiny cooking in holes.
Sounds like something Michael Twitty should be involved in.
the BCU cinematic dimension
Honey, they had stoves in the 18th century
1:40 yes they did: example being the amazing mrs. crocombe.
Did ....did he break up with Steph ? I’m too scared to watch all of it
Mac and cheese was invented in 1769
spätzle and cheese
"Because back then they died young" Bro I just died young.
Yup here I am again procrastinating 😂
Mrs Crocombe and Townsends both have done this
this is like watching townsends if he didnt know what was going on. love it
"18th century" but she thinks its the stone age...
My dude wearing jorts at the end.
Sohla is the cutest human being ever
What stumps Sohla, you may ask?    _LIDS_
She's so beautiful
This is more of “women fighting the 18th century for mac and cheese”
I want to be eating this Mac and Cheese.
Man that must've been some real dry wood
This was truly groundbreaking.
babish i LOVE this channel and everything it has become. including sohla in it is so wonderful, i love the way y’all bounce off each other :,). thank you for creating this channel i adore it
Wait until babish adopts all the stars from BA
Wait a second, I thought you said this channel was DONE milking mac and cheese!
NOBODY HLP ME lol she's so cute
A cute lol Townsends moment for Sohla!! Nutmeglicious
I'm the 18th century you would have made your own butter too!
GLIZZY
BA Goofing up working with Sohla really promotes this show to new heights!
I was today years old when I found out his name isn't babish
Love Sohla!!
kasespaetzle!!! my heart!!!
I’m really bummed that this wasn’t a Townsends crossover
hmm. shoulda consulted Cowboy Kent Rollins on this one
Sohla is such a badass and the cutest, that looked so yummy!!!
Where Sohla goes, I follow <3
Anyone else notice the ghost at 8:51
2:35 . . . my people
Yay Sohla is here!!!
I didn't notice the tiny whisks in your pocket. A true master of the arts.
Binging with Babish has gone full Brooklyn
Babish "I feel so Medieval" Me, a music history teacher: "...that is NOT the same era....at least the music is accurate though." Love seeing Sohla be awesome too :)
Bravo Sohla!
they had kerosene btw
Non fire rated cement blocks kills BA Youtube star Sohla on her first episode after leaving BA. (LOL, glad she's safe)
Babish Culinary Universe Brand: Adorable Dorky Cooking BAMFs
rocks have a tendency to *explode*, when in fire...     cool
This video makes me so happy
FIX SOUND. FIX SOUND. HIRE SOUND MIXER. SOUND DESERVES BETTER.
Weirdly this is the last episode I am watching of this
Still waiting for John townson  to enter the BWBCU
Never followed BA even before all the inequality stuff came out so I'm new to Sohla. She's wonderful! I love her! Glad to see her join this channel.
I come from the future. Sohla will not be stumped
More sohla plz
Did i heard right? They used   Noodles like Spätzle for Mac and cheese?
The defeated sigh when the wheel leaves. 2020 in a single breath.
I have just met this woman, and I already love her. What a delight.
𝒷𝑜𝓊𝒷𝓁𝒶𝒿
Love her tenacity, and wonderful sweet personality. And her cooking looks amazing.
BCU = Boston College University
“People just ate all the cheeses they wanted to eat and then they died”...   I’m not gonna lie that sounds like me now
Andrew is literally the Sweetest guy! Sohla is such an old soul I love her and him ♥
"cooking used to be a true labor of love, now we just use a stand mixter"
Corduroy was probably around back then by the way
I really like the show! But when the power goes out long term you guys are going to either die or be sold into slavery. Probably both.
THIS SHOW WAS ALL I EVER WANTED. Seriously, I previously hoped Bon Appetite would give Sohla her own series. She was so knowledgeable and creative about cooking. And just plain lovable! I'm very happy to see her skills be put to better use and in a way that we can enjoy for our very own entertainment. Looking forward to this very much!
I love her positive personality.
I would die for Sohla from the Babish culinary universe
cause of death : cheese
“Ooh ah ah- you don’t care” 😭😭
thought this was a townsends crossover
I love Sohla! So great to see her!!
I am now following this channel solely for Sohla.
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died"
Can this woman BE any cuter? (Chandler voice)
"18th Century Mac & Cheese" Townsends would like to know your location.
Actually the youtube channel The Townsends also have an episode about macaroni and cheese.
Any Malaysians think she looks like she's wearing school uniform? 😂😂
I love Sohla so much, she's hilarious.
I love this so much. Sohla is amazing and so fun to watch. Its great to see you branching out and really expanding. I love how you're willing to share your channel with others instead of making it all about you. It tells me you're not driven by your ego, which is refreshing. :3
Watching Babish eat with "that" bleeds my tongue
Keep doing vids with her she’s cool
It would be nice to see a lot more historical anecdotes tied into the show. It's mostly just mac and cheese cooked over fire instead of 18th century mac and cheese.
Cheesus this is great content!
Was a fan of BA. Haven't watched new content from BA for months and suddenly found out about the fallout from its systemic racism problem. Immediately unsubbed BA. Will watch contents from the ex-talents that were unpaid, underpaid or sidelined in other channels instead.
Sohla is not stumped buy exploding concrete.  That's what you call earning your fair share.
This is amazing, Sohla won my heart with her dosa skills that I saw... elsewhere.  Much love and wishes for success, this makes my heart happy.
After seeing this, I feel like a collaboration with Jas. Townsends should be in order. They all team up and make an 18th century feast!
I see Sohla I subscribe
they had ovens in the 1700s
Heard Sohla was back on the tube so I came to check it out. Looove her!
This was quite impressive and cool! Love Sohla from the BA Test Kitchen.  Glad she has a segment here 😌💜🌈
Hold up, who designs a fire pit that can’t withstand the heat of a fire?
Calling a nice person a "dumb white guy" because people like him more and calling the audience "dumb" is wrong. I hope they all make a lot of money, except for Sohla and anyone that agrees with her.
Thank you Sohla for sharing your knowledge and joy. You're a great host, and I look forward to seeing more of your work!
Ok i stan him! What a good fucking guy.
We love you sohla you seem happier glad to see you here.
Petition for Sohla to be the featured chef on Blue Apron!!!
I come to watch you and not that Bon Appetit reject, Sohla.  She's poison.  Won't be watching anything she's in.
Sohla is the best!!
How do you make the spelt? Just flour, egg, and salt?
I love mac and cheese this is next level
Love sohla!
This is so incredibly cool, I literally have tears in my eyes. Babish.... you are giving YouTube back its food soul.... We all miss FoodTube, RIP. We need this.
Episode 1023 Dora went back in time and killed Hitler!
This is truly AMAZING!!
WE LOVE SOHLA !!!
i really like out-of-character Babish
YAY!
Wonderful 💖
I like how they didn't have enough money for a microphone but they could afford a huge wheel lmao
Yall dont know alot about the 18th century do ya. You should get townsends to help you out! Love their cooking episodes!
THIS IS NOT 18TH CENTURY AT ALL, there is an actual 18th century cooking channel
Not really a perfect Spätzle board, but at least she almost said it correctly. But all in all I have to say I love this. Go Sohla! Go Babish! Go BCU!
Can u make a turducken. Its turkey duck chicken
I demand a Babish-Townsends Crossover Episode.
i love this move omg
The man is playing 5d chess. Sohla is talented and as picky as i am when I cook her knowledge is impeccable. Andrew making BIG moves 😁😁😁😁😁.
"Townsend would like to know your location"
This was hilarious, adorable, and lovely.
1:10 babish so chaotic and I love him
The Townsend's would be so proud.  And Sohla is delightful and hilarious. So glad she is getting the recognition she deserves ❤️
SOHLA! SUBscribed. :)
i really do think that sohla looks like an older version of dora the explorer
SOHLA you bad betch! we stan you infamous kween.
They had fire strikers in the 18th century 🤣. They weren’t using rocks in homes. I’m dying laughing 😂
BRUH YOUR OWN AD PLAYED ON YOUR OWN VIDEO WHAT A POWER MOVE
käsespätzle 😩
She deserves this and OMG she is such a host. LOVE HER! So happy to see her happy on this new show <3
In today's episode, Sohla learns that concrete cannot handle high temperatures; and as a bonus, Sohla learns to open a lid 😅🤣😂 Luv you Sohla, you are awesome!!!
i expected better from her. disliked, and left the video around the 5 minute mark.
18th century is the 1700s right
"We've got a couple rocks"
2.5 million views and still going.  This was a good get, Babby. Sohla is top-notch.
Who are these monsters downvoting this video?
Omg she's so beautiful without her glasses! 😯 She's not ugly with them but they definitely obscure her features & hide just how pretty she is.
No macaroni in the 18th century? The hell was Yankee Doodle putting in his hat, then?
Im so into this! Sohla deserved so much better and I'm so happy she found a place she can be herself ❤️ I love her so much!
Sohla deserves it all, especially after what BA did!
This woman has the charisma of a wet towel. Should've gotten Brad.
Spetzle Mac and cheese style... holy moly, that sounds INCREDIBLE
Begging for patreons and then brag with rolex watches over 10k. Well done
I want this actual recipe!
This just in: Sohla succesfully assembling the pot on the fire, saying a simple 'yeah' and then agressively yeeting her gloves onto the couch is a wholeass culinary mood.
This would make Townsend proud
She is great. I love her. Can I call her "the Great Goofy " please?
Fuckkkkkk y'all mfrs should have gotten Townsends to collab on this fuego🔥🔥🔥
Käsespätzle! Dang Sohla won even more favour.
Bro I liget love stump Solange I wanna see more
spatzle!!!! nothing better man
/SHPAY-tzluh/   ...but I love spetzel!
It’s sohla!!! Thought I’d never see her again on YouTube making new videos after she left BA video. Yay!! This is exciting!
Love this, but the volume is so low 😭
MAKE CLAIRE AND BRAD JOIN PLEASE OMG
That's called Käsespätzle
Y'all, spätzle is STILL a staple in German speaking countries. Nothing better than käsespätzle on a cold day!
I swear she should do an episode with John Townsend's. She would be amazed that they did have mac and cheese back then. John made a video on it and it's very good!
DIABLO MAXIMUS BREAKFAST BURRITO FROM THE TROLLHUNTERS
Hey Babish I was watching Raising Hope and Burt makes a sausage link waffle roof house S2 E2 it’s easy and you can do your own spin on it
"They just ate all the cheese they wanted and died, right?" 🤣🤣🤣
How have you never started a fire? Fires are freaking amazing, and nothing beats cooking shit on a beach from deadwood coals. Love you Sohla but you need to start making fires.
"I think I'm going to use a lot of cheese          Because back then they died young"
I'm late but sign me up!! I'm supporting this
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died” is still my long term plan.
Who else wants sohla to recreate that cake in walnut shell
SOOOOOOOHHHLAAAAAAA!!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
Sohla! Now all you need is Claire!
We love you sohla!!
I can't believe I didn't know this was a thing. Congrats dude! This is the ultimate power move. And congrats, Sohla! I'm so glad your talent is being truly appreciated. Thank you Babish, for saving our dear Sohla, for showing her that her talent is appreciated, and for supporting her in this hard time. God bless both of you, and welcome to the BCU, Sohla!! <3
"so I have two rocks"  Oh Sohla...
A great depression food was mac and cheese cuz it was so cheap. Today...its a life hack for me.
Babbish: starts encroaching on Townsends turf. Townsends: starts loading Musket
Damn i was hoping she would have to follow an 18th century recipe
Something about using rocks to start a fire while wearing an iwatch....
Sohla: People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died -   Yep, clicking on this was *not* a mistake.  Kinda wish I hadn't had the door open when I shriek-laughed, but that's on me.
i think babish's jorts need more attention
BCU is the new bon appetit and no one can change my mind about it
Gross
Sohla: "Was there Mac & Cheese in the 18th Century?" Me, who knows that Thomas Jefferson loved it so much that he imported it from France in quantities that almost caused a shortage: "Probably, I'm not sure."
"people ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" me: haha im in danger 🙂
I love the concept of the BCU!  And what a fun show "Stump Sohla" is gonna be.  I feel she loves a challenge, and we all know how creative, smart, and resourceful she is.  Love this.
I love her i love this
Needs nutmeg!
I hope BA watched this and realizes how bad they fucked up losing her.
mmm... that looks so good, but too much work so i'ma just microwave mac & cheese because it's 1am
I can't help but read BCU as the Babish Culinary University.
Sohla is amazing! I'm also living for Babish in a powder blue suit!! 🤩
I really thought BCU stand's for Babish Cinematic Universe
Wow... she's lucky she didn't lose an eye!  GREAT accomplishment with the spaetzle on a board -- so ingenious!  But I sure hope Babish has good liability insurance.
A show starring Sohla? Just subbed.
You can't stump Sohla! - 5 hour instant meal,wonderful. Glad to see one of the best entertaining culinary geniuses is back where she belongs. Long may she reign!
*googles when corduroy was invented* Google: 1774  She's even right when she's wrong!
In love. Love you sohla. So happy and proud
Took me awhile to realize, on a unrelated note, that Sohla's apron reminds me of Malaysian's secondary school pinafore. Anyways, great show!
I subscribed for Sohla! Welcome to babish! She gets to be herself!!!!
Get what you deserve queen 👸
I wonder if we're going to see other chefs from the defunct test kitchen join the babish culinary universe? 😈
The Mozart score was inspiring.
Babish unleasing his inner Alton Brown
I love sohla
go Sohla
why u brin gb mkliytttle mamnn ? i dony like vwgat tthids dotrera? dorra? dora / why this is this bhitjis this? little man
So when is the Townsends/BCU collab coming? How much do I have to pay you?
This is what happens when you don't dry out your firewood. You make mac and cheese.
Wow they really held her back on BA, huh. She's got tons of personality!!
I feel like Sohla El-Waylly should be called Sohla El-Yaylly. Or maybe Sohla El-WayCool.
Imagine if Babish also hired the other chefs who left BA...
BA's loss is BCU's and Food 52's gain. Love you Sohla💓💓💓💓
“People just ate all the cheese they want and then they died” is a fair assessment of culinary history.
The thought of y’all doing this in a Brooklyn backyard is absolutely sending me
TEAM BABISH!! BCU!!!
Can we talk about how her not being on BA has just... allowed her to truly be herself. She is so funny and so incredibly smart. (Not that she wasn't on BA). But I feel like a lot of it was edited out so we only got brief clips of her showing her talents.
YOU'RE SO CUUUUTTTTEEEEE AAAAAA
Sohla’s flexing so hard and I’m LOVING it, your loss BA
So proud
18th-century people didn't eat off those forks. They ate off the side of dull knives or with big spoons. Just FYI.
Today is binge on Sohla day.
Loving Sohla, great new addition to the show! Looking forward to more challenges.
Ben Franklin is judging you, just know that.
The universe would explode if you added Claire and Molly to your BCU gang. 👏
Best wishes to you guys! Welcome Sohla!
listen, i’m not gonna say i’m not happy with this, but did i expect sohla to milk her own cows, churn her own butter and make her own cheese? maybe i did.
Can I like this twice?
Sohla is a genius, so happy to see her get the opportunity to shine!
LOVE Sohla. You can never stump Sohla! 🤍
I'm finally subscribing to Babish channel with Sohla on-board!
I got a ad of him for his own show
I'd gotten used to automatically adding all Babish videos to Watch Later.  That's...gonna change now...
New subscriber cus Sohla
Less Babish. Respectfully.
Sohla is so knowledgeable and fun! I loved this!
I didn’t *know* Sohla well, I remember seeing her here and there on BA but even with not knowing her- I can see a HUGE difference in her personality and energy. Almost like she was being confined all these years and just bursted open! I have now binge watched all the shows in this series and can confirm she is awesome, talented and extremely intelligent. Good for her.
Vivaldi's Quatro Stagioni playing in the background. Nice work, Babish!
7:06 - "I didn't have any friends..." Yes, Sohla. We feel you.
How many Rolex's does Andrew have? ;-)
"I think I'm gonna use alot of cheese cuz back then they died young" 😂😂😂
Yippee! Make space for molly and brad too!! Babish hits BA where it hurts! Lol
We stan that 1th century lifestyle: eating as much cheese as you want and then dying
This is good because you get that fun goofiness that BA sold itself on, but it's coming from an actually competent person who's not constantly asking other people how to do things. It's also good for other reasons, like the main star is actually getting paid fairly.
This gives me @TastingHistory vibes. I’m here for it.
This is so cringe. Don’t forget the cooking! It’s about the food! This feels like a cheesy game show playing off the politics of her story. Go the Josh Weismann angle.
Please steal all of the BA staff. We want Claire
Soo lookin forward to the rest of the wheel :D
I’m so glad she’s out of BA she’s way to good for them
Need more Sohla asap, tyvm. you guys rock
Shpehh-tssluh.  Lol I love listening to her attempting to say Spätzle 🤣
Awesome version of Mac&Cheese and I’m glad you used „Spaetzel“ (actually „Spätzle“, as we say in Germany). Hand-scraped from the wooden board, the only way genuine Spätzle are made. Thumbs up 👍🏻
BTW, I'm having serious real estate envy.  Where did you find a backyard/patio like that??? In NYC?????
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, and then they died!"  I died when I heard that.
Love Babish Love Sohla
that's it, subscribed!
I love Sohla so much, I'm so happy to see her again and see her so alive!
Lucky you didn't lose body parts on this one...
Please bring BRADDDDDD!!!
Sohla, a legend 🙌
power move
This is the content I need ❤️
New favorite show on YouTube!! Sohla, so excited to see you back at it!!
Me, a Bavarian sitting here watching Sohla basically making Käsespätzle: uhmmmm... But for real tho, I'm so glad she got her own show, she seems so much happier and she deserves the world <3
Maaaan, what a missed opportunity to get Townsends on Board. Don't get me wrong, I love it. But this could really have been a great crossover.
Love this!
she said it like they died cuz of how much cheese they ate kalsksdl;ajsdlk
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, and then they died" - me, with my lactose intolerance
I've been mostly familiar with the Babish side of things but being aware of what brought Sohla here, the mistreatment under BA; it's amazing that Andrew gave her this platform to challenge her.
She was the least interesting to watch on  BA and still is.
So, when's the Sohla and Townsends crossover? I will pay for that, by the way.
I just adore Sohla...
Anyone else get a Babish commercial on this video?
she better be a partner
Sohla out making crackers with crackers an fire with fire.....I luv this woman!😂😂😍😍
Sohla! Yesssss 🙌🏽
I have goosebumps. The correct move in every way possible. Proud to support this channel & the both of you.
Stump Sohla: the Mission Impossible
Seeing Sohla again and seeing Babish in game-show-host costume spark so much joy in such a dark time. Thanks guys for cheering me up on a bad day.
This show is so pleasant to watch. I really enjoy Sohla's vibe and her general sense of cooking know-how. Looking forward to the future episodes!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died". What a blessing.
What you just made is called "Kassspazn" here in Germany!  Also, love to see more of Sohla !
Shes so precious
funnily enough mac and cheese goings all the way back to the 14th century in Italy
this was an enjoyable 2:00am watch, now i'm craving some mac
Pls do not disrespect Sohla’s skin tone with this lighting/contrast 😭. Color correct pls I’m begging
Love the new show, SO happy to see Sohla!
YAAAAAAY SOHLA! I've missed your lovely sense of humor
The key to 18th Century cooking is Nutmeg
Grats on your earned life. Hook up with Has Townsend & son and Mac Miller Eating history? And maybe The History Guy? Anyhow, it makes my heart glad, in these "end times" of "the covid" to see you again. I handed missed all of you guys. But you were are my fav? ❤️❤️👍🙏😎
Never underestimate an underdog 😏 Sohla is such a boss lady, you go girl!!! Such a great representation of women empowerment. She left a company that did not see her worth or value and now she is thriving.
Who else wishes that the authenticity part of the brief had her also churning her own butter, from cream she skimmed herself from whole, non-homogenized milk?
I love the new channel name!!!
I'm subscribing for Solah
i love when sohla is just like "hm, ok - sounds fun!" 😂 no fear, she's perfect.
Amazing first episode! I subscribed for Sohla!
Love it
I loved Sohla on the "shall not be named" channel, and I am so glad to see her cook again on a great channel. Thank you Babish
RIP to all the careers that Sohla tanked
Love  Sohla!  She’s amazing.
I thought I loved Sohla BEFORE, but I adore her in this. Love love love.
How come Sohla's videos get 4.5k dislikes while other videos are getting less than 1k. Ofc she gets more likes too, but it's still messed up. :( Anyways, love your work!! I'm looking forward to more videos of Sohla!
I am here for ALL the Sohla content. Please keep it coming.
Am I the only one who said look it up in an 18th century cook book?  Cuz there are recipes. Even American ones.
wait, I want to learn! When were Gruyere and cheese curds invented?
Im soooo happy for Sohla! And the ideas are great. Im so into it. Keep on movin
There’s a wheel?
I love sohla 🥺
You could, I dunno, look up Townsends and learn the correct answers, rather than speculate blindly things like "they didn't have elbow macaroni".
i love u Sohla. Ur funnier and cuter than babish. but i still love u too babish.
James townsend and sons......
You should have done a quick crossover with Townsends! That would have been epic.
hat sie einfach kässpätzle gemacht?
Sohla needs her own show not an assistant position This just perpetuates the problem
I just heard the news and literally came here and subbed just for solar! Fuckin love you,  sohla!
Are you sure if it was intentional but I got your Maker's Mark commercial before this video
She’s so cute!!! I love her!!!
Spaetzle with cheese are still super popular in the south of Germany,and Austria! Such a fun vid😍 for future 18th century videos, maybe we could watch Sohla research the food/dish historically?
Should have made Sohla churn the butter for authenticity but still, great to see her again.
I grew up making spaetzle on a board like that and you did a great job Sohla! This looks amazing.
He looks like gman
Did Shola not know that there was matches in the 18th century?
I'm so happy we're are able to see Sohla again!
We love SOHLA!!
Sohls straight killin it as usual!
sohla making fun of her 18th century food carrying devices but this whole process was cottage core porn for me
someone call Mrs. Crocombe!
sohle fanclub incomming
Thomas Jefferson loved macaroni and cheese apparently
Andrew, I would highly suggest the Arteflame fire pit/cooking grills if you are looking for a major upgrade in outdoor fire pit spaces.
Sohla getting the bag
Yes!! Instant sub from me.
Sohla is amazing!! I can't wait for more episodes!!
I loved this soooooo much! Looking forward to more episodes, you’ve got a gem!
You deserve all the success, Sohla!
This is a great move. Hats off. Seen this and the next two eps, love it.
Babish: 18th century mac and cheese  Jon Townsend: hold my nutmeg
Spätzle are absolutely awesome. Fry some up with ham and onions, maybe some cheese melted on top. Absolutely great meal. We have that quite regularly around our house.
Townsends is shooketh
YASSS SOHLA GET THAT MONEY 😍😍😍😍
OMG SOHLA ‼️‼️‼️‼️
So, this is a comedy channel now, that's a shame, I enjoyed the exploration of cookery techniques and depth of knowledge... None of that here.
LOLOLOL I love all of this.
As a german, It's so weird hearing americans talk about Spätzle
Just googled it. Matches were invented in 1826. You were good to use them :p Flint and steel would have been good though too--ye old lighter lol
I am so happy to see babish including sohla and expanding to have a respectable, precious new form of entertainment that will be full of love and respect and...  *See’s explosion at **5:06*  Well ok, if you’re gonna blow up Sohla from day one, then we gotta talk
*John Townsend feels a disturbance in the Force*
Now this is how you do it. Give a rejected but extremely talented person her own show but also keep going with the original content so people can't complain. Perfect.
Käsespätzle is a very famous dish in Southern Germany and Switzerland. Few weeks ago I was cooking Mac and cheese for the first time of my life and was a little bit disappointed because in fact Mac and cheese is the American version of Käsespätzle.
California knows.
We need exact  this recipe but in normal style so we can all cook it because now i wanna try it
damnit why you so fckn charming andrew!
Ok. Sohla basically whistleblows her employer for underpaying/not paying/keeping their POC talent as supporting cast and showcasing almost exclusively white cast. Babish, one of BA’s biggest competitor’s on this platform, scoops her up and immediately gives her an equal role and her own series, after earlier nabbing one of their cameramen. Then outpacing their subscribers by over 33%.  This is Game of Thrones tier shit.
Something is extra beautiful about Sohla now.  She was always pretty--but there is something extra special now.  I hope it is her happiness shining thru.
One of my favorite things about this series is it positions a brown women as an expert, who is so good at her craft normal cooking is too Easy, So she has to be challenged. This is especially wonderful considering how she got to the BCU. More brown lady experts!
I'm already in love. I want more
Sohla is incredible!!!!!!!!
I don't like this.
This was unnecessarily long. There was almost no excitement, very little entertaining commentary but a lot of talking. Normally I like shows where I gain energy and motivation, after this, I feel drained and can remember almost nothing with two exceptions: Spaetzle can be made without eggs and Sohla is blatantly ignorant about the 18th century.  I understand why they did not build a realistic set with a cooking oven and hand-crafted kitchenware, but then trying to start the fire with flint and steel (and forgetting the steel) is just awkward. This whole thing feels forced and inorganic...
I truly wonder what people think life was like in the 18th century.  An 18th Century kitchen had wood/coal-fired stoves. White wheat flour has been milled by humans since 6000BC, but was usually reserved for the upper-crust of society, while the common man would have whole-grain flour. Dairy cows were domesticated in 10500BC and spread across the globe like wildfire.  The 18th Century was on the doorstep of the First Industrial Revolution. Small history lesson.
wait... so mac and cheese originated from Käsespätzle?
Babish suddenly holding an unplugged shotgun mic is pretty funny.
This is amazing. LOVE SOHLA.
Wooow it took me a long time to figure out that she was trying to say Spätzle xD  Edit: Also that's a very interesting combination of mac and cheese and what we in germany call "Käse spätzle" or "Kasspazen"..
You should reach out to Townsends ☺️
Sohla is here now? You’ve got my subscription :)
Get townsends in here lol 🔥
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died" that's how I strive to live my life every day.
I’m gonna cry
Andrew is only 33 but he looks so much older than me at 30
Sohla is literally gold 😂
It is SO nice to see Sohla using all of her culinary knowledge, rather than being used for minimal “diversity”. Way to go!!!
Fantastic!
Butch and dora
"i've come a long a long way from boiling water in walnut shells" 🤣🤣 SOHLA I LOVE YOU
Mr.Babish I've been a fan of yours since 2017 I hope you do this for your 8 million subs video you should do foods from the big bang theory like spaghetti with hotdogs,Thai take outs,Deathstar Cake, Some of the  in the you read this and hope you do this thank you
Where is Sohla and Priya? Are they just at different companies?
Biggest smile on my face watching Sohla on her own show!! I love her so much! Thank you for rescuing her from BA!
Wait what happened to the hot dog she grilled?
As someone who used to do this multiple weeks a year while camping 18th century style, I'm proud of you
Lamest cooking show. The execution is terrible. No research, no history, corny humor. This production sucks.
Yay!
BABISH HAS ANOTHER CHANNEL?
the only way this could get better is if babish said 'here where she's getting paid fair and is appreciated'
5:12 perfectly timed ad break
3:17 if that missed tho 👀
SOHLAAAAAAA
why do i always get binging with babish ads on binging with babish videos?
been watching babish for years without subscribing... and then here comes sohla, and everything changed..😁
I see Sohla, I click.
New favorite show
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died..." god they really had life figured out back in the day.
Mrs crocombee is not amused by the addition of French béchamel to this servant staple.
Omg Sohla! I thought I'd never see you again in so glad ❤️❤️❤️
Loved it but people didn't cook over open fire in the 18th century they had cookers
Great! Now I have to try this! Thanks, Sohla!
Im soooo happy to see Sohla in her element
3 minutes in and im sold.
That cheese bit hahahahahah xD
Sohla is an great addition to the channel. Kudos!
I wonder what the 8M subs video is going to be? :O
Babish: Let's be cool and add someone else to the channel!  aLsO BaBiSh: BUT LET THEM SWEAT BULLETS!
she looks like belle from beauty and the beast I love her fit!!!!!!!!!!!
Are we not gonna talk about Andrew in that baby blue suit though??? 😍 Looking sharp, man!! 💕
Somehow I love the chaotic energy that comes from them not really knowing much about history (or so it seems, sorry guys)
oh my god i love sohla and dammit i love this show! really fun to watch.
Now THIS is what I came here to see! This is such a cool new direction, both for the channel and for Sohla! So keen
I already loved Babish. Now I love Sohla. This channel is just getting better and better with every upload. Can’t wait
OMG- i LOVE this "People ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died." -Sohla
loving this, I’m excited to see how the BCU expands
When i saw Sohla I immediately subscribed. Sohla is great!
Käsespetzle reinvented as "Mac and Cheese" :) It's so good to see one of my favorites of BA back in the Kitchen. This is awesome.
“People just ate all the cheese they want, the died”. I died haha
Check out Townsands here on YouTube, He has a Mac and cheese recipe from the 1700’s its way good.
Sohla is soooo adorable!
Can anyone identify the background music starting at 5:13?
I already forgot what the channel used to be called
I'm really happy to see Sohla back and I think it's so great you're friends and you used your platform to make this happen.
i want more of the best of BA in the BCU, i miss Brad, Claire, Molly and the gang.
😍😁👌🏾
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!!!
sohla is BACK! hell yeah!
In case anyone was wondering, this *is* what we want.
Absolute best decision ever to be made. Didn't think I could love this channel more, but damnit, now I do!!!!
7:24 Actually according to Google the term corduroy was first used in the 18th century. It was actually just a new way of describing cotton fabric in English to make it sound more french and fancy  (it roughly translate into "the king's rope") It probably was different from what we call corduroy today but at least it is not completely wrong to use it here I guess
I love this series already!
Yay!! So happy to have you back and getting the recognition you deserve <3
The color grading is wacked on this
Oh how I've missed you Sohla - you're amazing!
I absolutely LOVE Sohla! So glad she is getting the respect she deserves!
She's so much bubbly here I love it
Sohla you’re adorable! I def only subscribed cuz of you!
SOOOOOOOOOHLAAAA 😭😭😭👐😭😭👐👐👐👐👏👏 Im so happy to see you doing well and making content.
LOVE SOHLA
I enjoy how awkward Sohla is
Honestly 2 episodes in i htink this is my favorite series on the channel no offense babish
So obviously NOBODY has used that fire pit before ! 😂😂
Make the egg chutney chilly sandwich from red dwarf.   Series 2 Episode 3   Suggestion by Niko & Aisling
DID HE SAY THE WHEEL HAD COVID HAHA NOOO
You will forever be binging with babish to me though
Make sure to add the nutmeg.
This is amazing .
You've changed man..
it's 1:45am and i'm now going to the kitchen to make mac & cheese.
When you sub just so you can see sohla again!!
she can do no wrong
This makes me so happy. So happy for both of you. Mega proud. Screw CNE!!
Man I love how the commercial was of binging with banish I didn't even notice until I was like..."where's the mac and cheese" lmao
I dont know who this Sohla person is.  But I love her, I can't wait to see more of her
Congratulations Sohla.
hell yes. hellss yessss
MOMMMMMMMMMM!! I'm excited for Stump Sohla!
Hi Sohla! You need to go over to @Townsends and watch his 18th century cooking videos. Fun video. Love the direction you went with it.
Awwwwwww this is so sweet 🥺💗
YAYYYYY
This is so fun to watch!! She looks like she's having fun.. Even though something exploding, having problems starting a fire, heavy cookery, and etc.. She looks like she's sincerely having fun and it reflects on the screen.. Hahaha.. Looking forward to more videos with Solah
Can we just talk about the blue suit and the two whisks in the pocket. Love it!
I'd be happy it if Brad Leone became the next BA refugee to join the BCU (Babish Culinary Universe).
Sohla is back that is awesome
She's so fun to watch cook! Definitely will be looking out for more Sohla!
this is fun! I normally don't write comments, but I've been told that the algo overlords use comments (along with watch time retention) to know what videos to promote (HINT HINT EVERYONE). Wishing all the best for Babish and Sohla! love the premise
Water plus concrete plus fire equals explosion
More please.
subscribed for Sohla haha but totally a Babish fan now too!
You did a great and meaningful thing here. You should be proud of yourself sir.
You have not heard of Kässpätzle before? That's like Southern Gernany's national dish
It is pronounced Sh p ae tz le :)
did anyone else see the thumbnail and expect this to be a james townsends video
I have been following you for a while now. I even got your cookbook as a birthday gift. As a fan, I enjoy this new series. It's so fun and Sohla's ingenuity (the Bodega episode) is so cool.
She sounds so much like Jaiden Animations
I literally was like, "oh god, how long did this take?" when I saw the title.  "It only took five hours!"  yep. yep. sounds about right, hahaha
Why not just "babish"
I've never watch Bingeing with Babish, but I will follow Sohla anywhere.
You’d want to wet your cutting instrument every so often when you make that sort of noodle. Preferably with cold water, to prevent sticking. I mean, you knew to wet the board, why not wet the cutter as well?
It's that moment when your Pokémon evolves, keep the great work you are doing mate
Yay! So happy to see more of Sohla!
we should have a binging with babish x townsend collaboration
Is Sohla single? Question of the day for every "single" person watching, and some in relationships, we don't judge.
Sohla is so amazing and now i get to see her with Babish also!
Omg, Babish and Sohla! Happiness explosion!
technical difficulties were worth watching more than once. I was laughing SO loud.  Major respect to Bab. I'm wishing you all the success Sohla!
Why am I even watching this? I don’t even like or do cooking
Barilla 1877 Kraft 1923
The channel Townsend already did a video on this, I was hoping there would be a collaboration, that’s a great channel dedicated to historic cooking I definitely recommend checking it out
sohla you need special rocks to make fire
SOHLA!!!!!! Ditch that bon appetite
So cool! loved it!
5 years!! Omg I’m sorry but I just discovered Babish like 2 months ago. Where the heck have I been all this time🧐 😆
I WANT HIM IN THE BCU!
bring BRAD LEONE!!!!
Let me gather my kindling. Sohla, you're the shit!
Love you, Sohla, and glad to see you back on YT.   I suspect my M&C recipe is closest to the original - it consists of macaroni (which WAS a thing back then, Thomas Jefferson served it in the White House), cheese, light cream and salt & pepper..... Amazingly delicious, and fast as lightning to make.   No bechamel, etc, because the French  "mother sauces" were not really a big thing until later, the 19th century with Antonin Careme. If you want to fancy my recipe up, add 2-3 oz of Greek yogurt to add a bit of tang, with a pinch or two of cayenne powder, a spare pinch of garlic and onion powder, and a pinch of thyme and you have gourmet M&C.
I'm so upset that I missed this last week.  Congrats to both you and Sohla!  This concept is ridiculous but it is adorable and looks like you're having fun.
sohla i missed you ;--;
Sohla would’ve been rich in the 1700s
Wait, real Spätzle on an US channel? And they are genuine Käsespätzle on a chopping board? My german heart just melted like the cheese. Pro tipp, put some fried onions on it.
Yup! I just subbed. Anybody who supports an unapologetically melinated woman in 2020 I’m here for 😌✊🏽
Love Sohla! <3
I WANNA SEE MORE STUMP SOHLA, 2 EPISODES NOT ENOUGH!!
no one tell sohla about those tiny kitchen cooking videos. :D
You need some Jas Townsend & Sons to join the BCU and help Sohla!
that looks so good, i want
SOHLA IS SUCH A (CH)EFFIN QUEEN, THIS IS THE BEST THING EVERRRRRRR
This is the beautiful edutaining content I've been waiting for. Congrats Andrew and congrats Sohla. This seems like a perfect new direction for both of you.
I was hoping Townsend was going to join up with this
And so the Babish Cinematic Universe Begins
"They just ate all the cheese they wanted and died" 😂😂
I LOVE SOHLA, THANK YOU <3
He looks like Ryan Reynolds bro this is a new level of mild sexual attraction. Not gay but for I’d be gay for Ryan Reynolds
Nice, some Good Käsespätzle 😇😅
suprisingly 18c was not that unadvanced they had stoves and everything this is more 12c than 18c
"Make it sad" boy if that aint my style of cooking right there
(Not so) classic swabian Käsespätzle...
I like it but it’s like a normal cooking show now, and it doesn’t have your person touch to it. It’s more of manufactured video than a home edited one... just feels empty
OMG YES! Sohla is one of my absolute favorite chefs to watch!! This will be a show to binge watch for sure!!
Welcome to the family Sohla
This was fun. I'm looking forward to more.
If you do 18th century next time you have to invite Mr Townsend. <3
Tv host Babish is everything
She’s so cute
That`s what I call an initiation by fire.... TUDUM TISS
shes boring, fire her., NEXT
The only thing that excites me is food. Sometimes money, but even then it's how much food can I buy with this money?
Can there be a collab with Townsends and babish/sohla
HOW DARE YOU CHANGE THE NAME
!!!!!!
Shit, goddamn dis a good show
this a hit
sohla: *shows off her sick tats* me: i,,,,,, i am looking respectfully,,,,,, ,
sohla has the cutest fuckin personality ever. she reminds me of chloe from we bare bears ;A;
In this episode, both chefs removed their glasses.
From myself and others that were craving more Sohla from BA, I just want to say congrats on the new show! This is fantastic!
You should make the meal from Coraline
SOHLAAAAAAAA we love her
People just ate all the cheese and then they died 😂
Hell. Yeah. Sohla!!!!
THANKS FOR HIRING SOHLA!
this was so nice. fuck BA lmao. i do miss brad tho i hope he wasn't complicit :(
YAY I love this, I'm so happy Sohla is here!
:)
This is some pure wholesome content. 10/10 will watch again
this was delightful but now I'm craving spaetzle
I have learned that the tone of my comments often appears angry when I'm only intending to be sardonic, so I want to assure you that the following is said with no real ill intention: I don't know who she is, though I welcome her, but I don't really care for the in-show advertisements or the 'game show' atmosphere.  I don't really like Basics or any of the other stuff - I just like the old-style videos about true-to-form and perfect versions of film food.  I have become a lot less likely to click on a Babish video because they so often are not what I'm interested in anymore.  I realize that a lot of people are just stuck on the personality now, but I'm not really a 'cult of personality' kind of person.  I just want to say that I prefer for 'Babish' to stay true to its roots.  If it does, I'll be more likely to watch.  And I appreciate that the original host is trying to capitalize on his current fame and make as much money as possible before his popularity runs out, but this strategy is just making the clock run out faster.  What kind of world do you want to live in - one where neat movie food videos come out every week for YEARS, or one where we see the same guy making ads three times a week for maybe a year or so?  I don't know; why does everything have to be monetized and ruined...
SOHLAAA!!!!
I'm so happy this exists. Sohla and Claire were my only reasons to watch BA lmao.
YEAH SOHLA GET IT BB
I feel like Carrie and Fred should have shown up at some point in this episode and sang a song about Portland.
2:33
Spaetzle is not 18th century mac and cheese. Really surprised she did "research" and came to that conclusion.
half of this video is sohla figuring out how to work the fire
I love Sohla this was a big W
The Townsends channel actually has a recipe for mac and cheese from 1784. This just feels like pure guesswork with no research.
Seeing Sohla thrive on this channel really underscores just how poorly Condé Nast was treating her. So glad to see her here and you gained a new subscriber for it :)
Macaroni in a pot, that’s some 💧
Amazing
hopefully she gets better as the series progresses, some of these scenes were just hard to watch as they were  poorly written and executed.... that whole thing with the flint, why?
So did Babish aka Babie as Brad says still Sohla from BA???
I love Sohla! I am so happy to see her moving past BA
SOHLA IS MY FAVORITEEEEEEEEE
Why is no one talking about Sohla cooking in tiny fires with walnut shells when she was little?!? How is this not the most telling and also adorable image of little Sohla?
the corny transitions at the beginning are so good
Babish is a fan boy. You can tell how excited he is to work with her!
B U B B L A G E
SO when does Townsend 18 century cooking join the BCU???
This is incredible! I could not be happier, congrats dude! I'm so excited for what is to come!!!
I don't know about the 18th century, but i do know that the last Empress of Russia's favourite food was pasta and cheese. (Service, Robert 2017. The Last of the Tsars: Nicholas II and the Russian Revolution. Pegasus Books.)
You folks are making me nervous standing so close together!  Masks, people! (Or maybe you're in a bubble together, but ouch, it's uncomfortable to watch.)
She is getting the floor time she deserves
Just when I thought I couldn’t love him more 😍🤩💯🙌🏾🔥✨
Am I the only one who just realized Sohla had tattoos!?!
This was great, aside from the Trump campaign ad.
Is this channel going to turn into bon appetit?
Please induct Brad Leone into the BCU! He would be a good addition with his specialties in fermentation (and catfish noodling). I need brad back in my life.
YAYAYAYAYAY THIS IS SO EXCITING! I always felt an undertone of toxicity in the test kitchen, I'm so glad I get to see my two fav youtube foodies teaming up!!!!  Best case scenario if you ask me :D
Oh. My. Gosh!  You know, they DID have macaroni and cheese in the 1700s. In fact, Thomas Jefferson was a huge fan.
So excited for this!!!!
Hit subscribe so hard for Sohla
This is the perfect Sohla show, *Subscribe*.   I too intend to eat all the cheese I want and then die
Cheese Spaetzles, still a southern germany stable :)
MAKE MISSISSIPPI QUEEN FROM REGULAR SHOW IT MIGHT BE COOL  B)
I am more vested in knowing when are you going to show us the multiverse
Did not expect to be craving 18th century mac and cheese after this video
Sohlas laugh is so wholesome. I love it
Fun fact Denim came into use in the western world around the end of the 16 hundreds. Though it didn't become very popular until the 1850s in america with Levi Strauss' Invention of riveted pocket blue jeans. And as a person who does reenacting of the 18th century watching all the mistakes with little things, like making a fire, makes me hurt inside. but I applaud her effort.
it is soooo nice for sohla’s skills to be showcased here. this series is so so perfect for her!!!!! love
This is the second video I’ve ever watched with Sohla in it and she is the light of my life.
Hey can you do the coconut pie from Icarly
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died"  wise words to live by.
*IM MAKING MAC AND CHEESE AND NOBODY CAN STOP ME*
Was the firewood wet?
I LOVE SOHLA OMGGGGGG
Can confirm Mac & Cheese was made in the 18th century. Thomas Jefferson loved it from when he was in France, but the other founding fathers found it gross.....
OMG this made me so happy! I never realized how sweet and endearing Sohla is without the pressure BA put on her when they just co-oped her into videos. I knew she was brilliant, but I didn’t realize how personable she was
Congratulations, Sohla!
I just realized that the wheel ticker is just a rubber spatula
Wanted to see a Townsend collab...
18th century isn't medieval :p :'D
This is fantastic. Except for that 17th century music you chose to go with it...
Andrew, you've seen Townsends...You forgot the NUTMEG.
Loving the new series.
No seasoning?
PLEASEE I NEED TO KNOW WHERE YOUR GLASSES ARE FROM AND WHAT THEY ARE CALLED
It's 2020! Nobody shoots loglaw anymore.
Nice Käsespätzle. It certainly falls into this category although it is a modern German (Schwäbisch) dish in it’s own right. I might have opted for Älplermagrone instead. It‘s essentially the Swiss version of Mac and cheese with a rustic pasta, bacon, alpine cheese, and the traditional way is served with a big dollop of apple sauce right on top (the cheese is not in a sauce but more of just melted on for stretch). All things considered, though I think this seemed pretty accurate (not that I’m an expert). You used your head and came up with a recipe that is actually a traditional food that would’ve been era appropriate.
LOVE IT!
I’m so happy for sohla :’)
Yay Sohla! 🧡💛💙
the wheel has covid? topical
Sohla is a perfect and welcome addition
Sohla! Start by calling the Spirit of Fire.
That's Dora the explorer.
“People just elated all the cheese they wanted and died” and I live by that.
Now you just need to get Alan Silvestri or Henry Jackson to score your BCU. This is awesome.
A fire pit that can't handle a fire? 🤔 someone needs to get there money back.
Why would anyone ever thumbs this down I demand to know the reasons why. The only reason I could think of is that the people who thumbs down are racist.
This is so amazing.
wtf happened
Sohla: I wanted to get overalls but they didnt have denim until later Cameraman: Did they have cordurouy? Sohla: No  lololololololololololololololol
WE LOVE SOHLA YEEEESSS
I didn’t know this channel. Saw Sohla, they gave her a show: subscribed in seconds.
"this is not as bad i thought it would be" girl let that open ur mind to the wonders of cooking on fire! theres no reason it would be bad u can cook any meal old styley and it will always be delicious ! especially from the smoke the fire imparts on everything <3
sohla is an angel but the rural headfuck i felt when she said shes never built a fire before..............bless her heart she did so good. weird firepit anyway, not sure why one would be made with heat-explosive concrete!!!
This is great. I laughed and learned so much.
Käsespätzle!
I am so happy i finally decided to watch this much postponed vid.
I can't wait to see more of her. She is so fun to watch
My lower back hurt watching her leaning over the fire pit the whole time, what a trooper!
Me at 0:01: *Feels out of place*  Me by 1:15: “Oh my god this is literal perfection”
This was brilliant
Love seeing you Sohla!
The cooking on this occasion is not practical, not much appealing, neither informative nor fun.
People didn’t get heart attacks back then.
Sohla is the BEST!!!
18th century, the 1700s. Baroque and classical music....... WHY I HEAR MEDIEVAL MUSIC!!
Not that is matters I guess but you can buy fire bricks so that doesn't happen. Concrete traps water as it hardens and when it heats it can explode. Same reason you should never build a fire with rock above your head.
Oh, so happy to see Sohla again!!
I love that Babish adopted Sohla 🥺
We love Sohla!
Damn babish gonna snatch all the bon appetite cast
Yeeeeessssss! She is sooo awesome!
Finally !! sohla is getting the respect and platform she deserves,, so incredibly talented can't wait to see more of this show
The virgin Bon Appetit vs the chad Babish
Oh wow I really want to try that Mac and Cheese :O
Subscribing now for Sohla. Good work ALL around everyone!  BA who?
i like sohla in here better there was something off about her on ba
This is AWESOME
In Germany we still eat and love cheese spätzle!
This was so much fun to watch.
Help how do you like this video 1000 times
I love that you guys are working together!!! This makes me happy 🙂
This is exactly what 2020 needed! Thank you for bringing some joy into this ridiculous year! <3
I love Sohla!
No more individuality.
i feel like they intended to go for an earlier century........ 18th century had a lot of cooking technology already
Yei Sohla!!!
What flour did shre use to make the spaetzle
I just found this and I’m so happy to be able to watch sohla, it always irritated me that Claire had to ask her for help doing everything and even for ideas! I love Claire but at that point let sohla shine bc she’s obviously the more skilled and knowledgeable one
I'm glad I'm not the only one that does mac and weenies
Please continue to acquire the old BA staff. I love this so much.
Nice
Nope! Not watching for spin the wheel, please keep it the way its always been, just cook, be clever, be entertaining. Ill watch wheel of fortune or the price is right is I need a wheel
Lol, love that she started off with flint rocks. Already that was harder than most survival challenges.
Sohla and Bake Off are truly the emotional support content that I needed during these quarantine times.
im glad to see sohla again
Ini sangat membuat hatiku gembira, thanks kawan semuanya bagus kreatif dan sangat indah sekali... :)
It makes me deeply sad that we may not see everyone’s favourite fermenter Brad “Labrador” Leone and sohla together again, BA really screwed up when it come to their work with sohla and how much they screwed her over, so glad she is prospering now and is being respected for her knowledge and skills
Walnuts and explosions, oh my!
Thomas Jefferson's favorite
Sohla is a national treasure.
Been a big Babish fan for a while now, and I have also loved Sohla since seeing her on Bon Appetit. I'm delighted she landed here and this show is rad. Welcome to BCU, Sohla! Thanks for inspiring us all!
I’m loving every aspect of this!
"People Just ate all the cheese they want and then they died." History brought to you by Sohla.
Kaespaetzle are still a thing, e.g. in Swabia in Germany: Spaetzle and tons of cheese, some fried onions on top...heaven. (Lots of others probably mentioned this already.)
Now all we need is Brad to come to the BCU
should have looked at Townsends youtube channel as he does 18th century mac and cheese
It's insane to see how talented Sohla is and how little her talent was showcased at BA
Good to see Sohla online again.
WAIT YOUR NAME ISN'T EVEN BABISH?! 🤣😭🤣 I feel deceived 🤣🤣
My two fav people!
Oooooo! Huh?! Huh???! ...you don’t care
Sohla is so inspiring and genuinely is one of my top 5 people ever in the history of... people. Every time I watch her cook it makes me so excited to cook something that I haven’t cooked before or am afraid to cook. She is so creative and has such quick thinking and seems so adaptive and peppy and her personality is addicting! I love her and I hope she is happy and healthy during these dark days of fiasco the world is in. With love from the PNW -Kara
I love Sohla! She’s so much fun
Sohla we missed you!!!! ❤️🌈❤️
Kasespaetzle! My favorite is from Cafe Katja in NYC. They make it with carmelized onions and Black Forest bacon!
Are you guys gonna guest-star in Townsends next?
In Germany we  actually still eat Spätzle with Cheese ;)
Sohla is the most precious thing on the internet. 😂
Omg!!!!!
she's so fuckin funny
Sohla on this channel makes me so happy. His team just knows how to highlight her talent and culinary knowledge so well. The spotlight she deserves 👏🏼👏🏼
I will always refer to u as binging with babish
good bubblage sohla
how did no one tell me sohla was here!?
Fabulous!
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died” lmaoooo
This man is legitimately so wholesome.  He changed his name at the risk of losing years of branding, just to do something good and genuinely entertaining.  Really excited to see this channel keep growing and evolving.
“I haven’t done this before but I’ve seen it online”  same Sohla
Lose her get brad!
I feel like Sohla would win any form of election using the phrase, "I stumped the fire pit", as her slogan.
I apologize for how long it took me to comment but I am SO excited to see Sohla here.  I feel like suggesting teaming up with 18th century cooking and Sohla was heard!  :P (though I meant the Townsends channel, but still, I super enjoyed this!)
we dont deserve Sohla
Sohla is a national treasure. Smart of y’all to scoop her up!
omg goat cheese mac and cheese
Good Work Sohla!  Where's Brad?
Candle of the Gentry.. Which in 18century was around 6-20 shillings (est. £31-£45 in 2020)  add Taxes in The American Colonies (everything goes to the kingdom) be around 20-30 Shillings or trade equivalent! (i'm Guessing Someone Please correct that),,,, Lets just say She used in 2020 Dollers a $100  Candle
Some of y'all are just... it was the 1700s, not the stone age. I mean... many rural people maybe wouldn't have access to super fine-ground flour grinder and stuff, but like, it did exist. A variety of pastas already existed, too, and were even being imported and all that stuff. Towsends has a video on 18th century pasta thats really cool. And hearths were a thing, and cast iron stoves were greatly increasing in popularity, so it's not like an open fire pit is the only option. Also some people are saying in the comments that "cheese would be hard to come by". Anyone remotely rural would've had at least one family ungulate for milking and cheese making, and commerce in urban setting would def make it available (more so than many things due to the fact that it's very nature mean it is preserved). This doesn't mean it would be cheap, but it would likely be at least accessible. Not to say Sohla was wrong in any of her choices (love her!), but IDK I feel i'm just picking up on a general misconception from some.
No offense to Babish but I don't want to subscribe to the universe.   I do want to subscribe to Stump Sohla.  You should make this its own channel.
An 18th century cooking video and not a SINGLE mention of James Townsend? OR NUTMEG?!
So glad Sohla is on the team now I always loved seeing her on BA and I always thought they should've give her way more airtime excited to see more of her on here
YES
Sohla is the Best!!!! My 8-year-old son saw her hot dog tacos video and said "Boom! Mom, she just blew my mind". We even made a version of her idea- kielbasa tacos - for his birthday. Thanks
Ooh baby I love my cheese!~ Lets see if we can get Big Mountain or Peter Frampton to cover this for Sohla.
Why use an EasyBake oven when you can use walnut shells in a fire hole?   JK we love you Sohla
Nutmeg. There would've been nutmeg.
I'm here for Sohla ❤❤❤
No way....... LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO <3<3<3
I need a shirt "they ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" 🤣
This was magical.
Everything is better with Bach!
This is the best thing
Not gonna lie the spaetzel from a distance look like boiled anchovies.
Sohla!
Why did this make me cry I LOVE Sohla and honestly I don’t even like cooking shows that much 🥺 I’m glad she’s finally getting what she deserves... it goes to show, karma is real ❤️ and people always get the cards they’re dealt
I am absolutely loving this! She is so incredibly talented and great in front of the camera.
I need to know what Tasting History with Max Miller thinks of this!!
Refractory cement is a good thing.
Can you fix the volume on your videos. The ad prior to this video was completely fine at half volume...but your video is significantly lower.
So happy and even proud of you for bringing her in after you know what happened.
Can anyone explain to me why did the concrete exploded at the bottom there?
Sohla honestly is a angle sent to us to make the days better
I really hope Babs takes on the whole BA crew. This was awesome. Sohla seemed to really be in her element and seems to be really appreciated at the new BCU
I'm assuming you kidnapped her to save her from that garbage Bon Appetite
No not rocks baby flint
I'm so happy to see Sohla again.
Holy shit its been 5 years
I'm just here to tell you ppl that Thomas Jefferson had an obsession with Mac and cheese so they indeed had Mac and cheese in the 18th century
the vibes of this video are immaculate. two of the most chill people on the internet, with cheese. 10/10.
Yesss!! I love Sohla!!! Great move
Love Sohla!  So glad you found a home on BCU!
So happy to see the channel expand to new things, and what a great first episode!
I love Sohla's creativity so much! I've subscribed for Stump Sohla❤️
so good to see sohla again, she is shining!! 😍❤️
Townsend's? Townsends!
18th century...  Renaissance Fayre pan flutes...   Sorry guys, this aint it.
Never seen any of Sohla's stuff before but she just has so much personality that this show is already so distinct and perfect and it's own little thing. Really happy and think this is a great addition to the channel!
Can we have some sources for the historical research? This kind of stuff is my jam. I'd be really interested to see if Sohla used Townsends or The Victorian Way videos. They've both made mac and cheese from slightly different eras.
Definitely grab priya, but let's not rush to bring on the white BA staff.
3:17 It was 18th century mac and cheese not stone age mac and cheese
I LOVE KÄSESPÄTZLE
Sohla is a joy ❤❤❤
WE WANT MORE SOHLAAAAA WOOH
YEEESSSS i was so worried that Sohla wouldn't make videos anymore this is amazing
Sohla, you're so talented! Keep it up!
I love this
Do a shot whenever sohla says 18th century.. Already on 6th now..
Needs nutmeg.
this is so good
So much fucking YES!
Watch YouTube channel Townsend They do a lot of 18th century cooking.
"That's it guys, we did it! So easy! Why get the stuff out of the box?!" LMAO 🤣
He turns into Alton brown w the suit on (10/10)
I love your channel and LOVE that you have included Sohla! So proud of her choice to leave Bon Appétit!
So, Sohla made Käsespätzle
This is how you do it right!!! I’m so excited to see what amazing things Sohla will bring/do!!!!
Sohla! Im so excited to see you! Now go get the rest of the gang from Bon Apetit!
The BCU is what we need rn 🥰
I love this video! It was so much fun to watch!
Thomas Jefferson is quaking right now
Sick video, atrocious rendition of Vivaldi tho
I'm so obsessed with this new series.
Where did the cheese come from???  You gotta do that whole curds and whey thing!!  But yeah, well done, Sohla.  So glad to see you back
Babish is like "I'm adopting Sohla now" to BA lol
Makes mac and cheese true to 18th century... Wears an apple watch throughout
I’m soooo glad to see Sohla!! Also, today I learned (from Sohla) that 18th century peoples died from eating all the cheese.
Shoulda called my boy Townsends for 18th century cooking tips.
Sohla is a treasure.
i started watching BA for claire but ended up with a deep admiration for sohla and i'm so happy she gets to shine with the BCU because she is so talented
This is amazing! Sohla is always so fun to watch. This should be it’s own series! Making modern meals in historical time period (spin the wheel for the meal and the time period)
I've missed seeing Sohla so much!!! This is wonderful news!!!
So excited Sohla is part of your channel now!
I’m a need Sohla to be a little less cute cuz she’s breaking my heart ♥️
Sohla i 💜 u
“People ate all the cheese they wanted until they died” 🤣🤣🤣
18th century forks are not for your mouth as they are very pointy. The spoon or the knife was what you took to your mouth
Excellent job Sola. Very entertaining and informative as always.
Honestly love this channel and how much you dedicate yourself Babish. Can’t wait for more of this in the future; glad to see you continuously succeeding.
Been a Babish fan for years, Sohla is the perfect addition to the show. Your chemistry together and the amazing food really takes the edge off a long day of work. Much love for you both <3
Hopefully things will be better with you! You look like you have great synergy with Sohla, can't wait to see more.
Her outfit and hair give me Akane Tendo vibes.
Why did he bite his little mini pitchfork like that😬😬😬 ouch
Is it just me or is there something wrong with the audio?
Did I miss when she made her own Gruyere?
Yay Sohla!
Sohla!!
Sohla is effin' rad.
The Sohla clap is life.
Where’d the sausages go tho
Ah, city kids. Fire bricks, people!
Nice Käsespätzle recipe
Sohla is such a treasure 💕
a lil stretch, a lil goo, a lil curd
How can too people who look so cool be in the same room? There should some kinda limit. You guys are awesome
It scared me how fast Andrew went at that pointy dangerous fork
Eats all the cheese I like....then my trousers die...
Please challenge sohla to make walnut sized food!!
Roses are red Violets are blue  Diese Kommentarsektion ist jetzt deutsches Staatseigentum!
Did your contractors use fire block for the pit? It would definitely help the exploding concrete part not happen.
LOVE
Also, did I hear correctly? Sohla is the OG Tiny Kitchen!!!!
Sohla's sigh at 2:11 ✨✨✨
she reminds me of drew barrymoore! something in her face. so lovely!
I am so glad that Sohla will be able to shine even more now. She is a rockstar. Best of luck to everyone on the BCU!
Am I the only one who thinks that Sohla has the energy of plain toast?
More historic recipes, please. That'd be awesome
Reminds me The Victorian Way from English Heritage, nice😊ooh, mrs Crocombe, where are thou? 😔
absolutely love this duo, was a little skeptical when i first saw you were bringing someone else in but im pleasantly surprised
Sohla is one of my most favorite. I’m so happy to see her cook again. 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Loveeeee!!!!! Love love LOVE! 😍
Love this, she's a keeper!
i bet andrew even pays her
Those bricks look more like run of the mill poured concrete landscaping blocks, you may need to rebuild the whole thing or bricks will continue to explode. You need to make sure that they’re fire rated or kiln dried at very least when building a pit.
Spätzle without eggs???
Talk about powerful women 🙌 so glad to see Sohla back on YouTube. Thank you for everything you've done, congrats on your new moves, and good luck to the future 🌟
We are so happy, now please employ Claire Saffitz, Gaby Melian, Molly Baz, Carla Lalli Music, Rick Martinez, Priya Krishna, and Amiel Stanek, and Brad Leone
This is quality content
I already love it. Sohla has me grinning because she is so skilled. If I tried this, it would've been a fiery cheesy mess!
I thought Jefferson made it, but maybe that is a myth
YAAAAAAASSSSS
Ahh she came alive in this video! I hope BA sees her thriving!
This is what i need to fill the void in my soul after the Bon Appétit fiasco...  2020 NEEDS this!  Babish is amazing alone, but with Queen Sohla here this is next level! 🔥🔥🔥
WHEN I TELL YOU I SHRIEKED WHEN I SAW SHE WAS ON YOUR CHANNEL!! I am so proud of both of you
Sohla should have ask Brad Leone for tips for the fire, feels like something he might know how to do
Unsubbed to BA, Subbed to BCU. 😁
Ok so is she just making Käsespätzle?
Wait, there's more?
It’s Spä(/ae)tzle, not Spätzel and we still eat it pretty much like that here in Germany. Most people buy Spätzle but some still make them at home. You just cook them, put cheese on top, add another layer of pasta and then cheese again. That’s it...
Congrats Andrew! Congrats Sohla!!
Wait what happened to the hot dogs/sausage?
I am HERE for Sohla. I love her! And watching her cook with the tri-pod thing over the open fire took me back to my trip to Hungry and that makes me so happy.
Welcome Sohla!! New face for me but this is clearly not your first go. Definitely hunting down your work once I'm done with the episode!
The people who dislike this did it on accident
Didn't know who Sohla was,  but it took just one episode and I love her personality
Having already been a subscriber.... I wish I could subscribe again. Sohla is so wonderful.
Why do I watch these things while Im hungry?!
2:49 is it me or that chord sounds EXACTLY like C418 - Sweden?
As much as I like Sohla, this episode should've been a crossover with Townsends.
“They just ate all the cheese and then died” and now I have a death plan.
Can we have Sohla and Babish as npcs with questlines in the next TES?
Does no one else notice how she looks like an Oompa Loompa
I've been a casual fan but since Sohla will be here , I'm finally subscribing 😍
I like how everyone just collectively fell in love with sohla
What a brilliant show! I just want more and more!!!
A step further could have been making her own cheese (as it probably wasn’t easily accessible in the 18th century)
I don't like her.
HAvent seen that rig since the bear stew...that fangled thing still works
just take all of BA's good staff and laugh at them
Thank you for giving us the Solha content we needed!!!
I personally can not wait for the astronaut food episode
Not gonna lie, gonna miss the name "Binging with Babish" :'c
I'm gonna miss seeing binging with babish
sohla joining babish is like the only good thing that has come out of 2020
Poor Sohla, I hope things get easier for her. That looked like such a pita to make.
The fire pit exploding slo-mo is what made this video for me.
My eyes just focus on Sohla's arms and DAMN shes BUFF!! Good on you Sohla!!
Love Sohla!  So happy to find her new show!
Ye yumminess is most proper.
is there a Babish Culinary Multiverse?
BCU? Babish culinary universe?? now that is a POWER MOVE. You know he’s about to wreck all the cooking shows on YouTube
Tommy J, owner of people and plagiarizer of John Locke and Thomas Hobbes, was said to have brought mac and cheese to the American table. And awkward conversations when it dawned on all of the ladies at his fancy dinner parties that the house slaves at Monticello all had Tommy's red hair and freckles.
Wth is “make it sad” on the wheel xD
Jon Townshend is screaming "ADD NUTMEG!!!!!!!!"
Bro I’m loving this new version of the channel so far!
watching this made me realize how much BA dampened sohlas personality, she’s so funny and adorable but on BA she just seemed shy.
Did you know that if you say "I don't know how to build a fire" in front of a firepit three times you summon Jas. Townsend from Townsend and Sons
yessssss <3
There is a Vinnish feel to this. Is there a Vinny in here?
Me when I first saw Sohla on this channel: D: Who is this strange lady?! 5 minutes later: :D
We Stan Sohla! 😍
This series looks very promising. But... how can you have never started a fire before? There are people who've never made a fire?? Seriously?  Is that how people in warm climates live?
Condé Nast and Bon Appétit really fucked it up with this amazing and talented chef.
We made ours by shoving the batter through a colander directly into boiling water for 2ish minutes.  (Previously cooked at a german restaurant).  Don't forget the nutmeg!
"People ate all the cheese they wanted, and then they died.."     This is probably the best culinary quote of all time....
she reminds me of a scary oompa loompa...
you came through again you BHF!!!  I love you bro, especially when you take the piss out of Chef John.  Stay golden Ponyboy!!!
WE LOVE SOHLA!!!!
Quite glad that I was subbed before I knew this new channel existed. I also feel like there needs to be more Bon Appetit characters added
I lost it when she quietly goes “I think I’m gonna use a LOT of cheese”
The wheel has covid?!
This lit
Sohla and Babish: The best thing going for food since ... food!
I hope y'all are paying her what she deserves now...
This is BIG WHISK ENERGY   Exquisite.
Babish: touts Sohla’s considerable knowledge and expertise Me, a Sohla stan: is Babish eligible for marriage?!
Stream Sohla’s videos on this channel help her get the views she deserves I miss you for a while sohla 🥺🥺🥺🥺
Her brainstorming was cute!!
Awesome! Please grab up all the BA video folks, We miss them so much! <3
How did youtube not let me know this exists.
Game show with Dora?!? Damn, Andrew lucky as hell     No hate, it's just a joke. Had to clarify for all of the❄
I'm sad that I won't see sohla interact with Brad and Chris anymore, but I love to see her in a place where she is valued, appreciated and challenged. I have never followed this channel, but now I have to.
So happy to see Sohla again.
CONGRATS SOHLA ON GETTING THE RECOGNITION YOU DESERVE!!! I’m sooo happy for you guys!! 👏🏽👏🏽♥️
...also whoever gave this a thumbs down can kick rocks
Lord farquaad
I am so happy to see Sohla ❤❤❤
Okay, concrete explodes in direct heat, good to know.
You should do the episode again with Townsend's!! This is a great episode but a follow-up with him would be awsome
Macaroni and cheese is so much older than you'd ever expect, there's a recipe that's somewhat like it called Macrows from the 14th century.
SOHLA!!!!! I've missed you terribly!!!! thank you Babish; you definitely have a new sub if only for Sohla atm!
Anything Sohla and her amazing knowledge is a thumbs up for me
I love Sohla so much! Glad she was able to find another platform to showcase her talents.
Townsend (channel) has a 1784 mac and cheese receipt, and other foods. For a challenge take a look lol   And for that fire pit try some sand or fire stones at the bottom to keep the concrete from exploding.
Y’all didn’t have to flex this hard but I’m grateful that you did.
Love, love, love this!!!
"People ate all the cheese they want and then died " Not a bad way to go.
I got a babish ad... Weird.
I love you sohla!!
Sohla is correct, I don’t think too many people in the 18th century actually light their fires daily! People would keep hearth fires going 24/7 because the household fire was also the heating and the source of any hot water. And if it did go out you could pop over to your neighbour’s to light a candle!
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted and died.” Like people filming collabs without masks and/or social distancing amidst a pandemic?
This is AMAZING, awesome Sohla
Lmao James Townsend could school yinz in 18th century mac and cheese
Who are the 4.4k who didn’t like this?! Sohla is amazing and I’m so happy to see her thriving and showing off how much knowledge and skill she has. So glad this show exists!
According to the Smithsonian, the earliest known mac and cheese recipe is from 1769.
I LOVE THIS!  Thank you so much for your inclusion . 💖
Someone's probably commented this but allegedly Thomas Jefferson invented Mac & Cheese during the 18th century.
y'all need to put some respec on the mac's name
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" ..,,,..,,...,,,,,,.........,,,,,,,,,.. I do that now lmao
SOHLA!!!!!
Is that an unseasoned cast iron camp oven?
Forgive me in advance, but... Macaroni in pot, thats a WAP.
1:05 gave me sitting in science class and watching Bill Nye vibes—I loved it
I want sohla mercy and want her to have a cut.
John Townsends would like to know your location:
Mehhh no thanks, binging with babish didn’t need a changed. Unsubscribe!
I hope Claire and Brad get on here too!
"People just ate all the cheese that they wanted and then they died." Is this still an option?
SOHLA YOU ARE AWESOME 👏🏼 I STAN
She's like the Drew Barrymore of Cooking. 😍
Sohla: "Did the even have Mac and cheese in the 18th century?"  *Mrs. Crocombe would like to know your location*
Jortz
Ive never had the inclination to view Babish's channel until I saw my queen's smile again amid a horrendous pandemic of racism and downfall of a corporation.
she is so likable! very funny in a subtle way...
aw i was kind of expecting jas townsend and sons
it's not 18th century if you don't use nutmeg!
Me thinking that the 18:th century means the 1800:s because I'm from Sweden and it makes sense shut up!: Well, fair enough. Me realizing that the 18:th century means the 1700:s because English-speaking time is stupid: Waiiit... Is that even possible???!!!??!!!!?
Okay she's amazing, can't wait for more!
WE LOVE TO SEE IT 😍😍
Sick bro, thats such an epic gamer move. 🤝
so cheesey!!!!!!!! welcome sohla :)
mans really yeeted BA
I love Sohla so much T___T
I love Sohla more than anything in the world. But I swear if you put out one more Mac and Cheese episode, this channel is getting shut down.
Sohla was one of my favorites on Bon Appetite.  I'm SO HAPPY she landed in a better place and can really be the star she is.
"How do we lie?.." A phrase to live by
WTF why was I unsubed. Better fix that
Sohla reminds me of Anton Chigurh. Is it just me? It is? Right, I'll see myself out.  Jokes aside - she's an amazing cook and a great addition to BCU!
Like Like Like!!!  Sohla we missed you!
Sohla made teeny tiny food in walnut shells🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
sohla is such a city girl <LOL> but a top notch chef
Spätzle - "Shpetslu".
is it just me or does sohla talk like greta gerwig
YESSSSSS Sohla deserves all the good things. <3
Yay, please get all the bon appetit crew I miss them all so much
see i love how old mac and cheese is. if you guys ever watch the channel English heritage they have a series where they make a recipe while playing a cook from that time period. and when they made macaroni and cheese they mention that even then it was considered an old recipe. mac and cheese has history.
You can't just take binging with banish away from us like that
Good stuff, ❤️but I think I will continue to defer to townsend and son's for 18th century cooking. 😜
"People just ate as much cheese as they wanted and then died"  MY LIFE STORY 🤷‍♀️
queen sohla
"The Wheel has COVID? Topical." Just when I thought I was done laughing; amazing new show Sohla and Andrew!
Love this new series. It's interesting
No Townsend and Sons?
I already loVe Sohla, Shes so creative and pretty 🥺💞💞
Someone get Townsends out here to collab with Sohla and Babish on more 18th century stuff. This was awesome
I love Andrew's work! Great recipes, great teacher, great guests. I have noticed something about him: he looks a lot like Seth MacFarlane! If you Wooly Willy his beard to his head, you're got Seth. I must see them both in the same room now! Plus, that would be fun anyway. 😁
i love it
Pssh city ppl dont know about wet concrete exploding from traped steam
I also eat cheese like there's no tomorrow, I love this
Bring claire and you will be the king
This was so delightful! I knew Sohla would make a great show host! Glad to see she can really shine here
"There might be hotdogs in there" :D yay
I'd prefer less "bon apetit" style and more unique style.
I low-key wish he chose someone else from B.A. solha was just not my favorite. Her presence is just annoying. Brad and other made it funny and very interesting through The Whole video
So glad Sohla is in our lives again. She is amazing and must watch. BA must be hiring a bunch of underpaid people to dislike the video, otherwise who would have a problem with an awesome host providing free content on a great channel???
I am learning more culinary insights by Sohla then my culinary school.
This series is excellent
THIS IS AMAZING
Townsends has entered the chat.
Do happy to see Solah getting what she deserves. The moment my good sis drops a homewares or kitchen tools line I’m copping it.
Sohla is a treasure!  So happy to see her with her own show!!
'people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died' ICONIC
I’ve never been super into your channel, but this changed everything
Yeeeeey excited for the new stuff! Welcome to the Babish Family 🖤
Man I love where the channel is going, Sohla is so wholesome:D  And the general direction of where babish is taking the channel, man, that growth is gonna be something. Wherever this goes, I'll be watching along with everyone else:D!
nice
I'm so happy thank you Babish for supporting such positive human. I missed seeing her
GO SOHLA
Her tattoos are freaking awesome!
This is what the world needed <3  Sohla: "What's not to like?" needs to be a sticker or a shirt
Is that not the living grown up version of the girl from BOB's Burgers TV Show
I luuuvvv sohla so much ❤❤❤❤❤
Honestly, I made my first bechamel over a campfire...in cast iron. I had no idea I was making bechamel...it was the beginnings of biscuits and gravy. But it's really cool to call it bechamel.
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted. Then they died." Could be the solution for 2020.
Babish and Sohla? A new age of culinary has arrived. 💖✨🍳🍔🍱
Pls no more Sohla.
Sohla deserved her own show after carrying Bon Appétit on her back for so long
Sohla is such a delight I love her
Bet banish won’t do the whole food wars series no balls...
Nobody: Sohla: "oooh baby I love the cheese"  Need on shirt stat.
Great addition to the Babish team! Welcome Sohla!
Do you all know when the 18th century was?
I ate Spätzli for lunch today. I'm such a hipster.
This made me so happy! 😁
I'm here for Sohla! <3
Ya know... at first I wasn't so sure about Sohla... but I gotta say. She most certainly does a damn impressive amount of research. And... she's honestly quite entertaining. I look very much more forward to more Sohla!
YES SOLHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thank u babby
glad to see that sohlas still a tough critic 😂
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died” glad to be carrying on the legacy of my ancestors
Your growth is amazing and I'm glad to be an early fan of the channel. I can't wait to keep watching and seeing Sohla happy, you're both amazing and I'm so glad for you both, for you all.
I like babish better! She ugly but good voice.
You will kick tasty ass
OMG YES
So excited to see Sohla back on the youtubes and like also that mac and cheese looks so good this seems like a awesome show idea for her skill sets!
Loving Sohla glad to see you in your own element
ill miss the alliteration in binging with babish but this is nice as well
Stump Sohla is the best foodie thing on youtube right now thank you for this!
Thomas Jefferson famously made Mac and Cheese.  they did have stoves back then, Ben Franklin  invented it in teh 1740s
Love that he got her. She is an awesome addition.
Can we get Brad on here. Him and babish had u real chemistry
Yes! I love this.
Who is your favorite character from the BUC universe?  I'm a fan of Captain Babish, but Super Sohla is working her way up to number one.
Townsends collab???
Sohla is fantastic on camera I love her!
So excited to see what else Sohla has to offer bacause I bet she has a lot more
SOHLA I LOVE YOUUU
Is sohla being paid 🤔
Pay Sohla, okay? Give her what she deserves.
I cant be the only one who finds Sohla kinda annoying...
Yay Sohla! I'm glad she's back & being appreciated...& I assume, paid! Now, what about the rest of our Bon Apetit faves?!
this chick ruined bon appetit
Get better angles, cameraman.. or get some multi cameras.. the scenes have much more potential to dig with b-rolls and whatnot..  Good job 👍🏼
I fear for Sohla's lower back this episode
No one gonna talk about how they used skyrim font for that lil info box?  Praise🙏🏻
Sohla I missed you and your talent ❤️
Babish, the way you talk really reminds me of Alton Brown. Just the inflection and pauses on your voice as you talk :). Also, it took 3 months for the newest Bon Appetit vids to reach 3M, and Sohla's first two vids at her new home have already hit 2M and 1.5M in 2-4 days ..... So happy for her and I hope she enjoys her new home.
The wheel has gotta be rigged, just looking at options like Astronaut Foof
Actually denim was invented long before the 18th century, they even had denim corsets then...😂😂😂😂
You have saved 2020
New show: Amazing, New Host: Fantastic, New Channel name: A little cringy
He's sponsored by his own commercials. THAT'S impressive
LOVED IT
im like 70% sure i got an ad for some alcohol and babish was doing the voiceover for it..... super weird
No nutmeg? It's not authentic 18th century cooking!
so good to see sohla's immense skills and talents appreciated!! so glad for sohla and the babbish fam xx
Omg this is the best thing to happen all 2020
Thank you for doing this. I've subscribed instead of just letting YouTube suggest them.  You are awesome. And so is Sohla. 👍
YES! I APPROVE of everything happening here. Babs, I’ve followed you since forever and Solah... you are STILL and forever WILL be my spirit animal... my opinion matters the most 🤣
“They ate all the cheese they wanted then they died” This is the dream
Here for both of you! Super happy that this is happening. Good luck!!
I love Sohla 😍😍 However I think they went a little too far back. In the 18th century they did have kitchens and refined food, this looks blind of middle agey
I subbed from BA after it was revealed they were assholes. Couldn’t stand Claire either - she has the charisma of a spoon. Shola absolutely killed it and so glad she’s been given a chance a bigger platform! Check out those sweet views!!
aw i miss binging with babish
She's awesome!!
Mac and cheese was made in 1769
My opinion absolutely does not matter and I really do love sohla she fucking rocks but I'm a little concerned that this is you jumping the shark babish. I like your videos bc they aren't trying to be something else, they're just you calmly making food and it's not about awkwardly scripted skits and challenges and weird shit. I feel like that's not what your subscribers are really here for. I support you man, I'm just not super happy with the direction this channel is going in. I do love sohla and you tho, so I hope it works out.
Referring to Townsends and Mrs crocombe could have made this easier for sohla
I've watched a lot of Redlettermedia, but this by far is the weirdest episode ever...
Sohla: "I don't know, this might not be be good. I'll look at some books and figure this out."  Also Sohla: "I've not done research on building a fire, but this is how."  Lemme also borrow from the eternal flame
This is the kind of content that makes Babish fun. And who doesn’t love sohla!
I watched a full ad in support....now I wanna buy that gin. See this why I don't watch ads
sohla bringing in them views
I am so excited for this! I've missed Sohla :)
i love everything about this video!!! i’m so happy to be able to watch sohla on a good platform
SOHLAAAA!!! Oh I missed her so much I could cry right now
Anyone who disliked this video is the worst. This is THE BEST content. Sohla is my foodie hero.
Yo damn, I didn't see this coming. But it really REALLY is WELCOMING. Welcome, Sohla💯💯🎉♥️
SOHLA WE MISSED YOU!!!
Love seeing Sohla having the opportunity to do something other than being the person they ask for help with Indian cuisine. Well rounded and accomplished chef who deserves her opportunity to shine
If you're cracking concrete due to heat in your firepit, your bottom grate needs to have more of a standoff, or you need to not use normal concrete. Regular concrete will absorb water and that doesn't work well with fire. Lay down fire bricks or have your wood burning higher up.
I am so excited to see Sohla again!!!!
i am so glad the Sohla is doing this with you, it is so refreshing to see her shine!
ah yes the 18th  century known for death by oding on cheese
Sohla! I'm so glad to see you in a better, healthier environment. Girl, I'd follow you off a cliff. You just keep on doing your cooking goddess thing where ever you are happy. Honestly I'd watch a channel of you just eating sandwiches. But not in a creepy way. I swear. Really.
Dude she better go back to the chocolate factory
Does anyone else see an Oompa Loompa making Mac and cheese! No disrespect!
The utter TALENT and SKILL! Queen Sohla has returned!!!
Is anyone going to talk about the fact that the fire pit could not handle having a fire in it without exploding?
I do wonder what would BDG think about the jorts Babish was wearing. Did he bought the jeans pre-jorted? Was it jorted at the right time? Did he bleed on the jeans?  DID HE BLEED ON THE JEANS?
Almost thought this was a Townsends cooking video at first
“Why get the stuff from the box?!” 😂
2:1 cheese to pasta? It should taste good.
Also this was so funny. I loved it.
And just like that you earned my Patreon sub.
This feels so freaking real. It feels like it's just 2 people that love cooking  and are being 100% themselves while cooking. I'm glad she left that other place where they mistreat minorities.
"People just ate all cheese they wanted and then died"
I genuinely would like her hand in marriage
loveee it
I'm making fuckin' 18th century Mac and cheese and nobody can stop me!
People just ate a bunch of cheese and then they died lmao
Sohla: “Did they have mac and cheese in the 18th century?” Thomas Jefferson has entered the chat.
Sohla is SO GOOD. You love to see it
BCU is not a good name.
I love Sohla and this whole danm thing but the historical innacuracies hurt me so much :(
Fun fact! There is evidence that Thomas Jefferson, during his presidency (which admittedly started in 1801) served Mac' and Cheese to dinner guests. He had a macaroni crank imported from Napoli, and made (or more likely had made for him) a dish with macaroni, Parmesan cheese, bourbon, and onions (maybe) in a pie shell.  His macaroni recipe did indeed include eggs (but he was rich so he could afford stuff like that).
I have always enjoyed your videos, the format, how you present them. Glad to see you are moving into other ideas now. Keep up the old ways also though..
Oh, and now I am dreaming of Lady Sohla and Lord Babish visiting the Nutmeg Tavern.
You know, this sorta proves that terrible things can lead to wonderful things. What Bon Appetit did was terrible, but now so many people are being introduced to Sohla, and it allows her to really show off her personality and her skill without it needing to be 'bounced' off of other personalities.
the chaos in this video is everything... i love it
"People just ate all the cheese that they wanted to eat and then they died." - Lady Sohla.
SOHLAAAAAAA
Bruh, look at Babish with those stylish jean shorts
Words cannot describe my excitement for this!!! Sohla is such a delight ❤️
So excited to see Sohla on this channel! She's so amazing and it's great to see you two team up
From the moment Sohla become a personality on BA I've adored her, and I'm so stoked she's creating more content, especially with Andrew!
Wait, wait, wait, is this Sohla from Bon Appetit? It is!!!! I knew she looked familiar.
Sohla is so pretty! And mad strong to be doing all that 😂 You go girl!
Hell yeah!! Glad to see Sohla back on YouTube.
I literally just watched this three times while playing Among Us.  So good.  Glad to see Babish creating a culinary empire.  Happy to help. He deserves it.
Getting hungry just watching . The old ways were the best ways.
Sohla throwing those gloves on the couch gave me a spike of serotonin
Adored Sohla on BA, so glad she's finally getting some of the recognition her genius deserves! One suggestion-I would love to see more of the research process for these historically accurate/inspired recipes! But this is really great! I'm OBSESSED with the bodega challenge episode she did as well!
Suscribing for my girl Sohla! So excited to see her expertise and lovely personality again and im sure, this time, with the pay and respect she deserves!
outstanding content
Not gonna lie, I really want to try it! So glad to see Sohla!
This is Sohla laughing her ass off in front or BA headquarters with a sign saying “you wish you’d given me my due” written in tempered chocolate.
this is kinda like gourmet makes with less whining and more fun. I love Claire and her resourcefulness but that show stresses me out as well.
This makes me SO HAPPY!!!
WE LOVE SOHLA
So funny!! I feel awful that I didn’t know Sohla was this funny!!! I knew she was funny but this is really good🤣🤣
I got a Babish commercial on a Babish video! So much Babish!
YESSSS!!! subscribed for Sohlaaaaa!!!!! omygosh so awesome!!!
Amazing!!
Holy trinity: Babish + Sohla + Brad? (+ Claire??)
If only she had brad to help her build the fire, now that would make an already great video amazing. Can’t express how exciting it is to see Sohla x Babish.
pluses: we get to see Sohla actually get paid, funny shots minuses: we had to see babish in jorts...
Yesss the flavor!!!
this would be great without the tasty jumpcut editing
Townsends crossover?
“ People just ate all the cheese they want to died”  How I want to go honestly
If anyone else wants more of this content, James Tpwnsend and Sons made a historicaly accurate 1700s macaroni and cheese
Thank you Andrew! Sohla is the best. Not only is she good at what she does, she has a wonderful personality for doing things like this. Please keep it up!!
This was so much fun to watch, and I'm so excited for the rest of the episodes!! I saw some really crazy concepts on the wheel that I'm looking forward to, but historical cooking is such a fun concept on its own too! So happy that Sohla finally gets her own show that shows how charismatic a host she is and how creative she gets with solving problems!! I'm here supporting Sohla instead of bon appetit, and I can't wait to see the rest of her career (and the bcu) unfold!
Would love to see the research part too.
good to see you again Sohla, looks yummy
IM FUCKING LIVING FOR THIS
Oh my GOD, the hard cut to a costume change *killed* me.  I am dead and commenting from beyond the veil.
You're a freakin' genius A!  Welcome Sohla...can't wait to watch your eyes when you get tickled!
Make Benson’s chilli from regular show. The one with the chicken wings in it.
Not “oooooo baby I love your cheese” 😂
We stan Babe-ish and Sohla. ❤️
I love seeing Sohla and Babish!  Only thing I'm having a hard time with is the audio, feels like I'm watching it on the commute even though I'm watching this at home. might take some time getting used to so I'm kinda stuck relying on captions but rock on you two!!
I love Sohla!  *tries to make a fire* "How do we lie?"  Thats hilarious! Also the girl scout in me is cracking up and the camp counselor in me wants to help.
Gotta love the fire pit that cant take fire. The walls have metal but the bottom doesnt?
SOHLA I AM LITERALLY CRYING I AM SO HAPPY FOR YOU THIS IS MY FAV COOKING CHANNEL AND I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU GUYS ARE JOINING FORCES!!!
That "you dont care" took me by surprise :) Sohla is awesome
I liked binging with babish more
I love babish, love the content but man I fucking hate Sola
Sohla is LIFE! So excited for this partnership!
Super team!!!
I hope she has success here cause she just committed career suicide. She is evidently throwing all the co workers under the bus now. Christ.
Yep I am here for it, kinda thought it would happen the first time she had an episode here
take a shot every time sohla says spaetzle differently
You should do a collab with tasting history.
I don't like change.. Go back to binging with babish
FUCK YEAHHHH lol i missed Sohla so much 🥳🥳
one of the few things that made me laugh this quarantine so happy for both of u!!! can´t wait to see what comes out of this !!!!
the editing is immaculate and sohla's energy is simply amazing!!!! looking forward to this segment and to the bcu ❤️❤️❤️
I love the energy! Welcome Sohla!
everyone from BA should just come to this channel
Title: 18th century mac & cheese... Me: THOMAS JEFFERSON MAC & CHEESE??!
Love this!! the fakery at the beginning was cringe but I am a new fan of Sohla!!!
I know there are many other options on the wheel, but I would love to watch a whole separate series of Sohla cooking things like they did in the 18th century.   Congrats on the channel update! Excited to see what's next.
If Sohla becomes a permanent part of the BCU I WILL cry
Babish!  Please fix the sound.
not gonna lie i thought this was a townsend video based on the thumbnail
Awe I loved this
Millions watching someone accidentally making Käsespätzle, nice :-)
Loved this! Great work! 👌🏻
Watch out Townsends,  English Heritage and Tasting History..there is a new kid on the You Tube old school cooking block!
this woman is the awesome
I've only heard it once, but I remember hearing a story that British soldiers broke into the empty house of the mayor of Buffalo in the War of 1812 and ate his macaroni and cheese.  With the addition of this "reenactment" of how the cooks made the mac, I guess it makes sense as to why they did it.
I've had this in my watch later folder since it came out bc I've been so busy but I've been so excited to watch it! Sohla is so loveable, she's such a great addition to the Babish Universe!
Noooooooo we should have a petition if we should change the name back
This man is stealing everybody who is next
My nigga Babish making some power moves
where did y’all get those cheese curds from? they look delicious
Fantastic new show! And especially funny as a South-German where Spätzle are super common and I learned how to do them as a young kid.
Ok, I freaking love this.
So glad to see Sohla get a chance to shine without being taken advantage of. BA was my favorite until I read how their talent was treated. Congrats on both of you finding success.
youre telling me theres adults who havent ever started a fire?
I love this! I'm looking forward to more episodes & getting to know Sohla♡♡♡
they had ovens...and matches... and yes, even cows milk
I LOVE Sohla, i'm so glad we can still watch her cook
These challenges suck.  Just have her cook normal food.
Good content. You should consider having Sohla use a narrator voiceover instead of straight talking to the camera. I feel like that style fits more with the format of what I expect from your channel.
sohla: did they have mac and cheese in the 18th century?  german käsespätzle: am i a joke to you?
Bcu damn Babish a universe now that’s crazy !!!!!
Sorry, I’ve been gone from the cooking side of YouTube for a while; is Sohla no longer with BA?
The "Vinny touch" is coming through :)
Making tiny food should be the next episode!
Brilliant!
Booblaige
This woman has the riveting personality of a single. uncooked macaroni noodle.
I’m so happy for the BCU’s growth & Sohla finding a place where she’s valued and treated with decency! 💖
love this new show!!
Spin the wheel of Sohlacality. Also eating as much cheese as you want until death? Is that not what we already do?
That haircut is atrocious. Looking like coconut head
After what happened with BA, I'm happy as fuck to see you pick her up. Based Babish. We're here for Sohla <3
So like the text kitchen?
Thank you Babish!
soohhhlaaaa <3
Dora the explorer
Dude you’re wearing purple, I’m so not ready for this 2020
YES so excited for this partnership!!
So basically just Käsespätzle
Wow!! Sohla, I am so proud of you! I love this so much. omg.
watched a townsends cooking video before this - nice channel development, looked sohla up and dayum she flexin, especially in the next episode
That was actually great Spätzle, the dough was a bit on the thick side for shaving them. You want it just barely too thick to flow off the board, then use a knife to shave off the spätzle with quick up and down motions. With a bit of practice you can probably shave that amount of spätzle in one go without needing to skim the ones that are ready. The way I know Käsespätzle is without the bechamel, the pasta fried with the cheese in a pan so both the pasta and cheese get some crispy bits. But the goopy mess is A) more mac&cheese and B) probably more like how it would be made historically.
sohla looks like jimin from AOA or is it just me
That being said, does anyone know what Gaby's up to?
Sohla is a treasure.
Been here since Binging with Babish
I am SO excited for this! I love Sohla so much and I'm glad she will regularly be in my YouTube feed
So now the BCu grows soon to outpace where the evil channel we dont speak ofwas.
Käsespätzle in Germany or Kasnocken in Austria are actually still really common and made without bechamel just with butter, onion and cheese. It may actually really be the origin of mac & cheese 😊🧀
Welcome Sohla!!!
yesssssss we all love Sohla!!
What kind of shirt is he wearing in this?
I love cheese Spätzle. My mom makes it all the time. I you haven't tried it, try it. Add basil for extra flavour.
Sohla was easily the most creative over at BA, its amazing to see her getting to bring that over to BCU and finally be as happy and appreciated as she deserves. Go Sohla!
I see Sohla, I click LIKE and SUBSCRIBE!!!  This was awesome and I love a person who believes in cheese overload. 🤗🤗🤗
Watch Babby become the new BA.
Babish: Iron Man Sohla: Spider-Man Townsends: Captain America  Who else? Help me out, people.
This feels right.
Love Sohla! Congrats
I always liked Sohla, but never saw much of her on Bon Appetite. She's really shining in this show. Also, I think it's cool that Babish and his team are offering their production skills to other talented cooks. Smart.
sohla: "i think im gonna use a lot of cheese" me: yeah to make it delicious :D sohla: "because back then they died young" me: >:0
im crying over how happy i am for this. yall im so excited
The stickler in the corner says ... that cheese looks like it was grated using a modern device ... regardless - love this concept - can't wait to see more of these
That was great! looking forward to more episodes!
i missed sohla :(
me, struggling: "NOBODY HELP ME!!!"
This is the Sohla show we wanted and deserve.    This is awesome.
Sohla!!!💖💖💖 I am in Heaven right now! Thank you Andrew, Sohla, and crew!!
When you are doing the stone method to light a fire, wear eye protection.  The fragments are sharp and could potentially cause permanent damage.   By the way, I use to make arrow heads for fun so I know how obsedian acts when struck.
I am so glad Sohla found a home that will appreciate her and her talents! She looks happy!
She has a 18th century cannon for an arm goddamn
whoever designed the wheel, great work <3
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died."  That's how I wanna go honestly
Finally.. some actual talent on this channel, jk I love you babish. Congrats on the partnership, I hope Sohla becomes a staple in the Babish Culinary Universe, she is a truly talented chef, and by far the most creative out of the BA staff. Can't wait to see more talent in the BCU.
Love the new name man, keep on the great Videos!
*Intro audio is low*
Oh man... couldn't be happier with this change :)  Well done Babish :)
well that's a way to change the game. excited.
Smart move, Andrew =) I'll be tuning in for all of it! Congrats Sohla, I'm excited to see more of you on this platform =)
I really like Sohla, I really dislike her haircut...a lot.  Don't worry, I'll breathe deeply and power through.
Still calling you binging with babish XD
ITS SPATZLE not Spaetzel
Sohla is just amazing!
YES!
So glad you got Sohla!!!
They did in fact have macaroni in the 18th century.
Yeah, don't put rocks or concrete directly in fire. It tends to explode lol
Hold up. What the heck would "ice cream Mac and cheese" be? 🤢
I don't want to bring up controversy, but I feel like this is partly a result from the whole Test Kitchen debacle. However, I'm completely for it. I always loved Babish of course, and I love how he always used the success to do some good. This type of expansion into having new people (well Sohla isn't necessarily new, but you get the point) to the "Babish Platform" is just absolutely fantastic. Ya love to see it! :)
I kinda expect Townsends to show up
Sohla: "People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died."  Me: **Hits like button**
This partnership is what the culinary arts needed
I was high key hoping Townsends was going to make an appearance too! Babish make sure they come back next time the wheel lands on 18th century.
you two, and everyone else involved, should be very proud of yourselves, excellent work!
SOHLA!
3:56 giving me The Milkmaid vibes
Never skipping an ad again on this channel. Thanks for bringing Sohla along!!!
sohla is so cool I love her
This is basically Bob Ross version of cooking
I want that mac and cheeeeeeeeeeese!!
Watch out Babbish, she’s gunna cancel you
i just subscribed ONLY for more sohla content
Adopt Brad too.
It is amazing to see Sohla back.
I don’t think the village idiot was allowed to make food in the 1800s
Yay, subscribed for Sohla!
Not one of the ways she said Spätzle was correct. But yeah, its good.
why is she making spaetzle with milk? normally you just do it with water/carbonate  water
"18th century Mac & Cheese": Makes Käsespätzle instead :D As a German I approve!
SOHLA 😍
I am so here for this!
Didn't they have stoves in the 18th century? Why is she cookin outside 🤣🤣  I love you Sohla!
How is she so god damn adorable and an awesome commentator at that?  I loved this.  No YouTube channel?
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH. YOU BOTH DESERVE THE BESTTT
Word to the wise, it's spelled spätzle or spaetzle, not spaetzel 😉this was an absolute treat to watch!
SOH in LAoce with Sohla
Goodbye Bon Appetit. Hello BCU!
Dora really fell off
No I don’t like this feels like your selling yourself out to yourself :( start a new channel or it
sohla the queen you are and will always be
This is a dream come true
On one of your next few episodes of binging With Babish you should do biscuits & Gravy
so glad sohla has a new home on youtube 💞💞
People just ate a lot of cheese and died Time to time travel. I am going to my kinda people.
Potluck? Binging with Babish but with actual people binging
ITS NOT EVEN THE NORMAL BABISH FILMING STYE NOT EVEN ANY VOICE OVER THIS IS DOGSHIT IM DEVASTATED RN BABISH
Sohla you can do anything! I miss BA but it’s nice to see you be your own person 🥺
NO SOHLA ONLY BABISH
Sohla definitely doesn't know what the 18th century was like
I am 900000% interested in Sohla being on Babish forever !
2:10 when your sibling annoy you but you still love their annoying az
I love Babish. I’m so proud of how far he has come in 5 years! It’s amazing and his family must be so happy for him. Congratulations Babish!!!
This is a cool idea, but man Babish is not charismatic enough to pull off the announcer character. He's always the less interesting person when he features someone else
go sohla!!!
Didn't see this coming but I'm here for  it
Oh my god, this is the first time watching her. She's amazing!!! Good job BCU! Now to see what bon Appétit did..
Sohla looks so happy, you both make a great duo! I'm really glad she has a place to shine with all her knowledge, amazing work everyone ♥ ♥
Honestly the best thing 2020 has brought us...
I love this
Sohla: So, the concrete exploded. 😄  Me: I... I don't think that's supposed to happen... 😧😧😧
I'm so looking forward to the video where she has to make something sad.
Babish went into the kitchen with brad, Came out with Sohla and the whole BA audience
sorry one of the worst "Babish" episodes, ever made, and disappointed in the concept and idea. If i wanted to watch a silly competition show i would, but this is not worth watching and i feel sorry for this whole concept.  Please stop.
Love this and love the tiny whisks in the suit! Welcome Sohla!
I bet that pin wheel cost more than you thought.
she sounds like Jen from ladylike
SOHLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA im crying i was worried she'd vanish off youtube im GLAD to see two of my fave cooks on one channel now
There WAS macaroni in the 18th century, one early American fanatic was that moron Thomas Jefferson. By the 1790s he had his own personal macaroni pasta machine imported from Europe that moved along with his estates, and his personal 18th c recipe is available on Monticello's website. The pasta was made with eggs, flour, water, and salt, then cut and hand rolled, very close to Sohla's technique! He liked serving it to guests at Monticello and while he was president.  I adore this and love seeing Sohla finally appreciated for her skill, but if you're going to have a segment of the wheel devoted to 18th C style cooking, I beg that you consult a food historian. So many old recipes are absolutely buck wild and fun to try figuring out from the archives!  [I interned at Monticello for multiple years. I hate Jefferson.]
I am weak
Townsends mac & cheese look em up
I love this woman so much
I love this and will buy whatever junk y'all get to sponsor this. I will put my money where my mouth is.
It's been 5 YEARS!!!! I was 14!!!! Good galuzah!
I was waiting for James Townsend with the nutmeg
Please put together a stump sohla recipe book when you've done enough episodes
The music playing when sohla is getting the fire started is from the wrong period. That is baroque music from the 16-1700s playing. And a hint of renaissance which is 1500s.
if thomas jefferson had a wifi connection he'd love this
Change Scares Me
"I don't know what I'm doing anymore... what a fun life huh?!"
There is one channel you could use for reference called Townsends you could use for ideas on 18th century cooking! I'm not advertising them, just an idea for y'all just incase!
Why you change your name
I got an ad for ranch, ft BWB. Neat.
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and they died"  Sounds like my kind of way to go out 8'D
Doing wayy too much
Yaaaaaaaasssss!!!
She looks like if Dora was in the cartels
Townsends pull up
Now hire Claire
Babish Culinary University
ITS WHAT SHE DESERVESSSSS!!! SO happy for you Sohla!
They just ate all the cheese they wanted, and then they died. Love it.
8:47, when I try to impress my parents with my sims build😅
This wholeheartedly rules. Welcome Sohla!
Man I love these two together ❤️
It’s great to see Sohla here. Treat her well!
Are you still going to be making binging and basics episodes in this new BCU?
When I first saw the thumbnail, I legitimately thought it was Babish with a fake wig and a fake tan.   I’m glad I was wrong.
This has big Alton Brown energy
_“There’s a wheel?”_
BCU > MCU
waiting on townsend and sons to comment lol
Is no one going to talk about the rolled up plastic that looks like a dead body behind them as they enjoy Mac and cheese??
BALD! BALD! BALD! BALD! BALD!  MY EYES!!!!  Lol, obviously a joke.
Expanding his culinary universe to include Sohla was the best move. Phenomenal. Can't wait to watch more
Don't light a chimney starter on concreate; unless you want to launch burning brickets in a 30' diameter area.
The 2 prong fork.....
Yes, yes, yes...a million times yes!!! Bring us more Souls! I couldn't love this more.
BABISH. CULINARY. UNIVERSE? I WAS AWAY A WEEK, WHAT DID I MISS
Did I read that right? Is one of the wheel options just 'make it sad'?  Amazing. Fantastic. No notes.
it's so nice to see sohla it's not even funny
I'd say its less they ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and more they ate all the cheese they could afford to eat.
Yeahhh!! So how long do we have to wait to get all of the other BA stars on BWB?  BRING THEM ALL.
You should keep the text on screen for longer, its a bit hard to read that fast. Love this series so much already!!!
Stage one of the BA diaspora
should have watched Townsend
This show is incredibly endearing. I love everything about this. 10/10
So happy that’s sohlas joined! I can’t think of a better environment for her!
Babish: 18 century cooking time Townsends: get the musket boys
I love this! Sohla is amazing! But...... making cheese should have been a part of it. Bwhaaha!
Careful, you guys are gonna start a turf war with Townsends. Watch out for stray musket balls. :-)
How awesome is it that half the commercials have Babish in them? I need some Botanicals Gin!
Sohla you are such a talented artist !
Sola + Babish + Wheel = Brilliance!
Before this played I literally just seen a commercial of him with hidden valley ranch
i hate the new channel name
BA could NEVER 👏👏👏👏👏
Clearly episode 1...but great effort and tasty success! Huzzah!!!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" me realizing that I'll be dead before my 35th birthday: 👁️👄👁️
flint and steel kids...  ;)
I love sohla!!!!!
I just realized she was one of the people not paid by bon apetit! Damn
I don't know BCU, but seeing Sohla find a home makes me happy. Yes, I will now learn about BCU.
y’all are the dream team I didn’t know I needed or wanted. so happy to see y’all working together!!
This is amazing. Sohla is amazing. And I am so excited about this new collaboration!
I absolutely love Solhae!! She has so much knowledge about food and then goes buck wild   And is still adorable
I love this! 😝
no seasoning? surely there was seasoning in the 18th century 😔
Seriously, I wished Sohla had her own show and this was like the best monkey paw
In Stuttgart, I had a cheese spatzel with caramelized onions and it was the best "mac-n-cheese" I've ever had, EVER!
Sohla is such a JOY to have on the show! I was genuinely smiling the entire time and everything about this is just sending good vibes!!!!
Oh yes I am so glad Sohla is actually being appreciated and she gets to show off her skills
Came for Sohla,  subbed for Sohla.
This is everything I didn't know I needed
I'm so happy for you, Sohla!!!! I hope you enjoy working with Andrew!
Where do I apply so I can have a show called Sock's Snacks???
i love her hair
EVERYONE KNOW NOT TO PUT CONCRETE NEXT TO FIRE, THE WATER VAPOR TRAPPED INSIDE MAKES IT EXPLODE!!
The best part is I got a a hidden valley ranch ad by you before this video played lol
This just made me realize how much I missed Sohla content
me encantó esta sección. Muchas Gracias.
It makes me so happy to see Sohla have her own show, and being appreciated for all her greatness! She really deserves this😍
AHHHH VERY EXCITED CONGRATS EVERYONE
Robert Townshed does 18th century food
Somewhere townsend is laughing
Love this!
this could be easily over an hour, I just love Sohla's personality sm
Sohla! She's so sweet and such a good cook! Glad to see her again for her own segment!. Get your S'more on, girl, you earned it!
I'm loving the Sohla videos. Lady has skills.
Townsends Collab next?
Not really here for this "BSU" rebranding, bring back Binging With Babish!
i cannot express how happy i am that sohla is here and how badly i want to eat that MAC AND CHEESE
Capt, last time we see the open pit stove when?
This was so CHEESY.      ;P
“People ate all the cheese they could and died” Legend
Your Botanist add is the only add I won't skip :)
Looking forward to what the BCU has in store for you guys!  Glad Sohla landed somewhere she can be appreciated!
Can you try to make the Protein Blocks from Snowpiercer!!!
I would be 100% okay with Babish sweeping up every departed member of the BA Test Kitchen. Sohla is a great addition and I'm super excited for more episodes!
This made my day! I've missed watching her cooking genius
oooooh i like it here.  Sohla makes everything better to be honest. i'm glad she found a place where shes actually respected and appreciated
Spetzle and cheese? Heresy! except not! I live in Germany, in the Swabian (? schwäbisch in German) area and people here consider the area the origin of Spetzle or rather, Spätzle as they’re called here; and Käsespätzle or cheese spetzle are the way to go with those, and a widespread staple in central Europe, all around the alps really.  also fun fact: Spätzle in German is also an old fashioned cute term to refer to sparrows and was commonly used alongside Spatz (the actual term for sparrows) to lovingly refer to or address a young child also Spätzle is pronounced shpetz-le rather than spetzel   Thank you for the entertaining video; I will be looking forward to more attempts to “Stump Sohla”
I’m so happy for her!!!! She deserves a new and excepting platform for showcase her work on 💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗💗
this is what sohla deserves; im so excited!
I am SO SO SO EXCITED FOR THIS!!!!!!!
I dont like her ☹️
Looking forward to lots of Sohla content in the future.
YESSSSS, I LOVE THISS
I love the gameshow vibes and that powder blue suit, and even though i'm lactose intolerant I want to go to town on that mac and cheese and die immediately like a 18th century peasant
Awesome.  I'm impressed.
Why change I liked just binging with Babbish ?
Man.. it's been absolutely amazing watching both you and this channel grow. im happy for you, and excited to see the channel grow even more. Can't wait to see what else comes from this.
Why is nobody commenting on how Babish has several whisks in the breastpocket of his game-show host suit?
gotta love some cheese & mac
imagining lil sohla boiling rice and making cakes in walnut shells is bringing a tear to my eye. I love this woman.
"Life was short, so they ate a lot of cheese and then they died." 🤣🤣🤣
18th century cooking? *Townsends has entered the chat*
I enjoyed the Bourree
This looks absolutely delicious and I need it in my life
Sohla is very subdued even compared to Babby
So excited for Sohla to be a part of the BCU. She's so freaking smart!
I always make my Mac and Cheese with spelt maccaroni and Wiener sausages, I think it tastes best that way. Sometimes I put in a little broccoli, too.
Yes!!! So here for this
This is so enjoyable. sohla is adorable.  Bolling water on walnuts?? That's just too cute.
Is... bro that's the Skyrim font
I just wanna watch you lol
So happy for you, Sohla!
YES I LOVE SOHLA
It's Spätzle, not Spaetzel. 🍄
Fuck yes love u sohla
"18th century" **John Townsend has entered the chat**
He changed the name from BWB to BCU
I don't know what's going on with the Sohla videos but the sound is way way too soft. It's on both videos and I can barely hear Babish and the rest of the sound is all over the place.  I've listened on multiple devices too.
Months from now all the homies gonna remember the original name, binging with babish
Nobody:   Sohla doing a clean and jerk with cast iron cookware:  nnnuuuuugggghhh
I AM SO EXCITED FOR THIS!! Sohla deserves all the happiness in the world!
I looooovvvvveeee these two together!
Sohla. 😍 that's it. That's the comment.
The excitement I have right now is over 9000. I absolutely love Sohla♥️
I'm so down with the BCU!!! 🤗🤗🤗
Whenever I’m having a bad day, I’m coming back to this episode. Sohla is awesome and I love that she’s part of the BCU.
I loved you and the channel before but now we get Sohla too?! Yayyyyy
I'm soooo happy to see Solah thriving after that BS at the test kitchen ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
LOL. When I read the title, I thought this was a Townsends video.
Tiny whisk in his front breastpocket, I die
Every move Sohla makes is a power move and it is inspiring.
YES. So excited to have Sohla back in my life
Sohla what is Boob Lodge
you haven't lived an 18th century life without eating mac and cheese (and dying of the plague)
Sohla! ❤️ She deserves to be on a good channel.
@Townsends anyone?
Nice Bourée
What he is doing for her after BA played, i just love
Thomas Jefferson who...
Did anyone get a Babish Gin commercial before this?
Dude, this is awesome. I loved Sohla at BA but she wasnt on enough for reasons that came out recently, I'm so happy that we all get to see more of her!
Now I really wanna see Babish do a crossover with James Townsend.
SOOOOOOOOHLAAAAAAA YAAAAY I missed you gurl!
My respect for babish 📈
Get Brad Leon back on YouTube lol.
We LOVE Sohla!!!!
Sohla: “Did they have mac and cheese in the 18th century?”  Townsends: "Am I a joke to you?"
getting the Hidden Valley Ranch x Babish ad right before this video....... n i c e
You snagged Sohla? Time to subscribe! Love it!
This saddens me. I hate cooking shows like this. Its what drew me originally to his channel to begin with. Just simple and i dont have to watch and listen to all this reality show crap. I really hope this isn't what is to come from this channel without the original way he did his videos. I will give up the channel if this is what's to really come. Too bad.
Lovin this collab!!
throw dirt in the bottom of the pit to prevent cracking
so exciting!! love this idea babish.
YES!!!!!!! We love Sohla!!!
YES!!!!!!! We love Sohla!!!
bro i got a hidden valley babish ad before this video
Yay! Glad to see Sohla again and what a great channel to get a show on!!!! 😊
Such a great idea, absolutely love this!
I love this! Sohla is very knowledgeable and funny. A joy to watch! ☺️
SOHLAAAAAAAAAAA! ❤️🥺😭 that’s it ... that’s my post bye
I AM 100% HERE FOR THIS SHOW
Seriously, get you and Townsend's together! You guys would be great together.
I love this so much!! They’re a great duo.
The problem here is that there was no camera in the 18th   🤣
Seriously fucking awesome.
oh GoD. That was fun, and I know, I am not recreating this on an open fire. and still - funny. who saw all this coming together after the first 7 min? ;-D
Sohla is an absolute treasure! Thank you for the content.
Honestly this is a revolution in the culinary part of YouTube and I’m all for it
This felt like Li Ziqi bloopers
So so so happy to see Sohla on Babish! She’s a gem and deserves to be highlighted.
this is oddly cute
I see Sohla. I click
I see Sohla. I click
I'll still subscribe to tasting history don't worry
Sohla need her own channel
Topical
I wonder if Kelsey Grammar likes to cook?
Idk why I thought she would bake it
YAY! I'm so happy we get to see Sohla again! You're the best Babish!
But the ranch commercial still says binging with babish
so does this mean no more binging with babbish?
yes!!! sohla!!! get all the jobs girl!!! <3
Not a fan. Honestly, Tasting History has utterly spoiled me when it comes to historic dishes, and Townsends has this sort of historic niche covered as well.  I still say giver her time. She may find her stride... Just not this.
who designs a firepit that can't withstand fires?
Kept expecting Townsends to pop out and shout 'ADD NUTMEG!' the whole time. Great work! And welcome Sohla, and all of us others to the all-new, all-singing, all-dancing Babish Culinary Universe!
I'm here for Sohla.
Everything about this video was amazing 🥰 excited for more Stump Sohla
I like this series its adorable and informative and wholesome all at once
I heard Booblaj or whatever the word is and I fucking howled. Yes, im fucking five.
I thought sohla's going to churn her own butter and make her own cheese :)) That would have been interesting to watch and probably semi stump her..
This is a fantastic show concept for Sohla! She has so much culinary expertise.
I'm expecting to see Brad next
well done.
She's actually a wizard. That looks so good
soooooo incredibly pleased that we still get to see Sohla in all her glory and somewhere that I am sure she is getting what she deserve
Love the POLYWOOD chair! Fantastic company.
So glad to see Sohla again!
YAS! I AM IN LOVE. <3
Oh no I loved Binging with Babbish
Whoa, this is the best culinary video I have ever seen in my 40 years of life. Funny, beautiful and useful. Thank you!
Sohlas ingenuity and Andrews curiousity are a perfect match. Such a good combination you guys!
I hope Brad is next!
Sohla: Did they have mac and cheese in the 18th century? Me, a Hamiltrash: Yes, it's Jefferson's favorite.
I’m here for Sohla. She does it for me, I hope you will too- I could use some new obsessions in my life.
Thank you Babby
-stares in Mrs. Crocombe and the Townsends- but for real this is a great video and I'm so happy to see new people on the channel. May you continue to grow
SOHLAAAAAAA!!!!!! FIRE. ME. UP
Aww I love sohla!
I don't like the name. You don't need a serious name to show you are serious, we already know that.
*_Townsends has entered the chat_*
Something about that shot of her failing to light a fire with a flint while wearing an Apple watch makes me think. I don't know how fire works or how Apple watches work, but I appreciate them both.
All the Germans: KÄSESPÄTZLE
SOHLA MY LOVE!!!
SPÄTZLE! 😁
Yessss 😍😍😍 add the rest of BA group plzzzzz
Thomas Jefferson first brought Mac and Cheese Stateswide in the 18th Century. I think it'd be cool to see the type of Mac and Cheese he ate
Fall damage in Minecraft be like: 3:17
I'm realy happy with this
*Andrew picks up wheel* Me: I like this show already!
Has not built a fire before....ohhh the city life and still you can leave the city but some just...didn't.. Grew up camping all summer. Camping and Campfires=Life Go camping before its to late!!
holy crap bossss!!!!!!
Walnut shell baby Sohla has so much to look forward to! Welcome!
Please also start a versus series between you and sohla and maybe have subscribers be the panel of guest judges 👀 (post covid of course)
LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE Sohla! <3 I love that you have a space here to be able to show your shine to the world and make our day better. =]
If at all possible, any chance of getting it's Alive on this channel and Clare's gourmet makes too.
This is lovely
also i really want to make Spetzle- Spetlzlah- shpetza. I WANT TO MAKE THAT
"this isn't going to work... how do I lie" me doing any assignment for college
this is so chaotic i love it
Like the editor
As an Austrian... Kasspätzle (Cheese Spaetzle) are definitely a thing and they are deliiiiicious. Especially with fried onion on top.
EAT ALL THE CHEESE THEY WANT AND DIE 🤣
Doing a nice shout out to Townsends?
I wasn’t wearing my glasses and read banish as British 😂😂 like since when are they British 😂😂
Yooooo I love sohla!
"Banish Culinary Universe" Fantastic name, good stuff. "Stump Sohla" Awesome show! Sohla's great, glad to see her back to doing cooking stuff. Question: Any chance of more videos with Brad Leone, or is that out the window given the circumstances? Cuz Brad and Babby made some damn funny videos. Hell, Brad and Sohla made some damn funny videos! Get all 3 together, it'd be great!
The production value step up is a pleasant surprise
"Got my two stones."   Oh Sohla, that's flint knapping, you've gone hundreds of thousands of years too far!  Having a flint and steel kit: it's actually a really fun way to light a fire, and ironically, the windier it is, the easier.
Finally!! Sohla cooking videoooos!!! Moooore 💚💚💚
SOHLAAAAAAA I LOVE YOU
Yaas gurl let’s pay Sohla lots of money and give her lots of love
💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕💕
Complains how she was “treated” literally goes to here and does the same thing... just for someone else
Mac & cheese was first Made in 1769 holy shit
KÄSESPÄTZLE
SOOOOOHLAAAAAA
Ahhh im not crying ;-; im just sweating from my eyes. I love Sohla and I'm so happy to see her again and I hope everything is good by her.  This is so delightful. Ty
New favourite show.
OMG YASS more Sohla please bring it on SOHLA SOHLA woop!
Also the liquor 🍸 commercial was great
I will contribute to the thumbs down 👎🏻 sorry.
We need an album of Sohla singing food themed remixes
She basically made Käsespätzle :) nice
Congrats for this amazing upgrade! It's so grate to see all those new paths after all these years I watch your videos. I really love the energy and intelligence of Sohla, I always thougth she didn't have fair enought space at BA videos
i never watched bon apetite so this is my first time watching sohla but i love her omg
5:07 : "The fire is shooting at us!!" - Andy Bernard
Has anyone noticed how jacked she is?, shes rocking quite the guns goddam.
I love that I can watch Sohla create awesome dishes again! She is truly talented ❤
im not against anything but cmon the new name it just isnt comparable to binging with babish + it makes the ol' pizza peel outdated :(
Sohlas sigh after Andrew takes away the wheel actually had me in tears. 😂🖤 I’m glad you two were able to join together!
wasn't the 18th century was the 1700s
Oh my gosh this is wonderful. I hope Sohla is super happy!
Garbage garbage garbage... Miss old days
Excellent content
Looks like our national slovak dish bryndzové halušky
This is nice...i like it....now if we can get brad to be a part of the BCU
Totally here for this content. GO SOHLA! Also, crazy cool you made hacking and deconstructing 18th century mac and cheese look effortless.
18th century vibes but 17th century music
I am so so glad Sohla has found a show of her own where she gets to show off her on-the-spot cooking improv skills. I am curious to see where Gaby, Claire, Moly and the rest end up....especially Brad.
Today I learned that modern cooks tend not to make things with love and sweat but with machines.
In Germany/Austria, cheese spätzle is actually quite common. Just realised that this is the mac&cheese equivalent 😂
I love Sohla's energy <3 Also love where the chanell is going <3 This is gonna be awesome!
Fun fact they did have a form of mac and cheese in the 18th century it is in a cook book by  Elizabeth Raffald's in 1770, they also had ovens.
Can babish just adopt the whole bon appetite cast 🌚🌝
I hope they get another old style recipies mostly because it'd be cool to see some kinda team up with the people who do Townsends
Why is Dora the Explorer on Babish ?????
But now I cant pretend to be a german and say "Binging wiz ze Babisch!!!!"     Btw why isnt the microphone a tiny whisk?
Love Solha! She's Amazing - Super talented, and it's sad what happened earlier this year in BA kitchen...
Interesting, but binging with babish was interestingier
Wait, what happened to the sausage?
SOHLA YAAAAAAAS
I can't believe mac and cheese has just been Kässpätzle this whole time
ocurrd
SOHLAAAAAAA <3
No body wants that cry baby on this wonderful show. Pick someone else.
Congratulations Sohla! Great to see you back on YouTube.
"Käse Spätzle" or "Kasnocken" are a traditional Austrian dish. It's pretty much exactly what Sohla made except for the Béchamel.
I ❤️ Sohla 😘😍
Dont know who this person is but they are radiation of good vibes
Sohla seems so spontaneous in everythingshe does. It's a real rarity in these days. So nice to see you both doing a collab!
Imagine if slowly he re builds the BA test kitchen. Imagine. With the sumac.
BRING MOLLY BAZ
LOVE IT!!! Very entertaining 😊
I’m all for new shows on the channel, but the new name is gonna be a no from me.
Townsends and Sons/BCU Crossover?
I like the concept and she's really nice but the format of the video needs a bit more polishing and she's gotta come out of her shell a bit. Love it though!
The BCU will take over YouTube in the same way the MCU took over cinema. Long live the BCU!
This was an amazing episode! Absolutely love this new series.
Where is the German audience complaining about Spätzle being spelled spaetzel
Holy shit. Sohla
Sohla is such a trooper and has the sweetest expressions. just love her.
Happy to see sohla again! Congratulations! 💕💕💕
Its not that I don't support or condemn the direction where he's taken the channel, but I enjoyed watching his solo videos over this. The previous kitchen also had a better aesthetic. I hope future videos are more appealing.
I really love this new series, it’s very fun
Townsends bout to show up with a spice pouch and hitcha with some nutmeg and mace
Where's John Townsend when you need him.  He would have been able to savor the flavors and aromas of the 18th century.
I can't wait for the wheel to land on "Make it sad"
I can't express how happy I am that Sohla has found a new channel home.  Was so worried after all the other drama.  If anyone deserves to land on her feet it has to be SOHLA!!!
MY GIRL SOHLA YEEES
I don’t even know Sohla but she seems so sweet like your favorite aunt or something. I hope there will be more of her
Wait... why did you change your name...
I never comment. But seeing Sohla back on YouTube fills me with such joy! Keep it coming!
oh my god i want more sohla. loving the content!
So great to see Sohla!!!
If you are interested in a more authentic version you should visit "Townsend and son" here on YouTube. It's great cooking from that period with a very likable host. Edit: man I hadn't had "Käsespätzle" (spatzle with cheese) since I was a kid... I should do something about that.
Sohla: "They ate all the cheese and died." I LOVE Sohla!  Thank you Babish & congrats on making BCU!
I'm SOOOOO excited about this!!
Why did he change the name?? Binging with Babish sounded so much better. I miss the alliteration
Wonderful, looking forward to more episodes💕👍
This was delightful. Not often that I like big changes to things but this was very entertaining well done!
can i only subscribe to this series lmao
Almost unsubscribed thinking "wait a minute I don't remember subscribing to this channel"
YOOO THIS IS GONNA BE BON APPETITE WITHOUT THE CONTROVERSY YOOOOO
Taking the wheel away, what magic productions 😂, now want to bite into a block of cheese
YOOOO THIS IS GONNA BE BON APPETITE WITHOUT THE RACISM YOOOOOOOOOOOO
In this episode, Babish and Sohla summon John Townsend with the culinary dark arts.
why she treating the 1700s like its the middle ages? they had stoves then...
I think I have a crush on Sohla.
I LOVE HER
SOHLA ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I seriously loved this video!!! Congratulations Sohla, I know this is the beginning of something amazing for not only you but Babish as well!
At least BCU isnt owned by Disney
2:49, and im laughing harder than fuck. i love this change and where it's going
Guess she hasn't watched Mrs. Crocombe or Townsends both of which are making mac and cheese from around that era. They used a lot less cheese too. Love the idea of Spatzle. I've had the cheesy (stinky cheese) Spatzle at a restaurant once. It was pretty darned good. So this is probably not so 18th century but it rings pretty authentic to me. Especially her method of cooking.
This is a wonderful idea of yours!  Great job Sohla!
that original dish still exists, it's called käsespätzle
I would love a Sohla makes historic pastries with no recipe!
Very happy to see Sohla on this channel and have her own show. This show is great! Congratulation.
the sound of that fork in babish's mouth, nooooo!!!!!!
Just name the show Sohla. She can't be stumped.
This makes me very happy.
Sohla is so intelligent and talented, meanwhile I have to keep reminding myself that the 18th century means the 1700s and not the 1800s
Loving the new show so far. Please, for the love of the gods, switch your small spatula on the wall around to match the medium and large ones. My OCD made it hard to concentrate on anything y’all were saying, because your carefully crafted wall had one flaw.  Keep up the good work though! Love your shows!
Makes me think of that Homestead Cooking Guy.
I FUCKING MISSED YOU SOHLA THIS IS THE BEST THING TO EVER HAPPEN
I love cheese and I love Sohla.
I love everything about this
YESSSS SOHLA
This was absolutely delightful.
God that looks delicious.
HECK YES SOHLA
*looks around* there's some 18th century cooking content here on the youtubes yknow i'm sure folks have already mentioned them, but townsends discusses history more and does things in a way more suitable for a home cook, while english heritage's victorian way series is living history - acting the role of a professional cook in a posh house
Stepping on Townsend Territory eh? Bold!
Damn babish jumped right on the demise of BA, get Gaby next!
I thought this was gonna be like Stump Kitchen. I was very wrong
Sohla: what did I get into this time...
you better be paying this woman fairly andrew
i love her haircut so much
I know it seems super pretentious but for some reason the 19th century music playing during 18th century cooking bugged me out
The story about boiling water in walnut shell is so cute
YESSSSSSSS MY FAVOURITE DUO
this should of ben a cross over with Townsends
Needs moar nutmeg
“The wheel has COVID?!”  -Best BCU quote in the first episode
Yaaay Sohla!!!
The YouTube captions algo is losing its mind
I need more than a thumbs up option  for this. Love it on so many levels.
This makes me so happy. It was always the people, not BA specifically, that made so many people love the videos. And any time they collabed with Andrew was great. I fully support the BCU. Any new show and hosts on this channel will always have my view and like!
I live under a rock i have no idea what happened with BA, but man I'm a huge fan for Stohla in general glad to see someone is keeping her busy.
Someday in the future. Someone will say "i missed the day when this channel still binging with babish"
Joined just for Sohla!
This makes me happy, I'm happy Sohla is getting the recognition she deserves for being A QUEEN. 2020 isn't so bad after all :)
When are we getting Being with The Bavengers
Nice I love the outdoors episodes like in the Red Dead Redemption episode.
Babish! I saw your add love it
All of the ads were babish ads
Sola! Sola! Sola!
So babish is turning into non appetit, greaaat
Love love love Sohla
god I love her so much 🥺🥺
3:25
I’m I the only one that is concerned about the exploding concrete
I like this
Pretty sure they had matches in the 18th century
man had enough editing budget to get the wheel in but not out
aw man, but I loved the alliteration of Binging With Babish.... it flowed smoothly and was kinda more memorable.
Loved this!!
Guess Judge Townsends?
* firepit appears * * cue me yelling about how they had indoor kitchens with wood-burning stoves in the 1700s *  (Also, my bf says he needs more info on that hot dog pls)
Now Babish bring Claire , Brad and Gaby and it would be perfect!
Unnecessary fun fact: Antonio Vivaldi’s The Four Seasons: Spring was the music playing during the tasting of the mac and cheese, it worked surprisingly well with the scene and it was also 18th century music.
Now we need Clare to do the baking!!
Babish Culinary Universe?!?!? Hell yes!
christ that microphone haha but hey it sounds good
Anyone else get a babish ad on a babish video
A Sohla-Townsends collab would've been the most wholesome and pleasant thing on the internets.
This made me so happy. Best decision ever.
Yay! So excited to see her being valued! Sohla is amazing and I'm so excited to watch this new show!!
I always loved Sohla’s content, i’m so glad she seems much happier now 🥰🥰 i’m so happy for Babish too, expanding his channel and growing as a creator. So ecstatic for you both, and i can’t wait to see what you guys do next!
Ugh, I can't explain how much I adore this woman. She's smart, personable, and has rad tattoos. What more could you need?
Next time you make this put some seared onion rings on it. ✌️
why is no one talking about sohla making tiny food in a walnut shell as a kid. who does that. i love her
Fuck, I love Sohla!
babish pls just be her sous chef...
I dunno. That was a little tedious
Woah, Andrew has knees!
take claire, gaby, carla, molly, chaey and the rest of the test kitchen
It’s funny cause right before this video started, an ad for Hidden  Valley Ranch popped up & I thought it was the actual video because Babish was talking on it.
Sohlahhhhh you have to watch Mrs Crocombe from English Heritage! She historically makes historical recipes!
Sohla!!!!!!!
Gosh such a missed opportunity where Andrew could’ve worn a toupee with the suit.
That poor shotgun mic. Someone get him a gooseneck mic ASAP
fun ! :> Sohla is a very energetic and fun person to watch attempt to cook up whatever whacky thing they choose next
I want to thumps up for Sohla getting her screentime but thumps down for babish changing his format....
Fml we get sohla back with andrew
Love it!
Oh captain my captain's souls and andrew!
Thumbnail made me think this was a Townsend's video.
im so happy Sohla finally is with a company that appreciates (and compensates!!) her as much as she deserves 😍😍😍
I can’t get away from this sohla chick 🙄
Babish shouldve clean up the NYC fall leaves before shooting
SOHLA IS HERE NOW!!!!!!!!! IVE NEVER BEEN HAPPIER!!!!!!!!
I really hope this becomes a regular thing. I'm so happy that Sohla has moved on to better places than BA. She deserves so much better.
I think I'm in love with her!
Okay okay. I was skeptical, but it was fun.
The fact I watched this and got a babish hidden  valley commercial is amazing
Get Claire. And brad. OK everybody then
babish your a smart man for getting Sohla
Just to let you know the word Denim is the two words De Nim  from the the town of Nim in France 🇫🇷
I love Sohla!
but why so the channel now called babish culinary universe??
What is Townsends is this shit?
Yo did anybody else get a babish ad on this video about R A N C H
Just what my life was missing 😍🥰😍 tysm Babish.
Babish has gone corporate and I’m so proud
She looks happier to film in front of the camera every time I saw her make a video with BA, she seemed very annoyed and very unhappy with it. Glad she's having a lot more fun
Should do a guest appearance with Townsends, this is literally his jam
How do I work for team babish.
I did not know how much we needed babish as a host until now... so excited the future of this channel!!
Babby looking fly in that suit hot damn. Sohla WAS WASTED at BA, she's so creative and damn funny. Really look forward to more.
Townsends crossover when
She came in with a bang 😌💕 I'm so happy she's back
See a ad with babish on a babish video
🎵"oooh baby....I love my cheese"🎶 WHAT?!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 SOHLA will save all 2020s mess with her energy.
Babish is truly fucking badass.
The sigh she gives when Andrew moves the wheel off camera: "Well at least I'm getting paid for this"
Yay love Sohla!!!
Sohla is the BEST! I am so happy she is back on the Youtubes! Hell ya Babish!
3.9 thousand dislikes from all of bon apetit remaining subscribers
ummmm actually concrete doesn't explode like that she most likely left a rock in there from her trying to knock two pieces of flint together.... my logic being if the concrete did explode why hadnt it before then? fire pit has obviously been used before
Awesome! Love the new addition! 🤘🏻👍🏻welcome Sohla!
God I hope this shows BA what they really missed out on by not giving Sohla her own show (or like, paying her) cause god this proves she deserves it! So happy to see this new direction!
I’m so happy to be here and see this lovely womans face
"i think im gonna add a lot of cheese, because... t hey died young-"
SOHLA YOU'RE DOING SO GOOD! I don't know anything about 18th century culinary history? But! I do love to watch your process! And I'm so excited for your new show!!! 😍😍😍 I want to try the Spatz and Cheese
rip this channel gonna go to shit, sad to see..
SOHLA!!! 💕
18th century is the 1700s BTW
Yay.. this is now 90% filler..
Sohla needs her own tiny whisk presented to her as a new member of the BCU!!
Why did he change the channel name?
Do you know how much better my life would be if I could eat milk with dying 🥛
when i saw this come up in my subscriptions AND i saw the channel name change, i thought i was hallucinating -- super excited to see the great places the bcu will go! :^)
Käsespätzle is a thing in Germany. And rather easy. 🤔
Sohla is sooooo underrated so im glad she is getting some recognition.
wtf is this?
My two faves in one channel! Thank goodness! I hate Bon Appetite lol
SENSACIONAL
So happy Sohla is getting the spotlight she deserves
Im so so happy to see Sohla join the family!!!!
I already miss the old name
God I love Sohla so much. I'm so glad she is part of the BCU now :D
This name change has me uncomfortable. I hope all the previous series continue as normal but just with the new series
I'm here because, duh... Sohla!
yeyeyeyeye queen sohla
Please get Townsends on your show if you want to do old cooking styles, or TastingHistory
I love watching Sohla! I'm so happy to see her on your channel.
Me looking at the new look: what the hell? Did they ruin Binging with Babish??????   Me 2 min into this video: you know what? I'm ok with this
When you get a babish ranch ad while watching babish
So we've entered into the BCU? Are we gonna get spin off shows and cameos? End credit scenes?
Not that I'm complaining but I just never expected babish to branch out into a franchise with multiple figureheads, from just one guy in his kitchen making the krabby patty... Amazing.
Sohla! That's it, that's my comment
love Sohla
I first pictured Thomas Jefferson bringing mac and cheese back from France!
Salute to Babish for being daring enough to take a risk and go in a new direction. Just now subscribed. May he continue to make waves in the culinary industry.   BA's loss is our gain. Thank you and good luck, Babish!
I can imagine Townsend standing just off camera nodding approvingly and chuckling at Sohla trying to do 18th Century Cooking.
Not gonna lie, super excited for the change to to this channel this is awesome
they look so cute working together!!!! <3
Hooray!  I'm so happy to see Sohla!
Yay Sohla is back on YouTube! Thank you. Im so happy! 😁 You have been missed!
Did you just change the name of the channel?
Awesome to have a place to watch Sohla again!! Thank you!
I love this! I can't wait to see something served on fire.
But that yarddddd thooooooo
RIP Bon Appetite
Ah I missed sohla so much so glad to see her on this channel I already love so much!
sohla.... i missed you so much
FIRE. Glad your blowing up. I've been here since the beginning. Like 4 kitchens ago. Lol.
I honestly 100% thought that the thumbnail was Babish in a wig for some reason.
Sola going on brad
Andrew, you need to rename your channel: Slaying with Babish.
I am so happy to see Sohla happy, she is a precious cinnamon roll!
She is pretty cute
Oh my word, this was AMAZING
Welcome home Sohla!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and died." Nice to see nothing has changed since then.
I know it's not on the wheel, but i have a friend serving life in prison and he likes to cook (as much as he can). He wants to figure out how to make ice cream with what he can get in prison. Could Sohla help him figure that out?
Didn't Townsends do something similar 2 years ago?
Sohla finally got me to subscribe to this channel.
So basically she made Käsespätzle, a dish that is still made today in Germany, Austria or Switzerland :)
What happened to the hot dogs?
Sohla always makes snacks while she's making other snacks
Kaese spaetzle made with butterkaese and fontina cheese...and caramelized onions.
If the Spätzle thing is true then original mac & cheese is still around and well in Germany, Austria and Switzerland (it's called Käsespätzle).
This was great!
OMG I love Sohla!!! What a perfect union ♥️♥️♥️♥️
Ahem.  Thomas Jefferson famously bought a macaroni machine and brought it to America. He almost certainly would have prepared the resulting pasta with tons of cheese.
BA: didn’t deserve her
BCU im ACU, nice to meetcha  (edit: im joking ive known you for a while)
im so happy for sohla! im glad her skill is being recognized
I love Sohla!
This is the duo I have been waiting for. Go Sohla!
BCU BABYYYYY
Sohla nailed it, spätzle, rukm? Good job, so much Babish
18th century max & cheese Sohla: "...because we're using this high gluten flour..."
Sohla is kind of awkward sharing screen with other people. But left to her own devices, she is so confident and totally shines ❤️
This is everything that I wanted. SO GLAD SOHLA IS BACK!
Only 2 minutes in you have my subscription
SOHLAAAAA
I really wish she would of made the cheese too like they would have had to do.
Ah yes, it's all coming together.
Not enough nutmeg for the 18th c.
Sohla Rights!
That was an absolute delight to watch. I can't wait to see more of Sohla's new show, and wish this new venture all the best.
Ayy good for Sohla.
I saw Sohla in the title and let out a Ric Flair WOOOOOOO!
Traditionally, Spätzle are still made this way here in Germany. And the german Käsespätzle aren't that different from Mac and Cheese, just leave the bechamelsauce away. Anyway, that looks SOOOO tasty <3
SOHLA ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I'm so happy for Sohla, and for you too Andrew, this is awesome
Why change
This was so good!
Oh so your fire pit couldn't take the heat. 😅
you know, I never really got to see Sohla's Personality on BA. SHES ADORABLE!!
My two favorite internet chefs together on one channel?!? ❤️❤️❤️
Open fire....  Wood stove: aight imma head out
Take them all in, become the best.
BA must be kicking themselves now. So glad to see Sohla be appreciated for her talent both in terms of cooking and on screen personability.
Borrowing the eternal flame. That line got me
Woah it’s not binging with babish anymore
Will BA come back? what about brad and claire?
Babish you the best! Love to see familiar faces from other places. I look forward to more content! May the BCU bring nothing but glory.
I knew Babish was good people, i fuckin love this.
Please please do a vegan channel or a week long stint of attainable vegan meals and snacks
This is what the people needed. Thank you! I can't wait to see more of Sohla here!
Cutoff Jorts, Andrew? Wow.
I truly love this! It’s so intriguing
YAY SOHLA!!! You won't get treated like shit here. I'm glad you're here :D
Sohla, I hope you are treated well now. If not, tell us. 😉  You are doing Spätzle! ❤️❤️❤️ Really great job!  In Germany you eat them with browned or fried onions, highly recommendable, too.
Sohla !!!!!
I wish you a world of good fortune Mr. Rea.  I've followed you for over 2 yrs. now, and learned many interesting techniques on how to deal with flavors and textures.  About Ms. El-Waylly, I've seen her elsewhere.  Good Luck on your new enterprise!
I go where Sohla goes. So excited to watch this partnership develop.
"I feel like this isn't gonna work... How do we lie?" <-- definitely not me at work >.>
you had me at Sohla!
Please take all the great talented women from BA and bring them to the BCU.
Yay! Sohla is back! She’s amazing! More Sohla videos please
anyone knows what happened to the rest of ba?
Omg Sohhhhlaaaaaaa!!! I am so happy to see her!!
6:50 baking a cake every day?
I FUCKING LOVEEEEE SOHLA!!!!!
shes so cute im very excited to watch her segments hehehhehehhehe
Sohla! <3 I missed You! I really cant wait to see more of her show <3
I honestly thought this was a Townsend and sons vid when I first scrolled by.
Is no one going to mention that Andrew looks like he's been indulging in the spice melange?
Why is this not a @Townsends crossover episode?
I am drunk while watching and am deeply confused but hell I love it!
Omg this is SUCH A GOOD PREMISE! I can't wait to see what else she does!
Man!!! My two favorite internet chef's together at last!!! You two go together better than nuts and gum.
Watching sohla being praised feels real nice after seeing how underappreciated she was
I’m glad we have Sohla in the BCU, cause Dude. She is. A. GEM!
I had my eyes hooked on the "make it scary" option on the wheel at the beginning... Halloween episode? 👀
Babish coming for BAs entire WIG
😡😡😡😡 Grr at the rebrand
Jeesh whoever built that firepit had no idea what they were doing. They bought the kit from a local dealer and then didn’t think anything through. The layers of the block should be offset so that no single line goes all the way up to the caps. Also they left the concrete patio underneath the thing. So not only is there the exploding concrete issue but you also see the seam between and the concrete and block and it’s just sitting on top. Blegh.
Broke with Babish plz
Jeesh whoever built that firepit had no idea what they were doing. They bought the kit from a local dealer and then didn’t think anything through. The layers of the block should be offset so that no single line goes all the way up to the caps. Also they left the concrete patio underneath the thing. So not only is there the exploding concrete issue but you also see the seam between and the concrete and block and it’s just sitting on top. Blegh.
we never asked for it but we love it
So happy to see Sohla again!
SOHLA!!!!!! YESSSSSSS!!!!!!
I love this
Babish in shants, I think I'm in love
Only thing im not a fan of is the new name
Save brad too
the outtakes!! 😂
.... Guys. They had ovens and stoves in the 18th century 🤦
Never thought I'd see Spätzle on Babish's channel! What a time to be alive. (Yes, please bring "it's alive" with Brad over as well!)
And that ladies and gentlemen is why concrete shouldn't be used in fire pits
C O O K  A V E N G E R S
Not gonna lie, I clicked on this expecting Townsends.   Not complaining, but still... Andrew, did you do that on purpose?
2020 just keeps getting more different the more time that passes... C'mon America... 4 more years of Trump... Please America. I know you like normal too and the left just wants to make everything more chaotic and insane.  Who knew cooking would become political too with this whole BA thing?   But seriously, I need to make Spätzle... As a German American, I've gone too long without making it..
Can we get more Sohla makes explosives?
Omg it's Sohlaaaaaa!!!! 😄😄😄
OMG YES! Sohla is EVERYTHING!!!
That tripod smells like bear. Welcome Sohla, you're amazing
This... This makes me so happy.. So glad to see Sohla on a good channel :)  LOVE!
Spätzle with a whole lot of cheese is another German dish called Käsespätzle 😁
Yall should collaborate with Townsends lol
The bechemel sauce tip, as Sohla casually brings up the fires she made as a child is the Funniest thing I've seen as a while
I swear I didn't click the like button on my own. It did it by itself, and I fully support that.
I cannot wait for Sohla to land on MAKE IT SAD. She will shine like the Sun. It's the dark and morose humor which draws me to her.
A missed opportunity to bring in Jon Townsend who could have provided clothing as well. Still, I will always watch Banish and Solah!
That montage of outtakes at the end was the cherry on top of a great cooking challenge. Hope we get to see more exploding concrete in the future 👍
Sohla deserved so much more than what she got on BA. I'm glad your giving her that opportunity here! :D
Please bring in Brad!!!
This is like, the only cooking channel I watch, because binging with babish is such an entertaining series. But Sohla, I love her. She's amazing. What a wonderful addition and expansion to my palate.
sad for the rebranding Binging with Babish is iconic name.. but i am glad you found something to fuel you :)
This is everything I need from Sohla... Just being herself is interesting beyond measure. Thanks, BCU!
I thought they gonna do collab with townsends
The way i see a it is... If a solo channel turns into multiple people completely independent of each other. It's basically a corporate channel. It turns fake.
I am just so happy to see Sohla again! Her smile and laugh have been missed. This made me verklempt.
Sohla, welcome! So excited to see you here.
Congrats to the cooperation and this was funny, if a bit overdone. And can we not have the very toxic, antifeminist cutesy female incompetence? Really?   I'll be doing a reaction video on my medieval cooking channel with a 15C Italian Mac & Cheese recipe. Watch this space ;)
"PEOPLE JUST ATE ALL THE CHEESE THEY WANTED AND DIED"
I am curious if How to Cook That has seen this now lol
this makes me so happy. sohla is such an interesting and funny person. can’t wait to see more 💚
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH
I got a binging with banish commercial for The Botanist gin before this video
fans: reads title fans: “SOHHHHHHLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA”
Yay! Sohla! Screw Bon Appetit and how much they wasted her!
“When I was a kid I would start little fires in these little holes that I would dig.”  “I wanted to get overalls for this, but denim wasn’t invented until much later.” “Was corduroy around?” “No.”  🤣🤣
Why’d he have to change the name tho
*Corduroy WAS around in the 18th century.* It was being used in England.
When I first saw this, I thought it was a Townsends video.  By the way, Andrew, you're a ham. :P  And Sohla's just a gem. :D
Yes please! I love Sohla and I love bizarre cooking challenges. So excited to see more and I hope she's making bank.
Steal brad
Babish Cinematic Universe
She is so precious!!
Why does Sohla cooking like in the 18th century look like me trying to cook in my 20th century kitchen?
yeah it's good  cheese      mac
AWESOME!!! <3 Sohla!!
I love Sohla and this is making me miss Bon Appetit so much 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭  i wish the chefs would start their own channel, with the same filming and editing crew
Ah shit.
Who builds a firepit which is susceptible to heat?
Why change the name
I'm sad that babish killed this channel with this rebrand. :/
Did you guys edit out that high five near the end cause of Covid? lool
Giving a WOC her OWN show? Bon Appetit could never...
Yay, Sohla has a new home. Here's to hoping that the BCU treats her better than BA.
Yesss!!! babish add all the bon apple teeth crew that were unappreciated!
hell yea. we stan unproblematic channel.
i got a babish ad before this video
More  We want more
As a schwabian housewife watching Sohla making Spätzle is just amazing. No she would not get away with them as "real" Spätzle but I just love her. And yes over here in the Black Forrest we have a dish made out of Spätzle and Cheese it's called Käsespätzle and it's a real old dish and delicious.
Sohla showing off: "Eh? Eh? You don't care.." 😂
SOHLA AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
I am so happy seeing Sohla on this channel <3 This is a really cool move, bring on the BCU!
This would have been a great collab video with Townsends
Lol bon apetit eat ur heart out
How The way she says Spätzle improves over the course of the video. 👌🏻
its called Käsespätzle
looove thisa here show!
YES! She deserves it so much.
I love that babish swooped in and is giving the people from BA the chance they deserve.
Watched the ads all the way through. Loving this. 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
This was incredibly entertaining and I'm going to watch every episode.
If you have pain do you allow it to end or you want to end it with some medicine? Do you associate the pain and identify yourself with the pain? Is it immediate identification with the pain or disassociation and observe?
I am super excited for this series
god she is so funny i’m so happy to see her back in front of a camera ❣️❣️❣️
BCU EMPLOY CHEF JOHN TOO! COLLAB! COLLAB! UR THE MARTIN SHEEN OF THAT DREAM BABISH!
Not going to lie.  I want to make this.  I hope they start up a website with the recipes.
💜💙💚💛🧡❤️🤎🖤
Immediate subscription
Thank you, Babby & Sohla, for saving all of our lives with this collab
No.
No 'Are you paying her fair?' jokes? Too early? Okay.
I love this!!! More Sohla!!!
BCU > MCU
Sohla! ❤
babish: my city now
I LOVE SOHLAAAAAAA!!! <3
"I had a fire going like this in my apartment with the FLUTE shut"...I'm worried.
So happy to see her appear. Thanks babby
Oh god please become the new BA, we need a wonderful home for all those wonderful cooks.  Plus how can you feel good about keeping Brad and Vinnie apart for so long.
Who else got confused and thought this was a Townsends video
yes Sohlaaaaaa. love this series already
a'ight I'm headin' out
I like her a lot, she's awesome. From her craft to her attitude, haircut, tattoos everything, she's badass af
Wow! Got to be one of the stupidest videos I've ever seen...
BCU sounds like the biggest crossover ever!!
Glad to see her doing well
Babish: The Babish is a bit small I think we can make it bigger!
I set my phone to grey scale recently which turns the colours black and white... I advise everyone to do the same while watching this video
_HOW DO I SUBSCRIBE TO A CHANNEL TWICE-_
omg, Sohla, you are amazing
James Townsends does really good historical cooking,  and there's a channel called, tasting history i believe... both are extremely good. Townsends gets into it dressing up like the olden times, and tasting history is just a dude with charisma, and a friendly face.  Both teach history, and some now extremely rare recipes. Its dope.
Theres so much fking cheese in the mac lol
this is the best thing that's happened on youtube in Covid
Jean's were a really old invention stemming from Italy. The fishermen used to use it.
This is proof that even with how bad it’s been, we can still find glimmers of hope to construct the silver lining around the grey cloud otherwise known as 2020. Sohla is one of my favorite chefs that BA had; I’d love to hang out with her, drink whiskey drinks, chat and make food!
thank you for bringing the delightful kooky sohla to the new universe!
This video was about 5% accurate. I'm sad now. I really liked the concept but it feels like no research was done at all making the process and the end product ways off and the video not having any educational value. Only taches people the wrong stuff.
PLEASE if you ever do guest artists, get Michael Twitty on here!
I’m so happy she’s joining the channel especially after the situation with Bon Appetite, I’m grateful to be viewing this new experience with you guys. 🌹
YASSSSSSSS.  queen.
"So, 18th century, I don't think they would have had induction burners [...]"  Gee, ya think?  They didn't even have electricity.  If that was meant to be a joke, it was weaksauce.
I'm getting two ads since the name change, damn Babby, you really be collecting dem bandz now.
YAAAHHH GET INTO IT!!!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died." Alright sick, I know what I'm doing next weekend
Painfully cringey from start to finish
this is the closest you can get to beating the shit out of BA while they are down and its kind of heartwarming to see tbh
are we just going to ignore that the concrete was exploding
Who is BCU? I only knew binging with babish
so 18th century mac and cheese is literally just german Kässpätzle?
WELCOME BACK SOHLA AND THANK YOU BABISH! My dude, you should snatch up all the BA test kitchen people, that would be sick as fuck :^)
Tina without the glasses. Hehe
Sohlaaaaaa😍
Bring Molly and Brad in too pls
Sohla, you're amazing! Can't wait fir the next one. Andrew, you're a genius! Thank you.
The bon appetite coup has begun
Lol, city folk....
I love the channel update/revamp! It makes me so happy to know there's great new additions to the team like Sohla and the more behind the scenes friends as well. Can't wait to see more from you guys :)
Her: They didn't have long term health concerns. They ate all the cheese and then they died. Me: So this is what it feels like to want to be born in a different century.
Can you ramake the jollibe chicken joy? they said that it was really juicy.
This is fucking awesome
18th century but make it the middle ages? They did have stoves you know
YAS Sohla! Please oh please keep it coming! New subscriber!
What a fun life, indeed...
Hello everyone, this is that one convenient intelligent guy that randomly answers questions in youtube videos, mac and cheese was actually first invented in 1937, by craft!.
Sohla rising like the phoenix from the ashes!  Babish to Bon Appetite, I am the ONE who KNOCKS! haha  Looking forward to the growth of the BCU and congrats to all!
Subbed for Sohla! :)
I am so happy to see that Sohla has found a new home!  Things are going to be absolutely amazing!
He’s got that fancy Hidden Valley sponsorship
We love Sohla! Welcome!
Disappointed with the name change and direction
this was so much fun to watch!! cant wait for more!!
I feel like if Sohla doesn't get stumped she gets to punch babish in the gut
Now make     21st century humor
Sohla having her own show is the best thing that's happened to me all week.
Is that pewds mic
Anyone sees Sohla and is reminded of a Malaysian highschooler that goes to a government school
5:09 - Is no one else gonna say it? . . . . . They baroque the fire pit.   I’ll just see myself out.
One thing i can´t get over is why Americans (and other english speaking countrys?) say 18th Century when they mean something that happend in 1700-1799 and 19th Century for 1800-1899 and so on... It makes no sense but on the other hand they still use the Imperial system...
YESSSS SOHLA SERIES
A woman eats 2 pounds of 18th century mac&cheese. This is what happened to her organs.
So.. is Brad going to turn up to show you how to pickle anything that fits into a jar?
18th century Mac and cheese is pretty much the same as now.. Unless we're talking the boxed stuff which is a sin against real mac and cheese.
So happy to see you supporting Sohla!!! I’m so happy to see her again, hope this show runs a long time!
So good to see sohla 😊 ❤️
Oh 💔 2:31
i got a Babish Ad before this video so i just know this is gonna be amazing
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS SOHLA YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
After watching it...I love it! I cannot wait for more episodes. This is fantastic and couldn’t be happier. I hope others from BA branch out on their own and don’t let the situation take them down and keep them from making amazing content or just doing what they want to do.
The format is an odd mix of new elements like the 'gameshow', Babish's clean presentation, and the general chaos/talking to the camera crew of Bon Apetit. Of these, I think the last worked best (probably because Sohla is the main presenter and it's what she's used to?), though the clean presentation also added a bit. The gameshow thing I'm less sure about? I know it was meant to be a 'challenge', but everyone involved is just too happy for this to really have the required competitive tone. Personally, I'd be very curious to see recipes that Sohla is particularly invested in- rather than ones chosen by random chance. Anyway, new formats always need a bit to find their groove, and I'm sure this one will be no different. So far, the show is off to a promising start.
love love love love love love love love love love love love
Fantastic!!! I love Sohla!!!!
BA: * gets uncovered as a pile of condensed racism * Andrew: "A new era has to begin" *Binging with Babish evolves into Babish Culinary Universe*
I haven’t even watched the episode yet but Hell yes!!!! Couldn’t be happier that this is happening and that the dumpster fire of BA isn’t stopping amazing talent from flourishing and amazing content from coming out.
Can the opening of the new show be a music video of Sohla singing ‘Baby I cheese you so.’
this is everything my heart needed.
I like babish with a production budget
Super excited to see Sohla working with Babish again! Love both of these personalities. Congrats to the BCU for the expansion into more culinary fun!
Sohla: "People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" Historian: "Absolutely n.....well....[checks notes]...actually that checks out...sorry, carry on"
Yes!! I love Sohla!!
Get Brad a segment!
Saw Sohla, had to click ♥
ack. another episode that makes me wish there was some interaction between this channel and townsends.
... CookSouls...
18th Century Mac and Cheese?  *Screams in Townsends*
Babish if you don't add "miniature" to the wheel based on Sohlas childhood of starting fires and cooking out of walnut shells you're blowing it.
Dora the explorer grew up
Whoever down voted this video need love in their life.
Love how the fullness of Sohla's personality shines - so glad you're back!
Every time solha talks I think she's gonna cry 😂
Umm people had matchsticks in 18th century 😂😂😂 why is she igniting the fire like a person in stone age would do!!!??
Sohla:1 Concrete:0
Babish using his platform to support smaller creators is incredible!!
Sohla! Our culinary Queen.
"I think I'm going to use a lot of cheese because they died young..." Um, yes!!
“As a kid I used to start fires in little holes I would dig in the ground,” said Sohla with much normalcy
ahhh I'm so happy!! I'm so proud of her!! I missed her so much~ instant sub
Sohla is here and so am I! New subscriber! Your channel looks like fun.
OMGGGG SOHLAAAA
Welcome to the family, Sohla.
If you’ve changed the name you still need to refer to yourself as binging with babish
That gameshow music hit and I just can't express my happiness.
I ship it
Needs more nutmeg.
SOHLAAAAAAAAA IM SOOOOO HAPPY YO SEE YOU AGAIN ❤️😭😭😭😭😭 I MISSED YOU SO MUCH ON YOUTUBE
This makes me wonder what would have happened in we got "Ice Cream" as the goal...
Babish riding that wave like a pro surfer
Love the awkward hand shake cut out at 10:34 haha! Great to see Sohla here!
Hey y'all, who is this "Babish Culinary Universe"? I only know Binging With Babish.
2:10 *defeated sight*
Rip binging with banish.
*ad in the middle of the video* Me: 😫 *It's Andrew's ad* Me: ☺️
This is so so coool! Sohla did so awesome!
I love that Andrew is so damn transparent. I've never seen such a wildy sucessful youtber still be so damn humble and love what he does. I don't know who Sohla is, but she's a great add to the team in my book. She was such a peach to watch.
I cannot be the only one a bit miffed about the name change. I had too rewind like "Hold on, what happened?" I don't like it 😔😭😭😭😭
Spätzle KEKW
So exciting! I love this so much
So much fun! Keep this up, Sohla!
This does seem like a recipe that would be made relatively easily in a country farm kitchen. If the farm household don't make their own cheese, they likely trade for it, milk from the house cow, if they don't grow and grind their own wheat, they trade for that as well. Easy stuff, spaetzle is so simple even I can make it.
where's @Townsends when you need him?
Hard cut in the middle of the wheel spin. Methinks there may be tomfoolery afoot.
kinda surprised Townsend and son didn't crawl out of the oven and magic everyone into 18th century attire before helping Sohla out.
Unsubbed
Legit subscribing purely to see more Sohlal!!
Game set and match Bon Appetit...
How can one pay attention to what is being said when there is a string quartet arranged for piano in the background? Stole the show.
Now I'm going to go watch the video Townsends made to see how well you all did :D
Poor Solah, this show is way too extra.
Thanks for this! I missed Sohla!
I liked this video, but it’d be great to see the research section lengthened a bit, and more use of actual sources
Brotha. Changing the channel name and style was bold as shit and you made it work! I dont even remember her name as im typing this (I will if you arent a dummy and keep her around) but she's awesome. I like what you're doing sir.
I'm so excited for the new direction the channel is going in! Congratulations Andrew!
OMG. I love Sohla. So excited we get to see her on screen, being compensated fairly and having a good time.
"Nobody help me!"  "Somebody help her please-"  "Noooo!"  I love Sohla just having a good time <3
Love Sohla and the cooking I wasnt a fan of the opening though. I look forward to more!
That thing where an independent content creator can more properly compensate a genius chef than one of the premier cooking magazines in the country.
Gah. Love Sohla but the channel name is so dumb.
Sohla is so cute
The entire time i was thinking would someone get her a stove. Cast iron stoves were very much a thing in the 1700s.
Love this!! So glad we get to see more Sohla and that she’s getting paid to be seen
“ ooh huh? Huh? You don’t care” 😂😂😂 sohla is the funniest
YEEEEESSHHH, ME LOVE SOHLAAAAA 😍😍😍😍😍
💖💖💖💖💖💖
sohla using a pilot g2 pen to write is the relatability i needed today
Buying with babish the new show where we watch babish buy his ingridients😂😂
It’s not the same as babish 😔
I subscribed bcs of Sohla 😎
babish gaming when
Glad to see more from Sohla!
I gotta say, the music made it even better
Great to see you back in action Sohla. Congrats!
THIS IS SUPERB. Cannot wait for more Sohla!!!!
#50 on trending let’s gooooo!
i love this chanal, alot of home cooks try to be more then they are and it comes acrost forced but you are someonei can tell is verry real person, thank you for doing all you can to help entertain and inspire a bunch of home cooks like me, ive decided to perseu a long time dream of opening a bakery. sorry for my horide spelling
I just realized Andrew is basically alt universe Nick Jonas. I just realized how much they look alike, if you look past the beard and lack of head hair lol
Love you babish (Andrew) thanks so much for everything
Babish Cinematic Universe?
16th century music on 18th century video. Cool
“I’ve come a long way from boiling water in walnut shells” 😅
SOHLA 😍
Fuck yeah! SOHLA!
Babish stumps his HOA
SO glad to see Sohla back!
Sohla is awesome, can’t wait to see more of her!💛
Im gonna miss Binging with Babish
holy shit , its nice to see Dora took the culinary route
me when they bring out the game show wheel: lol this is super cheesy  me when she starts dumping in gruyere: 👀👀👀 omg this is super cheesy 🧀🧀🧀
I wanted her to start her own show but this works
Thank you so much for this. I really missed Sohla and this series is very fitting for her as I saw in one of her previous BA vids her desire in experimenting with food. Looking forward for more <3
The MCU is NOTHING Compared to the BCU Babish is building.
This is the best thing that's ever happened on YouTube
you know "the past" isn't just one big period of time.. there are materials, techniques, ingredients confused that were invented ages in between..
OMG Sohla's own show 😍😍😍
Oh man, you ran straight to fake microphone trap. Once you start you can never stop
So no more binging with babish?
Dude, this was both unexpected and amazing. I cant wait to see more! What a funny and amazing addition!
Aaand unsubscribed aswell.
When the channel name is changed, not everyone likes it, but its a change we all needed one way or another.
i don't like the new name
So amazing to see Sohla!!!! I look forward to seeing her cook and hopefully have fun again!!!!!!!
Need to update your website and about section because of your new name
Ah this is an amazing turn of events! Go Sohla!!
This is the greatest Universe ever conceived!
Eat cheese die young.. ok sohla, does this mean we are going to get dangerous mac and cheese? 🤣
Schola has Brian David Gilbert energy.
Nice you basically made Kasspotzn. Really like the show it's awesome!!
Sohla!!! I'm so happy!!
Huge power move! Keep these shows coming :D
I am here for this 100% I love sohla's spirit and culinary knowledge. Thank you both 😊
never really watched babish before, but u got a new subscriber today for sohla
18 century? needs more nutmeg
Ah this new site is gonna be so good!!!! I've wanted something like this every since Sohla made that carbonara dessert on BA!
Seeing Sohla again warms my soul, can’t wait to see who else joins in 😉
Ooo baby I love my cheese Give it please Yeaahyeah I wanna tell you I love my cheese Yeeaaaaahyeah I need my daily dosage of cheese
This is the crossover we didn't know we needed
When I see sohla I click.... love her!!
Babish's music choice is really excellent
Pretty sure most of what she’s wearing and using is out of regs in regards to the eighteenth century 😂
I'm so ready for these🤘🏽
This is terrible.
No no no no no!!  It should go back to being called "Binging With Babish!"  I'm REALLY not liking this horrible new format!!
Time to change the About section Babish my dude!
"The wheel has COVID? Topical." really got me. The outtakes were great. Hope they're a permanent feature
Damn I want some mac and cheese now. Do I want to spend five hours over a fire making it? Not as much.
After seeing the chocolate episode with Sohla and hearing (also seeing with my own eyes) about how she was treated at BA, I really hoped I'd see her more on BWB, but sure did not dare dream to see her have her own show. It seems like a lot of people feel stumped about how to help bipoc and how to change things, well, here's an example.
I'm so happy that Sohla has gotten her own show! She is the best
matches were invented in 1826, but i somehow love that she used a candle to lit the fire so much it doesn't bother me at all :))
I missed sohla so much im glad to see her back online on a channel I love already,,, she deserves the worlddd 🥺🥺
hi Sohla it's great to see you!!!!!!!!!!!!
Been missing the BA crew! Great to see Sohla and looking forward to more of these!
This was painfully unfunny.
Can't wait for the video of Andrew explaining why he changed his YouTube channel name
so unbelievably happy for sohla right now!!! this was an amazing video :)))
I recognize that mic
I love Sohla... but I hate what happened to Bon Appetit...
Andrew, dude, this is great man. I'm so happy your channel has grown so much over the years the way it has. Also, I'm overly happy and excited that we get to see the sunshine that is Sohla El-Waylly be apart of this dope new adventure.  I'm proud as hell to be apart of your community!
Oh, so there is an upload schedule all along.
Omg I love this. Could you add a option on the wheel for comments challenge? Things commenters conjure up from the previous video
Sohla is an incredibly talented chef, looking forward to more!
this is so great! Really happy Sohla has found a new home for her amazing cooking and that BCU is expanding. Really looking forward to more of this :-)
I love this
this was great! more please!!
Sohla❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️☄️🥰💫🥰🌲🥰😭🥰🥰🌲🥰🌲🥰😭
love this!!!
How how how ? How do you eat this much cheese and you still are so much fit ?
Why rename? Is that not a thing too remeber names? All knew that frend that always renamed hisself and you read the new name and think did i know him?  Realy i dont get that renaming thing but hey its your channal
Ahhhh...i missed Sohla,😍lovin these new show😊
Oooohhh when their chemistry grows and develops this series is gonna BLOWWWWW 🥰🥰🥰
I like Binging with Babish better, just sayin
Ah she made Spätzle my german heart is rising. Also this is just Kässpätzle wich you can get everywhere in southern germany. But making it above an open flame for the first time that well is truly an accomplishment. Hut ab Sohla.
Thankyouuuuuu for bringing Sohla back to our screens ☺️☺️
Yep. She's a total star.
You can just tell Sohla has such a genuine, beautiful soul! Great addition to the BCU! Congratulations!
I love Solah and I really want this to go well... but the lack of research and prep that went in to this was very annoying.   There are mANY historical food blogs, books, recipes, and other resources where the kind of historical information you’re guessing at, is readily available..
Go Sohla! We want Brad as well!!
"people ate all the cheese they wanted, and then they died" a quote for the ages
*Bon Appetit Channel implodes*  Babish: “It’s free real estate”
This is so nice!!! I love Sohla!!!!
I already miss binging
Congrats on your 8 million subs.
Big power move. Makes me wonder if any other former BA cast members will wind up working for Babish
THIS IS EVERYTHING
Sohla is the best and I am so grateful to see more of her!
So happy to see her but let's be real homies this a play on gourmet makes
love this series !!! the wheel makes it unpredictable and diverse maybe it'd be better if the title didn't reveal the outcome of the wheel beforehand tho
That was cool. Though, those forks wasn't meant to be eaten with. Since the prongs are really sharp. They was just used to hold food, you ate with your fingers, a spoon or the blunt end of a knife.
Me: saw channel name Also me: *confused noise*
SO-LHA!
Here's a thought....  everyone in the comments stop sucking each other and this chick off.
Sohla has big James May energy and I speak that with the highest admiration
wwowowowowooowwoowo
So Sohla is part of team? If you got her we all thank you. I just want all the favorite cooks to be happy making food and or content.
BABBY! BABBY! DADDY BABBY WITH THE JEAN SHORTS!!!!! JEAN SHORT BABBY DADDY
Sohla is a superstar, what a signing 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
That are Käsespätzle and not some kind of 18th century mac&chesse or spazla or however you wanna call it
yesssss
Sohla brought me here
Stoked Sohla joins you she is the bomb!
This was great! Super excited to see more Sohla videos!
Wonderful video Babish! Keep her in! Maybe on a weekly basis? 👍🏽
I was sad to hear about all the BA stuff and so happy to see this<3 is there any chance of seeing Brad?
Somebody gave Babish a budget
I'm so happy to see more Sohla! I think it'd be cool if Sohla made a second version without the 'stump' part and got to integrate what she learned. Will she use spelt the next time she makes mac? Will she start using spetzle as her default pasta choice?
LOVE the new addition!!! :D
I think it's time for a new channel avatar as well then? Welcome Sohla, and I for one welcome our new BCU overlords!
Amazing new show format really refreshing to watch! Sohla really is a great addition to this channel, very knowlegeable and very entertaining! Kudos to the both of you for being bold and  your desire to evolve!
im gonna need ALL our fave ex-BA ppl to come to the BCU
good show, but don't wear the cap anymore Andrew, I thought you were Keemstar.
It took me waaaaay too long to realise she was making Spätzle 😂
FIRE HER
bourree in e minor😋
I’m gonna miss the old channel name.. Happy your channel is growing and evolving though :)
I'm just gonna ignore the fact that there's a "BEAT BABISH" option on the stump sohla wheel
I love Sohla, but this seems like a gimmick. I loved learning from her videos. There was nothing in this video that I can apply as a home cook.
Sohla is a great idea! She’s great 👍🏽
loving the channel. thanks youtube for the recommendation
I literally just watched an ad about ranch with you in it!
Käsespätzle! <3
did not recognize babish at all without his glasses 😳
This was a genuine pleasure to watch! Sohla's personality is so enjoyable!
Sohla is fantastic. Glad she has a new space to be creative in. Ido want to say that this format feels a little overproduced. Not so sure about it. Like it feels a little corny and doesn't seem too relatable.
babish cinematic universe lets goooooooooo
Eating all the cheese I want and dying is just a normal Saturday for me
bring in brad or we riot!
Please create your version of the Crazy Hamburger
True Marvel fan.. BCU
That's the lady that destroyed bonappetit!
I just noticed he changed his name. But now he doesn't have his verification. pepeHands
yessssssss more of this!
This new show is made possible by BA's underestimation of a badass chef.  :)
I’ve been watching babish for a while and there was always something so familiar about him and I think I’ve figured it out...Ryan Reynolds/Deadpool
Thats awesome!
I love this, I’m so happy she is doing what she loves in a better environment!
Wait what happened to Binging with Babish
Love this!!!!!!
My serotonin levels watching this: absolutely through the roof   ✨🤠✨🥰✨🕺🏼✨🥺✨
MORE MORE MORE
❤️❤️❤️❤️
If you want to make an authentic mac and cheese recipe from the 18th century then I really do suggest you look up the videos on Townsend and son because they have a lot of 17th 18th and early 19th century recipes that are not only easy but also very good
YESSS SOHLAAAAA
lets fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOhla
I'd rather just watch her cook things with no gimmicks, but I'll take whatever Sohla I can get!
Love this video! Sohla is super entertaining and so are you. This is a great episode!
See Sohla clicks
The BCU saving one culinary universe at a time
Sohla, we have missed you and how
Am I the only one that’s upset she only said it right a few times? Spätzle
Are we going to get a babish fermentation station?
ok but the milk jug nearly stumped sohla.  THIS WAS SO FUN! I LOVE IT SO MUCH! SOHLA HAS HER OWN SHOW!!! can't wait for more. And even tho it took 5 hours with Sohla's vast skills, it looks so good I wanna try and make it, with my meager skills.
Sooooo excited for this new series!!! I absolutely LOVE Sohla! 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 Two of my favorite chefs on one show now! 🥳🎉🎉🎉
Sohla te amo
You should make a dish from the legend of Zelda Breath of The Wild
Yay Sohla! Im so excited for this!!!
I love that he is using the same mic as pewds in his new videos
I loved it!! Looks so yummy!!!🤤
Why does this remind me of bon appetit
This is amazing
This is what sohla deserves and I’m here for it. She was so under appreciated on the other channel. It was sickening to find out she was getting under payed. I am kinda young so it was really devastating for some reason when I find out but truthfully it happens a lot of places. Just hidden in plain sight.
She’s so cute
Holy shit, this is amazing!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sohla!!!
But the Franklin Stove was invented in 1742....
The English Heritage channel did a mac’n cheese, it looked weird but it was fun to learn/see that they did something like that so long ago which has evolved along with us
Did u just change the name of your channel?
Love this.
You should make the dump cake from the game “Tell me Why.”
I LOVE
Did everyone see some of the other challenges on that wheel? 'make it sad' was one... Others were great but I don't remember them... Man we should all enjoy the beauty of that board and look at it for ourselves...
Why so many downvotes?!
Definitely wouldn’t have thought I’d ever see an 18th century Americanised Kässpätzle Version here! Mahlzeit 💚
This was delightful and I am stoked for more
Such a great addition to the channel! Can't wait to see the other challenges!
so happy to have Sohla on a channel again! especially one i already followed
Hell Yeah Sohla, GET IT !!!
SO GOOD! Just hope future episodes are longer!
Sohla!! We love you and will forever root for you. Love BCU
Sohla is the best!
on this episode we recreate gourmet makes with more fun and minimal chocolate tempering!
Seeing Sohla and the name change made me super excited!
Every other cinematic universe is irrelevant now long live da BCU
yay sohla!!
Sohla!!!!!!! Awesome, gifted, hilarious, talented Chef!!!! Thank you Babish, you just brought in the greatest culinary talent ever!!!
Yaaass! I love you both! 😍
When did they change the channel name again???
I know mac and cheese was the result of Thomas Jefferson becoming briefly obsessed with Italian food and his wife's attempt to make an American version, so I'd have to guess if they didn't have it in the 18th century, they definitely would have had it in the early 19th.
YOOOOOO BCU >>>>>>>> MCU
Sohla:  "I'm going to have to make my pasta, make my cheese, and cook over an open fire"  Well, you did 2 out of the 3 things that you were supposed to.
“I had a fire like this in my apartment. With the flue shut.”   Dear god sohla were your trying to create the next great fire¿😂
I love this so much!
Sohla is a mad lad when it comes to cooking, welcome indeed!  Babish's scream when the sausage was about to fall... same
I don’t think you understand how excited I am about this
Just get Sohla her own show already.
This is going to be one of my favorite collabs forever!!!
So excited for this series! So glad Sohla is somewhere she's appreciated.
Uhh, what happened to the hotdog?
Corduroy did exist in the 18th century! It actually has roots in Ancient Egypt, then in England during the 18th century it started being produced with the iconic ridges in the fabric.
Thank you babs. Love the show always.
@babishculinaryUniverse, this is the first good thing from 2020.  Thank you!
Yess baby we love sohla!!! She’s winning baby!!
I'm a simple gal. I see Sohla, I click.
Sohla is my favorite now 😂😂😂
Sohla is adorable, I love her hair and outfits. She's like if Dora became a chef.
This is so iconic
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and died." Nice to see nothing has changed since then.
m
This was really great!! Excited for the new show!
ive watched this channel on and off but having sohla on and have her own show is what made me subscribe. i cant wait what happens next!
Is that the backyard from high maintenance?
Why are there dislikes on this video!?
I'm so glad Sohla is back making videos and I can't think of a better person to make videos with. So great!!
This is the best news in a loooooong time!
Babish pulling out the Tobias Funke look at the end
I love Sohla so much 😭😭😭
I ship the both of you.
I see Sohla, I click
@5:14 the background music is Per Olov Kindgren's classical guitar arrangement for Bouree in E Minor. Genuinely, thank you.
Glad to see you back Sohla
Sohla living her best life 10 months into 2020 gives me hope for the rest of the year and I think I can see a light on the horizon. So glad she’s left the toxicity behind her and is doing bigger and better things and being validated at the same time.
LOOVVVEEEEE
Lovely 👍
Great video, interesting concept, would have just liked to see a little more commentary on taste and texture and lessons learned, that sort of thing.
ahhh bon apple babish!
why the new name? i promise im not angy
This is everything Sohla deserves I love this concept sm!!✨
Omg omg!!! Yes yes yes!!!! I already love this!!
The gin commercial is one of the most well done ads I’ve ever seen. Also... Oooooooooooo the lovey Sohla!
Game show host Babish has major Alton Brown vibes
So good. Great choices.
So happy you’re here Sohla ❤️ Also it’s pronounced shpEYts-luh, with the “ey” somewhere between the “a” in cat and the “e” in hey (:
SOHLA AND ANDREW IN THE SAME SPACE?!? 😭🔥 I’m so excited for !!!
FUCK YEAH! SOHLA, I MISSED YOU!
I love Sohla to death, and I'm so happy she got out of that shitty place and Babish scooped her up, BUT Jas Townsend has taught me a thing or two about 17th and 18th century cooking. Nutmeg. So I'm sorry to say, I must deem Sohla stumped by this one.   Looking forward to more Sohla content!
YES! YES YES YES YES YES.   YES!
THANK YOU THANK YOU THATNK YOUUUUUUUU THANK YOU FOR ALL YOUR AMAZING CONTENT ♥️♥️♥️♥️ SOHLA YOU DOING GREAT BABES!!
My first video was the burger vs the turkey burger. Things have changed so much, you’ve literally lived out a dream, man. I could only wish for a life where things were going well enough to pursue a dream, unfortunately all I have time for is working to keep a roof over my head.
2:35 that’s how I intend to go
Meh
Sohla is great. She is a wonderful addition to the Babish Culinary Universe.
MORE SOHLA ❤︎❤︎❤︎❤︎❤︎❤︎❤︎❤︎
needed to call jas townsends and sons in as a lifeline because i think he actually has a video on 18th century macaroni
This is why I love Babish😀
SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!!!
I looove Sohla! 😍❤️
ayo just took a shit D:
Oh man there is such an opening here for getting @jastownsendandson or @TastingHistory in on this wonderful collab. Welcome to the BCU Sohla - next time the wheel lands here, i'd love to see you guys reaching out to those channels or ones like it. (I know too many cooking youtube channels)
I hope only but success for youz
You know, usually when a show like this expands and brings new hosts, it kinda ... fails. It just doesn't feel the same. But I think Sohla is doing an amazing job here, she keeps the spirit of the channel and she brings her own to the table (ha, get it, table). This is great!
*The Bad Bish Culinary Universe*
Omfg babish YOUR HIDDEN VALLEY COMMERCIAL PLAYED DURING THIS VID THATS SO FUCKING AWESOME! So happy and proud holy jeez!! Keep it up champ
im so happy to see sohla getting her own show (and presumably better pay) but im also happy to know andrew wears jorts
Needed this!!
Basics with babish kombucha?
Hahahahah holy shit nice.
i love Sohla so much
in the other universe
nope
I’m so happy to see Sohla back. This is perfect. Count me as a devoted watcher now.
YESSSSS IM CRYING FINALLY SHE GETS WHAT SHE DESERVES
Sohla is garbage
Very excited for the new show!
I am on my third watching of this because I just need that good wholesome energy.
He should make the noodles from crash landing on you
BCU is such an appropriate term. Sohla is a superhero.
I wish I could like a video twice
Yeeeeeessssss babish + sohla! We needed this
Solha is finally getting the respect she deserves.
Bon appetit wouldn’t pay her so Babish did. Respect ✊
As much s I hate change, the Babish Culinary Universe is a bad ass name
LMAOOOOOOOOO  they died young...  XD
But is it better than Kraft?
THIS. GENIUS. EVERYTHING GOOD. YES.
SOHLAAAAAAA
Change the channel name back
Bro keep doin ur thing.  it is inspiring
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then died"   Living the fuckin life right there bro
Omg I’ve missed BA so much 😭😭  This is heaven!! BWB and BA!?!? This is too much!! Thank you thank you thank you!! I didn’t know I needed this 😍
Wait what happened to the name? WHAT HAPPENED TO THE NAME?!
Not gonna lie, I’m kind of terrified for her to land on “make it scary” because what the fuck does that mean
I love pretty much everything you've done, but I am just not feeling this what so ever. I just do not like it. But it looks like I'm in the minority and this is your show so do what you love.  But I do have to say I like Sohla. She seems awesome.
I love this already!!
This sucked.
Sohla!!! You're an incredibly accomplished and talented chef! Looking forward to your episodes!!
I'm so excited to see Sohla thrive, BA didnt appreciate her
Well I've made Kronks spinach puffs thanks to you, but for some reason it took Sohla to actually hit subscribe
I got TWO ADDS BITH WITH BABISH IN IT. WHAT
I prefer the older video style
Not a fan
I'm so happy to see Sohla in the BCU
I'm sorry to disagree with almost everyone. Their interactions were cringy, no chemistry at all, and I'm betting that she, being an extremely experienced, knowledgeable cook, wants to commit suicide working for a guy that has no real cooking training, and is all about gimmicky videos.  But i guess money is money and bold move hiring her.
The 18th century sounds awesome. I want to eat so much cheese I die.
Every ad on this channel features babish lmao
Oh sheesh.  I thought COVID was the worst thing of 2020.
Remember when this channel was named "Binging with Babish"?     Peppridge farm remembers...
Amazing 👍
He really struck gold when he landed Sohla for this show
Loved this episode. Who's house is this?
What are the songs used in this video? Also, congrats Sohla!
Yes yes yes yes YES YES YES YES
I have loved Binging with Babbish and I’m excited to see Soula! I can’t wait to see what happens next. I love  Soula, and I love BWB. 2020 is finally looking up!
Awwww where's the music cred?
Sounds like the MCU better start using the BCU for dining 😂
I love this!!! I'm so happy to be able to see more of Sohla!!!!
WHY THE NAME CHANGE
My god I would not want to see her anywhere else. I mean possibly in the Oval Office but here is a close second🥰
OMG SOHLA!!!!
Yaaay Sohla! So happy to see you back on our screens, and appreciated properly!!
Love it! Time for a history "Basics"
A true labor of love and figuring things out! Not stumped!
our boy Babish gets it, welcome Sohla i hope you get the appreciation AND compensation you deserve here!!!!!
Love it 👍🏻
This is the start of the end
Rockin video
Why are your eyes purple at the beginning
next up, BCU meets MCU
LOVE THIS SO MUCH
BCU finna replace Bon Appetite eventually
Good idea guys. 👏👏
I'm so excited and happy to see this amazing new series! Welcome Sohla!!!!!
i'm so unbelievably happy to see sohla happy with her own show and with andrew, no less! much love xx
this is already my new favorite show on youtube i'm so glad sohla is back!!
So proud of you dude. Can't wait to see more talent join aboard
Bald guys are taking over the internet!
So Babish and Bon Appetit are in the same cinematic universe, cool!
This is great
This is more fun to watch....! I love it! Happy to see Sohla again! Thanks to you Ray!
Omg I love Sohla glad she landed in an awesome place!
This is my favorite show ever now.
YESSSSSSSSSSSS
I really don’t like the new channel name
I'm crying
This makes me so happy!!!
Glad Sohla is on the show! Confused as to if this is not just a spinoff of Hannah hart's edible history show though?
From faceless YouTuber to face of his own cooking channel, proud of you Ray  (Sorry probably not how u spell ur name)
While I love both of these, Babish is good mates with Brad Leone, and wasn't Brad one of those that didn't make a statement regarding the salary of the POCs at BA? I can't see any mention of it at Brads IG. Claire made a statement 3 weeks ago, but she's been busy getting married, so no news there either. Like most I'm just very curious where the BA folks we all loved went.
Yay for Sohla!!!
Not a fan of this show at all.
I see sohla, i click like.
Ah, yes, Vivaldi!
AMAZINNNGGGG.  Found you Sohla!!!
I got a babish ad on a babish video. Holy moly!
👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾 Good for you both
i literally love sohla
Yes, she is the best!
I LOVE THIS. THIS MAKES ME THE HAPPIEST PERSON!!! Sohla deserves her own spotlight! I love this addition to the channel💕💕💕
Spalling occurs because the water content of the concrete expands due to heat.  Can be pretty intense.
What's that? A cooking challenge show that allows a chef's abilities to shine instead of defeating the chef's morale for mass entertainment? A healthy workplace example? Oh, that's right, this isn't BA.
Good job on this I like the idea
I love this. Sohla is such an interesting person. Love her personality, her brains, and her skills! Glad she gets her own show!!
Bon Apetit screwed Sohla and her minority colleagues and Babish saw an opportunity. Not a bad play..
Can we get a Brad cameo?
NICE
"As we savor the flavors and aromas of the 18th century!" -Jon Townsend- I mean Binging With Babish.
Sohla is too precious for this world
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died."   Lmao. I can't wait for more of this
This is amazing, I really hope some of the BA chefs start something like this or even their own YouTube channel! Really missing Claire, Molly and Brad :(
First video I've seen with Sohla.      I love her
I might have just missed it but has babish done a house tour video for his new house? And follow up question is this video filmed in his back yard?
So she finally shows her face again after taking down one of the biggest, most popular, and what was a personal favorite youtube channel of mine, the various shows from the BA Test Kitchen. I will just go ahead and say what so many have been thinking: anyone who believes Sohla wasn't paid as much at BA because she isn't white is so fucking ridiculously far up their own ass that they can't see shit. Did it ever occur to anyone that maybe she didn't get paid as much as the other stars who had been on the channel for several years because she had literally not even been there for even a year yet? Jesus Christ people, she was one of the more popular personalities on the channel, she could have ABSOLUTELY renegotiated her contract with the company and gotten paid whenever that time came. Instead, she just bitches about it on twitter to the social justice mob and takes down the whole network, and all of her co-stars with her, leaving the rest of them and us pretty much just high and dry with no more options. That is shitty, I don't care what anyone says.   Everyone knows she would have definitely gotten her own show at BA and gotten PAID if she wouldn't have fucked it up for everyone else. And listen, Rappoport was a lot of things; a pretentious, annoying, elitist, douche bag whose appearances I never watched on the the BA channel, but he is not a racist, folks. Give me a fucking break. You really think an elite, east coast, culinary magazine editor-in-chief in NYC like him is a racist and specifically targeted people like Sohla and paid them less because of the color of their skin? That is so fucking ridiculous to believe that it is beyond words. Grow the fuck up, people. Use your fucking brains. There is absolutely no way Sohla would not have gotten paid big bucks if she would have just had a little patience. It is pretty standard for newly hired people to have to do a lot of work with a smaller paycheck than their coworkers who have been on the job for years, and this situation is no different. Now Sohla is just gonna kick back and enjoy her Babish Bucks while the rest of the BA test kitchen is totally fucked and left out of work. It is really beyond angering to me that she caused all of this bullshit and ruined one of the best channels on youtube over some self-entitled nonsense, and I just had to say something. If you think I am a racist for using common sense, I could not give less of a fuck. Downvote this all you want, it is the truth, and it's time someone fucking said it. I used to like Sohla a lot, but now I am struggling to find those feelings for her anymore. I hope the rest of the test kitchen staff is able to find their own voices and rebuild on another channel or outlet. They did absolutely nothing wrong in this situation and are now being unfairly punished for it.
Amazing to see how far Babish has come. No other person makes cooking as entertaining as Babish and for him to start expanding and getting more people on this is great.
I don't comment often, but I really have to applaud this channel, Sohla, Babish, and everyone involved in the process. This is very uplifting, wholesome and a beautiful example of taking lemons and making lemonade. Cannot wait for the next episode. This series is going to mean a lot to so many people.
This is exactly what I wanted.
Sohla is too pure for this world ❤️❤️❤️
*Condé Nast left the chat*
This made my week honestly
Wet rocks/cement and fire are not friends
He actually just changed the name to the Babish Culinary Universe, the mad lad
why yes i am back to watch and comment a 2nd time just to show love and support for sohla
Please make BCU merch!
So happy for Sohla !! Well deserved and good collaboration !
Now we need Claire
"They just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died".  Me, with a lot of cheese in my mouth: .....What? *continues eating cheese*
"Back then people just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died".  Man, I miss the golden ages...
I love Sohla <3
This that king shit. Love you man. I’m so happy to be a viewer
I’m definitely going to try using spelt in mac in cheese
subbed for Sohla!!
After you guys run out if ideas you should challenge Sohla to do a tiny kitchen episode (as a reference to her humble beginnings) with a professional tiny kitchen set up like the @tinychefshow on tiktok!!!
This is amazing and I wish I had a backlog of episodes to binge! Sohla is so funny and knowledgeable. So excited for more of this series!
the hot dog trying to escape xD i love it
Watched and liked because of Sohla
This is awesome! Sohla is great. Will you stump her? Doubtful.
Anyone else noticed when you visited his channel since a long time it’s now called Banish culinary universe?
ALSO TOWNSENDS COLLAB WHEN
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died" -Sohla El-Waylly
In case anyone wasn't aware, Barilla came out a few years ago advocating strongly for ""traditional family units"". Their position might have changed in recent years, but that information has influenced my pasta purchasing choices
Sohla <3
YOOOOOOOOOO! HELL YEAH SOHLA
I love Sohla! now just get Claire and my life is complete!
oh my god this is lovely, im definitely looking forward to more
I am SO here for this!!! So excited for the future of this channel!!!
This is so exciting! ❤️
So i noticed he mentioned that his team grew, which implies more than just Sohla. That and the fact that he changed his channel name makes me wanna know: who else from the BA Test Kitchen just got the best new home.
This is amazing!!!!
Where the hell is Jas Townsend & Sons.
Ooooohhhh I’ve missed Sohla❤️
I'm so happy this happened lol sohla and babish is perfect BA didn't deserve her anyway.
Love, love, love....can’t wait for more!!!!
Sohla is so delightful. I didn’t realize how much I missed her until this very moment
Make together breakfast from Steven universe
Townsend & Sons did a great one. Check them out to “savor the flavors of the 18th century”
Ppl dont know how to start a fire?!
Spätzle was a good choice.  This dish is similar to Käsespätzle (minus the onions).
Do you think you can do the heritage turkey or one of the turkey recipes/meals that Bob is obsessed with every Thanksgiving from Bob's burgers? (Because it's fall and everything)🤷💖🤗 I just kind of really want to see the process of someone cooking it like that in real life (burning the flavored toothpicks and different materials.... I'm not sure what he used for the rub though) 😟
That patio looks fresh did no one burn a hot fire before this? rocks and pavers will pop and break you need a real hot overdone fire the first few times to make it happen a bunch so it doesn't later.
please change the name back i beg of you
Well I didn't know I needed this in my life - turns out as usual, Andrew - you were correct!! I DID need this in my life!! Sohla is gorgeous!
Yaaaaasss SO excited to see what’s to come!! And even more excited to see Sohla happy and finally able to spread her culinary wings while being appropriately appreciated!!!
what happened to binging with babish
TFW babish is so famous Andrew is in the YouTube ad on his own video!?
I adore the shit out of Sohla! 😫😍😘
Love Sohla and I love this new show! ❤️❤️
Wait are we not supposed to be eating as much cheese as we can till we die? I thought that was the point?
Nice
LOVE SOHLA!! So glad she has found a way to stay on YouTube after the fallout with that *other* channel (that shall not be named)
Yes! So happy she has a platform to represent her knowledge and corky personality!
SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sohla rocks that 🔥 like a pro! And the spatsel looked GOOD!!!
You should make the unus auuns burger
We are in the best timeline
Yay Sohla!
I love Sohla! Thank you so much.
whos this bozo pretending to be babish
Binging with Babish was better, why have you done this, answer me Babish, i know you're reading this
SO EXCITED FOR SOHLA!
Needs more nutmeg.
That was great and we also know not to put a firepit on concrete.  Look forward to the next show.
Did not like.
Omggggg SOLA!!!!! it's was soooo nice seeing u 🥺
Two things: First, I love her already. Second, did gameshow host Babish have tiny wisks in his pocket? 😂😂😂
The whisks in his breast pocket 💀
Damn cooking 18th century sure is a workout
Why did the show change so much? I miss the old babish :(
This gave me hardcore Wheel of the Worst vibes. One of those categories should have something to do with Star Wars, AIDs, and 9/11; AKA "The Big Three." :P
Sohla is the bestttt🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
this is SO great lol im so so glad to see this. cant wait!
SOHLA
I LOVE THIS
Subbed for Sohla
Sohla I love you!!!!!
Woo so.glad you have expanded and picked up an amazing personality to the Universe !!
Five hours and several fragments of overly heat treated concrete later... She was successful in the end.   Kinda reminds me of the Bear Stew episode Andrew did a little while back with the open fire cooking method and such.
Yes! Sohla! :D Welcome Sohla! :D
😮 it's one of those cool giles From BA
I love Sohla so much 😂💕
Two of my most favorite people😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😂😂
Wait till the after credits reveal that banish is a part of the MCU. IM NOT CRAZY!!!
I’m saying it now... BCU (Babish Culinary Universe) > MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe)  And  Babish = Robert Downey Jr.
Good to see Sohla again
Congratulations on expanding your channel and brand. Double thumbs up for hiring one of BAs best chefs. BCU FTW.
A historic moment! Can't wait for the rest
It genuinely hurts to read “Babish Culinary Universe” instead if “Binging with Babish.” This is new pain.
Honestly thought that was Babish In the thumbnail thought he just dressed up like RDR 2
New favorite video series alert!!
Great job Sohla! Can’t wait for more episodes!
I read Sohla in the title. And I'm awwwww SHIT, this is gonna be AWESOME. And to the birth of the BCU and MORE kickass episodes, featuring Sohla.
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and died"
Boring now
Sohla kicks total ass. Yaasss!!!
This feels like when Mythical entertainment bought smosh. What have we learned about capitalism and big corporations?
Nice but if you want some real history cooking 18th Century Cooking with John Townsend & Sons youtube is infinitely better than this and doesn’t make 18th century cooking look like a joke.
I love you Sohla! Thanks for bringing her on Andrew  :D
We love seeing sohla looking happy
Woohoo I felt they needed their own series
Good vid
Im so excited about this duo
if this is really a new segment i'm exited, i loved sohlas content from bon ap
Why did u change the channel name?
love this
I'm very concerned this series format is dumb but sohla kind of saved it because she's entertaining.
SOHLA!!!!!!!😍😍😍😍
“Sohla doesn’t bill well” my ass. 1.4 million views
AMAZING JOB! HAVING SOHLA ON THE CHANNEL WITH A SHOW FOR HER, AMAZING! Sohla we are so happy you are getting the spotlight deserve, wishing you all the best
So stoked to see Sohla again ! ! loved her on BA
Babis ad for a banish video
The watch kinda throws off the illusion
Love this !
What the hell is make it sad? Give her a puppy and shoot it?
queen of making 18th century mac and cheese
Sohla’s constant exhaustion/enthusiasm is a solid mood
I love that hes getting brand deals and doubling down by making them the adds for his videos
based?
Anyone noticed he changed his name?
The greatest crossover of our time indeed, on your bike BA
Instead of reheating Mac&cheese in the microwave, do it in a frying pan. It's alot better
Oh man this was so good, keep up the awesome work, great new format!
this is so wholesome..  giving her the platform that got taken from her / she didn't get properly paid for... now that's a powerful uno reverses . we stand that 💕
Sohla!!!!! So great to see her again 😃
I’m CACKLING at when she threw the mitts triumphantly onto the bench 😂😂😂😂
She should have used the true staple of the 18th century: the measuring cup
i got emotional over the name change ngl, but i am very proud of everything you have accomplished and excited to see how the channel will grow!!
Yay Sohla!!!
First off, this is great, I'm so happy this is happening and that we get to see Sohla be a brilliant genius chef on her terms!  ALSO  Was that wrought iron fork of Babish's made by The Crucible? Because it looks like it came from The Crucible. (I have the spoon)
This video is fantastic! Can't wait to see more of what Sohla will create
HA SUCK IT BA! BCU killed it!
Is this scripted like the ba was, or just set up with some gag things and to let her be herself on the show?
\o/
She's straight up the best love love love
i'm so happy and delighted with this
You could have checked with Townsends!
THE FIRE'S SHOOTING AT US
This made me so happy and genuinely tear up a little...I’m so happy and excited to binge watch without the guilt. Thank you Babish and welcome back to Cook-tube Sohla!
Townsend and sons already covered 18 century mac and cheese.
Ooooohhhhhh I can't contain my excitement!!!!!!!!!!😄😊 That was awesome👍👊😄
I clicked expecting a new Townsends video.  I found Babish instead. I thought it would be an epic crossover.  I've never felt so incorrect in my life.
Great to hear Sohla landed in a good spot.
YAAAAASS
I LOVE SOHLA!!  Can't wait to see this series!
Sohla!!!!! 💖💖💖 I'm so glad she has her own show!!!!
WHEN DO WE GET A NEW SUPER COOK BABISH
I ship them
Wish I could like it twice. So good to Sohla working her magic in front of the camera again!
petition to name the wheel “sohla el-wheely”
So is basics gone?
OH MY GOD I LOVR SOHLA SO MUCH
she looks like an old version of dora
I like Sohla she adds flavor and character to your channel... no pun intended
all i hope is that you pay her
Yaaaay!!! Sohla! This makes me so happy. This will be a great show
Oh HELLZ YEAH!
Can u please do the together breakfast from Steven Universe.
So....denim did exist at the time. You totally could have worn overalls. It wasn't common by any means, and a woman would never have been wearing it let alone pants made out of it. But it existed. It's from France.
Yayyyy Sohlaaaaa! So happy you are here 🥺❤️
I really loved the first Sola episode!!! So glad she’s back
I love this🥰
“Did they have mac and cheese in the 18th century?” “I have no idea.” My dear beautiful friends, have you never heard of Thomas Jefferson introducing M&C to America?!
Whoever installed that firepit put your health and safety at considerable risk. Firepits should be lined with firesafe bricks. Concrete is porous and gases expand when they heat up.
All the ex members of BA should do their own thing, welcome Sohla!!!!!!
So pleased to see this and can't wait to see the rest. x
brand new name, no more BWB. i'm gonna miss it
I hope Babish called that contractor about the cracking concrete on fire lol
SOHLA!!! i'm so happy!! andrew, this is going to be a great ride!! i'm so excited for both of you!
Awesome!! Keep it up
Cool video, just so you know plenty of recipes existed back then, Jeffersonian style was developed then too. Check out the Townsends channel for 18th century recipes!
LOL The rich layers of delightful snark here!!! Sohla is probably one of the only cooks outside of Victorian Way's Mrs. Crocombe who can hold her own against Babish and maybe even show him up! You two are adorable together!
Has any body noticed that he chanced the channel name
LOVE IT
WHEEL UNFORTUNATE THO...
love Sohla
Someone slurped up some ex-Bon Appetit staff
I appreciate the idea but is such a gimmick necessary? I love your channel for the knowledge and presentation. Anyway, best of luck.
Love you, Sohla!
They wanted you to be more diverse
Yay!  I <3 Sohla!
Sohla!!! This was an amazing first episode.
What a great collab.
I have been here since 2017-18. From apartment studio into brand new BCU. 👍
When Dora grows up and stop exploring
When will the BCU overtake the MCU?
Yup, this was the move. Snatch up Sohla and expand your Youtube universe FOR HER - this is just smart.
This. Mad respect. My fan status just entered “hardcore”
Meh
Trending wow just wow I never thought I'd see the day
I would have liked to see some attempt of research done at least, but I love Sohla and I'm here for her
ba: doesn’t give sohla a show babish: immediately gives sohla a show
Why is she Dora?
Audio is terrible here.
Now for Sohla’s next magic trick.... tempering chocolate in the 18th century manner.
Make the tri-colored sausage from ordinary sausage.
I'm so happy about the growth of the channel, gonna miss the old name though. All the best bro :)
Proud of you Babish (and Sohla!)! This is a great pivot for the channel, I look forward to more!
y the name change
I really love this. All the kitchen equipment is "from" the 18th century.  This feels so wholesome ❤
This makes me so undeniably happy. 😭💕💖
It's not a good idea to watch this man under the influence of pot.....😂😂😂😂  Got a new sub here!
You have such a punch-able face
Yay!
i wish it was more strict with rules, like make the cheese and no cheating. it feels like hardly a challenge when the hardest part is make a fire which she really didnt make. love sohla though so hopefully it gets refined
Got a Hidden Valley ad ft. Babish just before this... Wtf ?
I love this!
Its that woman that ruined Bon Appetite
This is awesome! So happy for Sohla Is Babby gonna adopt anyone else from BA?
Babish you are AWESOME for this! Sohla finally getting everything she deserves!
I must say..You Americans are surely thinking a little too much of yourself. Not even being able to do 18th century cooking techniques. I wonder how do you even imagine Medieval times..
am i now the weird european guy who just knows how to do stuff like this, because my grand ma taught me?
yessssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Not gonna lie, if someone were to ask how I wanted to die, I would say "by cheese overdose".
Awesome job. Amazing rendition of Mac and cheese.
I love this girl.
This is so wholesome 💖 so happy for Sohla, it's what she deserves!
Sola is amazing and I love how you are giving her her own voice! Will always watch and support you both.
I want to eat it. It's so foreign lol
Love this
I'm noticing "Make It Sad" on the wheel
You guys should collaborate with Townsends!!!! He did this exact dish in an episode!
i mean i appreciate the effort, but a 18th century mac & cheese could've looked p.much identical to a modern one, everything in there was already invented (including yknow, indoor kitchens)
This entire video feels a bit like a fever dream but I'm not complaining
Sohla has the most adorable dimples ever and is an excellent host. This show is going to be awesome!
this video is sooo fun
Little Sohla on the Prairie LOL
They had stoves in the 18th century.
The audience has spoken. We want a John Townsend crossover.
Please do more historical recipes! So interesting!
I will watch every one of these these that you put out
But shes ugly
Babish you genius, finally Sohla gets her own show and it rules!
YESSSSSSS SOHLA
As amazing as this was, I had totally forgotten what was cooking about half way through because I was so intrigued.
I am so happy about this new show. I hope Sohla is having the time of her life now <3
Oh gosh I love Solha too! Shes awesome!!
im crying ive missed sohla SO MUCH
I see Solha. I click. I watch. This is all.
Why does she look like a umpaloompa
Wonder how Jess feels.
sohla is so wonderful i’m excited
YESSS I LOVE THIS
sohla is so wonderful i’m excited
Get that scrilla, Sohla!
I’m so happy to see Sohla in the BCU!!
Love this!
This could be SOOOO much better.... Sohla is brilliant. Give her a platform to actually share her talent to help home cooks in practical/relevant ways.
Also, I would actually love to see some portion of the research that Sohla might do, and/or more of her thought process.
This is a huge power move!!
She’s hilarious 😂 “look at the cheese, huh huh!? ...you don’t care”
I never liked or wathed babish but man is he now my hero
This was so great! Looking forward to more (and hopefully longer) episodes with Sohla.  Also the end dish looked delicious. Can't believe I didn't know about this channel before
Loved seeing Sohla just being Sohla.  Excited to see more!
Yes sohla!
OMG!!! THANK YOU FOR HAVING SOHLA!!!! I love her soooo much!!!!
Hey, algorithm, more Sohla, please.
This makes me very happy
m Naa
Subscribing for Sohla! We missed you!
Sohla lowkey do be kinda cute though :P
Amazing! Love it
Subscribed because Sohla
Wait, they did this video without talking to TownSends??????? His whole channel is basically 18th Century cooking.
Jesus died for you was buried and rose again on the third day according to the scriptures.  If you confess with your mouth Jesus is lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead you will be saved. Please repent of your sins and accept Jesus Christ as your lord and savior
I love her!! 😃 Glad to see Sohla, she’s awesome
BEST. COMBO. YESSSS
Babish, thank you!  The internet needed Sohla back on the videos somewhere that values her.
Subscribed for Sohla
Babsy I love you for this you magnificent dough boy
Sohla, back to the chocolate factory
Sohla!! Yes!!
We love Sohla!! You'd better be treating her right, Babish.
2:28 We still do that here in Wisconsin
pls use 60 fps ur hands look better
❤ so excited!
Sohla has the best sense of humor.
more sohla!!!!
Omg, this show made me laugh so hard. "ooeh, huh, huh. You don't care." 🤣
i too enjoy permanent eye damage
10/10 thumbs up for Sohla, and Babish' beard.
I am so incredibly excited to see Sohla on the channel!
love to see sohla gettin' those views!!
Stump! Get it!? Wood? Trees? Stump? Clever girl...
sohla absolutely shines when shes given free reign!! i cant wait to see what else is in store
Awww so nice to see Tina Belcher all grown up
A GIANT AIR HUG FOR BABISH! (subscribed to u just in time😆😆😆😆😆😆)
If this was Claire, just have her temper chocolate lol
Couldn't be happier to see this video. Babish has such a huge fucking heart. After learning all about BA's turmoil it felt so awesome for you to make this show all about her. You both deserve every good thing that comes from this path.
I have been a fan of yours for years. So much so that while I have love for all culinary videos, I have an admitted bias toward classic Babish-style videos. That being said, I absolutely LOVE Sohla, and this is such an amazing concept and new adventure. Cheers to you both, and congrats on all of the wonderful successes you have had. Here's to many more!!!
Absolutely adore you are supporting the exceptionally talented Sohla!
Huh... Yes, I like.
This has made me so happy!!!
My Oma has a Czech noodle press for spätzle, It weighs 10 lbs. we should’ve been doing it this easy way the whole time.
I wasn't expecting the hot dogs. Always seemed like a more modern poor person's thing.
SOHLA!!!
Babish is about to poach the entire BA crew
nobody asked for this
Could you make a dish with rice cakes?! It’s my favorite!! ❤️
our gifted princess is BACK she deserved to be respected so much
What a cheesy beginning, love it!
Hell yes, Sohla is awesome!
What's cool about this??? Someone failing at every step is cool these times?
Not gonna lie, I think I'll try this in the near future. It's 2020 after all.
I liked it when you said fuck you to racists
YES MY TWO FAVS
I wish all my tv channels were as thought out as everything in the BCU. Damn, even the adds were done by Babish!
Omg I love Sohla!
I just teared up a little, it’s not called binging with banish anymore...
Now you need to hire Hunzi!
You. Are. A. Blessing.
This dude has been robbing BA I love it
3:25 I was so worried about the flint chip in your eye!  Those things can get stuck in there and cause some serious damage.  Also, love the new show! :D
This man is in the ads on his channel? 💀 whaaaa
I love how your supporting sohla and collaborating with her especially since she had to leave her other job
YAS YAS YAS
We’re here to support Sohla!
Not digging the new name, sounds a bit too much
hand in marriage please sohla!!!
YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This makes the world a little less intense. SOHLA for LIFE!!!!  <3 <3 <3 <3
YEEEEEES SOHLA IM SO HAPPY THIS IS HAPPENING I LOVE HER AND I LOVE BABISH THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Sohla got her own show. It’s what she deserves. 😭
Welcome Sohla! This is the best and I can’t wait for more!
Subscribing just because of Sohla <3
Extremely unsurprised that Babish has such a tasteful backyard
Too stupid for words
Sohla could dance circles around Babish. She's phenomenal.
When did he change his channel name?
Damn everyone making Expanded Cinematic Universes these days.
This is the level of awkward joy that I live for. So glad Sohla finally got her own show!
Ooh, I love spätzle! With roasted pork and spinach, yum!
I'm so excited for more episodes!!!! notifs on :, )
Oh my gosh!!! This is the best news ever!!!! She's soooo AWESOME!!! I saw all the shitty stuff the bonapp has pulled and I'm SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS NEWS!!!  Super loving the video btw ^^
I AM SO HAPPY
All hail Sohla! 🖤
I really didn't like this. I came to this channel because it was professional while not being too over produced. I don't like the wheel, the editing where she is just talking about something unrelated instead of the actual recipe, the camera angles could use work, and the "technical difficulties" thing is completely out of character for this channel. I like the host, but the script and production is not what I came for. I'll give this show more of a try, but I'm very apprehensive.
This was so enjoyable I was literally smiling if not laughing the entire time. Sohla continues to be amazing as always!
Diggin the name change 🤙🏻
SOHLAAAA!!! 🥰🥰
4:32 so that’s what Cardi meant by “macaroni in a pot”
But who doesn't wanna eat all the cheese and then die?! 🤔😬
Glad to see you back Sohla . Well played Babish.... well played.
I love Sohla, and I love this idea.
I got a binging with babbish ad, the only ad I care for
i fucking love sohla. sohla is my jam. my chutney. my achar.
Wouldn't mind hearing more of the history considering it was the challenge, but overall success. I like the show.
Yesssssssssss
Sohla quickly became my favorite member of BA. Incredibly intelligent, talented, personable and charming, and hot as all get out. I’m so glad she will be making content here with you Babish. You couldn’t have brought a better chef on your team if you tried.
I am DELIGHTED!!!!!
Love it! Please give us more sohla! 😁
I am so happy for you Sohla much love💗
This is easily the best thing that’s ever happened ever
Hijacked? Farewell, Mr. Ish. 👋🏼
BCU?  Sohla is here?  OMG YES!!!
Perfect companion piece to Morgan Donner's 18th century tie-dye dress
I love everything about this and I'm so ready for more.
This is awesome.
This fulfills all of my YouTube culinary needs
YES
Gameshow style intro? No plz. Sohla? Yes plz.
Yes. Just yes. And, also more. Yes, more, please.
SOHLA HAS RETURNED! PRAISE THE CULINARY GODS
New favorite show!
I don't just like this, I fucking love this!!! Sohla is so talented.
Way to go Sohla! Congrats! I can't think of anyone more deserving of their own show!
It's great to see
I just got a hidden ranch valley ad with babish in it while watching this.
Qaesespaetzle is definitely early mac and cheese
Bawse move!! YES!
I'm gonna miss the BWB name ngl
where are your face masks tho
That was so so good! Congrats Sohla and congrats Andrew!!!
yes yes yes and a hundred times yes, stellar move hiring Sohla
I assume she's getting paid this time
They had cheese and cooking ranges in the 18th century, even in the Americas. They may have cooked over an open fire for some things, as they still do, but it was by no means the only way.
49TH ON TRENDING!!!
Käsespätzle gang
Sohla will get paid what she is worth, right?
Dude, you literally made Käsespätzle.
I am literally so excited!!
i am so unbelievably excited for this
I love Sohla and look forward to more videos with her! For whomever did the on-screen text - it's spelled "Spätzle" (or "Spaetzle" if you don't have the umlaut; all German nouns are capitalized). Sohla's pronunciation at 8:17 was pretty good. :)
SOHLA
Beat Babish? Wasn't there some rule about *cough*fight club*cough*?
It would be great if you made a ‘Rusty on Rye’ from Spongebob Squarepants!
Im gonna miss Baking with Babish as a name but im really glad that new people have been added to the team 🥺
10/10  Will I watch again? Yes. Will I try to make this? Yes.
Does this mean that there will be others joining the BCU?
Bloody hell so u are saying, that mac‘n cheese evolved out of the German Käsespätzle? I’m German and it is one of my favorite dishes. That is hella funny :)
Hell yeah, Sohla is back!
hey bot to be that guy but maybe  do a psa about not building fires on concrete because it will explode
This was wonderful
why would people give this a thumbs down. it was so enjoyable. love this and looking forward to seeing more of these.
YAY SOHLA
Stole jas. Townsends’ entire channel smfh. Disliked.
Bro now it’s BCU? damn
Luv, luv, luv Sohla!!!  So good to watch you again!!!
Yaeah Sohla!!
This was me making dinner on a 20" grill on the balcony when our power was out for 3 days in August. Except, dry udon instead of fresh pasta. And only a cast iron skillet. Small, open, woodfires are frustrating to cook on
Look at the views guys....just the view says it all...it was a perfect move at the perfect time!!
WELCOME SOHLA!!! LOVE YOU
Sohla and Babish have great chemistry.
I love how I got an ad that had a guy that looks like babish
SO glad to get more Sohla on my screen! Thanks for supporting great talent, Andrew!
There is still a recipe like this in a Southern German region called "Baden-Württemberg". It's called "Käsespätzle" which means nothing else like Spätzle with cheese. Sometimes they also add also a cream sauce.
This brings me SO MUCH JOY!!! What a team up!
Can't explain how excited I am. This is great! Stoked for the BCU!
The meta. Just got a ad for hidden valley ranch with babish in it
Loving the 70s aesthetic... And as someone who eats Spätzle with cheese (and caramelized onions) about every other month, I can confirm what we already know: Sohla's vast culinary knowledge will be a wondrously welcome addition to the... BCU, was it?
I am so glad to have Shola back! Thanks Andrew!
isnt sohla the one who ruined Bon appetit with leftist dribble ?
Not bad bug if she just watched towndends channel on youtube she would have known exactly how to make it without having to worry about it not turning out.
18th century mac and cheese.  Townsends: a new challenger approaches
Totally rad he got sohla on the show now
Yes my queen !! Its amazing see her talent being recognized u are a a savy business man babish
Sohla!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Sohla! Subbed for Sohla
SO excited for this series! ❤
So happy Sohla has her own show, can't wait to see more!
NO I WANT BABISH
TEAM SOHLA FTW
You definitely  need to speak with whoever built that fire pit about a refund. Might also discuss the use of fire brick before they actually hurt somebody.
HELL YEAAAAHHHHHHH
This is the most incredible and beautiful thing on the internet. Period. Thanks, y'all. :D
Culinary Universe... very grand
💙💜❤️🧡💛💚 YES! To all of this! YES!
Honestly the best part is how much fun it seems like she is having! So excited for more episodes of this!
this is how to correctly use your platform
Ugh mrs. Crocombe could never
All in favour of Babish hiring the whole of the former Bon Appetite test kitchen chefs to the BCU?
So happy you are giving Sohla the platform, recognition, and support she deserves <3 she is such a ray of sunshine and so intelligent and deserves this and so much more
90% of the comments are “they ate all the cheese they wanted and died”
hah i feel like babish was super nervous but in a cute way
YESSSSSSSS GLORIOUS
Aww no more binging with babish :( I will miss that name
💜
HE GAVE HER A SHOW WLAKASKSKDJDK OMFG SHE SO DESERVES THIS 🤍🤍
Sohla deserves her coins!!!!!!!
I FUCKING LOVE SOHLA SO MUCH IVE WATCHED HER ON BA FOR SO LONG AHHH LOVE YOU SOHLA
She basically made kässpätzle 👌🏾😍
😂 I love it
This is what I want!!!!
Guys i'm sending my thoughts and prayers... hope the wheel gets better!
Zoinks! THE Sohla El-Waylly! Oh wow, that's like taking a five star show and adding a sixth star! I am delighted!
BCU > BA
Sohla blink twice if you’re not being paid
sohla stumped the firepit 😂
This is a great addition to the channel! Thank you so much Babby for constantly brining us joy
If Sohla is here, you just got another subscriber :)
I can't lie. Without reading any title and taking a quick look at the video tab I thought it was snow white cooking some stew for the 7 dwarfs. But then I was like hey that's Sohla
Love love love this!!! Can't wait to see more from Sohla and the BCU!
Part of me is sad I never got to see any of Sohla’s work at BA. Part of me is glad because that means I didn’t lend my support to a place that would discriminate against someone so great.   You folks knocked it out of the park. Sohla I’m now a convert and a huge fan. You did a bang up job and I’m so excited to see where this goes.
"I think I'll use a lot of cheese... because back then they died young..." sounds right to me
This entire video was brilliant, but I absolutely *love* the bloopers at the end
YEEESSSSSSSS
this is the greatest thing I’ve ever watched
this is amazing
This is all well and good, but I need to know if Sohla is being paid well! I don’t want another repeat of BA, Andrew! Please!
so excited about this show!!! thank you for everyone involved!! seeing sohla makes me happy 🥳🥳🥳🥳 amazing and funny as always!!!
I’m so hyped for this
we have never loved you more baby
I love Sohla’s creativity. In this format it feels like she is squeezed into a mold. Not fun to watch knowing of what she is capable.
❤❤❤❤ Sohla!!!!!!!!!
Jorts Babish.... really?!?!
Missed opportunity to collaborate with Townsends.
Hell yeah, so happy to Sohla back on a channel and killing it.
Yay Sohla!
Babish is god
when you get an ad with andrew in it while watching this channel :o
Yeah!!!  So glad to see Sohla here.  😁
Sohla IS great. She’s always been Amazing. Anyone who says otherwise is just diluted. I’ve missed her online presence, and I’m so happy to see that she’s working with Babish! Fantastic.
SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! ❤️
Congrats on growing the channel and for having bad ass Sohla with you!
Yo THE HERO WE NEED. Go Sohla!
Babish, you should reach out to the channel "Townsends" he has a series on 18th century cooking and more 18th century stuff.
She looks like an oompa-loompa that expands in water
Here for this! Sohla looks so happy ❤️
craving new ranch recipes?
Excellent first hire for the BCU!
i feel so very thankful that she is getting the spotlight that she deserves. thanks for giving us what we wanted and supporting her culinary genius
Käsespätzle is still a big thing in Austria and Germany - so good. I even have a Spätzle device in my kitchen lol
At around three minutes...    I am having this wierd, unknown feeling, like, I can Teach Sohla about fire. Wierd. Me. Teach her something?! I know, its making me feel funny too...  I am wood ninja. I am fire troll. I am here if you need me!! ;)
loved Sohla, lots of fun watching her. but how does the bottom of a fire pit explode from heat?!
this felt like something tasty or bon appetite would make
Looooove this|! can't wait for the  next episode
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos🎈Non-Duality
SOHLA!!!♡♡♡ you know...
saturday
The first modern recipe for macaroni and cheese was included in Elizabeth Raffald's 1770 book, The Experienced English Housekeeper. Raffald's recipe is for a Béchamel sauce with cheddar cheese—a Mornay sauce in French cooking—which is mixed with macaroni, sprinkled with Parmesan, and baked until bubbly and golden. Another recipe from 1784 stated that the small tubes of macaroni must be boiled, then drained in a sifter before being moved to a frying pan. Heavy cream is then added to the macaroni along with a "knob of butter" rolled in flour, and it must be cooked for five minutes before being transferred to a dish and topped with toasted Parmesan and pepper.[8] The famous British Victorian cookbook Mrs Beeton's Book of Household Management included two instances of "Macaroni, as usually served with the Cheese Course". One of them states:
BWB was better 😭
You might be expexting, and that';s where the video ends for me.
SOHLAAAAA
Thank you for bringing Shows back to our screens. This makes me very happy. Can't wait to see what else the BCU will bring us
Yess so excited for this series!
HOW COULD YOU FORGET THE NUTMEG?!
wow.. before the vid even started i saw babish in an ad... hes out here makin money moves 😳😳
When will the Babish cookware, kitchen tools, hand towels, bottled sauces, spice collections and pet food come out?  Andrew Rea or Rachel Ray?   I’m gonna go out on a limb and say you of three years ago may like today’s wallet, but would hate today’s sell out show :/  BCU, please...
This was the most wholesome pairing of the minds. Love it!
It's kind of sad/concerning that there are grown adults who don't know how to start a fire...
Can't wait for more episodes! This was fun!
Someone had commented or BA to give Sohla a show like this but then they crashed and burned
Solaaahhhhh is back 🙌🙌🙌🙌
The editing on this 😆👌🏽
Amazing this changes everything the shows rlly expanding
How long before history repeats itself?  I welcome the breaking of bad habits.
miss swan
Oh no...you’ve sold out
Sohla 🙌🏽
insta like. i will support this series. love u sohla 🤍
SOHLA!
9:48 That's ironic because of all the objects in this video a table fork (as opposed to using a fork to cook) is the most modern one and only became common in English speaking America in the very late 18th century. [I wish I had made this one up and no idea why I would be wasting brain space with this knowledge..]
Nice to see Sohla found a new YouTube home kindof, after BA. I know she has other stuff going on, but still ...
Up front, I enjoyed this. But I'm also disappointed. I wish, if she was going to make 18th century mac and cheese, that she might have done at least a little bit of research on 18th century cooking.  Cooking was generally done in a kitchen - in an oven or a purpose-built hearth. Fine flour was common. So were salt, pepper, and a variety of spices. Macaroni and cheese is mentioned in a cookbook from 1390 Denim and corduroy both existed (but cotton was expensive) They did not typically have communal ovens. If you didn't have a bread oven then you bought bread at the market.  I work at an 18th century living history museum and have spent many a happy (and tasty) hour hanging out in the kitchens where these techniques are employed every day.
Obsessed! Can’t wait for more episodes!
SOHLA!!!!
Yay! So happy to see Sohla and weirdly proud that Spätzle was the first episode ❤  - Swabian Expat
I'm still in denial that BA is gone
Just the other day I was hoping Babish would start doing historical dishes, and now I see this (☉｡☉)....please start doing historical dishes (╥﹏╥)
Thanks for joining BCU Sohla!
I know that Andrew would probably be really uncomfortable if we aggressively shipped him with anyone, and I'm sorry, but this is my new otp and I'm reserving the right to make this a fandom if you're gonna call it a universe.
'huh, huh!!  You don't care."  LOL
Why would you have a fire directly on concrete. Whoever made that sad excuse for a pit should stay away from building anything
SOHLA!!!! So happy to see her here on your platform.
Oh my. I guess you threw your flints into the pit before attempting to light the fire the second time. Hence the explosion at 5:05
So happy to see Sohla!!!
its funny she starts a fire while wearing an apple watch
I didn't realize this was the Babish channel and clicked thinking it was Townsends because  of the style  of the thumbnail and title. Also, i'm super stoked to have Sohla here,I watched both channels for so long it's like a dream come true to see my favorties together   *BON APPE-BABISH*
Comments: "Give Sohla her own show"  BA: "Not only will we not, but we won't pay her properly either"  Babish: *Gives Sohla a show*
PLEASE BRING GABY ON TOO!!
I'm only 2 minutes into the video and I already love it. Keep up the good work Andrew and Sohla! Can't wait to see what else you have in store for us.
omg what a duo
IT'S SOHLA!!!!!! IM GONNA CRY!!!
Sohla just makes me happy.  You should check out @tastinghistory
This is the biggest free agent signing ever
I just had a babish add before this
Hell yes!!!!! We missed Shola!
Finally, something good happened in 2020.  Thank you so much, Mr. Rea.  I eagerly await your next video, Ms. El-Waylly.  You are a rock star!
This was great and Sohla is a treat!
Yesss I love Sohla! I can't wait to see more.
yessss finally a show starring Sohla  I missed her
Please please please either increase your audio mixing or transcribe things with captions instead of auto captioning :(( Impossible to hear when I have auditory issues without cranking the volume up all the way...
I just have to contribute to the praise for you both. This was enjoyable to watch (including the fake game show host) and Sohla is always fun and knowledgeable.
Holding a shotgun mic right up to your mouth is so unnecessary yet hilarious and it's not even plugged in.
This woman’s hilarious!
I love this new collaboration!!!
Babish has LEGS 😱😱😱
Babish has LEGS 😱😱😱
love it!
Honestly BCU Sounds awesome i think it's better than Binging with Babish.
Power move of 2020. I will watch every episode with her!
:)
Now a BCU movie is something id sit 3 plus hours for. Especially starring Sohla, this is amazing
Come for Banish personality and get a whole different personality.... Huh
This is awesome! I love Sohla!
It’s a shame what happened with BA but it’s so cool Sohla ended up here!
Anton chigur, more like Mac-ton Cheese-gur
Really Nice show! I like Sohla. & The firepit exploded from heat....thats one crappy firepit. Go get your money back.
I tought it was a Townseds episode
I love her! She's so adorable. I can't wait to see more videos from this little series ☺️💕
Yayyyyy sohlaaaa
No nutmeg? Aiight imma head out
Kudos for trying something new, but I really have to say I think I'm going to miss the good old "Binging with Babish" format.  Understand you can't do the same thing forever without it getting stale, and possibly even coming to hate doing it.  Gotta say though - I have mixed feelings...
I also like how it was peasant 18th century cooking tools. Like a fancy castle or manor wouldve had a pasta extruder, and ovens and stove tops, but sohla is like 😤 i will cook with nothing but a pot, a pan, a spatula, and open fire AS TWAS DONE BY THE COMMON MAN 💪🍝
Sohla is cute and talented so I'm so happy Babish made a show for her.
I don't care for this whiny boring momma's girl. I want Claire. She took Claire from me.
Love Sola, more sola please
I'm so excited for this!
gonna need the name of the music in the background
Delightful, and exactly the way that Sohla's talents should be showcased. This was amazing - funny, informative, interesting, well edited. So glad that Sohla's free in the world!! Excellent work, Babish.
SOHLA!!!!
This is super awesome.  Next time invite Townsend and Sons!   And make sure to have Nutmeg ready.
thank fucking gosh
He’s simping at the end
Great new episode!!
the walnut fires makes a lot of sense in the canon
Clicks Video Wait, was it always called the "Babish Culinary Universe"? Video explains name change Good. Good. I'm not Insane... quite yet.   Also. Loved this episode, looking forward to Ep 2!
This is so EFFIN' COOL. So happy to see Sohla! Genius.
nice bach lute suite at 5:30
I'm so happy to see Sohla here, and she gets her own show!! Yas Andrew knows how to recruit them geniuses
I wish I could double like this video...amazing to see Sohla here!
"They ate all the cheese they wanted and then died " .   Not a bad way to go
Waiting for this channel to implode in 3....2....
I absolutely need that amount of cheese in my life
There's a whole manual on how to make mac and cheese from scratch written by Thomas Jefferson in the 1790s.
One day you gonna run out of things to cook
Anyone else get the Hidden Valley Ranch and babish ad before the video? Lol
Hell yeah. Love you Sohla! Brad and Claire next please!
Anyone else thought she was gonna follow the Mrs. Crocombe recipe
Mini pocket whisks!!!
The way he shoved that sharp fork into his mouth 😭
YAYYY. So happy to see Sohla again!!!!
Yaaaaaaasy! I ❤️ Sohla!
No not the name don’t change the name
The name change confused me deeply
this is Thomas Jefferson's mac and cheese
No not the name don’t change the name
If babish is becoming the Disney of cooking shows, swallowing smaller productions, the next acquisition should be the townsends, Townsends Sohla croasover movie when?
9:05 _*Ooh, baby I love your whey....._ Wait, there's no whey?
Sohla is da queen!😍💕 Glad she is on this channel now!!🤍
Congrats people, that was great! Can't wait for more
its a new era🥺
Sohla is great, glad she's joining the BCU
“I think I’m gonna use a lot of cheese, because back then they died young” - maaaaan, I missed sohla so much
What's Claire up to?
Who was the genius that thought a fire pit with a concrete bottom was a good idea?
BCU already exists lol it’s an HBCU but I love the new channel direction. I’ve been here for a long time and love seeing new faces.
Has it been 5 years? Wow.
super happy to see her and her talents put to use again in video content, especially in what seems to be a much healthier environment.
Now recruit Hunzi pleaseeee
Death by cheese
I’m so happy to see sohla again, and to see she has the place she deserves !!
R.I.P Binging With Babish
Huh, I thought this was going to be a video from Townsend & Son. Look them up on YouTube if you're interested in authentic 18th century cooking.
Looks so tasty!  Did the 4 out of 5 hours stump sohla in opening the milk jug? Just kidding :D
I could not be happier that this is happening!
Sohla is simply the best! So happy to see her in a new place!
Will there ever be Claire?
Who the hell disliked? I’m grinning like an idiot.
This all makes me so happy to see 😁
Please cross over to ordinary sausage. Cook something amazing and delicious for him to absolutely destroy it by making it into a sausage.
2:30 "Cause back then, they died young. There was no concern of long term health, people just ate all the cheese they want and died" I don't think this has changed at all, just better pharmaceuticals. People probably eat more cheese now.
yesss! THE MOST POWERFUL CROSSOVER
Thanks for helping shola she deserves everything shes getting ☺️
Change it back.
Squeeeeee I love Sohla I'm so glad to see this collab and some one doing right by her
sooooohlllaaaaaaa
I can see a lot of alliteration in this channels future.
Thank you Babish and congrats to Sohla. The leadership you show by jumping on this opportunity to make something great out of what will be a massive blunder on CNE's part is badass. The new era of entertainment.
The walnut shell story warmed my heart
YAY SOHLA
🥰
Wait so is Sohla still part of ba?
I didn't know that I needed Show Host Babish. But now I do and I'm happy with it. Can't wait to see more
Babish uses hidden valley ranch on pizza?
Good for you my dude I got the ranch x babish ad
Why is the new channel name reminding me of ksiolajidebt to JJ Olatunji?
The wheel, the microphone, the suit, the exit...perfect! 🤪
This would be the only time sohla wont face rasim
*Spätzle not Spaetzel
Binging with Babish was better🙄
Banish in shorts: why
Townsends has entered the chat:  I find the lack of nutmeg in this dish   DISTURBING
This is so dope, I gotta add this to my list
I can't wait for the BCU to grow!
I watched this an had to rewatch Townsends' mac and cheese episode. They go into more of the history of the food. Not to far off from what they did from an actual cookbook from the era! Sohla remains a VERY impressive chef! It's nice to see her have her own show.
Slot of cheese you say..... Bestill my heart.
Excellent addition to the channel
LET’S GO SOHLA!!!
Fantastic video! Not a fan of that stupid fuckin wheel tho.
Brad👀 would be a great addition also Babi
Ohhh never thought I would see her make Spätzle! It's one of my favorite foods of all time!
SO excited that Sohla is back and creating! This new show is up her alley !! Looking forward to watching all her new episodes!! She deserves this so much!! Such a genuine, relatable and kind person!
ngl missing the old bcu production, hope they revert to that
This is incredible. Babish is going to make an empire off the failure of Bon Appétit and he will definitely do it right because he is such an amazing guy. Think about it he's good friends with Brad Leone, now all he needs is Brad to have his own segment like Sohla and Babish is gunna go to the moon! Congrats man so glad I discovered you a year after you made your channel
Yey Sohla💕
Sohla is a legend. Excited for her revenge against BA story arc play out
Interesting color grading choice. I’m not sure how I feel about it yet. The soft low contrast vibes are definitely different.
Now they got me craving for Mac and chz
Thought I clicked on a Townsends video.
9:05 "Ooh, baby, I love my cheese..." 😁
Oh a BCU, I get it, this should be fun 😄-- **eXpLoDiNg CoNcReTe** -- 😐
The quality content I didn’t know I needed. So excited for y’all!
This is amazing !!!
Townsends where you at!!
With all the other options available... like Ice cream and etc... I'm glad that we were given the 18th-century option.
Get brad on board right now babby
andrew should just absorb all of the non-problematic bon appetit chefs
mmm, yeah... that's gonna be a no from me. Sohla single handedly ruined the BA test kitchen... so yeah. a no from me.
I love your videos. I can't believe I haven't been subscribed already. I've been free riding this whole time
Yay!!! I love seeing Sohla with her own show!
I love this!!
Sohla's childhood story is actually the cutest thing I've ever heard!!
Bittersweet but I’ll be here watching. Just for Sohla.
cooking is a art
My nerd ass would have asked what decade in 18th century and also what country/area
YEAAAA Sohla!!!
I was eating mac and cheese when this popped up lel
Love this!
YESS SOHLA WE LOVE YOU
The new channel name is cool and hip but i do not know why kind of have ting of "corporate" sound to it.
I have to say I’m not a fan of the new name. Although that may because I don’t like the whole marvel superhero thing.
Isn't this the gal who helped ruin Bon Appetit/Adam Rapaport's career by overblowing racial issues? Be careful, you're pretty white and might get screwed over.
Supporting
I like her. She’s fun
BABISH GOT SOHLAAAA WE LIT
YAAAAYYYY SHES THE BESSSSTTTTT!!!!!!
fantastic addition to the channel, sohla is rad
AAAHAHH IM SO EXCITED
SOHLAAAAAAAAAAA
Let the future know that I was a babish fan before the name change! Awesome episode, gonna be a great show and a great new era for the channel
Cute!
I love Sohla!!!
WE LOVE TO SEE IT!!! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
More Sohla pleaaaase !
“Cooking used to be a true labor of love now we just turn on a stand mixer” I don’t have a stand mixer 😔 my food still has the love in it
Are you ready to spin the wheel - "OF MYTHICALITY" !!
Ummmm this is amazing Babish! So happy to see Sohla on YT again, especially alongside yourself.
I’ve never been more delighted with a development in a YouTube show OMG
So good to see Sohla here!!!!
5 minutes after this, John Townsends rode in on horseback so he could grate some nutmeg on that dish.
This is awesome. Seeya, Bon Appetit. You took too long.
Sohla's cooking skills and great personality aside I only noticed in the outro that *Babish has little cute tiny whisks in his breast pocket.*
this was an awesome video. I know it's a wheel that decided what to make, but this old-school style idea was fucking clutch
Woah, just noticed the name change.
So much cringe...
So much cringe...
I’ve fucking missed you so much, Sohla.
Yay I’m so excited for more BCU content also SOHLA yay!!!!!
I absolutely love this. Thank you for adding this amazing segment to your show.
New channel and almost 8 million subs already. Crazy  Looking forward to new episodes.
me: waiting to see if she would churn her own butter
I'm very glad that Sohla found a new home here bc I feel like she had so mutch wasted potential in BA, like, the goddess of chocolate imprisioned making indian food al the time
Yey Sohla! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
This looks terrible.
Test kitchen didn’t want to give Sohla her own show, but Babish did! Thanks, she deserve it! (So as the audience)
I love this with all of my heart Babish, all of my heart.
The earliest recorded recipes for Mac and Cheese was 1769, so yes 18th century mac and cheese existed then.
I clicked from the thumbnail thinking it was a Townsend video 😅
Not gonna lie, I'm pretty disappointed that there wasn't a basics episode.  And I also come to the channel to watch Andrew cook, not other random people.  I think the old adage applies, "don't fix something if it isn't broke".  One of the reasons I love this channel is because it's mostly serious with legit cooking techniques and a bit of goofiness mixed in with some of the recreation dishes, but now there's a random person and new show that just replaced a basics episode.  I know I'm probably the odd one out but I'm pretty bummed.
Ugh, I'm so happy that Sohla is finally getting the recognition she deserves ❤ and not only that, but on one of my favorite channels to watch 🥰
No Nutmeg?!
Cool
Oke I freakin Love this
saw 18th century and thought townsends would be making an appearance
Hell yeah! All love to Sohla ♥️♥️ Congrats Babish
Good job Sohla Townsend!
This is weird
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU
Im so glad that I've seen this channel grow.   You honestly deserve it!
Lol love this was really bummed when sohla left ba cus I wouldn’t see her much anymore I assumed this is dope tho sure you’re treating her much better
Sohla is hilarious!
I'm not gonna lie... I don't love the channel name change. I think that it makes the channel sound too corporate and one of my favorite things about Babish has been how homemade it feels.
Your channels growing like crazy!! So excited to get new sohla content where hopefully she can really be herself on her own terms!
Sohla looks like she is enjoying cooking a lot more than she did in the BA videos. She also acts more like her real self - she has a great personality and it can finally shine through without the racist corporate structures holding her down. Thank you for giving us more Sohla, Babby!
I love this direction!!!! team sohla!!!!!!!
this is exactly what we were talking about when we said "give sohla whatever she wants" I am so happy for her!
I want more immediately
I'm over here giggling like an idiot because it's all coming together.
Too much water in your wood!
Yay, so glad to be watching Sohla again!
The correct cheese would be cheddar or parmigiano reggiano. And the correct pasta would be macaroni, hence the name, not spatzle
I am so here for this. Sohla is a ray of sunshine and deserves only good things. Congrats guys!
Will you make the Sandvich from. Team Fortress 2?
Shotgun mic minus pop filter, while wearing lav mics lol
has she ever been camping out in the wild before in her life
The crossover i never knew i needed in my life
Okay this was great 😂
Sorry but I prefer binging with babish I am sure I will get used to it
This was simply amazing, so charming and fun! Can't wait for more.   "The wheel has COVID? Topical." Love a good outtake too!
“The wheel has Covid???? Topical.” ⚰️
Banish just slowly steals everyone from bon appetite
Congrats BCU!!  Bon app couldn’t have fumbled the bag more  Can’t wait for more!
How about babysitting with babish where you teach kids how to cook! 😄
Sohla ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Sohhhhhhllllaaaaaaaaaa <3
The 18th century was not as long as Sohla seems to think? They had stoves, ovens, and extruded pasta
SOHLA IS AN ICON ✨✨✨
I’m so excited to see Sohla! 🥰❤️
Can we have a Sohla x Townsends collab?
Fun fact: Thomas Jefferson was said to have been obsessed with Macaroni and even had it during presidential dinners.
She kind of looks like Dora the explorer lol
I am thrilled to see Sohla! I miss seeing everyone from BA. Now you need to steal Brad and make a new it's alive!
Ahhhhhh! So excited! You’re fantastic. Sohla’s amazing. SO looking forward to this next chapter in the Babish Universe!!!
*Leo applause meme*  Seriously, y'all are going such good work for humans.
So, I love this show and concept. But for something like making an 18th century version of a modern dish, I'd really like to see some research and history in the video, because it kinda felt like Sohla was basing a lot of this on assumptions. It looked great though! Also, maybe a recipe at the end, where it shows how to make the final product.
Courderoy 100% existed, it was invented in the 18th c. You good.
Does babish watch introspecktive
This is cheesy in all the right ways. 😁😂
Yaaaaaaaaaassss!!!
Yes bb
I really want to see what becomes cannon in the BCU and what goes into a weird limbo of cooking fiction made by the previous owner, but that is not really PG-13 or really fits with the new corporate overlords vision for a massive marketing campaign and official black aprons merchandise sales
Good: concept Bad: too much like buzzfeed
Your ads you made are sooo good. Idk who filmed them but wow! My fiancé and I are buying a ton of botanist gin to support you. So glad that you are doing so well and have a Sohla on the show now. Congrats!!
I love so much that the commercials were still babish. I watched them all the way through.
I’m glad that Sola is in the new chanel. She’s an expert in her field and i’m anxious to learn from her. Great move
Stump "its in my eye" Sohla - 2020
I'm so excited! Sohla!!
Omg omg omg! Babish, your previous crimes against pastry are forgiven for giving us sohla back on the internet. Please have her teach you how to make pie crust properly so you can actually show your viewers your crisp non soggy bottoms. I am so happy bruddladich distillery is giving you buckets of money to do this. When the plague is over please visit Islay , it’s a beautiful magical place.
This
I LOV SOHLA
I knew this would happen and I'm so happy it did
All the Babish ads play during this. I’m not mad 😂
So is this the new MCU?
Oh Man.   Sohla :(  God damnit, all the BA drama is coming back and their not back yet :(
I have so much rage in my heart for anyone that clicked that dislike. Who hurl you?  Sohla was a magical-unicorn-flower of joy and knowledge as a underpaid, vastly underused, and unappreciated BA contributor before they imploded, just imagine how brightly she’s going to shine in a supportive environment with Andrew,. Could not be more here for this.
Sohla <3
I wish I could subscribe to your channel twice!!!  This is so cool and I'm super excited to see you guys collaborating!
So happy to see Sohla!!
I like it, but just don’t bonappetit the whole channel man. I like babish for who you are, not who they want you to be.
WHO'S GOING TO TALK ABOUT THE JORTS?!?!!
Yay Sohla!!! ❤️👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
YES SOHLA OUR QUEEN
YES SOHLAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!
We’re in the bcu
yesssss
I love the new show Sohla!! Congrats on snagging her for your channel Babish! I’ve stopped watching BA and hopped back to your channel after a watching hiatus just to follow Sohla. Can’t wait to see more!
I’ve missed Sohla!!! Xoxo
Who else cringed when she threw dirty work gloves onto that beautiful white couch?
Babish, bruh... #Townsends. Do it. He's a great guy from Indiana and very knowledgeable when it comes to 18th century cooking.
welcome sohla  , love to have you here!
So you guys hit it off after making the chocolate!
sooo, the firepit don't have proper water protection and the concrete is full of water underneath, that's why it is exploding?
Hand on, Andrew said he couldn't source cheese curds in NYC in his poutine episode. I call shenanigans since obviously Sohla got them!
I can't wait for a ''Make it sad'' recipe
18th Century had stoves. They should find one for her to do these challenges on. The stoves were mostly huge cast iron boxes, but still would be fun to see.
My guy got in a ranch commercial
Here before the name change. Andrew has grown so much over the years. Proud of you man ♥️
I hope Hunzi comes on as a producer and editor
I never watched BA, but I'm happy to watch Sohla do her wonders here! Also really enjoy her voice, perfect for the BCU, indeed!
where’s the love button ?
The whole story about the tiny fire pit and making rice in a walnut made me cry from how cute it was. Sohla are you me??
Time to subscriiiiibe!!!
Sohla is so funny!
I was so terrified for her when she started bashing those rocks together without safety goggles! "IT'S IN MY EYE!"
You should use the recipe from mrs crocombe from English Heritage
It’s been so amazing to watch you rise! This is incredible!
Not gonna lie I was very confused when this video came up. But I love it. Now get Brad Leone and Claire over here!
The new name is really lame to be honest. Binging With Babish is just so much fun to say, while Babish Culinary Universe seems really generic and unsatisfying. Same goes for the acronym, BWB vs BCU.
We've got Sohla, now we need a Sohla x Vinny crossover that introduces a masked man with a goobalini making pickles.
babish becuase of you i started getting into cooking i am thinking of yoing to school for it
Ah yes, Spätzle
I can't believe that my favorite cooking youtubers are working together now. This is fucking dope.
YES SOHLA!!
I screamed several times
I am so excited for this! Sohla!!!
I love this so much amazing job brilliant
This was an amazing move!!! Missed seeing Sohla on the platform!!!
That was cool
glad to see Sohla on a show she's most likely being paid for :)
I mean... she basically made Käsespätzle by accident ^^
This was a decent first episode with a lot of potential! Would love to see a separate channel almost with some of YouTubes cooking elite to join the Brilliant Babish and Spectacular Sohla
“i feel so medieval.” andrew this is the 1700s not 1300 ce. they had 3- and 4-pronged forks.
Nice episode
I also reaaaally love the graphic design of this new show. It's really cute and fun. Congrats Babish and Sohla!
when the the grip yells nooooooo for the hotdog ! 😂
Cringe
_Jon Townsend has entered the chat_
In 3 years every OG will say, "Remember when this channel was called Binging With Babish?"😂
More Sola please!
Sohlaaaaaaa! <3
MY GIRL SOHLA GETTING THE SHOW SHE DESERVES!!!
When is the collaboration with the Townsends?
IM GONNA CRYYYYYYYY
“people just ate all they wanted to eat and then they died.” *looks right at camera* lol right on
I am ALL FOR THIS.
THIS IS THE BEST THING TO COME OUT OF 2020 AND WHILE I KNOW THAT BAR IS PRETTY LOW! THIS IS STILL FUCKING GREAT! GOOD TO SEE YOU BACK IN YOUTUBE LAND, SOHLA!!!!!
But for real tho, I'm so proud of what this channel has become and what Babs has done
OBSESSED WITH THIS, SOHLA IS THE BEST
Thanks for bringing on sohla
YESSSSSSS
I love this. Sohla looks like she's happy and is having so much fun
And now get Brad and Vin in the BCU for The ultimate fucking show 😂
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then died".... I mean, sign me up
I love this so much!!
I literally CAME to Babish originally just because of your first collaboration with Sohla and I cannot even remotely express how F*CKING EXCITED I am to see her here now. Also, new additions to Team Babish? THERE'S MORE?! I'm going to lose my mind. Oh my word.
Tina from Bob's Burgers with Louise from Bob's Burgers' voice doing the Townsends show from YouTube
yay Sohlaaaaaaaa
I love this!!!!!
I'm soooo happy I get to watch Sohla cook again!! I've missed her so muchhh ❤️❤️❤️
I like watching your show when I'm hungry.
Amazing episode. Sohla is hilarious.
I like the old name🙁
Sohla!
Anyone who hires sohla gets my subscription
he found a umpa lumpa
This is a very silly episode. I liked it.
Thank you for the sohla content. I missed her
THANK GOD YOU HIRED HER. SHE IS AMAZING
I will watch anything Sohla is apart of.
Dope! Sohla for prez 2020!!!
POWER MOVES
The  comedy in this is key
Man you should have just called townsends he makes the best 18th century videos
Spätzl with a whole lot of cheese is actually to this day a very common german dish :D it‘s called Kässpätzle and in my (very german) opinion it‘s the supreme mac and cheese. It‘s often served with bacon and breadcrumps on top. Really great dish!
Am I the only person that didn’t like it?
YOUTUBE ALGORITHM GODS: May it be known that THE INTERNET LOVES THIS.
"We borrowed some of that Eternal Flame" 😂😂😂 love it!
Y'all forgot the hot dogs
Yo I miss brad
Yesssss somewhere where Sohla is appreciated!!! This is great
Kinda surprised ya'all didn't consult with @Townsend's 18th Century Cooking channel ... they probably could have helped make this legit!
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She's so funny omg...I'm so excited for this series!
She was a wet blanket at BA. Still a wet blanket.
So Sohla, I feel like you might enjoy Townsends.
Nice
When he says the letter “S” in the intro it hurts me
How does someone survive into adulthood without knowing some alternate way to make fire?  She wouldn't survive a 3 day blackout, let alone a war or natural disaster!
Multi-million dollar company: couldn't pay Sohla properly Singular man on the internet: I got you
YESSSS
YESSS SOHLA I LOVE HER
Damn not another channel to have co hosts...
John Townsend where you at??  Cant wait to see how the universe expands, and to see what else Sohla cooks up.  P.S is that the Skyrim text font?
Sohla: I’m going to use a lot of cheese because back then they ate everything they wanted and then they died.  Me: A culinary genius AND a historian.
Too much moisture in the concrete, and possibly the wood. That's why it popped and tried to bite
It's nice to finally see Sohla again and her amazing skills ❤️❤️
SOHLA!! You’re my favorite! ❤️❤️❤️
My fave is making videos with Sohla, your fave is making videos with the US military. We are not the same.
SOHLAAAA YESSSSS I LOVE YOU FOR THIS BABISH LIKE I LOVED YOU ALREADY BUT THIS? YESSSSS!!!!!!!
I'm a simple woman, i see sohla, i click.
😠😠😠
I am so so so so so happy to see Sohla again! And to see her getting the recognition her genius deserves!
Sohla showing off her skills and i love this!
*Townsends nodding approvingly*
people who skipped prob wandering why they eating oatmeal with cheese and brown sardines
Everyone is excited about Sohla and the BCU, so I'll note that Andrew had three costume changes.
My swabian heart is full of joy watching other people make Spätzle :D  Fun fact: Spätzle were invented in swabia (southern germany) in a monastery (I think). An italian pricess came to visit them so they wanted to surprise her with spaghettis, but they got the consistency of the dough dead wrong and it stuck to the board so they scratched it off the board directly into the boiling water, hence the name for making Spätzle is "Spätzle schaben" (to scrape off the Spätzle) :)
CONGRATS ON GETTING ON TRENDING!!!
don't be shy, make the videos longer
the king and queen have arrived. LOVE YOU BOTH
An amazing intro to what looks to be a great addition to the wide world of Babish. I look forward to seeing more. Plus, who knew 18th century mac and cheese could look so good?
I love this, just don’t pull a Smosh :(
This video makes me want to do cocaine
Ahhh! I got a Babish ranch ad before this.
YESSSSSS SOHLAAAAAAAA!!!!! 😍
I got an ad by Babish.  Def not susss?
She deserves this recognition and respect for her culinary genius 🥰
digging the jorts
Woohooo! I love her.
great episode!!! can't wait to see more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
_YES theres a wheel_   I fucking cried
What the hell, BCU when.. when did that happen? _And_  the ad I got before the video was.. well it was you? Wtf
🧡🧡🧡🧡🧡
Shoulda tapped The Townsends for this one!
she looks like Dora
I KEEP GETTING YOUR ADS STOP
BABISHHHHHH THANK YOU
I've been playing this video on repeat in the background just to support Sohla.
SOHLAAAAAAAAAAAA
true advocacy is uplifting voices like sohlas . looking forward to seeing everything yall continue to do . thank you all
Hell yeah!! So stoked for more of this!
YES SOHLA I’M SO SO SO HAPPY
I support Babish and his moves, and honesty is also required. This isn’t why I subscribed and is not what I’m interested in. It’s just another cooking show, centred around NOT the person or humour I was originally drawn to. Not really sure what space this is meant to fit into? Is it to free up Andrew to not have to do it all himself? Feels like forced change without realising the quality of the product IS the draw - and this is lower quality product. Flat out less entertaining.
SOHLAAAAAAAAAA my two favorite internet humans! Get Brad as a regular guest and let's GOOOOO so happy for you Andrew!
In Bavaria we call that: Kasspatzn
HIRE BRAD BUD
One step closer to the dream babish magazine where he takes all the editors from BA because we don’t love condé nast and also I want more babish and brad interaction
Heck yes!!! I've always felt BA basically failed to explore Sohla's culinary prowess to full extent. Great to see her given with a platform well deserved of her expertise!!! Can't wait to get more of you, Sohla! Much love, Andrew!!
This is amazing. So excited to see Sola here. Thanks for doing what you do my dude.
So happy to see Sohla here!!! You two are so interesting and funny!! Yay!!😍
Hopefully Clementine will make an appearance and I think Corduroy is from the 18th century.
My three loves together.  Sohla, Babish, Mac and cheese
They ate all the cheese they wanted and died young ?  😆 😳 🤔  clearly I was born in the wrong century
thank u for this ❤️
Love it !! ❤️
At last, Sohla has her own show to demonstrate her brilliance to us all!  BA who?
This is beautiful. I can't wait for the next episode!
I'm here for Sohla!!!
So glad Sohla is here!!! As the star , she’s so awesome yay Sohla!!!
Amazing.  So glad to see Sohla!
Brad up next? If so, I can die a happy man!
When I clicked on this vid I got a babish sponsored by ranch, commercial 😳
This melts my heart, I'm so happy to see things turn up for Sohla. She deserves the world<3
Sohla!!!!!!! I'm so so glad  to see her back cooking on youtube, ive missed her 😭
Well you made a Kraft box type of Mac and Cheese, I would have put the Dutch oven in a bee hive oven and baked to get a crispy crust.  The crust is the best part of mac and cheese.   Looking foreword to future videos,.
This is so awesome!!!!!!!!
I ship SHOLA and BABISH!!!! Look at those 2 love birds ;)
The dish "macaroni" existed in the 18th century. The Townsends have a great video on it. It's practically modern day alfredo sauce with macaroni noodles.
Why do people dislike this. Like what are u doing!!!!!!
Sohla!!!!!  This is gonna be fun.
"I'm here to talk to you about the Babish initiative."
Yay! More airtime for Sohla!! I loved her on BA’s channel. I’m so glad she’s found another outlet to showcase her culinary talent and wonderful personality! Congrats!!
Is vinny still in the BCU?
Sohla is the best. Welcome to the channel. Also, that name is no good man. BCU? Really? It has no soul, no alliteration!
I'm gonna miss this channel.
Where’s townsends
Townsends wants their idea back
The joy this gives me is immeasurable. Great show, great idea and amazing to see Sohla back on the internet.
Oo this is not new channel, its basic with babish with new name
YES SOHLAAAAA
Corduroy was invented in the late 18th century! You good Sohla 😎
Ooh baby I love mah cheese
This was in now way what I expected and I appreciate that! Lol I just knew it would be good and I was not disappointed. :D welcome Sohla!
Sohla is just wonderful.
Babish missed her joke, the fire put was STUMPED as in tree STUMP, as in wood used for fire....
Sohla yes! she was my favorite out of the ba kitchen,I LOVE her so well deserved
This was fantastic! Sohla so deserves all of the awards.
Hello Babish, I'm very curious to know who did the wheel and especially what is the font used on the wheel it looks so good 🤓
Excellent work Babish 👍👍👍👍
SOOOOHLA!  So good to see her in cooking videos again :D
All the love for sohla <3 She deserves more than what her previous company gave her.
Love solha! Excited for this series
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted, then they died..."   This spoke to me....
This was hilarious and wonderful. Sohla is great and really knows her stuff. The BCU-rebrand and the new content is awesome. Well done Andrew. Can't wait to see more.
Wait this is everyrhinggg
I would watch Sohla read a phone book so I am very much down with this :D
God she is amazing 😭❤️ so happy this show exists now!! She’s so smart and the world should see her talent!!
I prefer BWB. BCU isn't what I know and love.
Only 50 seconds in, and I'm like "YES YES YES...YES. Sohla, YES. Andrew, YES." Love this direction for the channel.
those tatoos???? does sohla listen to girl in red??
Ohhh that’s good
"Back in the 18th century people just ate as much cheese as they wanted and died"  Those lucky ducks :D Well minus the dying part lol
Sohla getting to be a mad food scientist 😎, yayyyy happy for her 😄 Thank you Babish 😄, she deserved that after everything she has fought for😄😄
Townsend should have joined the party. 😁 This was fun!
Explosions on your first episode, I think we got a winner.
Not authentic enough, she should have churned her own butter.                 Yes, this is sarcasm.
WE DEMAND MORE
I see Sohla, I click video.
This is incredible. Thanks for giving us this wonderful content
Delightful!! I have now subscribed, because Sohla. 😍 SUCH a delightful idea for a show! Keep up the great work yall!
I LOVE THIS!!!!
Welcome Sohla! <3 Looking forward to this show!
I LOVE TO SEE SOHLA IN ONE OF MY FAVORITE CHANNELS! DOPE SHOW!
PLeaSE INVITE BRAD TOO I MISS BRAD+BABISH 😭
Do Ted lasso`s biscuits
Brilliant segment, love Sohla already! Can't wait to see what comes next <3
Everything about this video, just makes me happy
"Back then they died young"  *proceeds to almost die lighting a fire on concrete*  Go Sohla taking that extra step for historical accuracy!
So happy to be able to see Sohla on a regular basis. Thanks B. ♥️
Yippee!! Sohla is BACK!
When did he change his name?
I’m so incredibly excited about this
They had stoves in the 18th century!
I fucking love it
Townsends be like....
Yes, Im sure cowboys cooking on a fire use imported cheeses and French techniques. This is a ......fail.
I'm not sure if this was intended and maybe others saw this as a negative but I love that comedic awkwardness when the wheel and voice came out of nowhere. Congrats Babish on the expansion I really hope more content like this comes out >_<
YESSSS, thank you Andrew! Welcome Sohla!
i need more SOLA!!!!!
When I was little my mother would sometimes make me Spätzli (Spaetzle) with Cheesesauce so this is a blast from the past for me.
WOOHOO!!! SOHLAAAAAA!!!!!!!
18th Century Mac & Cheese?! There is *NO WAY* it wouldn't have gone stale by now.
LOVE YOU SOHLA!!!!
Did you know that Thomas Jefferson introduced macaroni to the us in 1803 at a dinner party at the White House.
This made me want to like this video over a thousand times. I love this video and am patiently awaiting where all your guys work leads to. Keep up the amazing work!!!
you know these people are american when they don’t know that people in the 18th century had ovens...
Sohla! <3
YASSSSSSSSSSSS
Man, I thought this was a Townsends&Sons video at first 😂
2:35 The way I want to live my life
Everything is better with Sohla! Love the crossover!
Sohla is a great I am very happy to see her on your show. More power to both of you .Will she be permanent on the show?
the video quality is vso good my eyes transcended into a another demention
I’m so so excited for this series!! Sohla has such a creative approach to food and really inspires me to get in the kitchen more.😊😊
“People just a bunch of cheese and then died” Yeah, same
Sohla you rock - I can't wait to see more of these. Also, BCU? Wow! Congratulations Babish!!!
Bruh Townsends has been doing this for years Crossover???
Sohla needs to loosen up. Let's see her and Andrew smoke a joint
I LOVE SOHLA
Sohla is hilarious, love her!!
Have you ever thought about opening up a university? *Babish Culinary University* You definitely have the skill, you wouldn't have to teach there, but open it in your name. idk, just sounds like a good idea  :/
"People just ate all the cheese that they wanted and then they died" This is a lifestyle I hope to achieve.
There actually kind of is a German version of Mac and Cheese with spätzle. It's - fittingly - called Käsespätzle (cheese spätzle) and is basically just the spätzle with Emmental cheese, milk, a bit of heavy cream and bits of speck. At least that's the recipe where my mother's from, but as always there are regional differences.
This show is already reaching some It's Alive with Brad levels of chaos and I love it.
To make bechemel with no lumpd its better to make a more liquidy base and then add milk cold and all in one go. (If you dont believe me Geno dicampo does it)
As soon as I realized she meant Spätzle, my Bavarian-Swabian heart made a jump ❤️❤️
So it’s Townes and sons
Sohla as a mainstay - I LOVE IT! Amazing
this is the most entertained ive been in a while. i cant wait for the next episode
Im just here to mark that I've been here since *_binging with babish_*
omygosh he single handedly served justice to sohla
Well, she just made the German „Käsespätzle“.
SOOOHLAAA <3
Yaaaaay Sohla 😍
i love sohla :,)
This shit was lame as hell
Do an mcu collab
In hesitantly interested. Please don't become another Bon Appetit channel. I come for your weird, chill, videos.
This episode was so good and I'm really excited to see solah expertise challenged and her hilarious personality
I already LOVE this series! So glad to see Sohla here!
This chick claiming that people ate unhealth back in the day... HAHAHAHA
Sohla is my queen. Don’t you dare hurt her Andrew!
mooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooore
I was actually kinda hoping that the theme would be everything she cooked was 18th century. I’m kinda disappointed that it’s actually one of those “lol so random” themes instead.
Oh, I thought Bon Appetite finally made a new video. Nvm
Thanks for spoiling us with continuously great content. Love this new idea :)
Living for Sohla, stoked to see her making more content. Can’t wait to see where this goes!
Yay! Good for you Sohla. Congrats on the new show.
Love the addition of this show!!! Here for everything Sohla does!!!
I'm a little disappointed you didn't have John Townsend canoe over from Indiana to participate in this episode.
i legit just laughed out loud once she said "it's in my eye" and started shaking her head 🤣
This was absolutely incredible :D
Best crossover in BCU history.
YA GAVE US WHAT WE WANTED YAASSSSS!!
Yesssss business move of the century 🙌❤
this was awesome
I thought it was a new channel for a moment there! XD
I started making Sohla's recipes at the beginning of the pandemic. Now I have a heart condition and I have to take medicine to lower my cholesterol. You should include nutritional information with your recipes.
I like Sohla so much! She gets it! I like a few gentle setbacks and listening to her problem solve. More please! I am psyched.
I love Sohla, welcome.
She looks like an adult Dora the Explorer xD No offense it's just funny :)
Yessir, this was a reeaalll good video
Cow milk was definitely a very common thing  It’s the 18th century Not the Stone Age
Big moves Andrew. Love this channel though it has given me a false sense of confidence in the kitchen. I still use too many ingredients to the point it tastes confused and burn everything. Thanks
This made my morning
Yessssss, Sohla!
BCU:  Babish Cinematic Universe
Sohla deserves this. Honestly if BA ends up in the BCU I'd be beyond happy
she stooopid🤣😂🤣🤣😂😂 3:17
Sohla: makes pasta in 18th century style! Also Sohla: wears a 21st century Apple watch
OMG SOHLA GOT HER OWN SHOW!!
Yayyyyu!!!!! I love watching Sohla
I like the new name not as much as the old one but thats cus it Rimes
I'm looking forward to this more often!
Subscribing for Sohla :)
YESSSSSSSSS!!!
I was so confused why Babish was here. I thought I clicked the wrong video. "Where's Townsend?" I said. Honestly, this would've been even more amazing if it had been a collaboration with him, given that he has an authentic 18th century kitchen to cook in.
I absolutely love this.
not enough babish in this one
I too eat all the cheese I want, I guess I know what’s coming next for me 💀 🧀
first Vinny, now Sohla - could BCU please snag everyone else from BA? and don't forget about Hunzi!
You should make schweinshaxe mit Kartoffelsalat since it oktoberfest time
I used to do a very similar thing with the little fires except I'd find a pot or a pan from the kitchen to absolutely destroy but oh man was it fun boiling leaves!
Babish is dead now. This sucks, you f’d up Babish. I enjoyed your work with just you. You didn’t need anyone else.
COLLAB WITH TOWNSENDS!
We have no choice but to stan Sohla
HELL YEAH!!!
When can we expect a BCU/MCU crossover? Will you be providing the catering for Disney+ shows? On or off screen? Can Tom Hiddleston assist you in whipping the crëme fraîche?
I’m so happy sohla is part of the team. She is an amazing chef and personality
WHERE IS BWB BABISH
please can you do the egg fried rice challenge
What a pleasant surprise. I love this direction the channel is going! Keep up the good work Babish and Co.!
I love this
Love Sohla! Awesome stuff
"Ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died"  because back in the day, you only cheddar once
This name change is new right? I hope it's new otherwise iv'e been super obilvous til now.
God damn I love this
Man, I can never binge with babish the same way
I don't care for the rebrand, I'm still gonna be Binging With Babish! Great seeing new content and the channel going stronger and stronger!
John Townsend makes 18th century foods i would wach his videos
I love Sohla but when she says Spaetzel wrong it triggers a little bit of an eye twitch from my German side. The Spaetzel dish she talks about is called kaese spaetzel, where kaese means cheese, and its absolutely delicious especially with bacon.
Great new camera!
Oh here goes the channel all down hill from here
Hope Brad Leone joins the BCU 😊
I'm glad to see Sohla finally getting a proper spotlight
can someone explain why his channel name changed?
Love the Vivaldi!
I LOVE THIS NEW STYLE AND BCU! new culinary world of MCU.. imagine MCU x BCU crossover.. would be sooooo epic
I'm really happy that he has his own cooking network at this point but this episode feels like it's not about the cooking sadly. It felt more like TV than cooking. Again, just an observation. I'm still really happy for you!
I love it
Sohla is basically making Käsespätzle which is still a thing in Austria and southern germany lol
Townsends wants your location
Townsends GANG
Awesome awesome awesome😃😃😃
SOHLA! Finally-  I've been far too long without my fix. The only person known to mankind that has a 100% success-rate in tempering chocolate. Glad she's back!
Commenting in support of Sohla
I miss binging with babish
Love this. It was a great recipe, and fun to watch. Sohla is pretty awesome too.
I keep seeing ads with YouTubers in them in their respected YouTube channel right before the video starts, is YouTube doing a new thing?
Lol this reminded me of Townsend for some reason 😂
nope
Käsespätzle!
love it
The family grew
SO EXCITED 😭 I LOVE SOHLA AND BABISH
SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love all of this.
That was awesome. Love to see more older recipes and more challenges.
Sohla is a huge catch! Yay! Love her to bits 💜
I can’t wait to see more of what you have planned for the BCA Babby!
Is it just me, or is the fork they gave Banish the Spear of Longinus from Neon Genesis Evangellion...  Yes I am a Nerd.
Hate it
How superpower makes you dumb
Instant subscribe- I’m so excited!!!!!
That's somewhat käsespätzle, common good in South Germany, Swiss, Austria
Noice  BCU
Happy for your success! Not sure I like the way the show is heading though. I liked the Binging with Babish how it use to be, because it focused on food. This is just another reality cooking show with to much talking. We will see how time progress.
Even if it should look like 18th century mac and cheese (Wild), I want it badly!!!!
I cannot wait till the spinner lands on "Make It Sad"
ABSOLUTE BANGER
There was an idea. To bring together a group of remarkable chefs. To see if they could become something more. To see if they could work together, when we needed them to, to cook the meals that we never could.
YESSSSSS
The new title BCU sounds so pedestrian. BTW if you want to just chill out and watch rustic [asian] cooking check out the youtube channel  李子柒 Liziqi. Without saying a single word she still manages to get 12.5M subscribers.
I'm not so sure
Just in case anyone was curious, corduroy was available around the mid 18th century.
i'm SO excited 🥺🥺
I am so happy that Sohla is still out here doing what she is doing and getting the recognition she deserves!
I laughed at the "Make it Sad" option on the wheel...
Oh man I loved her with the chocolate tempering vid! She's so sweet! (Pun intended)
I got babishes botanist advertisement right before watching this episode 😂
More bloopers!!!
Sohla for the win :)
So excited to have somewhere new to watch Sohla!!!!!!
Wait, if she made Spätzle with cheese, why is it mac'n'cheese and not just...Käsespätzle?
That sigh at 2:10 killed me lmao Glad to see Sohla back on youtube!
I don’t get how this has a single dislike wtf
QUEEN I LOVE U
LOVE HER!!!!!!!!! SO HAPPY
Sohla the explora!
Hey, I’d love to see you make “the best burger in New York” from how I met your mother (season 4 episode 2)
Im 60 seconds in and in love, keep it up man
In switzerland, austria and south germany we actually eat Käsespätzle which is just cheese spaetzel.
SOHLA!!!!!!
BEST CROSSOVER WHOOOOOOOOOOOOO WE LOVE SOHLAAAAAA
Omg Sohla is here!
She's so cute
YAYYYY SOHLAAAAA!!!
Käsespätzle <3
Just realized Spätzle mit Käse is essentially mac and cheese 🤯
I really thought it was going to say, "It's time for another challenge charlie"
What's next 'You suck at cooking' changes his YouTube channel name to 'You are actually alright at cooking'
This is literally the only good thing in the world right now
What happened to the binging woth part😢
You changes binging with babish...!  It had a rhythm to it man😢 F for bwb
BCU ain't no BWB
Love seeing you Sohla! <3
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died."  Never before have I been more jealous of an 18th century person.   Also so good to see Sohla.
Dora the explora back at it again being amazing!!! Love everything about this
2:36 they ate and died xD oh man haha
Finally subscribing because of Sohla
I wouldn't mind this being longer.
Why an open flame? You don't think they had stoves?
I'll be deep in the cold, cold,ground before i stop calling it Binging with Babish XD
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas. This is the way
Love you Sohla... welcome to Clair's shoes. Sorta. 🤣
I’m sooo happy!!!! Sohla we missed you!!! Babish I’m so happy that you brought her into the universe! You are moving on up! I can’t wait to keep watching your channel grow!
Big Townsend's vibes
Lol i like the fish tank filter intake tube as a mic!
SOHLA!
I’m predicting it now, HOT TAKE, this is where the channel starts to slightly go down hill.
What bunging with babish back
Omg such a good series idea and OFC SOHLA!!!!
luv this
Can u translate this from romania in English so u can understand it better. Thanks. Salut Babish deci ideea este că mă uit la tine de ceva timp, mai mult de Un an jumatate(1,5 year) si imi place ce faci, am învățat multe despre gătit, dar imi este cam ciudat sa iti vad numele acesta nou, uneori schimbarile sunt neplăcute dar bun,Tot ce vroiam sa iti zic prin acest comment este doar ca as vrea sa te vad pe tine gătind si nu pe altul sau alta, si numele daca poți să ți-l schimbi inapoi(Thank you Binging with babish :))
babish is now jon townsend
wait its all Babish Culinary Universe? always has been.     i miss Binging With Babish
People just ate all the cheese they wanted, and then they died.  Classic line.
Love you both! 😍
change your name back
Omg, I love Sohla and it makes me super happy to know she’s part of the Babish team now. :)
Could've just featured Townsend :/
FUCK YEAH Hope they're paying you fairly this time So proud of you having your own show!
2:34 Hey! I take exception to that! I eat like that now and I don't want to die young 🤣
Sola is gonna Kick so much ass!
Uhm, I love her!! What a fun episode and I’m jealous I can’t taste it!!! Love the name change too ❤️❤️
internet need more Sohlas...
I feel like 18th century people would have added lot of spice in that (at least if they had money)
Sadly I'll have to unsubscribe. While I feel everyone deserves equality in all things I don't agree with what she has played a part in at BA. Pointing fingers and costing people their careers is not the way to move forward. There are much more constructive ways to make change.
omg I am so excited for thiiiiis
4:19 ya Käsesplätzle. That's still a thing in Germany xD
ngl I thought this was a Townsends reference
can’t say I’m a fan of the new name...
thought I missed BA kitchen but I figured that I actually miss Sohla
"The wheel has COVID?"  "Topical."   amazing. <3
I loved how they savor the flavor and aromas of the 18th century! I missed the nutmeg tho.
Slightly triggered by how primitive you think people were in the 18th century but i enjoyed the show nevertheless lol
Hell yea, dude. I always loved her stuff. Can't wait to see you continue to bring good to the universe. Ours, and yours.
While I think this is fun, I don't think this is an accurate recipe for 18th century Mac & Cheese, considering we actually have a recipe for Mac & Cheese from that period and it looks closer to a Carbonara
Yes!! I'm so happy for Sohla and Andrew!! Lol first you take hunzy, now Sohl
i love it so much. Sohla is the best!!
I think Babish using his platform to help overlooked chefs such as Sohla start her platform is the most wholesome thing he can do. With all the bad blood from BA's shenanigans, I am glad that Sohla found someone like Babish to give her the showtime that she deserved.
I really want to know what happens if the wheel lands on "make it sad"
200 iq move Sohla & Babish
Please get more of the old BA group in on the BCU shenanigans. Slowly take over what the BA test kitchen channel once was.
Not skipping ads here, thanks so much for making this happen ahhhhhhhh
oompa loompa doopity doo
<3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
If BWB could take over the roll of BA, I would be eternally grateful.  Start a fresh, get the old crew back together and bring fun cooking to the masses 😁
It’s nasty you lake the spoon and put it into the pan again without washing that spoon y
Why do you change your chanel name?!?!??!
you don't need to thank us for being with you, we thank you for being with us, we love your new crazy ideas!
Sohla!!!  I missed watching you!
She didn't make her own cheese!
I see two bottles of Botanist gin in the background and I'm proud.
YAY SOHLA!!!
Sohla is adorable
She's just absolutely adorable!!
THANK YOU ANDREW!!!  I'm so happy that Sohla has a new home to bring her amazing skills!  Can't wait to watch this series!
Yes Sohla!!
Congrats on your first Spätzle! Hope you are more appreciated here!
I legitimately thought this was a Townsends episode when I clicked on it until I saw a bald man with glasses lol  Edit: After watching the full video, I wish Sohla would have watched a Townsends video or few purely so that she would be safer around this kind of equipment lol.
Someone please call J Townsend. We need some nutmeg over here.
Sohla El Wheely
Love this. Definitely need more of this and her, What other guests you’re going to have 🧐
I hope that the next joining the BCU will be Brad Leone. That would be awesome! Vinny&Brad back in business.
This is amazing! I've missed Sohla lots!!! So excited for more of these to come out. *Hi fives Babish*
Please have Sohla make a dish with Whiskey
Sohla looks so much happier here
I did not care for this episode.
Bruh why did I get an ad that has Babish in it
Can i say I'm going to college now?
Some bardcore in the background would have made this, I'm telling you. Where is Hildegard Von Blingin when you need her?
I thought this is a second channel at first. I'm pleasantly surprised to watch this new series, it's fun. I'm looking forward to the next episode.
Bring some more people over! Especially after the bon appetit  fiasco bring others together man ik for a fact they would be willing to do that and creat something big with you!
I thought this is a second channel at first. I'm pleasantly surprised to watch this new series, it's fun. I'm looking forward to the next episode.
Happy to see someone that talented landing on her feet. This is great.
New name interesting
I can't think of a better universe for Sohla to be a part of, really! So happy to see your face here :)
make it sad would be epic hahhahahahah
My heart ❤️
BA fans welcome to BCU... starring Sohla!!
I love this
I'd love to see Sohla write out the list of ingredients she needs, and Babish's subsequent trip to the store to find everything - including whatever weird parphenalia she needs to complete the task!
Anddd im subscribing for sohla. So glad to see her on screen again 🥰
'People just ate all the cheese and than they died' Just an all around fantastic sentence
Love it :) :)!!!
"He's home sick? The wheel's covid?"
I think Sohla is still adjusting from the type of content she makes. The format is totally different from that of BA but in this video we can totally see how happy she is.😊
Cookvengers?! ASSEMBLE!
When bon appetit crashes and burns, Andrew comes to the rescue
Cool for sohla finding a new home on this channel ^^ looking forward to see more
In these trying times, between a global pandemic and the fallout of the BA universe on the youtube, this video could not be more important. Andrew (our most influential and satirical YT ''''chef'), chose wisely to make a video with Sohla. Her wisdom and skill is infinite. i could only hope that you both make a journey to Milwaukee. I'd love to show you around.
i feel like this video could have been like 3 times longer lmao
Omg!!!!! We love you guys!!!
Always love sohla chill personality shes gonna fit this channel a lot.
So good to see Sohla, just her natural demeanor always made me feel like what she was doing and explaining, regardless of difficulty, I should have a go myself.
:/
Oh my Gawd I love this!!!!!!!
Dora?
I'm totally in!!!!! Ahhhhh! Thank you Babish!
SOHLA HIVE!!!!!
Imagine picking to have her instead of Claire lmao
Congratulations on your new show Sohla!
YOOOOOOOOOOOOO
O. M. G.
idea to put just the name of the food in the title so the stumpage can be a surprise please thankyou x
Townsends is proud but also definitely cringing with this one
Finally Sohla's talent is getting showcased on camera. She was my favorite chef back at BA's channel and I'm so glad she seems to be doing great! She really deserves it and I hope more success comes her way.
Legends
She dressed as an Asian highschooler
U basically made Kässpätzle, a southern Germany staple :D
SOHLA!!! :D
Flame attract flame
The fact that Sohla not only has her own show now, but that the entire premise is based around her basically being a culinary genius? Poetic.
BUT BINGING WITH BABISH-
SOHLA !!!!!
SOHLA IS BACK LETS GOOOOOO
"Some claim" Don't you underestimate the power of swabian KÄSESPÄTZLE
Sohla is the personification of sunshine.
When did Babish turn into the iron chef 😆
OMG SOHLA IS BACK!! You're my favorite Sohla! I missed your content and your personality I'm so glad you were able to find a home with someone so great
People ate all the cheese and they died -Sohla
LOVED this can’t wait to see more. Sohla’s charm and skill shines through brilliantly. Hell yeah.
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died" 💀💀
Shout-out to all the work that's gone on behind the scenes to bring us this! It's awesome and can't wait to support this channel even more than I already do!   I would LOVE to see a series eventually that's like 'Sohla Tries to Make People Like a Food They Hate' where someone tells her about a food they HATE and she has to make a dish to try to convince them that it's good, actually.  Much love!
BCU: Ok Sohla, you have to cook it in the way of the 18th Century *Townsends entered the chat* Sohla: Ok... So.. did they have Elbow pasta in the 18th Century? Did they use sheep milk?" *Townsends left the chat*  Great Start, you guys:) looking forward to more of this. Sohla is a great addition to the Team:)
She cool 🙂 I like the new idea
Sohla ! Yaaaaaaaaaay!!!!
Love you Babish, but more Sohla please!
Welp not gonna lie. As I learn more and more about the history of cooking of various cuisines all over the world, it's crazy how ahead India was in terms of cooking techniques and equipment whem the world had started to develop their taste.
“I didn’t have any friends” can relate lollll I use to make little fires too with a magnifying glass and dried leaves LOL
That piano note/chord at 2:49 made think I was going to hear some classic Minecraft music...
If ur channel went Vegan, we would save sooo many animals...❤️
this is the best day of my life
Chefs should know how to do the basics, without the fancy equipment. This is sad and makes my heart hurt.
Omg thank you for snatching her up! Love Sohla so much💛 Will we see bits of Brad too?
1.2 million views in 19 hours! Amazing.  We have called for her to have her own show since the first video she appeared in. The love for her has been there from the start. I'm so excited for Sohla to finally have her own show, she thoroughly deserves it.
I love sohla tattoos.
This is so great, love Sohla! But oh no :( does this mean she’s not at Bon Appitet  anymore?
This is the show I needed in life right now. I can’t wait for the new Stump Sohla
This was awesome, cant wait to see the craziness that insues on the channel!
Escaping the clutches of Willy Wonka in 1975 Sohla El-Waylly went on to stints as a Bon Appetite contributor and now her own channel. "I'm truly excited." She said in a recent video. "Are you going to have cute songs." asked one reporter. "No F***ing way" screamed Sohla, in an off scripted moment. "We are so happy to see here spread her wings we couldn't be more embarrassed" said an executive from Bon Appetite.
Only the real ogs were here when it was just bingeing with babish
You support BLM. I hate your videos now.
Yeeeessssss!! Two of my YouTube faves together! When Andrew put out a teaser I thought it might just be another guest appearance, but so happy it's an entire show with Sohla! 😊😊😊
The BCU... ok then... let’s see how this goes from here.
Sweet, hopefully she will get the appreciation she deserves!
Loved this - informative and hilarious!
Really enjoy the content, strongly dislike the namechange. I've noticed this a few times with big time people on YouTube, is there some sort of monetary gain?  BCU sounds so much more corporate than Binging with Babish
Sohla rocks!!!
I am here for the BCU
Now you need to get the Townsends on the show!
I'm so happy rn
Sohla 😍🎉🥳🥳🥳
In Germany we still nowadays eat Käsespätzle lol
I LOVE YOU SOHLA!!!
This was awesome! Lots more, please! I was amazed by her skills, even her medieval torture device skills.
SoHLA YOU LOOK BETTER  THAN ANDREW. THank  g-d
Sohla is so beautiful!
I love learning some food history!!
Best thing that's happened in 2020. Looking forward to more episodes!!
I LOVE her tattoos.
This is such a perfect series idea for her and entertaining to all us fans to see her creativity really shine
FUCK YES SOHLA!
U would be a Great Show Moderator xD
Yo I like this
Comment for the algorithm because Sohla deserves it after the BA Hells Kitchen
Corduroy was most definitely a thing in the 18th century.
Yay Sohla! We missed your face! Delighted you are here to make us all so happy 😀
WOW I'm I glad I found this channel. It seriously keeps getting better and better.
"i didn't have any friends"  Well, that explains the overflowing creativity
I hate 2 b a buzz kill the video is great and all but you guys need to research 18th century or any other century do it before cooking recipes from back then but if it's not in the century improvise I guess
So good to see Sohla getting the spotlight she deserves.
i dont like where this is heading to be honest, i miss binging with babish. it was cool while it lasted
Ooo loving BCU!!! Can’t wait to see more!!! 😁✨💙
LOVE IT
I have no idea what "Make it sad :(" means but I cannot wait for the episode when the wheel lands on that.
ظ. ن خن  مظ عط١١٣٣٤٦نومهم٤
Are you still going to make tv shows food
MY GIRL IS BACK!!! SOHLAAAAAAAA!!!!
You guys should have contacted James Townsends for that one !
we're still going to have basics with babish right?
Oompa loompa !
Ive missed Sohla so much.... Yay!
Woah since when is the channel name babish culinary universe? I will miss binging with babbish
LOVE ME SOME SOHLA!!!
I'm excited to see the new direction of the channel!
why'd you change your name to Babish culinary universe?
YASSSS
Got one of your ads on this video 🤟
the mic that Babish is using in this video look like pewdiepie new mic
HOLY FUCK YES PLEASE
The cooking series I didn't know I needed in my life. Welcome to your BCU Sohla.
After she made fucking dessert carbonara I am 100% convinced there's no way Sohla can be stumped.
This looks really great! Not just the show, the whole BCU thing.... but the dish itself! I'm from Swabia, where Kässpätzle are from and this dish is a HUGE deal here. This version looked amazing!
Omg boiling water in walnut shells sounds adorable!!!!
Spätzle!!
where is the nutmeg? ooops wrong channel
but they did have stoves in the 18th century right? just metal with fire beneath it
This is everything I needed in my life
Aren't you kinda stepping on Townsend's toes? You're gonna be receiving a nutmeg bomb in your mail lol
Nice
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died." 🤣  ❤️ Sohla!!!
I've never seen this person before, but wow is she delightful
So 18th century mac and cheese are just 'Käsespätzle'? Okay cool.
he changed the name of channel well BCU sounds epic
Corduroy actually was a thing, gosh! lol
I think you're overestimating how primitive the 18th century was... they had matches. And ovens. And cows.
Sohla looks genuinely happy and that makes me happy
Wow... It is no more binging with Babish... It is Babish Culinary Universe.... I'm so happy and my heart is filled with joy... I'm about to cry 😭❤️
This is so amazing, I'm so glad Sohla is getting a show that clearly respects her skills
Hells' yeah Sohla. Get Brad too and the Babish family is complete !
This is awesome! Sohla deserves to shine!
SOHLA!!!
Please continue absorbing the talented people from BA into the BCU! I'd love to see Claire, Brad and everyone else come over to a channel that respects them and allows them to grow!
I fucking love Babish. One of the most professional and informative but laid back and easy to watch cooking channels on youtube.
Nonsense
Oh my gosh, I am so excited! I love Sohla and I am so excited to see you guys work more together! YAY!
omg Sohla is a culinary icon honestly
Why does her voice remind me so much of Jaiden Animations
It’s literally impossible for me to overstate how thrilled I am that you did this.
The deliberate mispronunciations really speak to me. Thank you for "schpeshel" and "boublage".
I am 100% content for the BCU to comprise the many and varied BA Test Kitchen refugees that Babish rescues and allows to grow in a way Bon Appetite refused to.   More Sohla! Always welcome in my subs box.
Where is John Townsend? This recipe calls for nutmeg! (Seriously though)
Ah yes. Now I can make Mac and cheese after the apocalypse
Cosiderable knowledge and skillset..    Mac and cheese anyone?
Super excited about this. Looks like a great new start to the BCU (ooooh, I get it!)
Not gonna lie, i thought I was visiting a second channel, it took me almost a day to realize this was formally Binging with Babish. This is gonna be very interesting! Can’t wait for more!
I LOVE SOHLA SO MUCH :'))) UGH SHE'S SO PRECIOUS
I don’t like the new name
RIP Bon Appetit
i love this a whole lot, babish.
Please get Brad Leone to do a regular show on your channel! He's perfect with you as well
OMGOMGOMFOMG I LOVE SOHLA
Queen shit
Yesss - BCU and Sohla is the best thing to happen in 2020 ❤  Btw... That's not mac&cheese, that's Käsespätzle! That's the childhood comfort food I used to Iove eating at my grandparents' 😁 Though I haven't ever seen it cooked on open fire outside medieval festivals xD Love from Austria
So is "Binging with Babish" merely temporarily sidelined or gone for good? This was very unexpected but a really cool video and I'm looking forward to seeing more of Sohla on your channel I like her style!
I first thought you meant Babish cinematic universe
I mean I hope this doesn't follow the trend of as soon as YouTube channels corporatise they immediately get worse but this doesn't seem too bad so far, transitions are pretty sketch though
This is literally one of the best shows I’ve seen in YouTube so far
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
I LOVE THIS! LOVE YOU SOHLA! 🤗
THIS IS SO COOL IM SO HAPPY TO SEE THIS HAPPEN AAAAAAAAAAA
In the 18th century they had wood fired stoves
My comfort tv is back! Now in a new 'universe' which actually respects the hosts. Hopefully more fun chefs are coming.
real happy with this episode but the entire intro i kept thinking SIBILENCE SIBILENCE SIBILENCE GET A DE ESSER
I already love this series
I'm so happy to see Sohla have her own show! She's able to shine as her unique self. Excited to see more of you.
Babish’s outfits make him look like a famous guy tryin to disguise as an average guy
Yasssss Sohlaaaaaa 😍
I don't like the name change.
Really really excited to see some new shows (and Sohla!!)
So she basically guessed that's how mac and cheese was made during that time period. The tittle is false advertisement...
It’s amazing to see Sohla get out of BA’s shadow and to see BWB expanding!!! This is massive
Love this direction of the channel
I thoroughly enjoyed this. Big fan of both of you looking forward to more great content :)
Not quite sure about this new channel I'm suddenly subbed to, though this new Andrew guy looks promising.... also refreshing to see Sohla after such a long time , but where is that channel, Binging with Babish....           OH, WAIT.
I said before with the tempering chocolate episode, you really gave Sohla the deserved kudos and I’m glad you’re now giving her props. May it continue!!
This just filled up my heart so much You guys are the best Thank you
Absolutely awesome you are expanding the way you are. Congrats, you deserve all the success. I'm so glad you are here. I'm so glad Sohla is joining you.
I've always maintained i don't want to time travel to the past bc of lack of women's/poc rights but "people just ate as much cheese as they wanted then they died" is a pretty good sell
Errr I kinda feel like you're setting yourself up for failure because in my mother tongue, "Sohla" means "Unstumpable".
Is sohla replacing half in the bag?
IM CRYING THIS IS THE BEST DAY EVER
Love this Universe!  Went from Gone Appetit to BCU, and I couldn't be happier.
Hey babish u shud check out an anime (food wars) and try to recreate some of the dishes
One handed on fire the clown
Our Sohla is trending! (#23 atm)  I'm so glad she finally got her own show. She deserves it.
Absoloutely love this, love Sohla, love Andrew, love this channel, can't wait to see more! Unfortunately I unironically said so cheesy at some point and am now embarrassed.
Once good show, now only a good memory. Sad
Is Brad coming ?
You had me at Sohla, love her!
Would you ever consider to cook something from food wars the anime ?
HELL YES I AM SO ON BOARD WITH THIS
I _reaaaally_ kinda hope this is just a really late April Fool's joke or something...as nice as these new people are, I just hate the name change. I've been subbed since almost the beginning of this channel's start, and seeing the name change so drastically all of a sudden  without any warning, makes me feel really sad for some reason... Imho, it would've been better to just have started a new channel for you and your friends, and just kept the solo channel linked to it/promote it at the end of your videos. I wish you would've gave me and others a chance/time to adjust..  It's a damn shame, but..I'm afraid this might be the end of my sub journey with this channel. I subbed to watch you, Andrew, not a bunch of strangers. Regardless, I wish you the best. :'( Goodbye,..Andrew. Best of luck.
dora is cooking now .. noice
Babish just evolved Pokémon style
Props to Babish for bringing on such a culinary genius into the BCU fold. We have no choice but to stan. I’ll follow Sohla to hell and eat well while doing it
I'm so glad Sohla is back on the Youtube! This is great
What's with the name change?
This show makes more sense when im high
Love Sohla
She lookes like an oompa loompa
R.I.P.  Binging With Babish
YESSSSS
I would be more impressed if you were filming this with 18th century camera
Solha is fun and adorable.
She reminds me of dora
Sohla is just like George Motz of the burger show
Babby, so happy to see you evolve! Staying tuned for all the Babish goodness to come!
Yes yes yes. I need this in my life.
mac.n.cheese was invented in 1937
I hope he adopts all the Bon Appetit chefs
Not the persona or video format i subbed for
I love this new show! it's cool, creative, has a nice twist to it and I really love how it brings out the more comedic side of Babby. Also Sohla is an amazing person and a pleasure to watch!!!
This was DELIGHTFUL and a gift to humanity
Sohla is straight up one of my ABSOLUTE favorite YouTube cooking personalities! I'm so happy about this pairing. Thank you, both, do much for the info and content and enjoyment of life in general!
love the new rebrand, andrew!
Child me retroactively REALLY wants to be friends with child Sohla
“Can’t wait you see what you do next”  ALL OF US CAN NOT WAIT TO SEE WHAT SHE DOES NEXT 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
aaaa, i love sohla! i’m so happy to see her here working with you. very much looking forward to this segment in the future 🥰
Sohla:  "I don't know how to do this"  *knows how do do every step perfectly
I LOVE THIS 😭
Does anyone know the name the recorder piece playing when Sohla tries to start the fire?
Babish and Sohla, I didn't know I wanted this combo but I'm happy about it.
off topic, almost meta:  as soon as i read "babish culinary universe" i read it out loud again and asked to myself "what the fuck is that? is this guy for real?"  i'm very glad i could see you turn into a total machine in real time. Been here since you made the amazing aglio e olio pasta from Chef and you got me hooked up on cooking since,
I believe you just made kasespatzle: Swabian dishes for the WIN!
Fun fact. Mac and cheese was a hugely popular dish in 1700 France. Thomas Jefferson in particular was so enamored by the dish he brought it back to America and served it at nearly every dinner he hosted. Not many of the founding fathers liked going to his dinners.
This is the kind of wholesome/wholemeal content I have been wanting. So glad you have Sohla on board :)
Ima eat all the cheese and die
This is awesome! Me next!
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, and then they died.” Sounds like a good life to me.
Would have been a perfect opportunity to collaborate with the Townsends channel.
Aber das sind doch "nur" Käsespätzle!! Haha nvm I love this show welcome Sohla <3
SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! <3333333
You ever considered doing the foods from Percy Jackson? Ambrosia, Nectar, Lotus flowers etc
Yaaaayyy!!!!
18th Century anxiously watching this video
"This might not be good" aka the biggest lie Sohla El-Waylly likes to tell
Wonderful episode! Looks like a fun series!  Btw, yes they had mac'n cheese in the 18th century. Lil' Tommy Jefferson didn't invent it, but he ate a ton of it and popularized it with the Americas.
Oh god oh god oh god yaaaaaaaay sohlaaaaa
As a german, I really enjoyed Sohla yelling Spätzle like an excited child.
Babish and Sohla are just cute chef nerds and I’m loving it.
BCU > MCU
Great new show Babish! Love the idea and this episode is entertaining. One suggestion: next time try not to endanger national treasure and kitchen maven, Sohla El-Waylly. Just a thought.
Ok so whos going to make the the hamilton joke??
Please I need desert carbonara
Can you try and make Minnies pie from The Help? It would be a great challenge to make.
Hooray!!! this is so exciting love to see it! Can't wait for more sohla!!!
babish: 18th century  Sohla's brain: had fire been invented in the 18th century BC yet?
SOOOOOHHHHHLAAAA!!!
Babish got Vinny, now Sohla, gonna steal all of BA at this rate lol
Im so happy for Sohla going from being undervalued in a shit company to being the star of her own show this is awesome :)
YES SOHLA
So many great changes! Sohla being here feels right!
I love this!! Welcome Sohla 🎉🎉
Sohla ftw!
I thought this was Townsends Babby :/
I love her *Sigh*
This makes me so happy! Sohla is absolutely delightful I'm so excited to see more episodes of this
I'm not ready for this
At first I was like, “Babish Culinary Universe??? That’s a bit of a mouthful.”   And then it clicked as being “BCU”, and I said “that’s pretty sweet” out loud
This is awesome!
Townsends walked so Babish could run
Loving the new name for the chanel ! I always watch your shows with my mom while I cook for her she loves you!
Soooo excited to see the series!!!!
oooohhh oooohhhh add brad next!
Yasssss German spätzle😍
What happened to the old "Binging with Babish" title?
TRULY cannot express my extreme delight at seeing Sohla in videos again.
I love babish's new upload schedule i can wake up every second say and find his vid i love it
*hasn't even watched the video yet, but hits subscribe immediately*
If you just did an 18th Century cooking show I'd be so down!
Death by cheese sound like my kinda way to go if i ever feel like killing myself...
She is cool, what the hecc is the name of the piece playing in the background it's killing me
Bloopers tho 😂
are you going to continue with your previous style of videos? I'll watch anything ya upload within reason
She's fun
Very lovely production. Will watch again
binging with babish had a nicer ring to it
So glad sohla is on the channel she's awesome!
I'm a simple man. I see Sohla, I subscribe & watch the entire damn thing.
soo the fire pit was actually a fire hazard? why would anyone build one that exploded o.O
THIS VIDEO MAKES ME SO HAPPY, i’m so happy for babish and so happy for sohla, just precious 🧡🧡😭😭😭
After all the BA drama, this feels unreal!✨
If it's going to be the BCU, you're going to need an intro of flicking through your cookbook really fast while music of suitable bombastic nature plays.
NOW POACH MORE CHEFS FROM CORPORATIONS
i just hate  Sohla's hair style.   pretty girl, cute face  but the hair cut looks really aweful it looks  like "Rahul cut" that is given to  2-3 years old babies in my region.  so seeing   a 2/3 years old baby hair cut on a grown women  really makes me "mildly infuriating"
I absolutely love this and I'm so happy for Sohla and did I mention I love this
feels very Good Eats
I’m SO excited for this series!!
2:50 Never started a fire before and she trying to start it with random rocks, haha, good to learn new things!
I love everything about this
So happy this works for both of them, this is awesome
It’s... it’s PERFECT
Omg she’s ADORABLE, great addition to the channel!
SOHLA!!! ❤️
**Townsends wants to know your location**
This is wonderful
AAAAHHHHHHHH YESSSSSSSS!!!!!
I guess that Gooberberry video was the last Binging With Babish, now that it's the BCU, that's a big deal, congratulations to both of you!
Sohla opening the milk jug with a fire poker inspired fear in my heart
this makes me smile
Stealing Townsend’s swag
Ill miss the old name tbh, binging with babish had a nice ring to it
This is amazing just goes to show if you leverage yourself in a good position with talent and hard work you can develop great mutually beneficial relationships others.
The 18th century Mac and cheese is 18 on trending
Okay, this was an amazing watch.
I am in. Awesome stuff thanks
when in doubt use a candle
We love you Sohla!!!
This make me so happy!
gonna give townsends a run for his money.
If I could like this twice I would
Just to let you know, BCU is a credit union in Boise
love the bcu pls do more for this, yall are a bunch of amazing chefs
No one commenting on Andrew's dope drip? Love the suit, man.
Sad to see the old chaanel name go, but I like the new changes
I love this so much. I absolutely love Sohla, she was one of my favorites on Bon Appetite. She deserved so much more than she got and dealt with. Babish and her have great work chemistry and this is just so wonderful. 😭
It would’ve been nice to see her forage her ingredients
OH MY GOD SOHLA!!!!!!!! IM SO SO SO EXCITED THIS IS THE THING I NEVER KNEW I NEEDED!!!!!!!!!
Sohla El-Waylly? That's a subscription!
90% of comments: "people ate all the cheese they wanted until they died" 09% of comments: Using a firestick to open jar. .99% of comments: Firepit explodes .01% of comments: Babish Culinary Universe!!?!? Whooah!!
Also jfc Sohla’s lifeline has to be Brad. It’s mandatory lol
"Käsespätzle" or "Kasspotzn" is what we call this in Austria ;) except for the bechamel sauce
No one: This doesn't make sense. I'm not dying with joy that Sohla has joined Babish .
I look forward to the day when Sohla is finally stumped. I doubt it will ever happen, though. 😅
AHHHHH BABBBBYYYYYYY!!! I’m so happy for you dude!! You deserve it so much, you wholesome bastard!! So excited to see what new directions your channel gets to take in these crazy times, and what better guest than Sohla! Congrats on your new sponsors dude! I love this series already!
THANK YOU FOR FINDING SOHLA A HOME!! She's an absolute treasure.
Tragic missed opportunity for a Sohla - Townsends crossover episode
When did babby change his channel name
So that doesn't happen again, you guy's should probably get some Fire Brick or something to insulate it from the Concrete. I imagine the concrete had a lot of Water and Air Pockets that were getting too hot and caused it to, well explode after the pressure built up to much. Likely a result of either poor Concrete laying oooor there's been a lot of Erosion over time.
That new channel name is a mouthful. Imagine trying to tell your friends that you watch Babish Culinary Universe....Why not just rename it to 'Binging with friends' or something similar.
HECK YEAH, SOHLA!!   Also, mac & cheese is surprisingly old. I wonder if Townsends has a video on it yet...
Adding Sohla to Babish = 🤯😃❤ I think she will thrive in the BCU! She is smart and charismatic. I adore her.  Also: Spaetzle is love. I am the byproduct of a German-American father born in upstate PA. I have a soft-spot for any dish involving spaetzle. She did a great job 👏
I never knew Dora the explorer had a new show
WHO ELSE COULD NOT BE HAPPIER THAT SOHLA IS BACK ON YOUTUBE?!
I hope she's actually getting paid this time
i think this has to be my new favorite quote, "back then they don't have to worry about long term health so they ate all the cheese they wanna eat and then they died" very tragic but oh so philosophical
The BCU just knocked one out of the park with this addition to the team! Congratulations! Here's to many videos and a productive environment for all it's creators!!
Glad to see Sohla back in action. But really, why is Jon Townsend not here? I know that man doesn't fly, but send a horse for him!
I fucking LOVED this. I can’t wait for more. Sohla FOREVER!!!
It looks like  its just cheese fondue.
Bruh has it really been five years.... 🥺 I'm soft
👏👏👏Sohla, we are here for you! 🙌
Sohla!!! Hey, girl, hey!
I wish there was a way to like this more than once! Yay Sohla!!!
Love love love
Welcome to the team, Sohla! This was a joy to watch and I can't wait to see what you do next!
QUALITY CONTENT
Thank god its not basics I love this shit
I didn’t know I needed this
Love Sohla!
OMG, the two tiny whisks in the lapel pocket.
She’s finally getting paid!!!!!!
Making Spätzle the traditional way is kinda tricky that's why we have a machine now but you did so good. My Swaibian Grandma would be proud of you!
I love that there is a Babish extended universe of cooking.
Hi Sohla !
If Sohla play among us and she said she is an imposter no one would believe
I really hope that Sohla gets treated better with Babish than she did at previous institutions.
Damn, that was unexpected!!!!! Her recipes in the BA channel were awesome and I really wanted to see more of her repertoire, in both Indian and other cuisines.
This lady looks like Mrs. swan from MADtv.
Loved it
sohla with her little mumbling to herself is literally the cutest i love her she is so relatable
:( But macaroni and cheese has been around since the 14th century, and the modern kind we all eat was invented in... the 18th century
THIS IS KING AND QUEEN BEHAVIOR ICB BABISH AND SOHLA IM SO HAPPY
Glad to see Sohla will now be receiving money for her profession.
Pls get married
I see you all discussing Townsend, but is no one else thinking of Cheyney McNight aka Not Your Momma’s History???!!? I desperately need this video to be revisited in a collab with her. She’s a fellow New Yorker AND a pro 18TH century hearth cook
I came for the Babish. But I stayed, for the Sohla.
love this! well done to the BCU
Babish has only been doing this a few years and still gave Sohla a better deal than BA for video content. That tells the world how insulting BA’s offer was.
Oh, I like this show!!! This was great!!!
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reason to smile:-))))
Fun fact: The word "long" is shorter then the word "Short"
All my homies love Sohla
Fun fact, what sohla made is called in German käsespätzle and is a common German dish
This channel literally opened with a bang
That “fork” Andrew was using to eat looks like it is meant for creating braided cord
YES
here for this
I AM HYPE. I crawled into bed drunk and this is everything I wanted to watch before going to sleep.
I remember you saying you wanted to focus on the food itself and not the person/people making it.      I love the show, and ill watch regardless, but com'n...  back to basics....
Can we talk about the fact that this man went from making turkey burgers in his apartment to running an entire cooking network. Like wow.
So excited to see more of Sohla in a starring role!
as a historical violinist who specializes in 18th century music, and as a foodie, i whole heartedly approve of this episode... i should have been in the background playing the music while sohla cooked... hahahaha! i even have a copy of an 18th century men’s shirt, waistcoat and jacket that i used in my master’s research... keep the cool content coming!!!!! :-D
So happy to see Sohla on YT again.  I assume Babish is going to Do The Right Thing and keep her happy.  :D I am also so sad that I am not currently eating Mac&Cheese, 18th century or modern.  I just want to cram M&C into my mouth all the time.
Two of my favorite youtube cooks join forces together, thx Babish i love u Sohla
I hope sohla doesn't burn you like she burned bon appetit
I'm so hyped Sohla is getting the respect she deserves.
S O H L A !!!!! 😍😍
I really want Sohla to make astronaut food of whatever the next food is!
It’s what she deserves
Sohla!!! We have missed you
I really hope this is leading to Babish collecting all of the Infinity Chefs from BA.
WHY!? What is this.... Babish Culinary Universe.... I don't like it.... I don't like change....
also, did these mf's really just build a fire put on concrete that isn't made for fire?! did they really get that far without finding out that's explosive?!?!
Good video but you spelled Spaetzle wrong.
RIP in peace BA test kitchen :'( but good fvcking riddance rapo and conde nast
This was amazing!
great production babby and guest star
holy shit he owns other clothes
We still gonna call it Binging with Babish right?
Ahhhhhhhh SOLAH with BABISH I'm so excited!!!! Fuck yes
When did he change the name??
SOHLA~~~!!! But seriously,  Medieval cooking channel sounds pretty damn nice. Especially, "modern" food medieval style.
The name of this channel will always be binging with babish in my heart
I am so looking forward to seeing her show!!!
So excited!!! Yes! Love her!
She looks like a mix between farqaud and dora
Love this! I missed Sohla! Thank you Babish!
When they had the technical difficulties and the ad break I ended up getting an ad for ranch with Babish in it
WOW, I am in lOOOOOVE with this!
*not to be rude sohla after quitting ba needs a new meme, i propose old dora the explorer now exploring kitchen without restriction
this is the best day of my freaking life
So Good!!  Can't wait for more!
I love this!!!! Babish is a legend! Such an Inspiring person in my life!
Sohla! Awesome :)
Sell out
Sohlaaaaaa!!! I always thought she deserved to have her own independent platform <3
did anyone else as a kid just order Mac and cheese-
literally the fastest sub ive ever did, the power of sohla
Ahhh i legit thought this was a Townsends vid at first! Dope tho
The idea of being in the 18th century and just eating cheese without abandon is a strangely pleasant idea until you remember everything else about living in the 18th century.
Dora + Lord Farquaad
I LOVEEEE THISSS THIS IS AMAZINGGGGGG!!!!❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I’m so happy this exists!
whats with Tainted Dora character ?
Andrew in Jorts!!!!!!
I had never heard of Sohla until today, but I am VERY glad to have met her! Down for this new BCU and further Sohla shenanigans, or Sohlanigans if you will. If you won’t, that’s cool.
I see you're  staying true to the 18th century part of the dish by making a woman do it
I love seeing Soulja again, especially on here!!!!
I love this! Thank you for bringing Sohla over to your channel...although I do miss BA.
We put the U in BCU. Some Aussies will get that.
I will never forgive you for not partnering with Townsends for this
This was great and I never leave comments on videos ever. I assume your paying her well?
This was a perfect opportunity to collab with James Townsends
Sohla was one of my fav people in bon appétit and I'm so happy to see her again!
this is amazing!! so excited for sohla to be a part of this BCU!!
The pocket tiny whisk is both stylish and practical.  A+
Seeing the thumbnail, I was really hoping to see babish dressed as an 18th century mother. You can imagine my dissapointment to see this was not the case 😢
I'm so sorry. But I almost peed when you explained why you were going to use so much cheese. 😂😂😂😂 10/10 would recommend purely for your rational.
Nice to see shola again
So glad to see Sohla joining up with Babish! This is wonderful!
I LOVE SOHLA!! Hurray!
So is this gonna be a newer, better bon appetit?
SOHLAAAAAA 🥺🥺🥺🥰🥰🥰
Best thing ever!!
This is fucking amazing
I'M SO EXCITED I LOVE SOHLA 😭💗
but why am i crying
I’m here for this new show💕👌
Who’s eating Mac and cheese while watching this
i feel like she should use a face protection, the one used for soldering, i'm sure 18th century chef used those
I wonder who is going to join the BCU next? I'm so ready for this.
“Back then they died young. There was no concern for long term health. People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died.”  I wish this applied now
Sohla is seriously OP
IM SO HAPPY FOR SOHLA!! She's finally getting the attention she deserves :)
i have absolutely no words!! this is amazing
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SOHLA
Wasn't she the one that destroyed Bon Appetite?
THIS RULES!! I love Sohla so much and I'm stoked to see her still making content! This is the best!
I’m really excited to see this channel grow!! Sohla is a great addition to the team❤️
We  love you Sohla!
Have always been a fan of binging with banish, new directions are always difficult, have seen sohla before and she is insane! Great combo here and hope they keep doing videos together
No bullshit they would be an amazing couple😂
Unsubbed.
I genuinely approve of this XD Its funny its a tad bit chaotic and cringy (in a good way) all in one
So exciting!!!
God bless u babish
WE'RE HERE FOR SOHLA!
Babish taking over Bon Appétit I see
Yassss sohla!!!!
I am only two minutes in and I already have a massive grin on my face. Well done team Babish and we haven't even gotten to the "meat" of the episode yet. Just what I needed after a day at work with a stomach ache and flaky coworkers.
This was really historical.
So thrilled at this collaboration and excited to see what's next! The outtakes made my day.
More Sohla, always <3
This is sooo awesome! I hope you are branching out and become as big as Bon appetite!!!
"Ate all the cheese... and then they died" what a life LOL
If you ever want to learn anything 18th century, I and a few others can help. We even have a few food historians in our group. Including food preservation.
this would have been a perfect crossover for Townsends
This is awesome!!!!!!! It's just what we needed!!! 😁😁😁👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
When i first saw the new name I was thinking this was some fan channel who uploaded Binging with Babish's videos. I was a little saddened with the actual discovery but a little excited
May your forks remain sharp and food overflow from your larder
I remember watching other videos of sohla and wishing she had her own show and I'm so excited to see this YouTube series 😊
HELL YEAH SOHLA!!!
How fun! Love Sohla. :)
Does anyone know the name of the song in the background at 5:45
OH MY GOD I WOULD MAKE LITTLE HOLES AND COOK FORAGED FOOD LIKE THAT AS A CHILD.  NUTS AND FRUITS AND TUBERS I'M DYING!!!!!
That's the same cast iron utensil set I use for 18th century reenacting.
Dude, some of those options on the Sohla wheel are bruuuutal
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS QUEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEN
This was nice Much needed
I thought this was Townsends until I clicked on it ;-; You should do a co-op with him.
Love Sohla
wow, 15 hours after release, and still #21 on trending
i havent replied to vids for a while now i am replying twice in the same day well done sohla
They did. Jefferson invented it.
Love it guys, good work making this progression. Don't loose that old banish format but I like this new flare.
I’ve never liked her personality.
Mr. Pearson would have so many questions.
This was not only a good business move, but also a wonderful way to showcase great talent on your channel. Thank you Babish for supporting great chefs (like Sohla!) & creating a great community. Also this concept is hilarious and I appreciate the cheesy game host introduction ❤️❤️
There was a missed joke there. Could've been "Ooh baby I love your WHEY"
I'm so excited for this series.
Yeah<3 look at that butter
Gonna miss binging with babish
What a terrible hire, you should have left her and everyone else involved in the disaster that was BA behind
5:07  The fire’s shooting at us!
Glad to see you didn't sell out Andy.
Wow I missed her. What a loss for BA.
I love that Sohla looks happy ❤️
She's great, But... She's not Bald Babbish bae
I knew it was only a matter of time before you found a home.  I'm happy for you!  This was amazing.
Sohla you seem so much happier!!! I love your energy and honesty in this! I laughed with you the whole time!
cant wait to see more Sohla. hopefully she is treated better than she was in the past with previous employers.
Is it mac and chese for peasant? And the rich eat boiled turbot?
Glad to see her again. Sohla is so talented.
Bruh,  You're trending!!!!!!!
Why am smiling so much?!?! I can't stop smiling and I'm 2min in!  I finished and smile got bigger 😂
Great job! The only thing it's missing is freshly grated nutmeg.
I'm a little puzzled by what Sohla thinks the 18th century was, but that final product looked so delicious.
Fuck yeah love to see Sohla get a show finally
So glad to see Sohla active on youtube again after the whole thing with BA.
YES YES YES YES YES to these series! Love you both so much!
Sohla is awesome as always. Babish turned into Alton Brown for a bit, and I ain’t even mad.
This is quality content
Brilliance, humor, dimples and singing, subbed.
Sohla looks so much happier now compared to when she was with BA
BLESS <3
Actually, there was Mac and Cheese in the 18th century. Thomas Jefferson introduced it, though it didn't catch on. And it certainly wasn't what we eat now.
This is so exciting!!!
Request for a Sohla, Babish and Josh Weissman collab. I desperately crave for that chaos.
Awesome more sohla please.
What happened to Bon Apetit ? 🥺👉🏻👈🏻
Oh, I’m so happy. Thank you Andrew
You need to make the sumbitch cookies from how I met you mother!!!!!
WOW IM SO HAPPY FOR SOHLA SHES SO HAPOY
This is so good I’m gonna cry. I missed Sohla so much 😭😭 I’m already committed to Stump Sohla
GOD IS WATCHING AND HE KNOWS YOU ARE NOTHING BUT A PREDATOR ANDREW REA.
So happy to see Sohla going on to greater things! Was a fan of you and BA and I'm certainly a fan of you here!
BIG POG WOW YES
This is incredible!
I'm so here for this! I love Sohla.
R A P E I S A C R I M E
I love it
Episodes should be longer, like 20 minutes minimum long.
I’m so so so stoked for Sohla!! She’s a delight and deserves so much praise and recognition.
This might be my new favorite cooking “show”
Sohla! Yes!!! This is so cool!
Please keep her! Clearly she works her ass off and yet, she still has a positive attitude. Seeing her do that makes me want to help her. Her husband or boyfriend is lucky as Hell
All BA had to do was pay her. Now Babish has a great addition to the team.
SOHLA!!!
so proud of you guys!! real shit
Kudos for playing Bach.
Ahh! I’m so happy to see Sohla again, she is a treasure and I cannot wait to see more of Stump Sohla!
You should switch it up.   Long hair with no beard.
Meh...
SOHLAC & CHEESE
why the channel name change?
Both interesting and hilarious!  Love your content Mr. Andrew.  Or Mr. Babish  Whatever you prefer lol
Actually, flour even significantly long ago was fine. And people knew how to light fires. Sorry, I don't find this sort of "people in the past were dumb and useless" approach entertaining. We decided not to watch this, it was like the antithesis of Babish expertise.
I love love loooove everything about this. 🥰
Anybody caught the ODB reference
Get Brad here now
2020: BCU established 2021: Purchased by Disney
Reminding me of Townsend
YAS!!! MORE SOHLA!!
I already love you, Sohla! I wanna make tiny hole fires & rice & cakes with you, Sohla! Welcome, Sohla <3
Fancy Pasta 😁
BON APPETIT WALKED SO BABISH CULINARY UNIVERSE COULD RUN
I LOVE THE GAMESHOW BIT ITS INCREDIBLE
Cheddar grows so strong before my eyes! Oh I love to see it age..  And then the whey turns white, white white.... Cause your cherve, just won't wait hey Ooh baby I love your cheese, every day
2 and a half minutes and i already love her 🔥💖🔥  EDIT: I saw the video I don’t just love her I’m IN LOVE 😍
That ain’t no Sophia that’s Dora the explorer ❌🧢
I’m so glad to see Solha ! Especially since Bon Appetit did her so dirty!
Am i a bad person for saying thay she kinda looks like an oompaloompa?
This is a power move
Its so good to see sohla get the platform she deserves
This makes my heart happy. Long live the BCU!
I’ve been here since before Basics and am beyond excited to see where the Universe goes next. Here’s to many many many more
Yessssss Sohla!!!! Love her so much, so glad she’s in the babish world now!
Sooo whats up with her vibe? Its awesome lol🙃
What happened to the hot dogs?
So good to see sohla! Love this concept, can’t wait for more
Sohla ❤❤❤
No more binging with Babish? Damn
This is glorious I love it so much. The bit where Sohla told nobody to help her as she clearly struggled with that lid.....I felt it in every fiber of my being. Thank you for this wonder.
I just made spaetzle a couple nights ago, dammit I wish I would've thought aboot this :(
Yessssssss!!!!!!!
Tiny wheel! Tiny wheel! Tiny wheel!
SOHLA ♥️♥️
Yeahhhhhh, these can be 2 hrs long, Every one of us is cool with that.
This is fireeeeee
I don't like the new name. Sorry.
YEEEEEEES, omg great show dude!!!
Maybe I'm spoiled by tasting history and shows like it, but I'm finding calling this "18th century mac" without any historical basis (Like a recipe from a historical document or a historian)  disappointing. It was more of "I think this is 18th century..." but came off as prepper mac and cheese: Let's see how to make mac and cheese when the world ends and the grid is down man. Which is fine and all, (Considering the dumpster fire of 2020)  just maybe a different name was in order. How about APOCOLYPTIC MAC AND CHEESE!?
It probably wasn't the concrete it actually might be the wood try using maple wood and avoid cedar because the sap in it will explode.
“Eternal flame”, I almost choked on my ramen laughing so hard
I thought I clicked on a Townsend video for a sec
*Gourmet makes has left the chat*
Wait, when did he rename the channel?
Prefer bwb but Bcu still good. I’m down
Sohla, big mountain references and classical music to making 18th century mac and cheese. I can die happy now
Lol SOHLAAAAAAAAAAAA WHOOOOOOOOP!
Eww BCU? I mean u do you but binging with Babish has a home feel kinda not now
Sohla!!!!!
sohla: smart amazing and talented person also sohla: picks at the milk jar's lid with a long poker stick
*Please make Bill Gannon's BBQ sauce from "Dragnet."*
SOHLAAAAA YES
So he's not binging? 😅
Ok I enjoyed this!!!
Thank you so much for bringing sohla on board! Shes amazing! I jumped up and down like a small giddy child when i heard about this!!
Ah yes. Babish Culinary Universe. and opposite Babish Alternate Culinary Universe aka BACU where Babish doesnt know how to cook but is still is popular on this platform
Whoa; after the death of BA, I was worried I wasn't gonna see Sohla El-Waylly anymore. Glad to see that that anxiety of mine was misplaced.
why the long nAmE cHaNgE
Make her choose between different kitchen equipment to make a recipe. Like  something she has little skill with.
this was amazing and I am looking forward to more episodes!
Miss Sohla soo much
Some scholars think that spätzle with cheese was Beethoven's favorite food.
sohla was always my favorite 🥺
Townsends and Mrs Crocombe are weeping.
So excited for the BCU, this show is a wonderful start!
This is so great, Sohla is such an inspiration the way she always rolls with the punches and figures things out her own way! Finally a show where she can truly test and show off her incredible skills, this is exactly the content I needed!!
BA is punching the air right now.
WE LOVE SOHLA
So close to Mac and Cheese ice cream!
Sohla is my spirit animal.
Can’t wait for Sohla to spin “make it sad” or “make it scary” 🥺👹😂
I’m happy Sohla is being treated with respect after hearing about what she went through with BA
I love Sohla!! Thank you for having her on your show!!!!
luv sohla
I love Sohla!!! Yay!! So glad you're here Sohla!
Sohla is so beautiful, smart, and talented. 💜
Yay can't wait to see what  curve balls the show throws at Sohla !
Ahhhhh finally more sohla
Glad Sohla got an opportunity like this. Thanks, Babish, for taking care of your fellow creators.
Is there a tiny wheel?
Babby's suit with the fckuing tiny whisks? amazing. love it. And the exploding concrete? This is what Im here for.
Absolutely amazing for you to bring on Sohla.  The world needs more people like you in it, both of you
I’ve missed Sohla so much 💜
I'm literally so siked for this new show!
Yes! Love Sohla!!
So long bingeing with babish.... HELLO BCU
SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA, SOHLA
perfect opportunity for a Townsends crossover
I AM SQUEALING I LOVE I AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH!!!!!
Wow, love the concept, but, please, how about people who have spent years learning about the culinary history or area to be presented. There are already plenty of experimental cooking shows on youtube already.
Omg I love this!!!!!
Yes yes yes. I am all for this. This is fantastic. I love you guys so much. ❤️❤️❤️
So happy to see Sohla able to have a large audience as she deserves despite all the recent drama.
THIS is the content I signed up for
Having her use an 18th century wood fire oven would have made this about 100 times easier but i suppose it would have been less entertaining Also im pretty sure you could have at least given her a table and not have her squat the whole time
I find the lack of nutmeg highly disturbing.
I love kasespatzle, glad it's getting some love <3
Gotta get townsends on this one
I’m so so thankful Sohla is finally getting a better position! She was my fav from Bon Appetit and I can’t stand how they treated her and all of the bipoc chefs.
Omfg. Yasssss Sohla. Sohla. Sohla. I love love her so much!!!!!
Come for Sohla!
Ngl getting some mad Buzz feed Tasty vibes from this.... not my favorite but I’ll stick around
I'm happy for babish  and sohla  I miss the ba  videos, but you gotta fight the fight if you know you're  right
This is like Microsoft acquiring Bethesda
Great format, great content. These two have a great dynamic. I'd love to know the story behind Sohla's half-sleeves (if there is one)!
That was actually incredible! I wanna do it!
YESSSSS SOHLA!!!!!!!!!
I AM SO HAPPY
Not a massive fan of this change up.
This was so good! Looking forward to seeing more of Sohla!
BCU is basically just taking everyone from the BA test kitchen and I’m living for it 🎈🧸
i cannot express how overjoyed i am for this series. sohla was the main reason i & many others were still watching BA before their mistreatment came to light. she's just so beyond smart & genuinely entertaining to waych. i hope condé nast knows exactly what they've lost. i'm so incredibly proud & excited to see what's next!
i love babish. i love sohla. im so glad she found a great new home.
How come every new Babish video I watch, I only get the Hidden Valley Ranch ad with Babish in it?
All the cottagecore peeps are eating this up.
I'm so happy for both of you
Can barely hear ya Andrew! You're very quiet the whole video. <3
I. Fucking. Love. Sohla.
Good for you Andrew! Sohla deserves it, big time!!! mad respect
HE REBRANDED?! WHEN DID THIS HAPPEN?!
Love the new series! Sohla is so endearing depsite being incredibly knowledgeable.
Sohla finally gets a show of her own where she can be as creative as she wants. I'm so excited for this.
*Townsends would like to know your location*
AAAAHHH IM SO EXCITED!!!! THIS IS AMAZING. Now we know that Sohla will be treated right!
OMG I AM SO EXCITED
I fucking love this
feels so so nice to be here watching sohla!!!
8:48 “ehhhh?? You don’t care...” YOU COULD NOT BE MORE WRONG, SOHLA. I CARE POSSIBLY TOO MUCH ABOUT THIS NEW SERIES.
Alright now all we need is Brad and that would be great plz so yeah get on that haha
We are keeping binging with babish as solely babish right?
It’s what she deserves 😊
I don't even really like this guy, but now that Sohla is doing a show, I have to subscribe.  Damn you, Babish!  You got me!
Hooray! What a delight to see Sohla land in a new home where she's appreciated for the amazing culinary powerhouse / awesome human she is. Can't wait to watch each week! ♥️
Can we get almost like a "postgame" episode, where you both make a similar recipe to se how close the attempt was? For example, according to the Smithsonian, the first mac and cheese recipe is believed to be from Northern Europe around 1769.
I lost my mind when I saw their instagram posts about this! So exciting and I'm happy that Sohla is getting the exposure and the platform to continue having fun and doing cooking videos
I just realized that I hadn't seen a BA video in a while, and then this. I love me some binging with babish or the BCU as it seems to be called now. <3 Sohla, glad to see her land at such an awesome place with babby.
Double dip CORONA VIRUS!
Thank you for bringing Sohla on board. I freaking adore her!!!
So glad to see Sohla has joined the Babish team!
For should make the spaghetti and marinara from the Daft Punk Revolution 909 music video
IM SO HAPPY SOHLA'S HERE
I had a huge smile on my face the whole time watching this. Congratulations to Sohla! I am very excited to see what is to come 🤩
"topical"
I actually didn’t notice the name change until you mentioned it in the video 🤔
I'll follow you anywhere sohla. <3
I know it`s likely never to happen, but it would be absolutely AMAZING if you got the actress for Mrs. Crocombe  to come and cook some good old Victorian cuisine.
Wait everything about this new change is amazing!! Can't wait to see the channel and content grow even more, and having this queen be the first one to premium the show? Amazing.
I laughed so much during this. It's the perfect mix of wholesome, educational, and hilarious.
good luck Sohla..
Made my day, guys. Dying to see more from Sohla!
10 million points to Andrew for this! Happy to see Sohla back on YT. <3
I thought I clicked on a townsends video
It’s up to babish to reunite all of the BA staff with Vinny
Please I beg you do all of uncle irohs teas
YES MORE OF THIS!!
why did the channel name change what did i miss i only missed a few videos what
Heavy Townsends vibes right now
Subscribing for Sohla - for your data
Binging with babish is still one of the scheduled shows on the channel, just because he changed the channel's name doesn't mean everything is going to change
Hell yeah!!!! Sohla!!!
So happy Sohla is here to stay!!! Love y’all!!!
you get a token bwb
its calling camping today...
Imagine little Sohla cooking tiny rice cakes in a wall nut shell in a hot in the forest? Backyard?
This is phenomenal I’m so so happy to be able to watch sohla again 💖
Dope
No, your name is Babish.
Not a good choice of firewood. I knew when I first saw it that it was going to spit a lot of sparks at Sohla. To be fair, it was her first fire, and there was apparently nobody around to teach her how to do it.
LOL you were in the ad before the video so it was just babish before babish
I hope Babish adopts all of the BA team
The patented Sohla sigh and sarcasm. 😍
Loved it!
SOHLA😍
YAAAAAAAS ITS HAPPENING!  God I just want the BA Staff here so they and Babish can just start a new food Empire. Lol
Yes, this is so amazing!!! Love sohla and babbi together!!
SOHLA!?! BABIEH?!? YES! Y’all are going to dominate!
This has combined my love for Chef Walter Staib’s work with Sohla’s lovable personality!! She’s a a welcome addition to the channel and I’m so excited to see what’s next 💖
My question is tho... why the middle ages music?, it's the 18th century, not the 13th, play Mozart or Beethoven I don't know hahaha (I know you did later but the first ones buged me, that's all). The commentary it's constructive critisism, don't take it badly :D
couldn’t like this video fast enough 👏🏼
YAAAAAAAHS !!!
I'm excited for this!!!
The fuck happened while I was gone, name change, new show, and his beard seems more gray.
Idk why, but the name change, albeit an amazing transformation, is like I just lost a significant other. Lol gonna miss binging but also i can’t wait to see what BCU has in store
This is not Binging with Babish. This is mundane.
SOHLA!! 😎
Yessssss!!! I am so excited for Sohla and the whole BCU team❤️
Sohla AND Babish? In one place? When did my life get this good!??!??!? 😍❤️
Oooooh baby I love muh cheeheeese... every cheeese... i wanna cheese you I cheese your cheeheese, every cheese...
Good call to bring sohla in.. she’s a people’s champ I love her. Please let us see more!!!
omfg, dude dude dude, you're like my hero for getting Sohla on board. I am so fking pumped!!
"I think I'm gonna use a lot of cheese, because back then they died young" I LOVE HER LMAO
LOVE THIS NEW COLLAB!!!!!!!!!!
i'm so happy to see Sohla again!
I enjoyed this. I have never heard of Sohla though.
Not gonna lie, I’m gonna miss “binging with babish”
So happy!!!! Sohla, you are awesome!
I was super confused by the name change
Words cannot describe how much I LOVE this video. Sohla is a treasure and I cannot wait for more episodes. Brilliant work!! I am here for the BCU!
im so happy to see sohla!
Fuck yeah! I love sohla!!! Now go get brad please!
My heart is full!
Sohla looks so happy having her talent recognized, you love to see it
Gives me “Good Eats” vibes in a very good way
Really looking forward to more of this series. Sohla is a delight.
I’ve never been happier to see someone back in YouTube videos! This whole things is blowing my mind😭❤️😭❤️😭❤️😭❤️😭❤️
YAY, so happy to see Sohla!
Can I love this? Like I need reactions.
Alton Brown would be proud.
Not a fan
Hey can you make Simple Rick's from Rick and morty. It's like a wafer dessert
Beat babish is on the wheel!! Do that next
I knew she would land on her feet, glad to see that she landed there.
Yay Sohla! That was great. Thank you for coming back to the food media world <3
I like how Andrew and Sohla are both the very 'chill' type of host.
god im so excited for new episodes!!! love you sohla !!!!!!
SOHLAA!!!!!
Love it, awesome duo!
Yessss Sohla is a delight!!! This is such a fun concept ❤️
Damn bro hooking up with Bon appétit?!? How big was that check
GET HUNZY TOO!!
OMG SOHLA!!!!!!  missed your shining face on YouTube.   So excited to see u again.
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ Sohla!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm so freaking happy for Sohla.
Yasssss Sohla!!! So happy she is making more content
This may be the best thing on YouTube right now. Well done Babish and Sohla!
YASSSSS! this is wonderful, I love the directions your channel takes
What what what sohla's back again. I'm so redacting excited I could cry.    sohla is my hero!!!!!!!!!!!!
No nutmeg? Psssht. Townsend would be upset.
Congratulations on the new addition, and congratulations to Sohla because she rules!!!
Ahhhhh I love Sohla!! And this show is such a great concept for her, she's so knowledgeable.
I never thought I could love you more, but this is such a great move. I’m more excited than ever before to get All Things Babish™️ in the future.   Sohla, I love you! Super excited to see your skill shine on a platform that deserves and appreciates you!
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE THING
LMAO aww thank you so much for employing Sohla babish!!! I'm so happy youve righted the wrongs of bon appetit <3
Oh wow, what an awesome addition Sohla is!
First Vinny, now Solah!?!? Tight. Who's next?
Sohla: they just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died. - me: so how do I live in the 18th century exactly
So happy to see you cooking again Sohla! This was fun.
I just realized he changed his name to Babish Culinary Universe
now this lifted my anxiety. thanks
She reminds me so much of Drew Barrymore when she talks and smiles and how adorable she is💖 I'm excited to watch her again😁
I MISS HER
YEAH SOHLA LES GOOOOO
WHY I JUST REALIZE THAT HE LOOKS LIKE RYAN REYNOLDS
Top billing, getting paid, having fun. Hell yeah!
I’ve always loved Soulja’s creativity, this show is going to be amazing! I love it already! ❤️
“Ppl just ate all the cheese that they want and died” lol YES 🤣🤣🤣
Where's she from? Was she originally from tasty?
Oh my gosh, you guys are the dream team, please do series together too!!!
COULD NOT BE MORE EXCITED TO HAVE SOHLA BACK ON YOUTUBE!!!
So happy Babish and Sohla are working together. I am so glad Sohla found a new home to create great content in!!
She reminds me of a character from Bobs Burgers, other than that this is pretty cool. Welcome Stump
Fun fact: In the 18th century, stylish young upper class men would travel to Italy,  often enjoying Macaroni pasta and bringing the idea back with them to England. This lead to the term "Macaroni" taking on a connotation similar to "Hipster" today, a sort of stuck up, upper class stylishness.  That's why, in the song "Yankee Doodle Dandy", Yankee Doodle put a feather in his hat and called it "macaroni"; the song was originally making fun of the Revolutionaries for acting like they're sophisticated Europeans with enlightenment values. The Americans, being Americans, turned it into a patriotic song out of spite.
This is fu@king awesome!!! Love that this channel is growing!!
please more of this!!!
I love this so much
It is great to see Sohla here; she's a great host and I'm glad she has a show.  Respectfully, I did not like the part with Andrew as a game show host and the wheel.  Would you take audience requests for dishes that might stump Sohla?  If so, how about Xialongbao (Shanghai Soup Dumplings)
Yaaaayyyy Sohlaaaaa
"Did they have Mac and cheese in the 18th Century?"  Every one of us who watches Jon Townsend:   YES.
I loooovveeeeee sohla!! She’s so charming and funny. So excited to see content with her!
I’ll mis Binging With Babish
I think babish an omnipotent tv host who manifests spinning wheels is perfection
You need to make BCU hoodies
This was fantastic! Can’t wait for more....
Damn that looked good
Babish if you can get Action Bronson and Meyhem Lauren on here the community would shit a cow
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died."
This was really fun but I'd really like to see an actual recipe with measurements and stuff too next time please!
It's new, it's rough, it's adorable it's fun! Great work Andrew and Sola!
The theatrics
When you just KNOW Babish is paying this queen what she deserves!! Love that she's here!
I am 100% here for this level of fun, Sohla's got a fun attitude with a challenge.
I guess it's time to sub in this channel.
The fire lighting method actually makes sense, since the only indoor lighting was fire, meaning that you usually had fire around the house at all times. Plus, if you didn't have any candles lit, you could ask your neighbors.
Get brad leone!!
Very cool to see Sohla again! I have a feeling that this series will be highly entertaining.
Brilliant! This is everything we need right now!
Awesome, keep it up.
Congratulations Sohla!!!!
This makes me sooooo happy! I've missed watching Sohla!
Sohla is awesome! I want to be her friend so bad 😭
4k60FPS please, you can afford to do it
Oh my gibbers Im crying rn!!! Thank you very much Andrew, you never know how much I want to see Sohla doing what she loves the most. Thank you for giving her this. 💚💚💚
SHOLAAA
I like Sohla, but I don’t know if I like the new show. Banter seems forced at the start. Still, hoping that as the show goes on yous will find a natural balance. Good luck!
Forced hand gestures in the intro?
ALTON BROWN ish
Im so happy babish and sohla are here
COOL!!!!! You just earned a sub
FINALLY SOHLA GETS PAID!!!!! $$$$$ YAY FOR THAT!!!$$$$$!!!
Oooh if Sohla was hired by Babish hopefully Claire will be hired too!
yes.
this is my new favorite culinary yt show CNE can eat ass
I dig the channel name change.
A Babish, Sohla, and Townshends crossover, all in one.
How could you do 18th Century cooking without John Townsend? What is wrong with you Babby?
she washed her hands and didnt have every disease known to man she did it wrong
Omg its Sohla!!! You are amazing girl! Keep being your awesome self 😊
I'm so glad Sohla has a new series on this channel, I've been following her since her Serious Eats days. Watching her being chaotic and creative while cooking is awesome.
You guys should bring in John from Townsends or Max from Tasting History to consult next time you do an 18th century recipe. John especially seems to know all the caveats and weird ingredients from the time period. Like nutmeg. In everything.
Well... This seems like a downgrade.  I'm sure most people, like myself, subscribed because we love Andrew's personality and his content. Now it's just gonna be random people and less of him.
SOHLLLAAAA
Sohla seems like such a wonderful and pleasant person. She was always my favorite BA personality. So happy she is the first on screen member of the BCU.
So glad Sohla has a great new home where we can enjoy her charming cooking talents.
Not a fan of sohla. Just a totally different vibe and humor :/. Thank god its not a direct substitute to your episodes. But hey, cant please everyone.
I’ve missed Sohla’s videos so much! Glad she’s back on your channel!
the chemistry between you both is so warm i’m so excited to see the next episodes with sohla! i was already a big fan of this channel and am so proud of you all opening this channel to share your platform with someone who’s just as talented, super inspiring!!
"People ate all the cheese they wanted and died" bold of you to assume that has changed
I can’t believe you changed your channel name
Sohla!!!!!
Everything about this makes me happy
This feels like a movie dream sequence.
The cattle industry was booming in the 18th century why would she think they used mf sheep’s milk
didn't know dora was a cook
Love it! So happy to see that Babish has been able to feature Sohla on, what was formerly, his channel after the whole BA thing
wait why the fuck was the concrete popping
literally the Babish Initiative lmaooo
IM SO FUCKING HAPPY SOHLA IS ON THE SHOW.   Now get everyone else that quit BA
I didn't skip the  ad. That's how much I appreciate this.
GOOD STUFF
please buddy. monster hunter food
Did Vinny film this? The BA to BCU conversion rate gives me hope for humanity
From the thumbnail I thought that was Babish in a wig while cooking tbh.
no :) unsubbing
HIS DRY GIN BRAND LOOKS INSANEEEEE
IM SO HAPPY YESS SOHLAA
The struggle bus is here, and boy oh boy is it a big one. A fun struggle bus, but still a big one. Fun video!  Excellent attempt, a fun idea too. Just throwing a time period out with a food type, then trying to figure it out with what I can only assume to be minimal research time. 10/10, would watch another one again.
SOHLADARITY this makes me so happy and cant wait to expect more from the bwb team and bcu!
aaaaa Sohla's here, yay! I love this for both of you!
next to recruit is brad leone then the entire ba staff
Such a smart move Andrew. Great concept for the channel. Smart to showcase Sohla, who is obviously beloved by so many. Just awesome.
YESSSSS SOHLA!!
Oh man this new show is amazing. I love this and the way it was shot made is super fun and entertaining!
Alright!  Sohla's on-board!
Holy moly I LOVE THIS! Please Babby get the other BA members in as well
SOHLAAAAAAAAA SOHLAAA!!!!!!
Yes!!! SOHLA!!
watch out babish, she might accuse you of racism and not paying her enough without any proof.
5:13 is that a simpleplanes explosion sound effect I hear
You should make the sandwich on my channel.  I find it rather creative 👁️👄👁️ And delicious
OMG I LOVE THIS! I missed Sohla so muchhhh! <3 Love from Brazil
You're the best Babish
Why do I ship them......
Any theories on which villain from the comics will be revealed?
I like the direction you are going in, can't wait for the next episode :)
What a cool hip new way to signal wokeness! Gotta make sure the 1st person you add is a woman of color to appease the woke, always pander to the woke, because remember the old adage, get woke.... get rich? oh wait... thats not it at all. Good luck with this new venture im sure it will only end FANTASTIC....
this is so fun and entertaining  🧀❤💕😋
less than one minute in and I'm already obsessed
The BCU is so hype  But at that same time in about for the channel it says Binging with Babish
The Wheel is sick?? Topical indeed. We need wheel update in the next video! Is IT OKAY?! Wheel it make it to the set?! Does it have any of the following symptoms? Head spin? Tummy's turning? Ohmygahd  😱😷
It needs nutmeg. Mr. Townsend would be offened
The only problem i have with any of this is the name change
This is a great direction for this channel to be going in.
Dude more power to you
This made me so happy!
Thomas Jefferson brought back the recipe for mac and cheese from his travels through France.  FYI, forks in the 18th century were only for holding the food down while you carve with the knife. They are too sharp to put in your mouth
SOHLAAAAA I'M SO HAPPY
bring back Isaac toupes
yay Sohla and yay Babish!! Congratulations, I can't wait to see what comes next <3 <3
Sohla is the best!
love this so much!! so excited for this show!
I dig it. great to see you expanding!
This is a nice addition babish
When did you change your name to Babish Culinary Universe
*the wheel....he's home sick??*
BA Fans, Pre Blow-Up: I’d love a series that lets Sohla use all that weird creativity she’s clearly exploding with and do some really off the wall stuff. BA: or, hear me out, we don’t and also act like she isn’t one of the most valuable and creative people we’re fortunate enough to work with Babish: well, if you don’t want that gold mine, I think I know where I’ll start digging...  Honestly so glad that my dream series with my favorite chefs are coming together in a way that isn’t as douchey and exploitative. Love this and love y’all.
Let's see where the journey with your channel is going. Today's episode didn't convince me. I wish you continued good luck and success.
I would stay away from the game show host thing, I don't think it fits with the casual friendly babish vibe
Please moar of Solah. She was great on BA and she's a great role model for people standing up for what is right!  Thank you Solah and thank you Andrew!
4:23 i am looking respectfully 😳
This is darling. Does Jas. Townsend and Son know about this? Likely.
Yay we get more of our sohla fix
Lmao the wheel has COVID 😂😂😂
AAAH I LOVE THIS
I saw the thumbnail without paying attention to the channel and thought it was a Townsends video. Lol
Yeahh! Sohla found a new home 🏡 🎊
Finally... some good fucking food
Babish tapping into his inner Regis.
I'm so excited to see where this channel is going! Also really happy to see Sohla here!
I hope this becomes forever!!!! Sohlaaaaaa we love you!!!!
Yes MY QUEEN!
Don't want to be that guy but, am I the only one disappointed with where this channel is going? I really liked it without the heavy production and quirky music
I don't know why but I thought this was Townsends. But I love you guys too
I love the spongebob music in the end.
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES OH MY GOD YES
This series is going to be awesome!
I enjoy Sohla and all, but where is brad ?!?!?!
Yessss!!! This. Is. AMAZING. I love Sohla soooo much!!!!
...
People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then died.
"We borrowed some eternal flame"... reminds me of zuko and aang vs the dragons
I absolutely love this new addition. Keep it up guys.
I'm SO excited for this series, and honestly I've missed Sohla terribly since the whole BA issue. So glad she could be a part of the Babish universe!!
for those who interested in historical cooking check youtube channel "Townsends"
Subscribing for Sohla 😍
I ship Sadam
its what she deserves!!!!!!
2:49 For a second, i imagine this in Minecraft 'cause of the piano
The only time I will watch a full add, is one that has Babish and Ranch in it😁😁
Let's just be clear. I did not subscribe to this channel because I felt sorry for her. I subscribed because I liked the last vid they did together and I know she has so much knowledge and I wanted to see more of that because I really like learning about the science and history behind food (hate cooking though hahah). Damn I didn't realise how fricken funny she is though. 😂 what a great duo.
Delighted to see Sohla getting the spotlight she has earned with her talent!!!!
Ahh I love Sohla!!!
"This is the start of something big." I said that when I saw my first Babish video, and I'm saying it again.  My first Babish video was: _Pasta Aglio e Olio from "Chef."_ What was yours?
🤨
This is awesome. Sohla is awesome
Sohla!!!
YAY SOHLA!!
this is the same man who didn't want to show his face in his earliest videos...look at how far he's come 🥺🥺🥺
BABISH STEAL MORE OF THE GOOD ONES FROM BON APPETIT
You should have had her try 18th century ice cream.  Don't take this the wrong way, but I can't tell if the entire episode is supposed to be a spoof or an actual recipe.
Love Sohla. She's a great chef and a great person.
LET'S GOOOO
2020 making a comeback
i luv..... sohla
Sohla is a high order kitchen witch. pure talent and skill. wig
This was actually pretty entertaining, can't wait for the next episode
i love this, I love Sohla,I love you.  I subscribed. but do Rhett and and Link know you stole their wheel?
STOOOOHLAAAA WE LOVE YOU   BABISH PLS KEEP YOINKING BON APPETITE CHEFS WE NEED THEM
One of my favorite fun facts is that they DID IN FACT HAVE 'MAC AND CHEESE' IN THE 18TH CENTURY. Notable Jerk Thomas Jefferson brought over a fancy pasta press to make it more often at home.
Big love to you Sohla 💓💓💓
Sohla is the best cook in the game.
Why is the channel name different
"I don't like change!" -Stewie Griffin
To be honest I’m *not* vibing with the new channel name
yes yes yes thank u we needed more sohla
Clicked out, but *_NICE TRY_*
This is wonderful. I'm so happy Sohla has her own show. I can't wait for more episodes.
Incredible, moving forward in the correct direction. Cheers Sohla, and thanks Andrew for making this happen. Get Brad on board, and whazing!!!
I'm so happy to see Sohla after all the bullshit that happened over at BA!
Fyi 18th century = 1700s
Did you steal everyone from Bon Appetit?
Sohla's laugh gives me life
Thank you for bringing back Sohla! Even better that it is to an Aaaaaahhhhhhmmmmaaazzzziiiinnnggg channel.
SOHLAAAAA
Ideally, Babish would have appeared in 18th century costume to taste the food...
Wasn’t expecting this!  Amazing
Thank you for answering our call for more solah
The first one handed episode is going to be amazing
last time i was this early, this channel was still called binging with babish
I’ve missed Sohla SO much!!! Can’t wait for Saturday’s video 🥰♥️😍
Giving me all the sohla content I’ve been waiting for!!! Love you girl! 😍
Now this is content
Great Addition to your channel.  Great to see Sohla!  This was good fun.
You guys are my YouTuber ship
I like the idea of the BCU, But I honestly don't like the new channel name.
Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Words cannot describe how happy I am to see both of my favorite cooks on the same channel. BCU ftw.
“They could just eat all the cheese they wanted to eat then they died”
Yay sohla!
I didn’t expect sola to be with Babish for more than 2 episodes 👁👄👁
I am 100% tearing up. Sorry to make this political but you took your white privilege and made space for a POC (SOHLA NONETHELESS!!!!). Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Sohla looks happier than I've ever seen her.  Great job! This is going to be so much fun, I'm really looking forward to see what comes next
That 18th century fork is scary looking
Yaaaaaaas!
It would be fun if Babish end up Adopting most of the BA people to his BCU
This segment needs a lot of work. I love Sohla but this needs work buddy.
Yes! This is going to be awesome ;)
This is literally what we were waiting for ❤️❤️
And then Shawarma after.  Welcome to the BCU.  Chefs.... Assemble!
Townsends YouTube channel would have been a useful watch for this challenge lol
"the internet liked this"
Wait, you're not supposed to just eat all the cheese you want today? I'm from Wisconsin, and I'm sorry, but that just doesn't seem right
Why am I just now seeing this channel YouTube what other secrets are you keeping from me
To be honest I like binging with babish better
this is perfect especially since bon appetit hasn't uploaded anything in ages
Can you also take Claire and brad, they also need to join in! I miss the test kitchen group:(
Did anybody else get an ad from Babish both before and after the video?
RIP Binging With Babish
Bourbons with babish and sohla!
when did you change your name?
James Townsend and sons want to know your location.
This is glorious, and I'm looking forward to everything to come with the BCU!
Sohla was my favorite from BA so I turned to Babish after all the BA drama...then became obsessed, obviously. I'm thrilled to see this!!! Thanks for the positivity during this time.
sohla hears 18th century and goes back to caveman time
I thought Townsends.
Käsespätzle! Marvelous!!
THIS WAS SO GOOD and I'm so excited for more of Stump Sohla!
I love you and I hope I may kiss your head one day :(
I like the handheld shotgun mic approach
I respect you for trying to grow the channel even further! Best of luck to you all in the babish team
Damn bon appetit really keeps taking Ls God damn...Sohla keep winning ✊😤
and when babish hires brad and chris morocoo then what?
Is this the new vibe, essentially? Not bad
SOHLA!🙌SOHLA!🙌SOHLA!🙌
More Of This!
omg, laughing so hard "I think I'm going to use a LOT of cheese because back then, they died young... people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died."
This feels like it should be a Townsends video
Thank you for giving Sohla a venue. She's entertaining AND an excellent, creative chef. We've been Sohla deprived for too long.
You’re the best Christopher !!
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died". Literally my idol. We love you Sohla!
Love you lots Christopher !
This is great, I really was missing Sohla and this is one of the best ways to get her back
genius babish, this is definitely a step forward, thank you
This almost made me cry. I  didn't realize how much I missed Sohla until I saw this on my FYP and insta-clicked. I needed this. Best thing to come out of 2020 so far!
another youtube channel i will be watching. thanks babish
We got the whole way through this video on 18th-century mac and cheese and not a single mention of how Thomas Jefferson loved mac and cheese so much he brought back a macaroni extruding machine from France? And he (well, Sallie Hemmings. Because she was the one who actually knew how to cook) introduced mac and cheese to America.
I love this and look forward to all your cooking adventures! Welcome to the channel, Sohla! <3
"So easy! Why get this stuff out of a box?"
Skyrim font ftw
Andrew. Brother. From the bottom of my food loving heart thank you so much for giving this woman a place to go that will accept her and love her for the woman we all know she is. Sohla, welcome back to my screen you lovely human being and i look forward to every bit of content you create!
Sohladarity!
AMAZING! This was equal parts hilarious and informative :)
I AM SO EXCITED!!!
OMG SOHLA  She's such a wonderful person 💕
+
The way she’s using the cutting board is exactly how my Oma used to make spaetzle, but she’d use a small paring knife. I miss her!
The blue/purple reflection in your glasses is distracting.
you can tell that she has so much knowledge I'm really happy to see her here more often and learn from her, well done babish
NOOOOO BWB
Babish Culinary Universe is the new Bon Appetit.
Two of my favorite chefs working together. YES! Gibbe more!
Sohla is always a joy to watch. I’m so happy you are giving here a space to shine!
"Did they have mac and cheese in the 18th century?"  "Probably an Italian family"  *Thomas Jefferson laughing in hell*
They didn't die young, they just died at childbirth!
i have never been so happy and appreciative of babish, what if he got all the ba chefs to have their shows on HIS channel
Still love you Christopher
cmon, what happened to the babish that made crystal meth from breaking bad? why so serious??
Seriously thought this was a Townsend video at first
The firewood explodes because of excess moisture inside the wood. Dry it properly and it won't :)
I love Sohla and I'm very excited for this series. But there are actual recipes for 18th century mac and cheese that exist if you had done any research so this is killing me a little bit. 😂
You changed Binging with Babish to Babish Culinary Universe... *Starts hyperventilating* Im not ready for this change!  Im not ready!
three things i love about this Sohla Seeing Sohla cook  Andrew's exposed knees and legs.
IM LOVING THE NEW BCU
YAAAASSSS babby you pilfer ALL of BA’s losses I will be front row for it. 😄👍🏻  Yayyyy Solah’s back!
fuck yeah this is cool. babish you’re dope man glad to watch you grow this much and keep growing. we love you man
Is that the same tripod and dutch oven from the RDR2 stew episode? Man, so much nostalgia.
Babish in a suit, he looks dashingly handsome
Sohla is such a delight and so talented. I can’t wait to see what else she perfects ☺️
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaas
I 'm pretty sure they already had stoves in 18th century... Still, awesome video.
Honestly not a fan of the new content, wish I could somehow turn off notifications for these videos and leave them on for your normal ones
Come for the cheesy food, stay for the cheesy acting.
we love sohla <3
Nobody: Sohla: *singing Peter Frampton to cheese*
Is it me or does sohla look like a brown drew barrymore?
Picking up the ashes of BA? Yes please! Please snap up Brad, reunite him with Vinny. I need that chaotic Brad Leone energy in my life once again. 😮
I'm really glad that Sohla is a part of a great platform where she can show how knowlegdable she is.
This is some grade A heartwarming cringe in the best way
Now Priya and poach the rest of the Bon appetit crew
Yay!!! Congrats Sohla! So happy to support you here 🤗
GET IT SOHLAAAAAA!!!!!!
A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one
Two of my fave content producers and chefs together...any drama aside I would be excited any day to see such funny and likable people collaborate
The BCU is a nice branding. And I look forward to seeing more of this segment.
YESSS SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!
YES!!!!! SOHLA ON BCU 🔥🔥🔥
Suggestion: make the pork roast from the first episode of Food Wars it seems like a decent challenge and a selections meal!
Ah shit Babish is becoming a brand, I mean as long as he stays Babish then all is fine, man's gotta pay his bills one way or another
Stop stop stop stop stop stop  Stop saying Sp-ah-ts-el  It’s sch-petz-le  It’s like nails on a chalk board to hear people pronounce Spätzle so wrong.  As someone with such a big platform that people *learn* from I’d expect you to have the decency to at least try and pronounce things correctly
Dude come on  I love the binging with babish better
YES! YYYEEEEESSSSS!
BIG MISTAKE CNE, BIG MISTAKE, *HUGE*
Sohla going from pronouncing spaetzle the American way to the correct German way is the glow up you love to see.
SOHLAAAAAAAAA!!!!
Hold up you said SERIES with Sohla?! Babby you shouldn't have ♥
I love this so much 😂😍😍😍😪😪😪🤧🤧
Great to see Sohla!  Woo Hoo,  hope we get to see more  people rescued from the dumpster fire at BA
This is exactly what I wanted for Sohla! So happy we can continue to learn from her
Yes!! So happy to have more Sohla content!
I love the concept!  Thank you!
now with sohla on his show next is brad
Babish Cinematic Universe. I'm IN.
Only ogs remember BWB
Watching this guy is just satisfying on a new level.
SOOOOOHLAAAAA!  YYYYYEEEEESSSSS!!!!! <3 <3 <3
i love this
Hell yeah!  Sohla makes me happy.  This makes me happy.
for a split second I thought this was a Townsends vid. you should do a collab with him
Omg banish wears ripped jean shorts lol
She better be getting paid at least as much or more than you ANDREW
legit thought this was townsends
Great show
Loll sohla you're another level of hardcore dedicated and attentive to the era that you didn't wear denim. You go gurl!
The tiny whisks in the breast pocket are an amazing touch
Please please please do an episode with Frank Proto in the BCU
shoulda made the babish brand have ba as the initials and become more popular for max amounts of petty
BCU already better than the DCCU
I really, really, REALLY love this
That should be babishs wife
So happy to see Sohla!!!
Yes! This is what Sohla deserves!
I honestly needed this. Thank you everyone involved in this. :D
THIS IS AMAZING AND SO EXCITING
5:33 lol
"Culinary Universe" subscribed! Cant wait to see how this culinary empire expands
I'M SO HAPPY SOHLA IS PART OF THE BCU 💙💙💙💙💙💙 I LOVE YOU SOHLAAAAA
Love it. The Vivaldi touch was perfect.
Sohla looks like an Umpa Lumpa with that haircut
Babish using his powers for good
I got Babaish's Ranch ad on this video💀💀💀
I friking love this. I’m so glad Sohla’s got her own show! Please keep making more and I’m excited for the direction of the Babish. (Btw, may we have an episode of Sohla recreating a media dish? Oh! “Modernizing” a media dish like she did with the modern Carbonara!)
It's impossible not to love Sohla
wish you the best Sohla, loved the new show!
hehehehhehheh BCU... hhahahha..
I did ansolutely nothing to deserve this, but I am HERE FOR IT.
I’m not sure I  like format :( I would like to see more stuff we could cook.
Love this new format and that Babby got Sohla onboard!
I'd your Andrew neighbor your gonna lover his leftovers
INJECT THE CONTENT INTO MY VEINSSSS
FUCK YES MORE SOHLAAA!!
Great episode, as always. I'm excited to see what you have in store in the future!
2:35 SAME
I do not like sohla
This is exactly what the people want.
The name?
So wholesome
Sohla is a ray of sunshine and I'm glad she's still doing what she loves
LMAO “People just ate all the cheese and just died” subbed
I am so happy and excited to see Sohla become part of the BCU! She is AMAZING 😍
who are these 2.5k dislikers?????
God i love food channels
Jas. Townsend and Son has entered the chat
All we need is Claire and Brad
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted and died.” Amazing
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, and then they died." This is the best summary of 18th century life I've ever seen.
great food and killer tattoos
Sohla is the best
Yay Sohla found a new home on youtube!!!
Stump Sohla! I'm in!
really happy Sohla got her own show, she is ausome
Townsends
If only there was a Channel devoted to 18th century cooking....
SOHLA!!!
Bon Appétit is quaking…
Sohla reminds me of that bob shaking chip eating guy from vine
I’m so happy Sohla is here! I always learn so much from her cooking!
YESSSS IN SO HAPPY TO SEE HER TALENT AND SKILL GET THE SPOTLIGHT SHE DESERVES
This is the Sohla content we, the people, have been hoping for!
Just got your book its awesome.
4:31 Macaroni in the pot! That's some...
Mac & cheese is period, with a recipe being written down in 1769. You're welcome!
I love this but I can't get over someone hand holding a shotgun mic... You know better Babish! (Because that mic definitely wasn't being used.)
What a bunch of whining. Oh this pans heavy, oh this glove, oh I can’t lift this milk. My god..how does she survive life? Then she’s never made a fire before. Oh wait she use to make them as a kid. Please. It’s annoying. All this is annoying.
Though this was a Townsend’s channel then I clicked and o look Babish
im excited for stump sohla
Sohla!!!
"The wheel has Covid?  Topical : )."
HELL YES! I hope you treat Sohla right, shes a total expert.
I could imagine how the BCU could really expand. He could challenge Joshua Weissman to pull out all the stops and make the most indulgent food. That's one example but there are more food youtube people to work with a specific specialty.
Love the expansion of the company. Love the show concept. Very overproduced. Sohla is amazing.... we will watch even if it was more casual and less "produced".
Once he gets the infinity spices and puts it into the infinity oven mitt he will be able to snap half of all special food products found in tv and movies  into existence
Townsend has a whole video on old timey max and cheese!! So it did exist!
Thomas Jefferson is credited with inventing mac and cheese. Yes, it existed in the 18th century.
Soooo excited for this!!!!!
Really glad she found a new home. We're Sohla-cky to see her again!
Only ogs will remember binging with babbish
i know this is a long shot but please- i cannot stop thinking about the new mcdonalds mighty hot sauce. it is so good. i cant find a dupe or recipe anywhere. ya gotta make a video on it. i simply can’t be the person that gets ten extra sauces at the drive thru.
Do a colab with Townsend
Did Sohla really research this? Townsend did this a couple years ago using a 1784 recipe.  Totally different.
Ill be honest this is not why i visit this channel
2020 may have taken BA and Epicurious from us, but like a phoenix from the ashes, babish will single-handedly revive foodtube for us all
Yes!!!  Edit to add: Who knew Sohla was also such a good actor! I totally believed her every time she acted surprised and caught off guard during the intro 🤣  Edit to add: “back then people just ate all the cheese they wanted then they died young” 🤣   Edit to add: Kid Sohla and her mini dirt walnut cauldrons?! I can’t take that much cuteness! 🥰🥰🥰  Do we deserve Sohla? She is the unicorn of 2020.  Post credits: “I had a fire going like this in my apartment...with the flue shut.” What’s the rest of the story?!
I like the old format more
So happy to see Sohla in a new place where she can be appreciated and thrive
yes!!! we always want more sohla!
OH MY GOD YES SOHLAAAAAAAAA
He should do the tuna peanut butter sandwich from the office
Now I need to make mac and cheese for dinner.
delightful on every level. i love sohla so much
Watching Sohla El-Waylly living her best life post Bon Appétit is fantastic
KILLER back yard!
Time to 'Binge the BCU'
it's good to see you Sohla! and welcome to the Babiah Universe!
Sohla!!!! Yeeesss!!!
Happy she's got a job, but the real Stump Sohla is trying to get her to accept that she was paid less at BA because she was less popular, not because of r*cism
Excellent content. Love it! Always glad to see Sohla, and really cool to see a show that shows off her creativity!
As long as she gets fair pay I'm excited to see her around!!
I love Sohla and I’m so glad she’s still putting out content ❤️💕❤️
I freaking adore Sohla, I have such high hopes for her now that she is with a better team. Great addition Babish, Sohla is truly a gem.
Love her.... she is so unbothered 😌
SIIIIIIICK
I’m happy Dora the Explorer teaches me Noodle cheese food
Oh HELL YES.
I love everything about this. Sohla is SO SMART AND TALENTED. Also... WE LOVE FRIENDSHIP!
Sohla is a wizard! Go Sohla! She is a true mastermind in the culinary world. Glad this collab is happening!
I'm so glad Babish thought the same thing when I saw Sohla for the first time, that she REALLY can host the hell out of a cook show on her own
The editing is a bit aggressive. I get it’s hard to keep people’s attention but I wish it would chill a bit.
SOHLAAAAAAA I MISSED SOHLAAAAAA ❤️❤️
wow i never really watched bon appetit or w/e but sohla is so cute. just adorable and entertaining to watch, 10/10 would trust this women w my first born, i really hope  she's happy here & with her fututre endevours!!
Yaaaaaaaassss! Sohla!!!
I’m glad I grew up with this: Binging With Babish And not this: Babish Culinary Universe
finally she getting paid!
Sohla: (Attempting to get an old fashioned milk jug open with a fire poker)  Me: You're doing amazing, Sohla.
Yo, has anyone noticed how absolutely bricked Sohla’s forearms are????
Andrew, can i request you make walnut shell rice on Binging?
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Sohla is such a heckin cutie. And she's like a culinary ninja. She takes whatever you can throw at her and rolls with the punches.
not enjoyable, sorry
No nutmeg smh how ya gonna cook 18th century without the nutmeg
from all the chefs in BA, sohla was the most boring one to me
Check out the Townsends channel, they've got a period-correct (1784) macaroni recipe, and a LOT of other recipes, and other historical lessons.
Babish is the new Bon Appetit, change my mind.
A suggestion for the tagline: Where there's a wheel, there's a Way-lly!
Dora
FYI Townsends has an 1784 Mac and Cheese recipe up if you want an authentic 18th century Mac.
YAYYYY SOHLA 🥰🥰🥰🥰 so happy that’s she  is here!!!!!
Omg I’m HERE FOR THIS!!!
Will you have the 3 michelin stars chef HowToBasic as guest cook?
They did have mac and cheese well before the 18th century.  Thomas Jefferson famously loved it, brought over a macaroni maker from Italy, and served it at the white house.   Also, Kraft mac and cheese: 1937 Barilla: 1877
YAY MORE SOHLA!!!
I'm kind of digging this, actually! If you're looking for A way to improve, I'd add a segment where she goes out to obtain her ingredients and explain her idea beforehand
Sohla: "I've never built a fire before"  Also Sohla: *HEATS CONCRETE TO EXPLOSION TEMPS*
Great call Bab!!!!!! Thank you!!! Can't wait to see the babish food war!!
Really cool to see this channel grow and for Sohla to get her own show here. I loved her on the episode she guest starred on, so it's going to be fun seeing her frequently from now on.
Love her! What a great personality!
Can you please make the soufflé omelette from food wars
Whoo, Sohla!! ❤️❤️❤️
BCU > Bon appetit
She is adorable.  What fun, but oy, the work to do it on an open flame. Käsespätzle - cheesy fried onion topped goodness found in every Bavaria restaurant (& gpid German beer) - they died young, but with smiles on their faces 😄
Wait... What?
❤💜💙💚💗💛
Can we talk about that beautiful editing at 5:07
Sohla is an adult Dora the Explora with a dry personality - sure she smiles alot and is giddy, but is just ackward.
Seeing new name under the channel was so confusing lmao... looking forward to where this goes
BCU
This reminds me of Townsend and son were they make food recipes from the 18th century
This is very different. I think I’m missing something, but the name change makes me sad... :(
Ahhhhhh yes Sohla is me but swooning with babish lol there was no kraft
I subscribed. For sohla.
Hell yeah Sohla's back on the tube! May her reign be long and prosperous.
Im kinda sad bcuz you changed name of a chanell from "Binging with Babish" to "Babish Culinary Universe"...
I don't like this.. please go back to the old recipe
This was just bushcraft cooking in a very modern backyard
I love everything about this.
Serve on Fire; The server or the food?
Imagine if Brad Leone left BA for BCU
Babby, you should collab with Townsend for historic food videos
I love this lady.
You're the best Andrew!!!!!!
SOHLA SOHLA SOHLA!! ❤️❤️
SOHLAAAAA WE LOVE YOUUUUUUUUU YASSS SOOOOOHLAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sharing the mic! With someone who SOOO deserves it. Massive respect, you continue to inspire me. Not that I have a mic to share.
It's the end of an era
With her badass looks I wasn't expecting her to have such a cute high pitched voice lol
Is Jon Favreau the main villain of the BCU? If not, then who?
Is Babish going to poach all the Bon Appetit people? Babish Appetit?!
love this! Sohla is great!
I already love this series. Can’t wait to see what’s next!
Now all you need is some Grog and a case of TB and you are there!!  18th century here we come!
is she getting compensated for her video time tho
18th century....  Townsend wants to know your location.
someone fucked up making that firepit. there should be sand down there... not concrete lol
And the award of the most forced intro goes to
Add postcredit scenes teasing what is coming in future videos!
I LOVE SOHLA!
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH!!! Sohla is finally getting the recognition she deserves🥰
That's funny, I made spaetzle for the first time last night
fuck YES!!!!!
BCU shows more promises than DCCU 😂
Now I can get my fix of culinary comedy without guilt
That's nice.
Wait why did he change the name.....😢😢
I AM SO EXCITED AND PROUD OF OUR GIRL!!
I love this whole new “thing” you have going on, Babish!!!!! BCU forever ♥️
love the new show!!!!
Alright now if Brad and Matty Matheson had a full time show together my life would be set
I'm in awe at the fact that they speak about 18th century as of ''medieval'' lol, US education
Can't wait to hear some real audience cheering in this show😂🔥
BCU!!!!
Babish why are you outsourcing to Dora
I’ve been extra busy and falling behind on my sub box, but I raced past a bunch of what I’d be totally jazzed fo start with to watch this ASAP, and it didn’t disappoint! Great job you guys, thanks for the amazing content! ... I really want some gruyere spetzle Mac and cheese now!
Babish got Sohla 4 regular Sohla content POG
Macaroni and Cheese casserole was allegedly invented by Thomas Jefferson.
Incredible video
Yay Sohla! 😍
Bro this is literally like someone said "Yo what do you wish could happen on youtube but seems super hard to orchestrate"
Honestly this collab is one of the top 3 things to happen in 2020.
YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
The name of your channel changed, what's up?
what happened to binging with babish NOOOOOOOOOoo
IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE
You just gave me something to look forward to in life. I ❤️ Sohla.
Ugh!
This is already amazing
Ngl can Andrew just hire all the old bá staff and make a new better (and more inclusive...) test kitchen? I mean imagine him and Brad doing a show once a week
SOHLA
Townsend’s is probably somewhere screaming “WHERE IS THE NUTMEG!?!?!?”
IWDFSFTBCU
Sohlaaaaa ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I thought this was a townsends video
Sohla!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So happy for you!!!! We love you!!!!!!
I can't wait to see the future episodes of this series!
i really want to see the make it sad option on that wheel
can you steal Brad too? Every video I watch with you 2 in it are funny as hell
YYYEEEEAAHHHH WE LOVE SOHLA!!!!  wait we're torturing her? oh no
DORA and The Legend of 18th Century Mac and Cheese
i love sohla’s personality so much! it’s so great that she has a show where she can be truly appreciated now :)
Time for Babish to collect all the old BA test chefs.
Nobody: Binging With Babish Needs Improving  *Sohla Finally Getting A Decent Platform*  Unanimous Applause
Her Charisma is awful.
God dammit I wanted to see Andrew dressed up like a girl in the 18th century
You should try making borscht using hotdogs for the meat. I had a Russian girlfriend make it this way for me once and it was not great. But she loved it so...
BCU sounds like a college I'd go to
Im glad sohla is finally getting paid for her contributions
Enjoyed this, very much. Guessing 18th Century Sohla would have ground the wheat, made the butter, milked the cow or goat, and made the cheese, too. Much more than 5 hours to make that dish!
Sohla is super creative and I am so excited to see her finally getting her own series here.
HELL YESSSSSS
Build the universe Bon Appetite fucked up by being racists!
It’s like a really low budget game show and I love it
Who else loves watching these videos while eating?
Oh. My. Gawd. YES!!!!!
So much yessss!!
Oh, this is so fun!!
Can we just talk about Babish holding an unplugged shotgun condenser microphone up to his face?
My god.... the culinary cinematic universe lives on
Perhaps brad can make an appearance
Some feedback: love Sohla and love the concept of making interest concept food but the game show skit at the beginning was really awkward. The concept can stand on its own. Let Sohla introduce the show concept and spin the wheel or draw from a jar or something, no awkward skit needed!
Dont like her too mush
This is truly the best thing ever. My two favourite chefs probably ever.
Omg! I'm so happy for her
Babish needs to team up with Mrs. Crocombe
This is so cool
I am SO happy Sohla found a home that she seems to be having a ton of fun in!
I'd like to think this is so early on in the evolution of this channel that the name change will be tiny footnote on a rich and diverse future. I'll be here as long as you are.
I love the Bouree in the background
ty babby
I'm so pumped!!!!! I literally said out loud: PLEASE TELL ME HE HIRED SOHLA
Yay Sohla!!
Question for y'all, at ~9:17 what is the word Sohla says at the end of her sentence?  "-but we're getting good, good (what word is she saying here?)"
I've watched tons of your videos, but I'm actually gonna sub now. This is amazing, welcome Sohla!
Love this!!!
This is awesome, Sohla is a badass. Happy to see her on the channel!
This.  This is why I come to the intertubes. Well, this and becoming entirely too emotionally invested in marbles and die cast cars competing for glory.
Congrats to Andrew and Sohla for this new adventure together!  I am so glad to see that this show will give Sohla creative challenges.  I'm looking forward to what comes next! <3
Sohla: Who are you?  Andrew: Have you heard about the Babish Initiative?
No offense she looks like an Oompa Loompa
lmao love the unplugged gameshow shotgun mic
Any body else get turned on at 4:30 ?
YES YES YES YES YES! Thanks for bringing Sohla back to YouTube!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
FUCK YEAH SOHLA!
HEYYYYY!!!!
This is fantastic!
18th century challenge. Plays 16th & 17th century music lmaooo (Ft Eine Kleine at the end to give them some credit)
She reminds me so much of Drew Barrymore, and I'm here for it.
This gave me Townsend vibes, now y’all got to invite him
I just have to say. I love babish
imagine having a woman this incredible on your team and refusing to adequately compensate her and losing her off your team!! could not be andrew
Super excited to see more! Thank you for the video
Sohla marry me!!
Yay, Sohla!! 👍🏻😘 Can’t wait to see your next episode!
the look of the video is insanely good, looooove the colour.
Babish getting that Producer dough.
I'm so excited to see Sohla again!!!
Sohla deserved better and she got it 🥰
I love the background music, its so greatly in the spirit of the video. When bourée started playing the ambiance was awesome.
We have no choice but to Stan
I'm a minute and a half in and this... hurts to watch.
SO 👏 MUCH 👏 YES 👏
"Its in my eye" made me laugh lol
I’ve gotta say the choice of Italian Baroque music was perfect
Woh woh woh andy.  I am a huge fan. I have your 2018 cookbook.    Shoving this in our faces isn't the best move.  I backed out. I may eventually watch the video
Sohla pronouncing spätzle and opening milk: "NO ONE HELP ME"
So happy to see Sohla again 🥰
Like the new shows and new cooks, hate the new channel name.
Awesome. This is gonna be a great addition to the Babbishverse.
YAYAYA!!! I love you Sohla!!
Glad to see her back on the tube, she has the same inscrutable appeal as Brad Leone or you Babish. This format was fun, but just know we would gladly watch her just do her thing in just about anything she would want to do. Cheers to you Solha!
What a fun concept! And Sohla! Yay! What a great new chapter!!  This fun video being enjoyed, I think next time the wheel lands on 18th century, I would love to see Sohla be allowed to do some research/look up historical cooking! 1700s cast iron stoves were a thing! And pasta was the new fancy trend in the US around that time- (I mean it’s a whole century, the era had so many new technologies but by 1700, pasta was an old hat in Italy)- heck, the song Yankee Doodle comes to mind & Thomas Jefferson being “fashionable” bringing a form of a Mac & cheese to the 13 Colonies!
Townsends anyone?
7:05 I felt that
Bless babish (and his team) for growing the channel in such an amazing way!
“The fire is shooting at us!!”
So bon appetite gone or what?
Whelp, the gameshow thing was weird, but I like Sohla, so I'm not complaining.
i love sohla!!!! i'm so excited
Joyous 😊
YES!<3
can someone explain to me why the fireplace concrete isn’t fire proof?
YES!!!! I love Sohla so good to see her having a consistent series!
This was brilliant!
SOHLA YOU COULD NOT HAVE LANDED AT A BETTER HOME, THIS IS AMAZING!
Yessssss queen yessssss
Finally. Two great minds together. There may be hope for this world after all.
Should have consulted Townsends for this one
BA was like “pay her less and barely put her in front of the camera?” and Babish replied “HOW ABOUT HER OWN FUCKING SHOW?!”
I’m really excited for this.  I’ve missed great challenge videos like this
Commenting so it gets pushed more in the algorithm. Sohla, this episode was great and I am SO HAPPY TO SEE YOUR FACE ON MY SCREEN AGAIN! Babish, thank you for giving our girl a home where she can truly shine, I hope this is the start of something beautiful and new and delicious! HOORAY!
Surprised she didn't call her dad and ask him how he made it in the 18th Century
YAYYYYYYYY SOHLAAA
Women were tougher
Can't wait for townsends to invite her over for some 18th century cooking courses.
BABISH! This is a wonderful edition to your content!! Can’t wait to see what’s next! Go Bills!!
Seeing Sohla back on YouTube is bringing me so much joy
Not funny, Babish. My cat's grandma just died of Covid.
Did you think to consult John Townsend. He'd know.
BCU is way better than the MCU, knowing that there is a big crossover movie.
Needs more Townsends collab
How do we get a Brad and Claire romcom cooking show in the BCU?
Alright this was fantastic. I love this idea so much.
Yay! Sohla! <3
I missed Sohla SO MUCH!!!
Is that a golf-club handle?  Really?  I soooo love this stuff.  Don't stop
Fun Fact: Thomas Jefferson used to eat Mac and Cheese during cabinet meetings and most of the cabinet was disgusted
Babish tryna larp my boy Townsends smh
BCU AND SOHLA, IT'S PERFECT
I'm litterally in the comments screaming about the Townsends video on 18th century mac and cheese
I'm litterally in the comments screaming about the Townsends video on 18th century mac and cheese
Change the name back, it's way too iconic to change, it's kinda ur brand
Collaboration with Townsends when?
Wow, there are actually bloopers.  You should do an entire channel of just bloopers. You'd still get millions of views. Easy money baby.
YES! This is a fantastic place for Sohla. So happy to see this happen to everyone involved.
If you want to be saved and have everlasting life believe Jesus died on the cross for our sins, and was buried. Then, rose on the third day, which proved He is truly our God and Savior. John 3:16 “For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
Babish, jsyk I subbed just for Sohla. Please give her more work.
BUT YOU HAVE TO WHIP THE SPAETZLE IN BUTTER AND MAKE THEM CRYSPY AF :P
It’s Sohla and Andrew of course we stand
So, Babish... You've made the show I begged BA to make. Sohla really needs a show like this to show off her skills. Excellent work.
I love Sohla!
SO RIP BINGING WITH BABISH?
I haven't even watched it yet and still smashed the like just for Sohla. I can't believe the number of idiots disliking this video. Maybe just do like your mom told you, and if you don't have anything nice to say, STFU!
stump sohla better continue
never noticed the eastman kodak company tattoo
This was amazing, I did not know how much I missed Sohlae until this video.
This is garbage 🗑
So good to see somebody is appreciating Sohlas immense talents!! BA did her dirty -_-
I love these...❤
1:51 in case anyone was wondering, they did in fact have mac and cheese in the 18th century, thomas jefferson was reportedly obsessed with it to the point that ben franklin had to ban snacks from the 1st continental congress floor
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died." Bahaha, but also that sounds like me. Lbvs
haha this was sick!
I am so damn happy that Sohla landed somewhere good after that other BS. And more Babish-produced foody goodness is fine by me!
Here for this!
Dear precious one, Jesus Christ loves you so much. Receive Him into your life this moment. He wants you to be all His. He will help wean you from all other dependencies. Your security can rest in Him alone - not other people, not in circumstances. Depending on our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ may feel like walking on a tightrope, but there will always be a safety net underneath the EVERLASTING ARMS. So don't be afraid dear ones of falling. Instead, look too our Lord because He will always be with you with an everlasting loving presence.                                   Acknowledge that you are a sinner in need of our Savior. Welcome Abba Yahweh (Father God) through Yeshua (Jesus the Christ) into your life. Confess with your mouth and believe in your heart that Jesus is Lord of your life. Receive grace by believing in Jesus Christ and what He did on the cross, His death, burial and resurrection for the sins of mankind. You will then be justified in salvation and forever blessed with His abundant love by the Holy Spirit!                        Please pray the following prayer with me...Dear Lord Jesus, You are the KING of kings and LORD of lords. You are THE MOST HIGH, You are my Savior and my Lord, and I want to give You the highest place of honor in my life, I love You so much and I thank You, Amen!                            May God bless you in the Glorious name of Jesus Christ our Lord and our Savior.❤️❤️❤️      (Romans 8 : 38-39; Psalms 34 : 17-19;  Deuteronomy 31 : 6; Isaiah 41 : 10;  Psalms 86 : 15)
SOHLAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!! WE MISSED YOU. ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️
We love Sohla!
POST CREDIT SCENE  A voice is heard:  "You really thought you were the only chef on YouTube?"  BRAD LEONE steps into the light...
I thought this was the Townsends.
This was a fun take on the cooking show.  I approve.
Yaaaas Sohla
This makes me so happy, I love Sohla
"Made possible by..." BA test kitchen going under.....rip
I AM SO HAPPY FOR SOHLA PLS SHOWCASE HER CULINARY GENIUS MORE *weird happy sobbing noises*
Finally, Sohla getting some well deserved air time!!!
I seriously wish all of us here in the subscriber section could just chip in a buck or two for you to hire as much of the BA crew as possible. Then you could have a show called make the BA (badasses) crew eat it. Or something crazy like that. Or just...yah know....cooking.
Lovely sohla!!!!!!!! Yay!!!!!!
8:47 "huuuh huuuh?... you don't care" LOL😂
if this is going to be the start of a new series of alliteration i am seriously stoked
Andrew, you got me to start cooking, and for that i cant thank you enough, you got me interested in a new life skill and i have allways loved you’re content. Thank you for everything you do.
B A B I S H  C U L I N A R Y U N I V E R S E
I prefer binging with babish. 😬 despite the change I'm still a fan and I'm going to keep watching.
We need Brad Leone in the BCU. More innuendos please!
Yay more Sohla
Sohla even has the authentic 18th century haircut!
Wow. I like it.
I love this so much! I can't wait to see more!!
That's just wonderful to see Sohla back on the internet. She is fantastic and totally looking forward to more videos with her.
You guys should do a special with townsends too!!! I want to see you all cook at his place and vise versa.
BCU!!!!
Fuck yeah, Sohla getting the recognition she deserves. BA who?
Rip binging with babish  You did the one thing that ensures a YouTube channel goes downhill  the more creators on a channel the more likely someone doesn't like a creator and unsubscribes  Edit: especially when the new content is it's overproduced
JUMPED THE FUCKN SHARK
I....No....Not the Binging with Babish name.... NOOOOOO BRING IT BACK!!!!!
No ♥️ button so imma put it here
#20 on trending baby
Oh no Thomas Edison has joined the chat everyone stop him
Thanks for sharing your talent in cooking.i want to learn more...
Only people that are vegan and lactose intolerant hate Mac and cheese
Everything about this is amazing
Spetslah! Haha
YEAH! SOHLA!!!
Sohla is so talented and knowledgeable. Really glad to see her again.
Honestly excited to see what you guys come up with next that was a great episode!
Not to be dramatic but I would die for Sohla
I think the only considerations made here are that the cooking medium is over an open flame like shown here. No induction or gas stoves. And of course no microwave so no blue box mac. I actually like the style here.
So what about Brad and Claire? Sohla is ok, but the others were much more fun to watch.
this name change in my sub box threw me left, not gonna lie
When you watch a Babish ad right before another episode of Binging with Babish.
Tasting History anyone???
Bruh I got an ad with you as the star in it before the video lol.
I wish there was a research part of this video before Sohla got started. Was there prior research off-camera?
This is awesome
This was great
I like binging with babish it's a better name
You should invite townsends! Dude knows a lot about any cooking style before the 18th century. He even dresses up accordingly to the time period when the food was first created.
Hell yeah I’m here for this, Sohla can only raise the bar of the babish culinary universe.
I am so glad to see Sohla back on youtube.
I love this
As a former fan of BA, and a long time fan of Babish, this makes me so happy!!!
So excited to see Sohla!!
Spaetzle closest I've heard it pronounced by German Speakers is "Spatlee" if I remember correctly.
i had to check i wasn’t tripping balls whilst watching this
somehow Sohla is even more charming than she was at BA <3 <3 <3
This is the best thing that has ever happened to me.
Sohla FUCKING El-Waylly in the hoooooouuuuse!  I see you Babby. I see you.
This is great! I'm so happy Sohla found a home here. Can't wait to see more videos 😊
Teacher: Well, there is 30 seconds till the bell rings, everyone, stay in your seats. I will NOT tolerate anyone leaving class early! me and my friends: 02:07
This is awesome
Love Sohla!
Good on you for giving Sohla a respectable platform
I adore Sohla so much :D
Yesssss. So excited for this!!
Sohla's walnut shell rice is the most adorable childhood cooking story ever told. (Even if it's not true)
That backyard is a dream
Babish is building a goddamn empire and I'm all here for it
You gotta bring Brad aboard, I need a Brad and Vinny reunion but also I need to hear "Babby" again.
This is awesome! Love this new direction
Ngl I thought this was a Townsend video from that thumbnail
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died” is such a mood.
Cowboy Kent Rollins would laugh, and then help poor Sohla make some “cowboy Dutch oven Mac and cheese”
Love love love Sohla!
Oh my god this is AMAZING
One more time for the people in the back... WE LOVE SOHLA and we are so happy that she is back and thriving.
Townsends crossover please.  And I love her forever for Spaetzle.
Käsespätzle, I approve.
1769 per Smithsonian magazine the earliest Mac and Cheese recipe was writtein down.  Kraft Mac and Cheese was 1939.
Love this and the new brand!
Babish: Let Sohla do her own thing. Please just step back, don't appear in future episodes, it's the weakest aspect of this concept. Long-time Babish fan, but please, let Sohla shine
2:55 - 6:49 Ah the perils of screenwriting
I went to thumbs up this video about 12 times it was so great! So excited that Sohla has joined the channel!
This is such a fun show!
Sohla!!! You guys collaborating and doing this new show together is a dream! Loved the first episode and can’t wait to see more! Bravo👏👏👏♥️♥️♥️
“Lord Farquaad, he huffed and he puffed and he sent an eviction notice.”
"It's so good!"        "Cheesy?"
I love where youre taking your channel
PLEASE PLEASE put the whole gang back together q.q i miss claire-sohla tandem
This video made me realize how much I miss the BA crew. Rip.
Anyone else get the Babish Hidden Valley ad or nah
WHO PUT THIS BOWL OF ONIONS HERE  😭💖  My heart is so full.
Amazing. I sincerely hope Brad comes on next
I am sooooo happy to see Sohla here!!!!!! Congrats
Get brad leone to!!!
Well done Babish! Cementing your standing as a gentleman, ally, and Zaddy.
here all for sohla <3
Well this feels weirdly satisfying and entertaining. With all the chaos flying around. Congrats Sohla on your new show! Been a fan for so long.
sohla i love u im so happy u have a show finally
Yay! So glad to see Sohla here! And so excited to see more!
yes!
RIP Binging With Babish 2006- 2020
Strong Good Eats vibes from the intro
I am so happy to see this channel evolving and being successful at it. There are certain YouTubers that have years on this plataform and their Channels just die down because they keep making the same content over and over. I am so excited to see more
awesome
Babish: "hey sohla, do you wanna actually get payed?"  Sohla: "lol yes"   And thus the babish culinary universe was born
IM SO GLAD TO SEE HER DOING OKAY AND WITH BABBY NO LESS. I COULD NOT BE HAPPIER
I love that you're teaming up with Sohla! You go together like Mac & Cheese.
sohla pronouncing spätzle correctly tho >>>>>
THE TINY WHISKS IN HOST BABISH'S POCKET THO
It's great to see Sohla back! Andrew I know you can't save all of BA, but can you save all of them?  We miss the fire  out of them.
Welcome, Sohla~ ive been watching all of your videos!!!!! Ik youd kill it!!!! Keep it up 👍👍❤️❤️
There's... an ice cream option... I would love to see THAT episode
I love it ! 😊
The BCU....Cant wait for Carlos to assemble the finite spatula
please have brad on an episode! that would be so cool
Those mini whisks in ur suit pocket was a nice touch
So is Brad joining the BCU?
WE GET MORE OF THIS??????? 😭 Thank God for the BCU!
Yes Yes Yes! I am totally into this. I was hoping to see some more of Sohla soon. This is such a neat idea I am so excited to see what you come up with from here.
If u like 18th century cooking  try john townsend's youtube b channel called 18th century cooking
Somebody tell her that that is not mac'n'cheese, that is Käsespätzle. It's literally spätztle with cheese.
I'm very happy that Sohla found you!! I've watched her from BA, and she deserves much better!! Well done, Andrew!!
well bon appetit stans i guess this is our new home
I'm already please with this content.
Alright,  now you basically have to invite John Townsends, Andrew. There's no excuse.  Also, love this new section. Had a lot of fun with the new chef, too! She pulled it off great.
Sohla is very charming and its's really nice to see something completely different from the channel.
Stump Sohla looks like it's going to be a really fun series and what Sohla accomplished is very impressive. Although, I can't help being reminded of the Townsends mac and cheese video from a couple years ago that included a much simpler recipe.
Can you plz make a monster hunter ice born meal
So happy to see Sohla again!!
Babish: I did it, I named my channel to Babish Culinary Universe. Babish Fans: What did it cost? Babish: My verification.
This was super entertaining! I’m excited for more episodes of this. It would be awesome if you got more chefs from the BA test kitchen on your show! Like Claire, Brad, and Delaney!
Like the name change been here for a while don’t plan on leaving anytime soon love the new content:)))
I hope all the episodes aren't like this.... I like the old BWB... This was terrible 😔😔
Sohla "hard thing, hard thing, hard thing....yeah sounds like fun"  without the whining of Claire and better prepared.
Baba bang
I love this! This is good
I thought this was legit a townsends vid
SOHLA I'VE MISSED YOU SO MUCH I hope you're happy at Babish!! We want the best for you and your career!!
Uh oh, Brads coming soon.
This is good. Audio could use some work probably!
I love Sohla! She's such a joy
this should have been a collab with John Townsend
Ok, we have jumped the shark Babish...game show wheels? Seriously?
sooo.... you basically made Käsespätzle? :-D
so annoying
We've seen more of Sohla in this episode alone than all of the BA videos she was in. They didn't deserve her but I'm so glad that BA was an opportunity for me to start falling in love with Sohla!
You're thanking us?  I think we want to thank you for bringing Sohla on board!
I am incredibly happy for Sohla. I have truly missed her with the fall of BA, so I'm not only glad that she's back but that she's finally getting the recognition she always deserved. I can't wait to see where this show goes. Congrats and good luck Sohla!!
I missed sohla so much T_T glad she's found a new home BCU
Could you get any more tattoos?
I'm glad Sohla has joind you Mr Babish, good showing Sohla.
I would die for sohla
This is awesome,!!  Congrats ❤️
I hope the BCU becomes the new, not racist bon appetit
YEEEES I LOVE THIS GIMME MOOOAAAAR
Subscribed. I stand with Babish and all your endeavors
where is the nutmeg
Its so cool. I want to See more Videos with her. Love it
Babs, you wild dog! You’re about to unveil new shows with all of the ex BA staff aren’t you!?
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
the 2.4k dislikes are Conde Nast burner accounts
Didn't know who Sohla El-Waylly before today, I'm happy I do now!
I love this. Please poach the rest of the exiled BA Video Personalities.
I haven't even watched this yet and I'M SO EXCITED FOR IT.
I just saw the botanist commercial for the first time as the ad before this video and was so confused. I was like oh sponsored vid. Wait, why can I skip? Ohhhh. You go bab. Make that ad money. Edit: mid video ad. Babs and hidden valley ranch. What the heck!
This is a great concept! As a long term viewer I think the vibe would benefit from less theatrics and production, keep some original Babish simplicity :)
She's adorable😁😂👍
Yo shoutout to Solha🙌being adorable and being a child pyromaniac 😂she’s the best
I got so confused over the new name, I thought you started a new channel
omg i’m so excited for this series she so charming and a great chef!! yay! loved her story about the fire pits and walnut shells
Didn't watch the cooking, guess i won't be learning anything anymore. I'm fine.
Thank god sohla found good work with good pay!!!!!!! Also fuck bon appetit
This is amazing.
I loved Binging now with Sohla, My all time favorite person from BA kitchen? fuck yeah i'm subbing now. now to get the babish universe bigger =D
Thank YOU, Babish - what a brilliant move! It's so great to see Sohla with her own show! We've missed her!!! 💜
This was great, I'm legitimately looking forward to more! The audio was far too quiet, though.
Absolutely delightful!
Can someone please explain what happened to Bon appetite?
#34 on trending rn!!! Can we get this vid in the top 10, guys?! :D
"the wheel has covid? topical.."
There butter be NUTMEG!
I'm so happy to see Sohla! WE WANT MORE
Sohla and Babish?! SIGN ME IN!!
Fuck yes!!! I missed seeing grown up Dora the Explorer cooking stuff
this is really awesome, im so glad to see sohla get her own show, she totally deserves it! is there any chance we could get subtitles on episodes (not just the auto generated ones) for those of us who are hard of hearing?
Bro, is that the same phallic microphone pewdiepie has?
Townsends channel did a 17th century man and cheese, so it definitely existed and his looked really good
This was delightful!
This is absolutely the best thing I’ve seen all week
This is awesome! So glad go get to see more videos with her again!
This is not only amazing, but TRULY the content we need in 2020. We love Sohla!
Can we get Clare and Brad too?
Can you make the Broodwich from Aqua Teen Hunger Force?
"You could not live with your culinary failures.  And where did that bring you?  Back to me."
hire everyone from ba so i can watch the content without the company
this look so great to make!  this was so much fun, well done to Babish for getting Sohla. She is wonderful.  BA who?
I like this..... a lot....its like mcu and dc cross overv
Sohla Townsend's, then?
this makes me so happy that youre working with her. this is so exciting!!!
Go Sohla!
nobody * captions *  s p a t u l a
Now hire Brad Leone!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If this is not the best news of 2020 I don't know what is.
OMG SOHLA I HAVE MISSED YOU.  BABISH YOU ARE THE FUCKING MAN!!!! THIS IS AWESOME.
thomas jefferson has entered the chat
Oh my gosh, is Sohla here permanently!?! This made my day!!!!!
I'm out of the loop, what happened to BA?
The name change confused me
did anyone ask for him to start showing face?
I'm just here to say I'm so happy to see her again and with such a perfect show ;-;
sohla makes my heart fuuuuulllllllll and i'm sure that 18tch century cheese.... and mac would make my belly feel the same way
Bon Appetit:*implodes* Babby: IT'S FREE REAL ESTATE
yay sohla!!!
OMG! This is amazing.
I’m so happy that you got Sohla!! She is the best and I’m so happy I get to see her more now. I missed her! Way to go, recognizing the best talent in getting this amazing chef in the spotlight. BA did not deserve her.
I love your stuff, but I feel like this style is almost over edited... The concept is great, but if you took it a bit more serious like the rest of your videos, obviously with your humor thrown in, but you don’t need props and odd suits to be funny, you’re already hilarious
Hellllll yea this makes me so happy
i laughed like every minute of this ong
Where the fuck did u get a umpalupa jk
Sohla is cool but I am here for babish?
SOHLA
So it‘s basically „Kässspätzle“, you can get it everywhere in swabian or bavarian part of germany
Fun idea but I just didn't think it was very interesting. I hope Sohla grows into her role. Great to see her back at work!
Damn you got ads with hidden valley, you sure have grown
Really excited for the continuity of this show, Sohla is really fun to watch and it will be cool to see her cook in different entertaining ways!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then died" What a life!
Sohla is my number one!! so happy to see her doing other things, cant wait to see more!
She got that bruno buccerati hair lmao
I love Babish but I will legit watch anything with Sohla in it. ANYTHING!
Dora has grown up a lot
OH MY GOD SOHLA!!!!! I missed seeing everyone on BA, I'm glad she's doing well!
Not gonna lie, that actually looks really good!
Yay!!!!
PLEASE HAVE TOWNSENDS ON
Keep going! Looking forward to more episodes!
yes! This was just perfect.
Everyone else: what's new in the MCU DCEU? Me with OG Iron Man levels of anticipation: what's to come from the BCU?!?  Also BRILLIANT name
the name, it scares me, why did you do this babby
Sohla is AMAZING.  One of my favourites from BA.  Try and get Gabby if you can ;) I loved her too. These chefs are SO SO talented.
SOHLA FINALLY GOT THE SHOW SHE DESERVED!!!
So happy that she left BA and joined Babish she deserved better for how good of a chef she is
Sohla's energy and knowledge are great value. Can't wait to see the universe grow!
That dish is called Kasespaeztle in Germany and Switzerland. Its even better with fried onions as a garnish.
Is one of the employment prerequisites for the BCU to have an extreme number of tattoos? If so, I'm out due to extremely sensitive skin. Still, the folks at work really enjoy my chocolate chip cookies.
pls check the dislike ratio babish
Babish totally gained something out of the Bon Appetite debacle!  We all knew Sohla deserved her own show! I hope Babish will give her a good % on all the ads and sponsorships!
Major R.I.P to BWB
I am soooooo happy for her
If Brad Leone joins the BCU everything will be amazing once more
- TOWNSENDS WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION -
Townsends collab when?
Welcome, Sohla!
SOHLA I MISSED YOU  thank you blessed Babish
OMG.  Sohla is officially part of the channel?  This is by far my favorite... anything, now.
Sohla, please take my money. 🥰
who thinks babish and the bcu should just absorb the employees that rightfully left Bon Appetit
So excited to see more of Sohla!
Babish said "is no one gonna give BA employees rights?" and then didn't wait for an answer
Yayayay I am so excited for this! Proud of you guys, Babish and Sohla!
Congrats Babish, you finally got my sub.
Fantastic
Babish Culinary Universe. Damn that has a ring to it
TOWNEND'S HAD ENTERED THE CHAT
God Sohla is amazing
This was so much fun to watch! I love that you are braving new frontiers! Congratulation to you and your growing BCU family, Andrew. I have been thoroughly captivated by the adventures you’ve shared so far! Looking forward to those yet to come...Welcome, Sohla!
I'd love to see Sohla do a blindfolded reverse engineered recipe like Chris Morocco.   Also just so happy we get to experience more of her personality and knowledge :')
Why change the channel you got here with what you already did why change also why change the name it will that was stupid
I'm so excited to see Sohla in a new show!
Super excited! Sohla is amazing! and I feel like bringing in a new host elevates your channel. And you two have good chemistry on screen. Can't wait!
aaaaAAAAAAAAaaAAAAAHHHHHH!
I'm a huge fan of this channel and of Sohla. I hope she finds what she's looking for here. I cannot begin to state my excitement of still being able to see her content. I'm looking forward to this new chapter :)
How long until Sohla finds someone else to blame for this series' inevitable low view count? Surely it won't be her fault, like how it was the racists expecting ethnic food that caused her NYC restaurant to fail. She's no doubt got tons of culinary knowledge, but the utter lack of enthusiasm (or even gratitude for you giving her a platform) is really off-putting.
Why did her putting that lid on sound like the intro to Three little birds by Bob Marley
Guys if you wanna see more food history stuff watch "TastingHistory"
yesss this is what she deserves!
Oi put yer glasses back on
"Binging with Bubelage"
I resubbed for Sohla
Yeesss now steal Brad next
I dunno about popular opinion, but for me, branching out like this is gonna lose a lot of the intimacy of the binging with babish brand. I feel like a lot of us watch this because of you, and I'm sure binging and basics will still continue, but becoming more of a company leads to channels getting shit. (Smosh) just expressing my opinion, if this is what you wanna do, fair enough
I wonder when the collab between Chef John and Guga will be
9:26 5 hours? That is also how long it takes for me to cook as well... That's why I mostly use instant food.
Babish, I love the idea, I love the execution & I hope that every opportunity you see to work with talented chefs, you jump on immediately. Can't wait for the sick BCU merch.
Can he please just hire the whole test kitchen but just instead actually pay the brown people?
SOHLA!!
Sohla is awesome! So glad she has found a new channel to be recognized for her hard work. <3
i hope this mini-show sticks around and doesn't become one of those twice and done channel expansions.
I don’t know how to feel about the new name
Check out the 18th century Macaroni and Cheese recipe from Townsends channel, definitely interesting to see how little the recipe has actually changed
What happened to Vinny :(
Fuck yes, So excited for this!
I absolutely LOVE this! Very excited for the wheel to eventually end up on 'make it sad'
I love this, just maybe change the titles so we don't know the spin?
This is an amazing show concept!!! I can’t wait to watch what happens next!!
YAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSS
Yeeesss
YES BABI THANK YOU FOR ADOPTING SOHLA😭😭😭❤️❤️❤️
yesssss i love sohla👏👏👏
So happy to see sohla!!
Dude they literally had cast iron stoves back then, they weren't cooking over open flame
Beautiful food that could kill me.
One half of me: no change darrrling Other half of me: OOOOOOOO MCU nod. Actual drunk me: spends entire video editing this because.......reasons.
I'm really amazed that bwb keeps growing and keeps making amazing stuff.   I guess the next step is tv or something
Always happy to see Sohla!
now we just need Priya to join and my heart will be full once more
BRING BACK BINGING WITH BABISH
18th CENTURY MAC AND CHEESE?? *THOMAS JEFFERSON HAS ENTERED THE CHAT*
Omg sohla
SOHLAAAAA!!!!!!! 😍😍😍😍😍
This is amazing
Babish going full Alton Brown, I love this  Glad to see Sohla in better hands
Congrats Sohla!!!
i didnt expect the concrete would explode that fast how hot was that fire
Can I apply for bcs I love to cook
Townsend did it
Welcome to the show. You eat cheese then you DIE needs to be a shirt.
I love this
Ahhhhhhhhh the lovely Sohla!
Oohhhhh the lovely sohla
This is awesome. Congrats to you both!
Dave
This is such an incredible collaboration and amazing news for Sola and the other BA persons affected by the horrible news that came to light earlier this year and decided to take action, amazing work guys 😊🎉
Yes! Icon! Our queen! If i wasn't subbed already I would just for this show
Hooray for Sohla!!
Ngl... I kinda miss the old name...
Sohla!!!!!!!!
Gloves aren't 18th century appropriate, re-do lol.
This project could “eat” TASY if it grownups well
This segment of game show was brilliant they are adorable and very sweet
I LOVE THIS!!! The bcu is about to be magnificent
*sees the wheel* Are you freaking serious?
NOPE!
if you're making a fire pit don't use concrete!!! the micropores in the concrete still have water and when heated the pressure builds massively causing these explosions at 5:08. Use fire bricks instead,  a bit pricier but safer and hold heat much better for cooking with!
Yes! Thank you Babish for celebrating the absolute culinary genius Sohla is!
This is so Babish its crazy.
Time to get Clair and Brad
Babish:  Changes the name from Binging with Babish to Babish Culinary Universe  Me:  Confused screaming
This is the hokiest thing i've ever seen.  Its beautiful
This is SOOOOO FUN
Collab with Alex French Guy Cooking??
you both have good chemistry but it probably boils down to being the nice and kind people that y'all are
This is the best thing that could have happened in 2020
Respect
More Sohla!
Never watched a video here till now but I’ll check it all out now
GOD I needed that dopamine today.  SOHLA I have missed you SO MUCH.  I didn't even realize how much until I watched this.  Is that a little weird?  Probably!  But I'm SO excited for this series!!  I need more Sohla in my life.
really enjoyed the content. However I did find the editing jarring had to take breaks watching. zoomed in and zoomed out cuts were just a little to much.
I LOVE U SOHLA
SPATULA!!!!!!
Live footage of andrew torturing this poor woman
Sohla is so genuine and deserves everything good in this world. Thank you for making this happen. Can’t wait to see more.
I thought this was a 18th century Cooking video by James Townsend.     Am I the only one?   Can confirm I am the only one.
YAAAAAS our one and only culinary guru queen SOHLA, sorry but I do love Sohla getting the appreciation she deservesss
From now on this show will never be the same but maybe this was for the better
wtf is sohla? your wife?
So is there going to be a cooking nook with Matty matheson too?
IM GONNA CRY THIS IS THE HAPPIEST DAY OF MY LIFE OMG
*Townsends has entered the chat*
i dont like this
YESSS we love to see it!!
So much fun to watch loved everything, great dynamic  duo's can't wait for more in store 😊😊
I love Babbish and I trust that this is a place where Sohla is finally getting the respect she deserves as a woman of color and an incredible chef
Awesome bro. Next time try duck fat in john wick 2 😀
now just get brad and claire, maybe get josh from the mythical kitchen every once in a while and i'll have all of my favorite cooking youtubers in one place
Amazing! How great to have Sohla now too 😃
What about your regular series Babi? So far I'm not convinced to this idea. I mean, yeah, colabos with BA members were fun and stuff, but they (or at least Sohla) just don't seem to fit here on regular basis
Transfer of 2020! Happy for you Sohla!
why does the audio sound muffled?
Amazing idea! And love to see Sohla!
I thoroughly enjoyed this, and will never try to make this.
You two just saved my 2020 (sorta lol) I looooooove this concept and I’m really looking forward watching more!!!
This episode is like a classical music history quiz.
🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂 I love this so much I can't wait until the other videos come out!!!!
Vinny’s working on this series, isn’t he?
This is a nope.
YES BABBYYYYYYY
IM.SSSSOOOOOO HAPPY
Glad to see Sohla back on the screen!
So happu for Sohlaa!!!
I can't believe babish stole sohla... now please steal brad
SOHLAAAAA
Now hire hunzi and this channel will be unstoppable
How can you savour the flavors and aromas of the 18th century without Townsends?
Why u change name. no good
yes! Sohla!!
I’m going to watch ALL OF THESE!! Sohla is awesome! 😊
That's just kässpätzle I literally ate this today😂 still very impressive :))
Awesome, she's great and was amazing in BA
This is filling up a part of the hole in my heart from the BA shutdown
Has anyone noticed that sohla has ompa lumpa hair.
thank god sohla is being appreciated, next up is brad hehe
Great episode, but is anyone else having audio issues? The audio is way too quiet.
Spätzle - as a German I feel very seen 🤣
I think people all over the world have been dropping dough into boiling water or oil for thousands of years. I never knew Spätzle was similar to Chinese shaved noodles.
IM SCREAMING 😍
This was a joy to watch I am so psyched for this series!
Glad someone final appreciates Sohla.
I wake up to see that binging with babish has died What has this world come to
Yay Sohla!
I LOVVVVVVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEEE THIS!
I love this channel
Townsend is shaking their head right now.
sohla<3
R.I.P. Binging With Babish :(
No we’re just binging, if we wanted a new Marvel movie we’d be on Disney+
Yess Sohla!
i enjoyed this content
Awesomeness
someone tell her dora the explorer is not the look
Boublage.  We all need good boublage
You know, I have no idea who you are, but there were fireworks, enthusiasm and no politics.  I love it.  Subscribed!
I CAN NOT stress enough how much I love this woman ❤️❤️❤️
So, BA is dead now?
The Käsespätzle look super tasty! I come from the area where it's a very common dish (Stuttgart in Baden-Württemberg, Germany). The only thing missing are onions, and to top it all off: a little bit of diced bacon/slices of ham.  Yummy!
So we have the MCU,DCEU and now the BCU. A universe where food exists somewhere else and Babish is basically Kevin Feige or the Russo Bros
Her acting when the wheel showed up was the comedy I needed in my life today!
I love this!!!!
Really like Sohla's arm ink work.  Are they just eye candy or do they have meaning to her?
Shoulda got Townsends in for this one! Great vid
I thought you're doing collab with Townsends. Almost get excited there
YAAYYYY I LOVE SOHLA! Also LMAO "Oooh baby I love my cheese"
It’s so great seeing Sohla again!
love it
I would make little fires in these holes i would dig......
Loved seeing Sohla! She is great and I’m glad she is working with you now! Here is to hoping more of the old BA crew find other/better gigs and are happy (and equally paid)
Very happy that y’all used 18th century composers for the music too!
I’m always happy to see Sohla!!!
This is awesome!!!  Super happy to Sohla on the team and can't wait to see more content from her.
Amazing.
Why did you change your name? :(
SOHLA! SOHLA! SOHLA!
I almost just choked on my tandoori chicken and rice when you said BCU. Good for you Babby
I love Sohla! So excited to see her here ❤❤❤
Gotta throw brad in the mix at some point
A cooking Colab with Townsends would be pretty cool too!
Subscribed as soon as I heard him say he hired Sohla
SOHLA!!
sohla is so overrated.
I'm beyond stoked for this.
We call that here in the Dominican Republic "Domplines" we mix pork chops and red sauce.
I’m 13 and I want to become a chef. Watching Sohla cook just brings happiness to me
The Babish takeover is commencing.  Shave your heads, grow your beards and bow to your new youtube culinary overlord!
Yay for more Sohla!
Omg I always wanted more sohla content!!!
SOHLA WE LOVE YOU
I'm so glad we get to see Sohla again!! Can't wait for more!!!!
Spätzle with a metric fuck ton if cheese actually is a standard meal you can get on historic markets here in Germany
WOOOOOO SOHLA
Love the name change, love this episode lol
I thought I was clicking on a Townsends video
Not really a fan of this 😕
THIS IS THE BEST!!! I've missed Sohla soooo much!!! After watching this I pointedly went and unsubscribed from Bon Appetit, LOL
Im so excited to see where this show goes, watching this one felt like the perfect pilot and Sohla is going to have so much room to grow. So happy to see shes getting the credit she deserves.
2:29 Sohla, you have just voiced my entire philosophy as a lactose intolerant cheese addict.
HECK YEAH SOHLA YOURE THE BEST GIRL GET IT
Seeing Sohla have her own show and getting the recognition and the bag she deserves is. Etheral. A show with Sohla being her genius self instead of just being used as a prop and not getting paid while she ran circles around most of the staff... i'm just so happy.
Sohla gives me Louise Belcher vibes and I love it
YYYYAY
I miss binging.
I'm so excited for Sohla's new show!!!!!! You're a smart man Andrew for giving her a show! BA's loss, is your gain!! And, ours of course.
Nobody: Me: Corduroy was in fact around in the 18th century!
are you going to snatch Claire too????
Time to collab with Townsends!
Fuck yeah. Love Sohla!!
I do not normally comment on things, but want to emphasise what an excellent choice hiring Sohla was by pointing out this is the direct cause of my finally subscribing.
Referencing the MCU 🧐
cowboy kent rollins is laughing his ass off right now
i subscribed to binging with babish not babish culinary whatever ???   we don't need more tasty channel look alike this is kinda sad
RIP binging with babish. BRING THE OLD NAME BACK, NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Yes Sohla! Getting her spotlight!
Stola: It was the 18th Century. People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died.  Me: *Lucky!*
I really like this! Sohla is very funny and a great addition to the BCU
Obligatory comment
. New favourite show, with my fave chef!
Just go watch Townsend
Audio is a bit off, right?
Hey babish what do we gotta do to get brad a show?
Yay!!! Sohla!!! We love you.
She reminds me of an Umpa-Lumpa lol
I can watch her on her own channel...
is that the same mic that Pewdiepie just got?
Finally a worthy test for Sohla's skills
When I saw the thumbnail I thought babish was wearing a wig
Not a fan of the new name😶 it doesn't have the same ring like last name. Hope it grows on me
lmao get WRECKED conde nast
Let’s go! Fuck BA
This would have been a perfect opportunity to do a crossover with Townsend & Sons.
Whatever ....
first time watching sohla, shes adorable
Name change
I buy a Mac and cheese box and then get slapped in the face with a max and cheese video. what timing -_-
I'm getting Fibbage vibes from the transitions, is that just me?
When did the name change?! And why??
the flavor from a single box of kraft dinner would've killed a peasant child in the 18th century
So glad Sohla has a much better and more deserving place to continue to create content. I'm so excited to see all this new show has to offer.
Friendship ended with Bon Appétit. Now BCU is my best friend.
I was hoping Bon Appétit would do this segment for Sohla, but I’m happy Babish is instead because Sohla deserves the best.
might as well just go full bab appetit
Oh I'm so happy I could cry! Sohla is my favourite she's incredibly talented and always brings a smile to my face. I was hoping she would either start her own show or join someone elses channel glad Babish and her got together to create this absolute joy of a show I cannot wait for more episodes!
YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSS love these ideas!
I was amazed to learn that there are Mac and Cheese recipes from the Victorian era
Sohla I am SO happy to be able to have more content from you. You are an incredible person and really inspire me on how to approach food in general. Thank you for being you.
keep em comin
So excited my dad just bought me your cookbook for my 22nd birthday! Gotta decide the first dish to cook from it!
I adore this!
The other guy looks like if Dora was buff af and had tats
❤️❤️❤️❤️
So you just made Käsespätzle an actual traditional dish here in Austria ;)
This is great!
SHE'S BEING PAIIID!
I didn't make fires but we had sweet nightshade berry bushes in the neighbor's back yard we could reach. i never ate them cuz i was told not to but i used to get the little decorative shells my mother had in the garden and use them as bowls for the berries which i'd smush and make into various meals for whatever i imagined i was feeding. :)  glad to see you again sohla and proud of you for standing up lady <3
Is anyone else pumped that babish adopted sohla?
You've got to get Chef John on the show
Adopting the best BA people is the best
Wonderful aaaaa
Truly heartwarming
Stealing all the people who were being under appreciated at BA? I approve.
Thus begins Babish's absorption of the BA test kitchen
Holly ShitSnacks!!! Sohla has joined the channel!? I'm so happy I could scream! Turns out BA's bigotry has opened some awesome opportunities for Andy.
Love it! Great job Sohla & Andrew!
SOHLA SOHLA SOHLA SOHLA SOHLA
BCU eh? I look forward to seeing Andrew reach amongst the ashes of fallen YouTube channels as he collects the infinity chefs.  Perfectly balanced, as all things should be.
all good apart from cringe wheel start.
This is amazing!
Binging with Babish: "You took everything from me"  Babish Culinary Universe: "I don't even know who you are"
"Hold on, hold on, nobody help me." Me, eating popcorn: Oh, I had no plans to.
Its so nice to see Sohla in a situation where I feel she is actually valued.
I’m so happy to see Sohla happy and appreciated!
This is Great! Sohla is the best!! Way to go Andrew!
I'm very happy to see you've picked up Sohla! Excited to see more episodes with her in it she really brings a charm to the channel
Andrew quietly crab walking the spinning wheel out of frame has me rolling for some reason.
So happy to get to see more Sohla content!
I would die for Sohla from the Babish Culinary Universe
Vinny, now Sohla... Babish is taking everything good. Take Brad next, I want more Babby and Brad
Sohla is so amazing in this! A much overdue showcase of their talent 😍😍😍😍😍😍
Godddddd you've made me so hungry for käsespaetzle...  What an amazing surprise not long after I discovered this channel!! So happy Sohla gets a place to flex her skills AND hopefully get paid what she's worth!
THE RANCH ADD BEFORE THE VIDEO HAD YOU IN IT OH MY GOD 😂😂😂 I WAS NOT EXPECTING THAT!!!
Oh my God, YES SOHLA!!!
that was sick. I for one welcome the BCU as our new ruler of internet food shows. fk me up fam
So when this fails, who is she going to blame?
Babish has to be getting the biggest bag right now
sohla u rockkk
Love this! Welcome, Sohla!
Oh Sohla! I am so happy for you! I love this for Andrew too but I missed you!
So happy to see sohla 💕😭
Who's next? Brad? 💯
John Townsend & Sons
Great to see Sohla on the channel after that whole bon appetite fiasco, great addition to the channel, just dont make the same mistakes they did. <3
Ooooh, this seems like an exciting new show.
Sohla!!! Yay!!
My god this just became the funniest channel on Youtube! Welcome, Sohla! You and Andy see to make a great team! Excited to see what other shows you guys will whip up!
reexplored aggregating
She looks like an oompa loompa
Getting a Babish commercial about the Botanist drink on a Babish video about Mac & Cheese...  Ah, they grow up so fast...
She seems so much more at home 🏡☺️
Im so happy 😭😭😭❤❤❤
Love Sohla!! Nice video
the corduroy textile existed for thousands of years before it came to acquire the name of corduroy as we know it. It is being used and manufactured in 200 AD in Egypt
I can't express how happy this makes me
I feel such joy watching this. Thank you for everything you've done and every cook you inspired. I'm excited for the future of the BCU! <3
Sohla's best pronunciation of spätzle was when her mouth was full of spätzle
I'm so glad that Sohla found a new and supportive community, I certainly look forward to her continued success here.
Yeahhhh sohlaaaaaa
Sohla! I’m so happy she’s here. Thank you Andrew.
I love Sohla!!!!!!!
Thank you for bringing such talent to the channel!
SOHLAAAAA
I think "oooh baby I love my cheese" was probably when I couldn't stop the simp
I’m glad sohla is booked and busy
I got a hidden valley ranch ad featuring Babish and I feel so proud of the growth of this channel. Take that space once held by the channel that shan't be named!!
You refer to German Spätzle right?
Fuck yea!
YO, has anyone noticed her forearms? They look pretty good dude
It's so good to see Sohla again, I've missed her a lot.  I've missed Brad a lot as well, come an Andrew do us a biggie
Babish you're probably my favorite YouTuber but those denim shorts have got to go
Babish now has the ability to sponsor his own videos... Props
Will you add "alien-like/make it exotic" prompt on wheel?
Kinda think that cheese may be too modern, but it looks good anyway. Check out Townsends on YouTube for a good video about the 1784 version of mac & cheese.
better than cottage core
This combines my two most favorite chefs in one place! I love this! Babish and Sohla ♥️
I hope she's having fun!!!! I'm so happy for her I love how she cooks
YAYYYYYY WE LOVE SOHLA
Hell yes more Sohla !!!!!!!!!!!! Mad respect for y’all
I gotta say I’ll miss the old channel name but I’m even more excited that Sohla joined the crew!
this is the series that saves the youtube cooking community
This is exactly what we needed on this channel.
BA swinging at the air right now after losing their staff.
You saw the need for a diverse community of people who love to make food after the events of this year, and you've filled the position with grace. I'm so happy to see Sohla!
End product looked awesome.  So impressed.  And, damn how can you NOT make a some-more!
Had to rewind because I wasn’t sure if he said shit or show. I am pleased to say I heard correctly then first time.
This was so dumb.  I need more.💛
Yes!! Sohla is amazing, welcome!
Sohla rules!
Andrew i cannot stress this enought, I AM HERE FOR THIS CONTENT MY GUY !!!!!
Nope, dont like that
I want
This man is going after Conde Nast. The Legend!
Babish about to hire half of the old BA staff and I'm not mad about it at all.
wait, why are concrete firepits a thing if concrete explodes with heat?
YES I CAN BE HAPPY AGAIN
Ok, Sohla is here. This is the place to be. wtf did BA do to explode so badly??!
Let’s bring Molly over too!!!
Love the era-appropriate Vivaldi!!!
I'm so glad you are giving one of my favorite BA chefs some spotlight
This show better than the BA stuff.
What I learned: You can't fight fire with fire but you can definitely make fire with fire lol
You did it! You gave sohla a show! Thank you so much!
just love it :D
I can't believe she forgot the nutmeg. Everything back then had it. Also I enjoyed this and can't wait to see more content from the usual sorta makes me want to give this a shot.
THE NEW NAME IS CHANGED AHHHHH
Sohla! Fantastic! I'm very excited to see more of your excellent work! BCU ENGAGE
I was ready to hear:Let us savor the flavors of the 18th century.
Thanks Babish I have watched a few episodes, but will now subscribe for Sohla content.
Okay, I love this.
Not sure if its just me but the volume on this is really low and my volume is maxed on my phone
YEEEEEEEEEEES
Sohlaaaaa!!!
I love the leaves on her right arm
2:10 Sohla's live reaction of her first day on the job. We love you Sohla!!!
So pleased to see Solha has joined the team to expand the channel.
I just spent a week in the mountains, and this is what I come back to. It seems appropriate.   Also, the leaves changing color was damn breath taking.
I love Sohla’s thinking ... people didn’t care about long term health . People eat cheese as they want and then died lmao!!!!
I was going to make a comment about the Townsends not being impressed, but I see I'm very late to that party.
”Did they have mac-n-cheese in the 18th century?”  *𝚃𝚑𝚘𝚖𝚊𝚜 𝙹𝚎𝚏𝚏𝚎𝚛𝚜𝚘𝚗 𝚒𝚜 𝚝𝚢𝚙𝚒𝚗𝚐...*
this is the best thing to happen to me all month
Yaaaaaaaas Sohla!!!
Yayyy!!! I love sohla!
Nah. I'm done with this channel.
I like this.
Glad to see Sohla in some 10/10 content. Excited for this series
5:07 what an explosive episode.
Awww.  This is awesome fun.  I haven't finished watching it all, but I still want to caution Sohla.  My great great grandparents were pioneers of a sort in Florida back in the day.  The photos of them were eye opening.  My GGGrandmother was even more bald than my GGGrandpa!  Why, you may ask?  It was from cooking over an open flame for decades.  She would lean over the fire....and eventually lost her hair.  So, be careful!
yee
This was everything
Spatula!
I fuck with this
Yyyeeeeesssssssss!!!!!!!!
“Huh, huh…you don’t care"  I do 🙋‍♀️, Sohla. I care very much! I ♥️ Sohla!
I'm SO excited for this new episode!<3
this is absolutely incredible
I stan that woman so hard.
Not sure about the bcu that name well I don't think it works
Why did he actually change the channel name though??
I was confused but happy sohla is here.
I’m gonna miss binging with babish
It'd be so awesome if Stella Parks was a guest on Sohla's show!!!
She forgot the nutmeg she failed
Andrew poaching both Vinny and Sohla from Conde Nast is BDE
OH NO we're losing our bwb
So happy to see Sohla in a new regular fixture. Can't wait for more episodes with her! I'm also looking forward to seeing where you take the BCU. Could be a great way of expanding your channel to provide even more varied content, hopefully without overworking yourselves or diluting the core Babish experience we've come to expect. Sohla certainly fits in!
BCU doesnt sound that well imo How abut Binging Kitchen Babish Kitchen Binging Culinary  Idk But bcu name can improve a little(?
please make pierogies !!!
Finally subscribed Babby, had to be Sohla. She's a legend
I miss the old name :(
Wow, this new series looks wheely cool
YUPPPP WELCOME SOHLA I LOVE YOU I HOPE YOU GET EVERYTHING YOU DESERVE BABY
SOHLAA
I dont like the new channel name make me big sad
Make burek
Yass Sohla!
I'm kinda nervous about the rebrand because they haven't historically gone well for other channels, but Sohla's always welcome so I can't be too cynical right now.
The Peter frampton cheese parody is everything I need
I'm not sure if I like this..
If you want more 18 century cooking you should go to should go to Townsend’s
You gotta love your good old Kässpätzle with caramelized onions!
It's bothering me that ur using an unplugged overhead mic instead of one of those bob barker stick mics but I still love you
Audio needs some work
Oh my gosh, Sohla being part of the Babbyverse is exactly what I was hoping for. I'm maybe a little too excited to see the sohladarity going on in this channel
This is more than I could have asked for. Amazing
RIP Binging With Babish. 🙏🏼
I got a Hidden Valley Ranch Seasoning ad with Babish on it. That's pretty cool.
R.I.P. Binging with Babish 😭
What a bunch of nerds lol. This was awesome I can't wait for more!!!!
Me: gets the babish hidden valley ranch ad Ah, so that's where the budget jumped
That pasta looks amazing on its own
Sohla sighing at Andy after the wheel made all the babish silliness worth while. I hope 10% of this new show is her just being done with Andy.
Hell yes Sohla!!!
Is sohla finally getting the respect and recognition she's always deserved? I am down for it
OKAY WHEN DID HE CHANGE BINGING WITH BABISH
This was a great first impression. Definitely interested in more
Sohla is the best! So stoked on this!
WHERE'S THE NUUUUUTMEEEEEEG
9:53 cringe 😭 not the show the sound of the fork thing scraping against his teeth 😭
Please make a зефи́р. I tried a recipe on YouTube an all i have is two trays of whipped applesauce goo
SOHLA SOHLA SOHLAAAAAA 😭💙💙
get vinny behind the camera. hunzi editing.  gaby shooting "it's dead." Molly for "Molly attempts." Andy for "andy tastes" brad, shooting "it's living!", claire for "fancy creations" who am i missing?
Interesting way to make pasta. Yes i must try it today !
I love Solha so much. She’s my culinary spirit animal.
Constructive criticism only: the opening was a bit rough because that style of game show is 50 years old now so the parody has been kind of overdone at this point, as well as the awkward and serious host schtick. And I'm gonna chalk the music up to the 18th century vibe but it still felt a bit wonky.  Besides that, it was fun and I'm happy to see this channel grow and develop into something new. Good luck to Sohla and the rest of the crew as y'all work out the kinks!
I loooooove "historical" recipes!
So excited for Sohla!
I did enjoy this. but I have to say, it really is a far cry from the original binging with babish style videos.
“They are all the cheese they wanted to and then they died” they really lived the life
Its just so great to see Sohla... I hope she's being well paid for this
Spätzle is pronounced as "Spa-tz-lae" .
I love Sohla. She just seems very not into this whole ordeal lol. Hopefully the future episodes will be a little less cringe.
Sohla seems so happy here than in the BA test kitchen! So glad to  see her thriving!!
Filling the void! Good stuff!
God I loved every second of this, cannot wait for the next ep on Saturday!!
wait until she realizes that the pasteurization process wasn't invented until the mid 19th century.
7:21 I guess she was never taught about Levi Strauss
Meanwhile, Townsends is patiently collecting the Infinity Nutmegs. It. Is. Inevitable.
Love this, love Sohla, love the new channel, love everything
Käsespätzle! 😃
Lol this is awesome
Careful mate, Sohla already crashed BA over dumb shit, careful the same dont happen to you. I cant be a fan of her after all she did
She looks like Dora
Just don't grow too much and lose control, we are here for you Babish, not for other people.
Request to do a cowboy bebop video session 4
I ❤️❤️❤️ Sohla!!!
I dont like the name change of the channel
Yes Sohla!!!❤❤❤
So excited about Sohla having her own show now :)
This new series really took a *SPIN* on things
Yum! Spätzle! I’ll make this for dinner tomorrow
Not feeling this show.  I like zohla though.
It’s only been one episode and I absolutely love it Gimme more please
It is the way I got an ad after technical difficulties 😂😂😭
Can you send me some in the mail?!😔🥺😭
Poor Sohlal 😂😂😂  I'm happy she's back
"they just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" LMAOOO
For more 18th Century cooking make an collaboration with the Channel - Townsends, they can help in this case a lot i think.
Binging with Babish was a better name. Also the into music is very much missed.
Babish universe? This channels gonna become a company with multiple hosts
Doesn’t make a log cabin or tepee fire     *you have disgraced us all*
I’m soh ready for Sohla!!!
Hi Sohla!
way too long
Did anyone else get the commercial where babish uses hidden valley ranch? While about to watch a banish video?
I AM SO BEYOND EXCITED. MY DREAMS HAVE COME TRUE!  SOHLAAAA IVE MISSED YOU
So how many Bon Appétit refuges did Babish hire? That's the real question.
I love Sohla! I will always watch her videos. Suscribed!
Corduroy existed as early as ~1754 but it would have been a very expensive apron
He has the same mic like pewdiepie!!!
BRING. IN. BRAD
I can't be the only one who clicked on it, thinking that I clicked on Townsends' video.
I’m so excited but I’m not gonna lie it’s kinda sad to see the binging with babish name leave  :( excited to see more from Sohla tho!!!!
Townsends is hiding out somewhere, doing their best to sneak large amounts of nutmeg into the recipe.
tres drole
7:40 she got it right once
SOHLA!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Love this
When is the Townsends Colab?
Did the 18th century mac and cheese  make the clean cast iron pan club? And Sohla needs a tiny whisk.
Love that new show !!
Yaaaasss Sohla! ❤️
Sohla says her “Oh god” like Brad does, and now I miss Brad.
This was a hot mess, and I loved every moment of it.  XD
My two favorite people together!!!!!!!
You're gonna need to try harder than that to stump Sohla! Still loved it though, can't wait for next episode
two GOATs , one vid
Love to see more Sohla on your channel - and regularly! what a treat!
Yay... A member of BA's D-Team now has their own show...
Yayayayayayayyayayayayayayayayayayayay
With all that shit happened on BA, it's cool to see Babish to have some of them
I love what you are doing and what is coming up xD, but i miss the old Name :( But i get it why you chose to change it
Boiling water in walnuts shells s a child, clearly a reincarnated master chef!
I just got an ad by Hidden Valley Ranch featuring Babish before this vid.
This was so cringy, absolutely loved it😂
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat then died" Same
sohla is so funny
i’m so happy to see sohla again!!!
Please tell me with the channel upgrades we will still get normal episodes of Babish. I enjoy the change, but I dont know how I will live without babish making a strange dish from a random cartoon with an absolute BOP in the background (Add And).
Ripping off Townsend... But just be careful B... Sohla might come back in a couple of years all butt hurt you used her in a video...  She was the worst one on Bon Appetit anyways. IMO.
Babish is the best
Thomas Jefferson would approve
BCU will take over the world
Wait does this mean brad (from bon Appetite) could come on the show?
Love the new show, congrats to everyone!!!
Spawling concrete is not fun! Well done on The new team!
I BELIEVE IN SOHLA EL-WAYLLY SUPREMACY
I thought this was babish new channel or something until I noticed that I was already subscribed
'People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died' sounds like how i want to go out of this world
I’m glad to see Sohla on here. I can’t wait to see more.
Yes!!! So happy we get to see Sohla again!!!
Fun fact: Mac & Cheese was Thomas Jefferson's favorite dish, which is the only thing I can respect about him
Like to borrow the eternal flame from Sohla
SOHLA! This is an excellent decision, Babish! What a fun first episode.
3:34 women these days 😕
YEAAAAAAAAAAA i love her!!!! This is so cool i never saw this comin, babish expanding the channel, but its a welcome change!
R.I.P binging with babish
love to see it
before it was called binging with babish am i right? like he changed it right?
this is just free money that bon appetit is losing and i love it
Hell yeah loving the direction of the show and bringing in people from companies that mistreated their employees, can’t wait to see more!
I love this concept and am super excited so see Sohla back at it
This is amazing. Sohla, we missed you!
GO SOHLA
YES! I was hoping Sohla would end up making videos of her doing weird challenges or experiments! Even better if it's as part of the BCU! The more Sohla and her awesome, nerdy self, the better!
Considering this feels like a rip off of Townsend I am unfollowing. Can't gentrify the talent of that wonderful man and his sons
Banish changing the channel name🤨😟😔
I love how Andrew introduced Sohla and acknowledged her diverse skill set and the value she brings to BCU.  BA/Conde Nast is choking on their tears while BCU embraces Sohla for all that she has to offer (a fucking lot).
MORE!
We Stan BCU 🥳🥰
My favourite duo
first you get the Sohla, then you get the Brad,THEN you get the Claire
This is amazing! I'm so glad to see you two working together permanently!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died" TAKE ME BACK
I am a simple girl. I see Sohla, I click.
Is this a Townsend rip off channel????
YES.
LOVE IT
Drop the recipe video for that s'more next. Don't hold out on us.
COLLECT THE BON APPETIT CREW LIKE FREAKING COLLECTABLE CARDS, CATCH THEM ALL! WE WANT CLAIR SAFFITS, WE WANT CHRIS, MOLLY, BRAD, RICK, ANDY, (and everyone else I didnt mention b/c of time, my break is over sorry) ALLLLLLLLLLL OF THEMMMM.
Maybe ask California how to start a fire.
Thank you for giving Sohla a platform. Sohla, we love you!
great job
What what what what what
This is AWESOME!!!
BIG OL YES TO SOHLA & BABISH! Love that Sohla is getting paid for doing what she is great at! She's incredible and I love it!  (P.s Babish should just hire all of the BA staff and pay them equitably.)
IS CHRISTINA COMING TOO CAN U BRING CHRISTINA CAN CHRISTINA COME IM CRYING CULINARY UNIVERSE IMPLIES MORE PPL R GONNA COME IM GONNA CRY   CHRISTINA?????
Ahh stumping shola
Yay more Sohla!
Sohla has such a wonderful personality, and is an incredibly talented and creative chef.  I love you Andrew, but I'd try to limit the appearances in the show to a minimum, unless you're there to help. It's a bit distracting how the relationship seems very boss-employee like, after seeing Sohla and the rest of BA kitchen collaborate and always be inclusive and treat everyone as equals (even if behind the scenes things were far from it). I understand the need to "tie it" to your own work and channel in some way, and needing to introduce Sohla to people that might not know her - but she is definitely capable of carrying it all on her own.
oh I have missed SOLAH!  YOU ARE LOVED IN TENNESSEE!!
Sohla! We love you!
SOHLA SOHLA SOHLA!!! YEAAAAAAY!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Can we take a moment to think about how hiring someone talented to do a job and actually paying proportional (I assume) to their skill level is praise worthy? Speaks volumes about the shit BA was pulling
GET THEM ALL BABISH
As an Austrian: if you want 18th century Mac'n'Cheese you want Käsespätzle! Similar to modern baked Mac & Cheese, only without the Bechamel.
YEEEEEES SOHLA
I see Sohla, I click!!!! 🥰
So I actually had this weird feeling that our boi Andrew here was going to be one of the smart and nice people to pick up Sohla and give her more airtime after (the stuff) so yay!
Cringe he changed his name
First it was Vinny now Sohla. I will continue my support until not only does Clair Saffiz work for you but she is also having your child
Andrew Rea: not the hero this world deserves, but the hero this world needs
I can't wait to see more of this
3:38 inferno from fire force starts playing
He baited us all with that thumbnail. Well played Babish
Sohla can finally SHINE!!!
Omg, I love everything about his series.
welp... there was about as much chemistry between these two as there is left in my brain from high school chemistry class 20 years ago.... strong C student at that time so...
A bit rushed, but looking forward to more episodes!
I LOVE THIS SO MUCH!!
Who corrected Sohla's "spätzle" pronunciation? The correction was spot on! I was impressed
Saying goodbye to Binging with Babish is a hard sell, like REALLY hard sell. That name was ICONIC and brilliant. Having said that, I've bought into BCU and would like to buy extra stock in this new venture. When's the Brad Leone crossover!?
Top notch stuff! Loving the bcu
Great to see Sohla again! 😊
I LOVEEEE DISSSSSSS
This seems so weird to me, because where I grew up we always made "mac" & cheese with Spätzle...
Exactly the content I want I love just watching Sohla being awkward and messy whilst being a genius
Yessss!
wait a sec, you're not pete townsend
SOHLAAAAAAAAA
This just made me so stupidly happy. Thanks, Andrew. AND thanks, Sohla. You're the best.     🧡💜
I love this.
Yay Sohla¡!!!!!!!!
Am I the only one who prefers him working alone?
Changed your name then? Like it.
So glad to get to enjoy Sohla's work and know she's being properly compensated for it
SOHLA!
If I wasn’t sober for 15 years I would buy a bottle of your gin.
I'm not sure what it is,but the audio seemed a bit off in this video. Just much quieter than normal.
I CANNOT EVEN
Tiny whisk in your pocket 🤣
Best new series!
Specifically watching Sohla build a fire:  The guys over at Townsend's: "Sohla, NO!"  Sohla: "Sohla, YES"
ngl this is kinda cute
yes. yes. this will fill the sohla void nicely.
Yay, Sohla! So good to see her back on the tubes of you! Gotta ask though, mac & cheese?? Read the room. But she did a great job with this weird variation on the all-too-common theme.
Ugh - please! Just stop.
I feel like making a new channel would be better
That was an actual "le sigh".
Sohlas recipe for Käsespätzle (cheese Spätzle) is similar to mine. The key difference to my recipe is an addition of a buttload of fried onions.
I honestly would've never thought babish had such good comedic delivery
YAAAAAAAASSSSSS
This is the best thing to happen in my life in a long time.
Omg I love Sohla!! Can’t wait to see more! 💕
Great show and great addition to Team Babish!  Only thing is...it is technically not a "mac" and cheese....close but not really...can't wait for next episode on Saturday!
Glad to see Sohla again!
Not gonna lie I haven't seen any of the newer episodes, at least anything other than bingeing w babish.... I like it
did anyone else get an ad for the botanist gin at the beginning?
SOHLA WE LOVE YOU
Dude Sohla's arms are absolutely RIPPED from a lifetime of mixing things. 😍😍😍😍
I can confirm, in Germany its called Käsespätzle and its best with some roasted or caramelized onions.
"They are all the cheese and died"  *gets 98k upvotes*
Audio too base-y
I'm so happy that Sohla works now with Babish :) awesome!
So you are basically making "Kässpätzle"? The superior Mac'n'Cheese!
Babish, missed a golden opportunity to come in before eating dressed like someone from the 18th century... I'm honestly a bit disappointed.
Incredible
I’ve missed Sohla so much I’m so glad she ditched BA! She was always so much fun to watch! ☺️
Yeah babish's becomming tasty 🤭
Wait so...binging with babish is not a thing anymore? Babish Culinary Universe just doesnt have the same ring to it.
I think Sohla was very kind to let you do the wheel thing and the terrible game show thing.  I'm excited for the BCU even after this shambles of an episode.    I bet you can Nick Fury this and gather together a rag tag band of misfits to help you build Phase One of the BCU.  You know Brad right?
Well, she's just freakin' adorable.
noooooooo binging
I cant get over how babish looks like Ryan reynold, like if he went undercover or something
YES! Full support for this partnership, I love Sohla!
Yes we love a supporter 💖
Its great to see Babish getting these big sponsors and moving up in the world. Such a wholesome man and channel!
I would like 500 more of these please and thank you.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YAY SOHLA!!!!
Sohla!
In Germany Spätzle with cheese and roasted Onions are very common. This video is awesome 💕
LOVE THIS! Welcome to BCU, Sohla! You two are a great culinary and entertainment mix! <3
I love this!
The Mozart is a nice touch
BA could never. sohla deserves her own show so glad babish is the wholesome youtuber to use his platform. at least there’s a wayyyy better chance she’s actually getting paid for her worth
oh hell yes
You rock Andrew! You rock Sohla!
Just saw a news article about her doing videos on babish yesterday, I couldn't wait to see this
Not to be that girl, but you don't use those forks to eat with. You use a spoon or the flat of a (big) knife.
Well this was fantastic.
2:29 "I think I'm going to use a lot of cheese because back then they died young. There was no concern..long term health. People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and they died" We love a culinary historian xD hahaha LOVE THIS BTW ^_^
Everyone liked that
i love you both very much
How about only "babish" this new one doesnt sound that good :D
So glad i wasn't the only person sad when I saw something 18th century cooking and not Townsend.  Babish has mentioned him so he knows about it.  Then again, if you watch Townsend's channel, he looks very busy.
Didn't even notice the name change for second there.
She looked instantly regretful.  😂🤣😂🤣 She's also confused about how people did things back then.
I don't like this
You better watch yourself you're starting to step on J Townsend's territory
Thanks so much for this. Sohla is just the cat's ass, and an unfathomably strong addition to the channel.
So excited to see more Sohla!!! I have missed watching videos with her
Good.
Absolutely love this! Very happy for Sohla!!!
No, put the channel name back
I love how she says "Bubble-age". it sounds like "Boob Lodge".   I want to live in the Boob Lodge
Oh my gosh I am so excited to see shola in an amazing new place and to see this channel expanding this is so amazing and so cool!! Now I'm just wondering when basics will be back and what days and times it will air
Eating pasta with that style of fork, you are brave. Use a spoon next time you nut! 8)
the queen has returned
Solah never disappoints!!
So happy to see Sohla
This man out here wearing jorts. What a god
SOHLA 🥺🥺🥰🥰
I thought this was just gonna be Sohla on a stump cooking.
love everything about this
Sohla is perfect for this channel. Thank you for picking her up and letting her showcase her talents 100%. Its what she deserves.
I'm so glad this exists
I'm excited for more of this!
Love to see Sohla given a new platform, hopefully better than BA was
Im nervous but ill stick with babish no matter what he does
Thank the lord for Thomas Jefferson, and his greatest invention
I never realized how much babish look like Rusty venture from The venture Bros
Wow this is absolutely amazing!!! You’re such a great person ... this channel is filled with great people! Thank you for being a light in these dark times 🥰🥰
I can't wait for more of this! I'm so glad to see Sohla back in action and even more excited to see here on team Babish :D
This is amazing! I can't wait for more! Such a wonderful idea and who isn't in love with Sohla!!?
I’m so pleased someone is actually utilising Sohla to her full potential. We need some Brad Leone now ❤️
I like this
Why is my man cooking with Dora the Explorer?
So happy to see Sohla on this channel! Big fan of you both!
Careful. She’s a hero. Best wishes and looking forward to the future of this channel.
Yes yes yes yes yes !
treat her right!
Get in with Townsend's and I'm glad she is still in the game .
I LOVE SOHLA SO MUCH
The little shuffle when Andrew took the wheel brought me a lot of joy
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and died" sounds pretty good
Käsespätzle is a very traditional southern German dish by the way.
Andrew's definitely been watching too much of James Townsend's channel... and Sohla seems like she's never seen it
I thought babish channel was binging with babish. When did it change to babish culinary University.
for something like this collaborating with tasting history or townsends would be cool
Absorb hunzi next
I’m so glad this channel is expanding! Sohla is hilarious 😂😂😂
This is so fun and exciting!!!!!
omfg this is the best thing to come out of 2020
Hell yeah!!!!
“We have BOOBLAGE.”
The lady with the umpa lumpa outfit and trumps tan was a cool addition to the show
This was an absolute joy! Welcome to Sohla and I look forward to more from this series! ❤️
Sohla!!!!!! I'm so excited for this. So happy she had her in show.
Yes, Sohla! We love to see it.
Ok what's the musical piece at 9:47?
Please keep ordering more of these forever
where is the nutmeg?
BCU?
So happy to see the crew and family grow! Looking forward to the future of the BCU!
Man that Brooklyn kitchen is huge
You guys should collab with townsends channel, they know 18th century cooking
Don’t be afraid of giving us the 30 min version of this show.. just saying.. I’d watch all of it. Prob more than twice.
this is so tight
Who is this sohla person??? Also, this content seems stupid.
I bought your cook book
Omg liters can’t wait for more content. She is sooo creative <3
I can't even calm down enough to focus on the show because SOHLA!!!!!!!! YAY!!!!
Can't wait to see the Great Team-Up with Babish, Townsends, Food Wishes, and Sam the Cooking Guy.
I guess babish is the next one to get cancelled
This is wholesome. Thank you Andrew. Yaaay, we have Sohla!
Now all we need is Brad from the test kitchen !
You rename the channel to BCU, where did that bring you? Back to Townsends.
awful
Thank you for bringing Sohla back to us <3
So it’s my birthday and I couldn’t think of a better present!!!
Kind of not fully sold on the concept of the show, but hey I'll watch anything with Sohla in it!
Heck ya I've been waiting for some quality Sohla content.
No, change the name back to Bingeing With Babish
Mac & Cheese was invented and published in 1769 if anyone was curious.
This is just dorks having so much fun, and I am here for it.
Oh my days I love Sohla
Your Chanel will always be Binging With Babish in my heart
Phenomenal
I’m so happy for Sola, considering all that went down with BA, I’m happy to see her working with Babish. She finally get the recognition she deserves!
Insane evolution since your early days. And amazing to have Sohla on. I'm also here for Claire!
I'm surprised no one made her make her own cheese too
This is awesome. Sohla is such a great addition to the Babish Universe
"People just ate all the cheese and then they died"  Ah, the good ole days.
I'd like to suggest applying deesser to your voice. there's kinda a lot of swooshing sounds.
sohla's back!! ^_^
I want "Make it Sad" SO BAD.  I NEED "make it sad" SO MUCH MAKE IT SAD!!
What's wrong with binging with babish?.... 😢
Hummmmm one word.  YES!
YES!!! This 👏 is 👏 what 👏 I’m 👏 talking 👏 about!!! 🎉 SO Excited for this series & seeing two awesomely kind AND talented people coming together who deserve all the sponsorships 😄👍👏🎉🎊
This is great and funny show👋 I like  the editing job and quarks 💜great job guys keep it funny. Also that song I love, my son played it for his solo in 2019 miss the old normal 😢🎻
SOHLA!!! def subscribing for more sohla :)
Yea! More of this!
Sweet! Great addition to the channel!! It's great to see Sohla again!
This is really painful to watch. Super interesting how much struggle city folks have when they don’t have the conveniences they’re used to. Makes me wonder what would happen if society broke bad.
*cries in i love sohla so much*  anyways fuck bon appétit 😌
Fuck yeah Sohla!
Naaaah skip...
i love this segment. Sohla is an absolute delight to watch!!!
Ahh, original Käsespätzle
YEAAHHHHHHHH BOOIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII
I SCREAMED! IM CRYING!!! Thank you bad bish
Am I the only one who thought for a second that the thumbnail was shaved Babish wearing a wig?
The sound I made when I saw Sohla in my Youtube feed again wasn't human. Finally, the queen is back <3
sohla suffering in the name of 18th century cooking. what art, what grace
Smacking 2 ordinary rocks together and not flint.
I really hope everyone who left BA finds such a wonderful place to continue their craft!
THE WHEEL IT'S GENIUS I GASPED
You GD Genius!!!  .
Overjoyed to see Sohla again. Based on Andrews online persona (which is obviously real life), I have an optimistic outlook for her jumping on this reset opportunity.  Ps BA can suck it.
Yay! I missed my Sohla!
the name change seems unnecessary
This was so cool! Another great chef 💜
This makes me so happy❤️
This is the BEST and I am FOR IT!
I could not be more excited about this series
Welcome to the channel Sohla! I'm honestly so excited for this.
Looks like SOMEONE is willing to pay Sohla what she is worth.... :) can’t wait for more!
Could have just used "'Macaroni' - A Recipe from 1784"
Yay! Sola!!!
The 1800s would be the 19th century.  I know, it's a bit confusing, but it makes sense if you think that the first century was 0-99, second century was 100-199 etc.
So happy to see Sohla on the screen again, and with Babish no less! Awesome times ahead
Production value is going way way WAY up.  Inb4 Babish meets the same fate as Bon Appetit.
NUTMEG NUTMEG NUTMEG
Fuck yeah Babish! Amazing addition and growth to the Babish universe!
oh my god it's so good to see a show with sohla again;;
Sohla!
I absolutely love this!!!! They really did go wild with butter and cheese bc they were fearless af.  If anyone is curious, English Heritage has a really good recipe from the Victorian Era called MACARONI CHEESE and its litty. :)
FINALLY THANK YOU!!! 😱😱😱  I NEEDED THIS SOHLA CONTENT!!
This is amazing. I can't wait for the next episode. Well done, Sohla & Andrew.
Sohla ❤️
I don't think Sohla can be stumped, maybe 'Sohla's laboratory' or 'experiment with Sohla' ? She's so accomplished and knowledgeable. Babish great thinkin to open up your chanel, subscribed as soon as I found out Sohla was working with your team. Great idea
Sorry, I'm done. It was a good five-year run. Commercialism has, as is its wont, taken a heavy toll.
Good. Good.
Bon Appetit: goes down in flames Babish: this niche empty, YEET
Wait whaaaaa who is BABISH CULINARY UNIVERSE
Yeaaaah Solah!!!!! Love love love you! Babish ! You are amazing
I recently stopped watching TV because I just felt weird watching people act so unnaturally and talking in such a mannered way. This is like, the exact thing I really needed in my life. Not scripted, awkward, real people the way they actually act. This is just so perfect.
i'll just be over here, singing "ooh baby i love my cheese" forever.  fantastic, loved it, can't wait for more!
Glad Sohla landed somewhere nice! Great to see her inclusion anywhere. Also Babish is now a symbol instead of just a person, just like batman.
What's the music towards the end?
Hey, this is amazing. Glad that everything is working out so good for you!
Me, waiting desperately for the next Sohla episode: "This looks like an authentic 18th century torture device"
Not a big fan of the new channel name because it’s not as catchy, but I do enjoy this new show!
YAYYYYYYAAAAAYYY
Can you make the cheese doodles from Jimmy neutron
I love Sohla. So glad to have her back in my life. That sounds weird.
Welcome to BCU Dora!
9:34
Sloppy Joe's from Billy madison
Given the racist bullshit that was allowed to take place on the set of BA and Condé Nast as a whole, I am very very very proud that you're doing this Babish. As a person of color, this means a lot.
So happy to see Sohla getting the recognition she deserves! Looking forward to seeing more of her ❤️
Sohla RUINED Bon Appetite, careful Babi, she's a wild one.
Sohla just seems so so NICE (as well as talented and entertaining) I loved this, looking forward to more
BCU AD on BCU Video
This is really awesome! I'm glad to see the channel open up! Sohla totally deserves her own show and I'm so glad it's home is on BCU
Late 18th century DID have corduroy. (Around 1774) so, sohla isn’t THAT off
The tiny whisk coat pocket " handkerchief" omggggggg love it
wait, mr robot ... episode of babish
I will inject this directly into my eyeballs entry week.
sohla gets the recognition she deserves. im so happy for her
Kinda bummed the wheel didn’t land on make it sad
i am soo happy for you Sohla. I love her and i cant wait to see more content with her.  I am sooo Excited xxxxxx
Y’all think andrew smashed?
Between this and boxmac Ive been prompted to eat far too much macaroni this week.
...I got a Binging with Babish Hidden Valley Ranch ad in the middle of a Babish video, what is this
Im not sure i can handle seeing all of babish
Sohla sitting in front of a fire telling me about something I've never even thought of just seems so Right to me
This show gets a 10/10 from me.  This is so fun.
4:30 that's some wap
OMG Sohla!!!
Here for SOHLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!
First of all: I'm so happy Sohla can finally get the recognition she deserves! Also: there's a German dish called 'Käsespätzle' (cheese spaetzle). It's pretty similar to this and traditionally sold on Christmas markets.
“The wheel has COVID” - how you know it’s a 2020 video
Ok I love the new name but can he still say “welcome to binging with banish” for the main show with random recipes? (Y’all know what I mean)
He changed his name
I didn't even notice the name change, but this video was awesome.
she finally got her own show, so happy for her!
i bet she cooked Boots.
honestly going to make this, i whole grind einkorn for all my bechamel(and bread), never thought to make mac and cheese from it
YESSSSSSS
"Back then they died young. They just ate however much cheese they wanted and then they died" I haven't ever said this before, but... I was born in the wrong generation.
sohlaaaaaaaaaaa
Ohhh... This looks like a fun new series
Very glad to be watching Sohla again.
My phone literally threw itself! I'm so excited for the both of you!!!!!
Yay sohla!  Is Brad coming too?!?!?!? 😍 please
I AM SO EXCITED ABOUT THIS!!  And I’m guessing sohla is actually getting payed now too.
This show just got 100% better! That's a total of 200%!
I would subscribe again, if I wasn't already subscribed
"gruyere from a basket" omfg xD
All my homies hate Conde Nast
This is the absolute BEST!!!!!
Who's been here since the channel was named Andrew Rea
Can't wait to see what comes out of the Babish Cinematic Universe
So excited for this!!! A bright spot for a crazy crappy year.
Your ranch ad played before the video!!
SOHLA HYYYYYPE!!!!  Congratulations to you all! also to a much lesser extent, "Tiny whisk in Babish's pocket hype"
This makes me so happy.
Check out the channel: Townsends.
I am so happy to finalyl see some more of Sohla! She is so kind, sweet and a wholesome personality i miss seeing !
Keep this GOING! Sohla is great and very funny
Funniest thing is they definitely had matches in the 18th century, they weren't the same as modern matches but they definitely existed
So so so happy to see Sohla! She is so talented and so funny!
Man Sohla is so cool!!!
this is everything i could've hoped for and more!!!!! can't wait to see what's next :~))
that was good for my mental health
Fuck yes I love both of you and I'm so glad this is a thing!
yessssssss
She has to be fake struggling when picking up that skillet because she looks ripped.
Love you Sohla and team Babish! Looking forward to seeing more Sohla content again.
Yessssss! So excited for more episodes!
oh hey i know her
A 15th century Italian chef named Martino de Rossi wrote a cookbook called "Libro de Arte Coquinaria" which included a recipe for Maccaroni Romaneschi; a pasta cooked in water, drained, and then butter, cheese, and spices added. Pretty much the earliest reference for what could easily be called macaroni and cheese and the recipe really hasn't changed all that much in 500 years.
Love Sohla!!! Yea!!
It took me 9 minutes to realize that she’s making Käsespätzle. My favorite food as a child.
I don't know if I missed the memo and I know she's been on this channel before but I'm so excited to see Sohla in action on YouTube again!
Binging with babish was such a good name though
Absolutely love the production quality Babish keep up the great work!
This is how a YouTuber evolves his channel.  I've seen it done in the past and it usually kills the channel.  I don't see it with this. I see this thriving! You go Andrew!
YESSSSSSS
Omg. This is the beginning of an empire...
From the ashes of BA, BCU arises! So glad Sohla gets to stretch her cooking chops here, and (hopefully) get the pay and respect she deserves!
Best thing ever
Oh my I hopped on the bandwagon at 200k, when he said “thanks for supporting me over the past 5 years” I just realized that I don’t even remember most of what happened in the past 5 years
I didn't like it. I'm going to unsubscribe.
Whoop sohla is amazing
So dorky. I loved every second!! Can’t wait to see more 😊
Yay sola! I miss everyone from BA T_T
*me actually clapping my hands when instructed to cheer her on*
This is fun! I liked this.
This was amazing!!! I can’t wait for more episodes!
As a german i never knew Spätzle Was an English Word or known in American / british English and it sounds weird hearing it say it like that :D Btw love the concept
This is just great from babish....massive respect to you sir..!!
i was very confused when you changed your channel name
18th century Mac? Somebody get Townsends and Tasting History on the line!
Welcome to the Babish family, Stump Sohla!!!! <3
How does it feel to be sponsored by Hidden valley ranch?
so glad to see more of sohla on babish! i just want a loop of her trying to get the lid off the milk tbh
Looks like if we keep going 18th Century with all the cast iron, hauling wood and stuff then this show is going to become "Getting JACKED with Sohla" and the final episode is going to be Sohla pinning Babish to ground with one arm.  Thus begins the Sohla Culinary Universe, now featuring her new show "Binging with My Bitch Babish."  Unless Babish keeps up with his quest to cosplay Kratos with a body type to match.  Then this show just becomes an epic kaiju fight between Sohla and Babish!  The natural evolution of all cooking shows.
I got a commercial with Andrew in it before this video...it was for ranch...i hate ranch dressing
Just saw a Babish ad, LETS GOO
I gotta say she is amazing, what an awesome personality that seems to fit just perfect into this new BCU can't wait to see more!
I love this idea!! So excited see more!
I’m so happy you’re doing this, Sohla 100% deserves it!
I found this channel right when Babish put out his video on the Rick and Morty Szechuan Sauce video and I'm so happy of how far This channel has come since then. Welcome, Sohla! We're happy to have you!
Learnt more watching this than drunk history
YES KING AND QUEEN!!!
Bison milk
Sohla is a natural star. Good choice Babish! Can't wait to watch more.
I don't feel like you nailed the tone of the beginning segment with you in the suit. It felt more awkward than funny.  Rest of the video was great though!
Of course! Käsespätzle! It's a traditional German dish that is still served in many traditional restaurants today. And it really is just Spätzle and a ton of cheese
SOHLA!!!!! I'm so excited for this series!
i love seeing sohla happy and killing it!
Aw yeah Babbie's poaching the BA test kitchen. Please tell me Brad's not a secret racist.
did they also have cameras in the 18th century
Sohla on her own- great. Sohla with Babby - not as great. The chemistry isn't there and I don't know why
She has to be my least favorite person from BA
When I was a kid, I would start little fires in these holes I used to dig...🤣
I need the BCU to slowly but surely absorb the whole BA squad
Fantastic first edition to the BCU 😍😍
Welcome Sohla! Excited to see you!!!!!
“Hey welcome to 18th century cooking”
babish is so hot omg
Hooray Sohla!
Fantastic first episode, can't wait to see more! Great job!
5:07 - and that is why you NEVER start a fire directly on the surface of a cliff or mountain. Heat will crack any rock, no matter the size of it.
Y E S
So does this mean that I can't say anymore that I like to binge binging with babish while I binge some binging stuff?
woahwoahwoahwoah hold up the channel name edit: oh.
Sohla!!!! ♥️♥️♥️♥️
I need a follow up with Sohla and Michael Twitty. 😭😍
Noooooooooooo
That camera quality is omg it's looks so professional 🤩
Comment for the algorithm because sohla deserves it.
Very excited for this! I would recommend including the “bloopers” throughout the video to make it a little more casual!
I thought this was a townsends video when I saw this lol
Käsespätzle is still a very popular food in Austria
I subscribed for Sohla ♥️♥️♥️
Subscribed
Does it mean I can see Sohla cooking for more? Ohmygod yesss
💓💓💓💓💓 i absolutely am here for, and love this.
They didn't have ovens and stoves in 17th-century kitchens? Denim? I...This... SO much homework not done...
Thanks for giving her a platform
Perfect
Its friday🙂
Very nice video but I'm still loving the fact I have those exact same welding gloves.
This makes me so happy!!!
It is. So weird to see Andrew in like. Ripped denim shorts when I'm so used to not seeing the man's legs
Just commenting to increase your engagement metrics because I love Sohla and I wanna see more.
Trying to make fire with fire is easier
I have no perspective about the Bon' Apatite show but she seems like a lot of fun, looking forward to seeing more from her!
BA really nuked their whole channel just to avoid paying this incredible woman. Now she and Babby are gonna make some money together.
why would binging but what
Personally not a fan of the cliché big show setup (the voice, the pretend microphone, the guest pretending to be confused, etc), but again, that’s just how I feel. Congrats on this new adventure!
Anyone else getting BWB's ranch ad on his video?
I cannot wait for Bump Brad
The open flame and smoke would be so good. I can't imagine this being bad.
Honestly I'm glad that after the high concept carbonara Sohla made on The Channel That Shall Not Be Made that SOMEONE has finally given Sohla a show where they just go "Make this dish within these completely arbitrary restrictions. Go." Because honestly that's the content she thrives in.
Loooooooved this new show! Thank you all for creating this and can't wait for more. :)
Shoulda called Townsends
So it's a mac and cheese in an 18th century hunter's cabin......? Nah, there's no concrete in the woods, can't be it.
YESSS BABISH!!! We love sohla!!! She deserves to have her segment to express her mass amount of creativity and knowledge!! Fuck yeah !!
I’ve decided it is time to subscribe.
I just love Sohla is all.
It's Spätzle, not Spaetzel.  Pronounced sh as in shush p as in the sound the letter p makes ea as in bear tz as in klutz le as in literally no english words because somehow battle is pronounced as battel. Just imagine English made sense and you would speak the letters in the same order they are written.
I MISSED HER SO MUCH
Why is she so awkward? She didn't say thank you even once. Rude
cement
Sohla?  Like first, then watch
Banish: 18th century mac and cheese! Get into it! Me: Like spaetzle with cheese? Sohla: So I'm going to make spaetzle... Me: 🤤
*babish in a hidden valley ranch commercial before the vid start*   Me: *scream and jumping from happiness*
This is so so good!! Keep doing what you are doing.
Love this!! So happy to see Sohla again :)
Is this a cross over?  No, it’s a whole new goddamn universe.
FUCKIN EXCITED ABOUT THIS ✨
How you gonna call this "18th Century..." and not have John Townsend in it?
BABISH BETTER BE GIVIN SOHLA THE DOUGH SOHLA DESERVES.
This is great, I'm so happy to see this new direction and getting Sohla on board is amazing!!!
The production value of Babby's videos really did a 0-100 in the span of a single episode
Now I just want footage of Babbish with an eyepatch and a trench coat recruiting youtube chefs after the credits roll.
Sohla x Townsends when?
I"m so happy this was made.
This is an incredible get, congratulations!
rip Binging with Babish :/
can't wait to see what sohla does with prompts like "make it sad :(" and "make it scary!" lmao
so, uhm, she just made Käsespätzle?
It's great to see Sohla again!
Why did you change your name binging with babish was better
I give it a week before we see Claire doing her gourmet series with babs instead
Babish + Sohla!?! *hyperventilating*
Can I just say, I love the classical in the background! What’s it called again? Four seasons?
i believe the germans call this dish  käse spätzle , its a specialty in southern germany
i hit “subscribe” while crying. YAY SOHLAAAA!!!!
I get all the comparisons with Townsends but the format of this is totally different. Whereas on Townsends an actual published recipe is followed, it seemed like here Sohla is figuring out how she'd make a dish with (mostly) 18th Century ingredients and cooking methods. Being that this is not a historical cuisine demonstration, any cheats she might have done are okay by me!
I miss Sohla!! 😭
Where all my cottagecore bitches at
“People just ate all of the cheese they wanted to eat and then died.”  This is how I live my life.
YAAAS SOHLA
Babish adopted an Oompa Loompa 😅😂
This was amazing, never stop this series!
Hamming it up with Babish!
You stole Dora!!!
They had stoves in the 18th century....
Love the new channel name and all the potential! And- more Sohla please! She's great!
2:55 when you have 99 in cooking but forgot to level firemaking
I miss Binging With Babish :(
I've been a fan of both of you in the kitchen for years and I'm so unbelievably happy for you guys! Can't wait to see what you cook up  next 😊 @sohlae @bingingwithbabish
Hey man love your work but I dont like the new channel name man sorry
No nutmeg?
This is the first time I wish I could give a video more than one like. My two favorite chefs are working together 😍
I love Sohla!!
Käsespätzle!! :D
I love Sohla and everything she did with BA. I’m very excited she has a vehicle all her own. I like this format in theory, but in practice it falls flat and I don’t think it showcases the depth and breadth of her knowledge. It feels pandering and half-baked. That said, any time with her is a blessing and I look forward to her finding steadier footing in the food entertainment realm.
It's too bad he could only afford the person from BA with the least enjoyable personality.
YESSSSSSSSSSSS I'M SO PROUD OF SOHLA
Im so happy to see Sohla flourishing <3
❤
So, is Babish just gonna hire all the Bon Appetit Test Kitchen chefs & bring them to his channel?? Bc if so I'm 100% here for it!
live seeing you in plain shirt baby.  ver fun episode too
YESSSSSSS, 👍👏👏👏
Hard dislike. Change your channel name back, this one is awful. Never liked Sohla on BA or otherwise. Stay out of Townsends territory.
Bon appetit more like Bon obsolete...
You should do a taco kit upgrade.
looks like what me gaffa puts on before the tiles
Americans be like: uuhhh so 18th century, like ancient fo real  ...Thats how my german grandma still makes Spätzle you assholes
I thought this was Townsends for a second.
Is hunzi doing the editing ?!!
Loved it !
I could watch Sohla make up recipes that no one else would cook for hours
You are a true gentleman Babbish Deborah Atkins 👍
Finally, someone made something awesome happen this year! Congratulations on your new ventures, both of you 👏 👏
This is the best thing I've seen in weeks
Dora the explorer lookin ass
We love Sohla!!!
Andrew rocking the cutoffs.  I knew he was a nevernude.
Yes. Just yes.
just providing my honest feedback since this is a new thing you're doing. The ultra casual, "I wasn't prepared" vibe doesn't do it for me. it felt like a joke kinda. reminded me of some of the bon appetit stuff where people just seemed disinterested in the food and topic. yall are both great chefs obviously, but thats how I felt watching this. keep up the good work.
BCU huh, hmmmmm could it be better than the MCU 🤔🧐
Loving it my friends.
Claire would have struggled with this for three days
Wouldn't it be a little stale if it was that old?
They should have had Max Miller as a consultant for this episode.
Okay, I wasn't sure at first, but this is amazing. Especially the little whisks in Andy's suit pocket. The attention to detail is next level.
Sohla, Lighters were around in the 18th century  Love, Some random kid on the internet that you will never know.
5:07 The fire's shooting at us!
Im so glad to see Sohla get all the love and respect that she deserves with  finally a show staring her
You guys should do battles like this both competing to see who could do it better or something.
I love her and I'm so glad she went somewhere better for her!
HOW HAS IT ALREADY BEEN 5 YEARS?!?!?!
So glad to see more Sohla content. The BCU hype is real
Bob Babish is my new favorite Babish.
I’m sorry to be out of the loop but may someone explain the new channel name? I do not dislike it at all however I would enjoy the context besides the brief summary Babish gave us
Why the new name change? Now I can’t binge without feeling bad
Gets binging with Babbish add while watching binging with Babbish
An,fhhdjkadkfa FINALLY SOHLA GETS HER OWN SHOW
I really thought this was a going to be a Townsend and son video
HIRE BRAD!!!!
Lets get this trending
King shit only
I’m so glad she’s still videos! Hope you taking better care of her than her last employer 😡
More Sohla! I'm pretty exited for this series.
"Binging with Babish" you will be missed 😭
Im all for this 🤗🤗🤩🤩
Someone get those Townsends folks in here
Hidden valley ranch commercial with binging with banish in it on his own video this is marketing at its finest now I want ranch food
i love this im happy to see sohla join babish :D
I see Sohla. I click subscribe.
This is amazing! Sohla was one of my favorite BA cast members, so glad to see her on a platform that will respect her and her amazing talents! YAY!!!
Yeah, Sohla makes Spätzle with a board, like you traditionally do and not with a press. My grandma likes her for that.
This is kinda train wreck, I love it. Especially when the concrete exploded lmao
So Binging With Babish is no more? Okay :(
2020 being what it is I'd say we definitely deserve this new series! Thanks Babi and Sohla!!! ❤️❤️❤️
Sohla you wonderful cupcake, I'm so excited to watch you cook weird stuff
1:10 has the quickest costume change I've ever seen. Very speedy Babish.
Sohla finally got her own series!!
Botanist ad was best part no cap
Give us Claire/Brad/Rick/Molly/Gaby, get in touch with Hawa Hassan, WE NEED YOU
Can you make the Mississippi queen from regular show
fire pit is burning so fine, then boom. the concrete
Yo did he seriously just rename his channel to promote a series
How do you get a fire pit to explode?
Does Sohla really need a gimmick though? I'd love to watch a show about her just doing her thing in the kitchen.
While I do appreciate Sohla as a chef... some of the fairly recent happenings (all I am gonna say is BA) have soured my general demeanor towards her. I understand some things needed to be said, but I admit, in a very subjective manner, I am not that much of a fan of her. I am prepared for the flak I am about to get, if anyone reads the comment. And no, this is not a rasial thing, it is just that I kinda miss all of the other guys. I have seen more of her in the past months than any of the others. and that I feel is a bit of a shame. That is all.   PS: if you do read this, please understand this is a subjective point of view.
After a quick googlin' corduroy was apparently made in the 18th century.  So it would have been totally appropriate.
Ngl, I'm really gonna miss the older channel name
A moment of silence for the fuckin journey of the name Binging with Babish. What a ride. RIP
I'm so happy to see this!!
Yay, Sohla!
back then they died young.... I love you
"I'm going to use a lot of cheese, because they died young." Auto thumbs up.
Welcome aboard new members of the Babish family! "They ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died"- My kinda life She looks like me trying to cook; "I have no idea what I'm doing, I'm sure it's fine" ya know? gkdjfng
Babish you are an inspiration
I got a hidden valley babish ad before the babish video
i wonder when Sohla will start her own channel..
i like the collab but i really dont like the new name
Wow the name change tho
Is Sohla a permanent part of the show now?
Love Sohla!!! So glad you've found a way to showcase her talent!!
I wish the wheel  good health, get better soon!!!
Her forearms are mean looking
love u
Wow, a new era.
this is quite different, but I think I can get used to it. It was pretty nice.
This is the only good thing about 2020
Leckere Kasspätzle. :)
I think in Hannah Glasse's book she mentioned vermicelli so maybe that would have been the pasta base for mac and cheese...though it was probably more alfredo sauce than cheese sauce back then.
SOHLA OMG YES!!!!!!
Game show host yes yes yes!
SOHLA IS A REGULAR!!!!!!
😘😘😘
Not gonna lie, I was expecting something like JA townsend's cooking episodes. Was a little let down by the fact it wasn't.
subbed for Sohla instantly
Love you baby
"i've got a couple rocks and i feel like if i hit them together, something will happen."
Can’t wait for the “make it sad” option. Sohla is the best possible start to the BCU.
So happy to see more of Sohla on this channel!
I wish you were my BF
Awesome new show, loved to se Sohla doing ok, waiting to se more episodes!
Babish cinematic universe
Oh my god, Andrew! You hired Sohla. I was just talking the other day about how I hoped she landed on her feet after BA.
I am so excited Woo!
Great channel idea
Damn he making them power moves
YAYYY I LOVE HERRRRRRRR TEAM SOHLA
I don't know what I'm now excited about. The cool name change, a new cooking show, or the fact that Sohla has landed in a new home on YouTube.
I love the expansion of the channel.
Just got a ranch dressing commercial with u in it lmao
this feels like spiderman appearing in civil war
Bon Appétit punching air rn
Yaaay! Fuck bon appetit! I'm so excited to see Sohla!
They should date no weird shit
I love Sohla and i'm glad you guys made this new show  :D
Sohla is completely unrecognisable in the BCU 💜 I'm so happy for her!
Can you pleaser bring brad????
Babish you should hire all of the former Bon Appetit staff, do unique segments with all of them, and become the king of YT food channels.  AT THE VERY LEAST GET VINNY AND BRAD ON!
Very interesting and entertaining Babish. Job well done to you Sir.
I feel like 18th century version would probably be cooked in a Dutch oven, but maybe I’m overthinking it.
Honestly thought I clicked on a Townsend video. It was not.
1:43 yes because it was in France and it was one of Thomas Jefferson’s favorite foods
BCU ❤️❤️❤️❤️.
That was awesome :) hahaha
I love her so much! and she deserves only good things in life! BA totally fucked her over and I'm so happy for her!
It's really cool to see how far this channel has come in five years, I remember sitting on the bus in highschool and hearing "Oh baby I hear the blues a callin'! Tossed salads and scrambled eggs!"
Loving this idea. Very much looking forward to seeing Sohla back in her element.
Every time I open up youtube to watch babish I always get the ad of him sponsoring hidden valley Ranch
CHANGE THE NAME BACK. PLEASE
"They ate all the cheese they wanted to eat then died." That's such a mood
Please make Madelines Strawberry Pie from Celeste it would be so cool
CAN WE HAVE BRAD NEXT PLS, I MISS ITS ALIVE SO MUCH
yeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSS
Omg the name changed
RELEASE THE OUTTAKES! DO OUTTAKE! UPVOTE!  ...sorry im excited.
Yay im so glad i can still see sohla's amazing cooking and with another of my favourite cooking youtubers!! This really has brightened my day ❤❤❤
in Germany we call it "Käsespätzle" and i thinks thats a wonderful thing
I can feel the production quality increasing everytime I watch
omggg it’s so amazing to see sohla somewhere her talents are actually being appreciated
I'm curious and terrified what "Make it sad" entails...  "Alright.  Your task is to make some homemade Mac and cheese but first you need to strangle each of these puppies!"
Is it just me or does she look like the grown up version of Dora the explorer?
Initially I wasn't the biggest fan of the name change, but that was actually really entertaining
I love Sohla, I'm so glad you two are able to work together!
we have no chance but to stan babish tbh doing what ba refused to do bless
Just got a botanist ad with Babish in it before the video lol
WOOOOOO
Heck BA all my homies hate BA
I'm so glad Sohla has her own show that appreciates her immense talents. BA can suck it
Concrete exploding from heat at the bottom of a firepit???   Sounds to me like a contractor should be sued.
I LOVE THIS!!!!
Subbed for Sohla.
Babish is Nick Fury. Got it.
She looks so happy :)
For a moment i thought babish started a new channel i didnt know about and somehow i got the notification for a new video
Subscribed.
Seeing Sola here makes me so happy😊
this video will save 2020
I really really needed this. I love to see such pure and genuine people come together to create quality content. I am excited to see who Babish will bring onto the team and know that this channel will be morally sound <3
PURRRRRRRR SOHLA YESSSSSSSSSS
I’m so fucking stocked for this show. Babish you’re the man!!!!
LOVE IT. That is all.
I like how I got a hidden valley ranch ad with babish in it before this video
I think, I’m gonna use a LOT of cheese, because back there they die young.  Oh our dark queen!
The channel just keeps getting better and better! Love Babish and love Sohla! You guys rock so much I'm crying!
Sohla!!!! ❤️
I disliked three video at first because of the shitty intro. After finishing it, it actually cheered me up! Well done you guys. I hope your new format works out!
sohla is a god damn national hero
Sohla is a superstar. Keep spinning for astronaut food!
Get brad and Claire too
This  makes Andrew the Iron Man of the BCU
That sauce is so thick I'd be scared to choke on it
If my grandma saw this video she’d go on a tangent on how bad the dough was 😂
I love everything about this. The game show vibe is stellar as well.
HELL YES
Andrew looks like a classy Johnny sins
i love this .
Solah?! We watch always
OH MY GOD. BEST NEWS EVER!!!!!
Because of Sohla in this video, I am now subscribed to this channel now.
cool
home wrecker
Yessssssss
LIVING FOR THIS
She looks like a grown up Dora the explorer.
I love you babby. So much
Waaaaitttt are you telling me that my favourite  Ex-BA chef is from now on regularly making videos on this already magnificent channel?? Seriously? Babish I could kiss you for that.
We are so excited. Thank you for giving us exactly what we wanted!!
John Townsend will like to have a word with you..  Anyways. Hope to see more of Stump Sohla
That sky blue jacket.......Andrew's pimp hand is growing stronger by the day.
Sohla! WOOOOOOO!
Sohlas first episode and we already need a shirt of her cheese quote.
Welcome, Sohla! I feel like she fits in very well and compliments the Babish brand, Binging brand? Anyways :) very happy for all involved.
This is everything I want!! 👏🏼 I cannot wait for the next video
"People just ate all the cheese the wanted to eat and then they died."  Goals.
What a fucking legend. Both.
How is anyone this inept
This was wonderful! I am so glad Sohla found a better place where she can be fully appreciated for all her talents and her sense of humor.
Sohla looks like hardcore Dora the explorer
Get bent BA, sohla is a wonderful addition.
BA now stands for Babish Annex
Sohla was my favourite personality from Bon Appetit. So glad that she's found a home here :)   Go Sohla! Go Babish! :D
Does anyone find that Babish and Sohla have like, really good on-camera chemistry? Really glad this is a thing now.
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted and then just died"  for us lactose intolerant people this is just an everyday occurrence
You honestly just Tony Starked the entirety of food YouTube and I love it! I was prepared for solo Sohla but this is so much better!
18th century? It needs nutmeg
Welcome Sohla <3
watching this again because i love to see sohla happy
so happy Sohla is in a safe work atmosphere
Babish has the entertainment value of Alton Brown.
Yay sohla!  In so happy!
Did anyone else feel extremely uncomfortable upon seeing Babish outside AND without glasses?
Oh hey, look, Sohla is back for a cameo! <watches first 10 seconds> SOHLA IS BACK FOR HER OWN SHOW?!
YESSSSSSSS IM SO HAPPY
*laughs in Townsend*
Sohla is like the grown up version of Dora the explorer
Instant favorite.
This is the best thing that has ever happened to me in my entire life. Thank you Sonal for your presence
this was wonderful, glad to see Sohla back on youtube. :D
SOHLA
So happy to see Sohla here!!!
Love it
Wonderful, thank you.
Shouldve consulted @townsends
ANNA WINTOUR IS QUAKINGGGGG
Hahaha omg this is fun! Love the wheel
Got a Babish advertisement on this Babish video. Nice
I'm so damn happy you two are working together!  Love you Sohla!
Yay this makes me so happy! I love Sohla! ❤️
Love that Andrew is giving Sohla her well deserved platform!
So excited to see Sohla as a part of the BCU!  Can't wait to see the amazing things y'all are going to do together.
It is so refreshing to watch sohla cook again I absolutely  love her!
This shows existence is throwing so much shade at Bon Apatite that clouds manifested over the Test Kitchen
THE CROSSOVER I DIDN'T KNOW I WANTED 😭😭
YES SOHLA! This is so amazing!
I'm so psyched for how this channel is expanding!!! Yay!!
WE NEED BRAD
This was actually really cool
So excited for this!!!!
YESSSS
YES YOU BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE THIS IS WHAT WEVE BEEN WAITING FOR
I am actually screaming im so happy SKDHKS hs THANK YOU BABISH
Come on guys, where are the close ups with you pulling on the cheese. Give me close up shot!!
Just invite Townsend. I'm sure he has one cookbook that gives a very obscure recipe of Mac & Cheese.
I am 100% down for all the people who left BA to come get their own shows on Babish's channel!
The perfect pairing we all needed
well it's Sohla so i guess i'll have to subscribe 💖
here for sohla
I'm so far out of the BA loop here, but what's going on over there? P.S. Babish needs Brad, we need Babish to need Brad...
I want to hear more about young Sohla. She sounds delightful!
This is clever .. I like this lol
This girl is putting the "Explorer" in Dora
"they just eat all the cheese they want and they die"
I OMG I LOVE SOHLA SO MUCH IVE MISSED HER AND AM VERY GLAD SHES BACK OML
SOHLA!!! WE LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!! WE'RE HAPPY YOU'RE BACK!!!
I can hardly wait to see the 22nd Century version.  Enjoyed this new show, format, universe.
👍
Winning!
Food YouTube is the best YouTube community
Ok OK my initial giddiness that Sohla is on is over. This was a great start to a series. Sohla I hope you are happy in the BCU and I can not wait to see what else comes from this.
yaaaaaay!!! always love more sohla
would really love to see the research process too! get that coin sohla!
... he has is own commerciall
We love Sohla!
Can we get Townsends to chime in on how Sohla did?
Fuck yes Babish, putting yourself on the right side of history. Big props.
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died." Sohla is indeed a wonderful addition to this channel!
I liked the name  Binging with Babish :(
There must’ve been some water trapped in the concrete and the fire caused it to expand and explode. It usually happens if you haven’t cured your fire pit with a really high heat the first time you use it. It’s unlikely it will explode again after all the pressure was released in this video
SOHLAAAAAAAAAAAA ; O ;)/ 💖💖💖
So cute!
I have a feeling I'm going to love this. Babish as the kind of home cook who we learn alongside, and then adding Sohla with all her expertise to mix it up and give that perspective is going to be really great.
You should have called Townsends to help you out with this.
So happy they teamed up
I'm subscribing... . . . . Bring us Brad!
i wish i could like this 10000 times
2:10 that sigh omg
Please do the Broodwich from Aqua teen hunger force.
My guy making moves
Well, this channel is 10x better now with Sohla in it.
Sohla is awesome. What an excellent video.   I look forward to the BCU growing to the point where it overtakes BA. BA deserves to fade into obscurity for how they treat their employees.  Edit: God's that looks DELICIOUS. Sohla, you are a treasure that BA squandered foolishly. Glad to have you here.
I thought it was a Townsends video when I clicked
Omg I've missed sohla!!
Sohla is bae
Just subscribed. Loved you before but Sohla coming onto the team convinced me!!
YESSS I'M SO HECKIN HAPPY YAY!!!!!!!! SO HAPPY FOR SOHLA TO GET HER OWN SHOW HERE!
"they basically just ate cheese until they died" I mean, that sounds like my life too
LOVE This
I have a request can you do the Bay bread from Beyblade burst rice pretty please
love this
Sohla!
Yes!! Sohla is a treasure. So excited for this series and to see Sohla getting the screen time and hopefully financial compensation that she deserves!!
A new name for the channel AND Sohla? Everyone liked that! The BCU is the best universe around
I love Sohla so much but also I hope Townsends does a reaction video to this
How you gonna do 18th century cooking and not collab with Townsends????
dora is all grown up awwww
Eww man, cringe.
YESSSSSSsSSS
Go Babish!
I saw Sohla cook. This has been a good day! Thank you Babish!!!
WE LOVE SOHLAAAAAAA
AMAZING CONGRATS SOHLA
Townsend & Sons would like a word with you...
Lightweight this sucks
Sohla!!!!!!
Well this is amazing. I'm so here for Sohla being in the BCU!
i love this
YES
I can tell I’m gonna love this series 😂
Welcome Sohla
“People back then ate all the cheese they wanted and then died” that’s the life
Yesssss, I Love Sohla! I can't wait to see more of her genius here!!
I like this but don’t change your style, it feels too fake
Loved this! My only thought... which you do not even have to listen to... can we see more? I felt like the camera was too far away or something. I want to get right in there and see close ups! Oh, Just thought maybe the fire kept that from happening 🧐.
I loved this. Shes wonderful!!
BABISH WHAT IS THIS NAME CHANGE DID THIS HAPPEN LITERALLY TODAY WHAT BABISH STOP
Sohla, the angel of food is in a better place now.
FKN RIGHT
HMM. YOUR NAME IS NOT BABISH? ..HM
YES SOHLA OMG!!!!!!!!
Love the concept of this show and that mac and cheese looked delicious! For an 18th century dish, I was disappointed at the lack of nutmeg though :P
Ooooh baby I love my cheese...
This is absolutely amazing! I missed Sohla’s personality for too long 😢
obsessed w this!!!!!
she won
Townsends&Sons is typing...
Okay, I'm really sorry to be saying this, because I love Sohla, but as a southern German person this video feels really weird.
so awesome 🤍
andrew using a rifle mic as a hand mic is killing me a little
Sohla you were missed!!!!!!
The camera man screaming “whoa” I’m dead
I'm not ashamed to say that i squealed when i saw this video in my suggestions
Back in the BA days all I wanted was for sohla to have a show where she gets challenged with weird stuff to make great food out of it. And now we got it but at a channel where she (hopefully) gets the respect and pay that she deserves. I’m so happy 🥰
I never thought Sohla would perform my favorite Frampton cover
THIS IS EVERYTHING!!! YESSS! FULL SUPPORT!
Instant subscribe
Sohla: people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died Me, crying: I missed you so much
Wow so great to see Sohla back! This was a great video, you guys could consider a collab with Townsends. That would be wild.
whats happening with the other ba test kitchen people?
"18th Century Mac and Cheese" Me: Townsends! ... Me: wtf? BABISH?
you gotta get together with Townsend dude youd make a great colab
Absorb the ba test kitchen like a fucking malicious growth you magnificent bastards
The german sp like in the word Spätzle is pronounced like an englich sh + p, shpätzle ;)
For an actual 18th C. recipe check out William Verral's 1759 cookbook A Cook's Paradise page 119. See end of first recipe for description of what "macaroons" are as they not the sweet French cookie.
Spaetzle is really fun and easy to make, I made some for German class in high school. You can make the batter and squeeze it out of a potato ricer into a pot of boiling water and the noodles cook in about 30 seconds.
A lot of the commenters are familiar with Sohla, but this is the first time I've ever seen her haha. At first I was a little nervous about there being someone new, but after watching the video I can say that I'm excited to see more of Sohla!
I love it omg, keep thriving
This episode needs a crossover with 'Townsends and son'. And Nutmeg.
I thought this was a Townsends video for a hot second then I realized Sohla is joining Babish and I'm so stoked. Needs nutmeg tho.
wait this is awesome and extremely sweet!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sohla!!!!
YAAAASS Welcome Sohla!!
Woot! Sohla!
Please don't have this affect traditional binging with babish.
I think I know what I am doing for my birthday dinner now
Please make the Broodwich from Aqua Teen Hunger Force
Love this. I want to comment so the metrics give you a reason to make more
YEAH!!!!!!! Sohla and Babish - awesome awesome awesome!!!
Käsespätzle with Bechamel... very interesting and really works for 18th century Mac & Cheese :) Welcome to the not dark side Sohla ;)
I don’t watch Babish religiously, but I would always watch videos with Sohla, she has such a great combination of knowledge and can-do (mildly arsonist) spirit
PEWDIEPIE MIC!!!! PEWDIEPIE MIICCC!!!!!!!!
thank you, we loves it. more please. maybe a bit longer?
I'm so glad to see Sohla again
SOHLA YAAAAS
RIP Binging with Babish, hello BCU.
Challenge: 18th century style Everyone: Oh, so basically like today, but without electricity. Americans: DID THEY EVEN HAVE COW'S MILK IN YE OLDEN *MEDIEVAL* TIMES???
YAAASSSS this duo is amazing. i love sohla and she totally deserves all the great attention she's been getting :')
We love Sohla!!
Keep her, Sohla is gold! :)
From New York, the Babish Culinary Universe presents...Stump Sohla. Featuring the internet's most talented chefs, Sohla El-Waylly. And now, heeeeere's Andrew.
Hell yeah girl taken down the establishment and getting your own show in the process!
If this gonna be a regular thing, imma head out. Just wanted the Babish stuff.
You GOTTA cover the firepit, or rainwater gets into the cracks and flash evaporates when the fire is going at its hottest, effectively creating an explosion. Believe me, I build furnaces for fun.
There’s literally and 18th century Mac and cheese video on YouTube already
“the wheel has covid?? topical.” I FUCKIN SCREAMED LMFAO
Yay Sohla!!!!!
Who else got a Babish Ad at the beginning and at the end of the video? Lol
When I watch babish videos I feel like he controls everything. I click on the video, Opening ad; Babish advertising for the botanist. Mid roll ad; babish advertising hidden valley. All hail our YouTube supreme leader, Babish.
King
Please take all the bon appetite staff I'll watch all of them I stg
Hire the rest of the exiled Bon appetit staff!! They need to be back together on here.
Babish eating with a Spear of Longinus
Sohla, I'm so happy to see you again! Congrats on your new show!
I, for one, will welcome our new Babish Overlords.
I’m gonna miss the babish. Every time I saw your channel I want to re watch west wing.
Sohla!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! So good to see you.  Can't wait to see what you produce! Woohoo!!
SOHLA!
Wow that was kinda boring..
"Macaroni" - A Recipe from 1784   by the Townsends channel  In case you want actual 18th century mac and cheese.
I wonder how many times they had to spin the wheel before it landed on 18th century....
You sir are absolutely insane....I LOVE IT!!!  Fantastically funny and informative.  Thank you!
Can't wait to see Brad have his own show here in the BCU as well!
Loving it! Great addition!
Yooooo this is awesome!
Gameshow Host Babish is actually just Good Eats Alton Brown
With *LIES AND DECEIT* we can do anything
Sohla: The crew: No one:  Concrete: Boom.
i love the music!!!
Now the only time I'm going to see Binging with Babish is the cookbook :(  I'm kidding, glad you are expanding your world and Universe Andrew!
If you don't appreciate the talent of colored people and respect their skill set and experience, someone else will. You lost that coin Bon Appetit, and you lost many very talented individuals out of sheer idiocy. I hope you're watching this.
when i was a kid, my cousin and i would start a small fire in my parents’ firepit and we’d run around the yard looking for dried sticks and leaves to feed the fire, or as we liked to call it, our “customer.” sohla’s little childhood anecdote dredged up this memory of mine and im grateful and also i would die for sohla
Townsends would definitely rock this episode lol.
YES SOHLA !! LOVE THIS
god yes. an entertaining and silly show that treats sohla like the extremely intelligent, experienced, creative, and talented person that she is by giving her themed challenges yes PLEASE. THANK YOU. i'm so hyped for more eps of this YES.
That Oompa Loompa haircut though..
This is great!
Yesssss!!! Sohla!!!! This is so exciting, congrats Andre, Sohla and team
You know you could’ve just done Townsends recipe... but this was a fun ride LOLs
YEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Which kitchen is this ? Feel like it’s one of his older ones ?
Yay! Sohla has a YouTube home again! I like this series and look forward to seeing more content. Quick idea: I love Sohla's knowledge of food and would love to have that pop up more. Maybe she could cover ingredients that the average Wonder bread (I say this because I think a lot of cultural foods and dishes have not been featured very often) home cook wouldn't normally interact with. Tell me where to get it, how to know good quality, and teach a dish with using that ingredient. I want to know about saffron, truffles, garam masala, different kinds of peppers, etc. There's so many foods that rarely get featured. I also bought a big bottle of fish sauce to make one dish and now am sitting here going what do I do with the rest of it?
Yassssss! Love Sohla!!!!
That was hard to watch. I like babish, hence the  subscription to this channel. I have never heard of Solah, and would not watch her again. Please keep up the quality BABISH content!
I'm so genuinely excited for the future of this channel, Babish pulled the most pro gamer move on BA
Jason Townsend And Sons does 16th through 18th century cooking, Sohla should take lessons from them about period correct cooking.
Yesssss!!!! Thank you team bab for giving Sohla a platform she deserves!!!!!
All is well on the internet again! Great to have Sohla back on YouTube
Love the show but the new name is kiiiinda meh
I was expecting John Townsend ,lol
MORE SOHLA!!!!!
What a flex to have your own commercial on your own video
Oh my goodness, sohla is phenomenal. You made me giggle so much
WHAT I JUST GOT A BINGING WITH BABISH AD FOR BINGING WITH BABISH
Where's all the fresh grated nutmeg on top?
these people haven’t watched Survivor in regards to fire
wow didn’t expect this when i clicked on this video
Yay!
Yay! Great to see Sohla back on camera.
Yeeeeeeeessssssss
YAY! Since BA can't appreciate Sohla, we get to have her! So excited.
Can’t wait for bavengers age of cooking to go live on de BCU
a WHOLE show with Sohla, is this heaven?
in the 1800s cancer, diabetes and heart disease was VERY VERY rare. and they ate a ton of meat, fat and dairy. as well as basic things like boiled vegetables and bread But no weird processed plant-oils.... think about it. Anyone interested in old-school cooking, checkout "Townsend" the youtube channel. he uses recipes from 100-300 year old books. super interesting. and also cooks over an open fire etc. (and a few non-food related videos as well, mostly about the good ol' days)
i thought this was a new channel he created nah he just changed the name
Babish, the father the son and the holy spirit, saving the righteous. Keep on Babbin' on.
I am dying to know who else is in this new universe. 😅
Handeth over the macceth and cheeseth
Yessss, I love Sohla! So glad she has a spotlight!
Oh man gonna miss "hey guys welcome back to Binging with Babish"
If you want binging with Babish back like 👇
I’m so happy this is happening omg! LONG LIVE BCU
Me realizing thats the same new mic Felix is using and hoping Andrew doesn't deep throat his too
Great video! Welcome Sohla!!!!!!
Hire Brad!
YES JUST YES BEST IDEA EVER
That looks so good!! Ah, I’m hungry!
Now bring over Claire!
friggin' THRILLED to see Sohla getting the exposure she deserves!! Yay BCU!
7:38 even J kenji lopez alt is confused about that word.... well. also me HAHAHAHA
i used to comment on all bas videos for sohla to get her own show.. didnt realize she wasnt even getting payed for the ones she was in. im so glad she has a safe space with an incredible other person to show the culinary and wholesomeness you both thrive at🥺🥺
Imma miss binging with babish
Townsend's did 17 century mac and cheese, it was pasta smothered in melted butter, greated cheese, pepper and probably nutmeg too.
Dear Bon Apetit: Enjoy losing money. Yours, Sane people.
I’m ready for the “make it sad” option
Sohla is the best. I will subscribe just for her
Sohla is my culinary spirit animal.
Spätzle. SPÄTZLE! SPÄÄÄÄ-TZ-LEEEE!!!!!  Americans -.-     It's always like that, folks! Not a bit of interest or respect for other --->European<--- (where you originate from!) cultures. Do your research, before you offend other cultures, thank God, Swabians are not Italians in therms of cooking and thank God, I'm no swabian.
Your stepping outside of your territory pal
Sohla!! Love to see her <3
this is amazing. so excited to see more of sohla!! ♡
Is Andrew taking over bon appetite? I hope he does
Could we get a james Townsend and son historical accuracy critique? The triparte YT collab of the millennium.
YAY! So happy that Sohla has a show of her own!!!
Yeah, Sohla is back!!!
Where's our kitchen tour?
YESSS SOHLA!!!!
Sohla ❤️
Turning 2020 around one episode at a time:)
First he stole Vinnie from It's alive with Brad, now he nabbed Sohla!
btw German Kids grow up with Käsespätzle and not with Mac and Cheese
The Account name has changed
Ask a Boy Scout for fire help next time. lol.
Honestly, there could be a "make a steak from thin air and nothing else" video and I would have absolute confidence in Sohla being able to do it. She's just so clever, creative, and informed about food and cooking.
Congrats on the new show, subscribed!
God i love talented, kind people getting the recognition they deserve
HELLLLLLL YESSSSSS
Yes!  Stump Sohla is a fantastic way to show off how talented Sohla is.
[Nutmeg Daddy liked that]
sadly he brought over the worst one of them all
It this a dream?
This makes me so happy
I'm very excited for this development, especially for Sohla, she better be getting what she deserves. I'm grateful for everyone contributing to this!
Can we get Brad on here now too plz?
Next, steal Brad Leone for the BCU
This entire format is just ripped from BA. I love Sohla, can we let BA die already?
Yes yes yes
So happy to see Sohla in an wonderful work environment and away from BA. ❤️😌
Please collab with Townsend’s & sons, his channel is basically this! Cooking in the 18th century and making log cabins
Oh hell yeah! Loving the new format already!!
omg i love this and im scared and excited for this expansion
Well life would be easier if they just googled Bryndzové Halušky.
Is babish gonna take down BA test kitchen
Idk how but ever time I watch your vid theres an ad of you I didnt even know this was possible also great video
I didn't even notice the new name, but, im excited as heck
I absolutely adored this! More please.
I saw that she was doing some show on here instagram but i never imagined she would get a show on your channel! This is so cool😍
I could not be more excited to see what the BCU is going to bring to us all. Good luck and I can't wait for more!
Educating us on the dangers of concrete in fire pits lol
Welcome sohla!! This is just about the coolest thing ever.... Also.... did you make that cheese? 🧐🧐🧐
This is one of my favorite collaborations by two of my favorite YouTubers!!!!
Jas Townsend has entered the chat
THIS IS AMAZING! YES YES YES
God this channel grew so much Im so happy for Mr. Andrew he deserves everything in the world ❤️
I really like the energy of Babish and Sohla is a good sport.
That was OUTSTANDING! I need more of this!
This is 400% better. Finally, we see the full-on-nerd-dork Sohla. This is the best.
I demand a Jas Townsends crossover event
It’s the first episode and she’s already tired of babish trolling
Aaahhh I love Sohla!!! So happy to see her here
Most Alpha move in all of culinary youtube.
Amazing video!
Thank you for bringing Sohla back to our screens 🥰 Can't wait for more videos!
The Austrians have a dish called Kaiser Spetzel (which pretty much translates to cheese pasta), which is a pretty traditional cheesy carby dish, so i don't think you're too far off the mark with this one!
Dear Babby,  I don't know if you can read this but if you can get Sohla a show there maybe you can make a show or at least a regular collab with Brad as well? That way he can be reunited with Vinny again!  Thank you.  A fan
4:29 Close your eyes
This is so incredible.
Sohla joining babish!!!
That's a really well made wheel.      WELCOME SOHLA!!!
Wait wtf this isn't Townsends?
Is she just smashing two random rocks together? That's fucked you need flint in steel man did u ever play minecraft?
Tbh I thought it was babish with a wig in the thumbnail
I really thought this was a new Townsend video.
mhhhh Käsespätzle
YES SOHLA !!!! We love you queen 👑
I don't like the new name, and I don't like the editing. The premise is good though.
Sohla!!!!
BCU>MCU
I'm so stoked to see videos by Sohla again on a great channel! This is also such a fun format. F**k Bon Appetit! I unsubscribed and am never watching their channel again unless they make some serious changes.
Also what happened to Jess???
Is it really from the 18th century if there's no nutmeg?
Wooo, here we go!  Hopefully many years before we get our "and I... am BABISH" moment ;)
So this is where babish starts transitioning to a boss and hiring other people. He's gunna make the new bon appetit but better.
I swear she’s so fucking adorable need her in every episode
Stumped the fire cos you put stumps into the flame
Clearly it’s wrong because she didn’t grate in the nutmeg
I love everything about this, but I especially love the whisks in the pocket protector 😂
If you don’t know what’s going on with the Bon Appetite go find out. I about dropped my new phone seeing this notification!!! So excited you guys are doing this!! I’ve missed you Sohla! Here’s your time girl take it!!!!
@6:42 ON REPEAT ❤️
Gasp
SOHLA!!!! YES!!!!
Should have named it Scoffing with Sohla!!
Keep it up Babish Lots of love❤️❤️❤️
MORE!!!
Ahhhhhh,I LOVED THIS!!!!!! YO!!!!
sohla is such a joy to watch i’m so happy about this
FUCK YES SOHLA I'm so happy to see her ❤️❤️❤️
If I learned anything from Townsends, it's: needs nutmeg
I remember watching the English Heritage channel make the video Macaroni Cheese The Victorian Way and it seemed much simpler than this. :P Alas, it was a century later.
Idk if it's me but i love this girl's personality😄❤
I love Sohla!
Can Isaac Toups be part of the BCU ?.... Mon frère !!!
She said what a fun life and all I could think about was A Million Ways to Die in the West😂😂😂😂😂😂
18th Century Mac & Cheese and the video is not Townsends. hmmmm interesting evolution for the channel.
EWWW GLUTEN...    only envious cause I'm allergic to gluten Now....
Why am I so emotional just from watching Sohla for the first time in forever
wish the name was binging with babish and gang or something
New sign-off "This is Babish, and I'll.... B C'ing U!!"
Yay Sohla!!!!
So happy to see Sohla on this channel! Will for sure be watching!
yes, more please!
Yay Sohla!! I’m so excited for this!
I prefer Mac _or_ Cheese.
I love that Andrew was using a shotgun mic to interview her like a game show host.
I'M HERE BECAUSE OF SOHLA!
I LOVE SOHLA!!!
So great! Happy to see you two working together! Love the new show!
Pleasant surprise ☺️
She's so pretty.
I love all the Brad vibes in the way she says some things like "Oh God!" and "boob-lodge".
I don't know how to put it, I don't wanna sound mean. I like here and I certainly like collabs, but this video just focused to much on here and to little on Babish.  It just lacked that special something for me. I felt like watching a bon appetit show or something like that.
very glad sohla has found a new, better place to share her amazing talents with us
macaroni in a pot
Im gonna support this like I have never supported anything before! Im so glad you brought Sohla on and this is such a fun premise for a show. Content King!
Personally I prefer Babish by himself and maybe once every 15 episodes he brings someone else in
SOHLAAAAA💛💛💛💛
I love Sohla! So glad she joined your team!
SOHLAAAAAAAAAAAA  so hot right now 😁
Great job your channel is growing I love it.
dude i am so excited
Is this foreshadowing a Townsends crossover?
Wait what’s this. Change the name back. AAAAHHHH
I am so happy to see that amazing Sohla has somewhere to cook on youtube again
Well, this sucks
I want "ate all the cheese he wanted and then he died" on my tombstone
I love Sohla, greatest addition to your channel
I'm still trying to figure out why the concrete was exploding...
Someone page Townsend & Co!
The fact you didn't go with Townsend's makes me sad.
"twice as much cheese as there's spatzle" as it should be
nm...wont be following this. peace and chicken grease.
where do i subscribe to the babish appetite mag?
Yes, I love everything about this. Especially Sohla.
I dont like this new format. Its making the videos unnecessarily long. YouTubers need to understand that attention spans are getting shorter. The shorter you make your videos the more people will watch them
Mac and Cheese should always consist of at least twice as much cheese as pasta
All hail the BCU!
Delightful! Subscribed :)
Love Sohla and Babish and I am really excited to see more of this show. That said, if any of the production staff are combing the comments for feedback, I felt like this format was a little... incoherent. The concept is good, Sohla is charming, but I felt a little bit lost watching it. The research step was missing where Sohla explains what she is going to try to do. The cooking process looked so disorganized and uncomfortable that I had a trouble following along. For example, what was that pasta substitute? I'm not familiar with the name. I wanted to see it up close. What was its texture like? Also what happened to the hot dogs?! Were those legit 18th century hot dogs? Did hot dogs exist in the 18th century? I hunger for weird trivia.  I think this is where Bon Appetit's video production skill shone, with producers asking the chefs questions, so they could film the sound bites they needed to weave a coherent story. Popping up info onscreen when something important was omitted. IMO, that stuff was missing here.   Everyone comes to vids for something different, so this is just what I thought was missing. Maybe most people don't care about this stuff and it's just me. Who knows. Anyway, best of luck, and I look forward to the next one.
Yes!!! Yes yes yes!!! This is a perfect duo - i cannot WAIT to see what else these two do together and you better believe i will be watching every episode of stump sohla ever!!!!
Damn I’m miss the old name
Oh this is so much fun :>
Love this!! Love Sohla and love Babby
Brilliant stuff, loving the creativity and humour, props to the whole crew!
Brilliant! Love it!
What about the nutmeg?
She's a brilliant host and a great addition to the channel, but nothing's worth changing the name. Bring back the orignal name 'Binging with Babish'.
Don’t be shy absorb the entire BA crew
Hire all the BA test kitchen chefs and build a new test kitchen.
really glad sohla is becoming a regular!
I love how you used 18th century background music to fit the theme.
yeessss soohhllaaaa!!
feel like an OG fan now that he changed his channel name
That name change triggers me 😂
SWAG HI SOHLA
Didn't watch the video, is there a reason for it having so much cheese?
THIS IS AN AMAZING IDEA! AND CONGRATS ON EXPANDING YOUR CHANNEL! I THOROUGHLY ENJOYED THE VIDEO❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I can't be the only one who is going to miss Binging With Babish  😢🥺
Sohla : "I didn't have any friends" Me : Me too kid.
I don't care what video you make, you're content is always amazing! Keep it up!
I’m sorry, but whyyyy I loved Binging with Babish 🥺🥺😪
Sohla getting the extra love she deserves (:
Should have smoke signaled ya boi Townsends.
Subbed for Sohla!
somebody tell Jas Townsend
This actually makes me wanna see a Babish and Towsend crossver episode ngl
I FU*KING LOVE THIS. You two (and your channel staff) all rock.
I’m crying I love this for Sohla!
Anyone know what the rest of the cast of BA are doing?
I love this! I imagine Sohla is getting paid her actual value with the BCU team, and valued for her experience, skill and knowledge. BA can suck it!!!
i'm so excited about this show! feels good to see two of my favorite chefs working together and having a good time creating :)
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽🥰🥳🎉🍾🥂👍🏽👌🏽💪🏽🤗❤️
I’m sorry, but Binging with Babish was a catchier, better name.
the editing is perfection
Townsend's need to do a review of this.
dude i love this type of video so much
Having Sohla on here permanently feels like a bubble bath for the soul
Anything 18th century food related, check the Townsends.  Welcome, fun premise, fun show!
Bingeing with babbish is gone? :(
Glad to have you back Sohla!!! Congrats on a new series and update Babish
This is better than anything i've ever hoped for when i've learned that Sohla left BA.
I need more Sohla. Killing the game
Seriously thrilled Sohla has a new home cooking online
Go sohla! Glad to see her back!
WOOOOOOOOOOO SOHLA
I see Sohla I click.
Subscribed and liked for more Stump Sohla. I am such a big fan, congrats on your new show Sohla!
Townsends type beat
Sohla's here? Blind subscribe.
I've missed that giggle.
BCU has a nice ring to it, but I miss BWB.
Love everything about this!
The bigest question is why a FIRE pit is exploding
Can't wait in a couple of years when Babish launches the Babish Incorporated Streaming Service where, for $3.99 a month you can watch Babish Cinematic Universe Originals like "What if," a series in which they imagine recipes where certain ingredients never existed and "Sohlavision," where Sohla takes food videos from alternate realities.
Yes! Sohlas back baybeeeee!
I'M SO EXCITED! I will watch literally anything you put Sohla in. I always wanted to Sohla to have her own show on BA. Babish, you are doing the Lord's work! I can't wait to follow along!
Woo, more Sohla!
Omg the mini whisks in Andrews suit pocket
Change your name back :(
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAYAY I'm so freaking happy Sohla has found a home that appreciates her!
Big like for my girl SOHLA
WE LOVE SOHLAAA
I love that this wasn't over produced.
I love Sohla 😭 so glad she’s part of the show!!
Sohla banging rocks together absolutely killed me. It's 18th century AD not BC
noooooo leave the old name
I'M SO FUCKING EXCITED
Cheesy Spätzle, doesn’t sound bad, though I thought Spätzle was a German egg noodle... though I’m probably wrong
i want merch i want merch i want merch
A perfect choice, she's the best there is
Best vid on this channel please add more people from ba test kitchen
This just made me forgive 2020 for happening
Without a doubt, the best thing to come out of 2020.
[James Townsend and Sons has logged on]
Dude I love you but this is terrible
oh my god Sohla in the Babish universe makes me so happy! So excited to see her become a part of the team - looking forward to more of these shows!! :)
I've been a subscriber since the time his name was "Binging with Bbabish"  Ahhh..... sweet memories.
So will you have to change the name of your website?
Wish I could like this twice. I hope Babish ends up with the whole Bon Appetit crew!
i love sohla so much
Oooh, new name! Hey, long as you keep making binging and basics, I'll keep watching. I really like food, and also your voice and touches of humor is a nice package. Can't wait to see what everyone else brings though. Edit: Okay. This seems fun! EXCITED!
Yaaaaay I’m so excited to see sohla on your channel every week :)
Did anyone get an ad from Babish in this Babish video?
Is Brad Leone going to join the BCU too?
Babish showing Bon Appetit how the fuck it’s done!!! Suck It Bon Appetit!!!
Man the blue screen in the glasses were hard to stop noticing
I wonder what Townsends thinks of this iteration?
I’m so glad to see Sohla here! I love her!
I'm really glad Babish is able to give the platform that Sohla rightfully deserves.
omg i have the same fireplace as babish!!!
Bruh, I thought that was Babish on the thumbnail 💀
Is James Townsend canon in the BCU?
I just want to thank whoever was responsible for this masterpiece
this is literally a dream come true i never could have expected the turnout of bon appetit eating shit to be this awesome
Loved this, love Sohla, good job!
Macaroni in a cauldron thats some wap thats some wap.....no one.....just me....ok ill see myself out
holy YES
I just hope episodes will get longer! I want more Sohla in my life!
The only thing negative I had to say is, I wish Andrew didn't scrap his teeth along the fork when he eats. 😣
Omg that story about making tiny rice in a walnut shell is so cute
Yaaaaaaaay! /me waves his arms in the air and giggles like a little kid  "Welcome Sohla!"
I’m loving this so much!
Townsend's is weeping
Man that kitchen needs some sound treatment.
EXCELLENCE
Did you see that pop in the fire pit? Yeah that was Bon Appetit.
Thanks for bringing Sohla into your universe where she can really flex her creativity and playfulness!  Congrats on the expansion, too!
I don't know who this lady is but this show seems like a neat idea
YEEEES I am so happy you both decided to team up. I'm sooo excited to see you work together to make incredible things. So glad Sohla has a new cooking home <3
Sohla "uuu jaahh jahhh, you dont care" ....that made it for me
As I understand it, Thomas Jefferson was actually a big fan of Mac and Cheese. No. Really.
Why not make a new channel for bcu Binging with banish shouldn't have changed
I can just imagine Townsends trying really hard not to rip this to shreds.
Now, as ever--- I see Sohla, I watch.
Käsespätzle
YESSSSSSSSSSS SOHLAAA
"when I was a kid, I would start little fires in these little holes that I would dig," she says as if she's starting an actual normal story
YASS. More Sohla, sivouple!
Currently the best put together show on YouTube, that can be in sync with commercials and not lose ny attention.
Fantastic addition to the BCU! Can't wait for more!
This makes me a 1000x more excited to continue watching all your videos! Shes a wonderful addition 😊
This is cute but I haaaaaaate how much Babish is on camera :) I just want to see Sohla her vibes are calming and nice while Babish has douchey annoying vibes. He's ruining the whole thing. Please leave and stop talking.
Love this!
AHHHH BINGING WIth BABISH IS EXPANDING AHHHH PERFECT!!!
This makes me so happy. I'm so excited for Sohla
New favorite show!!!
I am here. For. This.
AAAAA SOHLA YESSSS
rip binging with babish
Poor Sohla. The stove was invented in the 18th century. Also, macaroni noodles have been around since the 14th century while spaetzle was invented in the 18th century.
I have missed Sohla. Thank you for bringing her back to us!
This is awesome! Love how the channel is growing!
Watching this was so fun. This new series is awesome.
YAAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS SOHLA THE ABSOLUTE QUEEEN
only babish could have an ad of himself before his own videos
Sohla: didn't they have communal ovens that were always on?  Me: they were stupid if they didn't.
I was hoping for an end credits scene where James Townsend comes out of the shadows wearing an eyepatch.
ITS SOHLA
So is the spinner gonna be a recurring thing, or is it a one-off? I wanna see astronaut food soon.
I like how he just used his shotgun mic instead of a prop 70s game show host mic
I'm so happy to see her with a great team doing fun things like this, rather than being where she was
Wow I love your support for Sohla
Denim has been in production since the XV century...
So why are shola with babish and not with ba? Like Ba is her family...
love seeing the channel grow like this! Way to add great talent to the show
Can we get a Brad Leone show next?
Love,love. New show love
Did he just recently change his channel name to Babish Culinary Universe or am I just the idiot that didn’t notice earlier
I hate to be a pedant, but....It's spaetzle, pronounced spaytz-luh, not spetz-uhl....
SOHLA
Babish did this whole project just so he had a reason to tackle Mac and Cheese again
Oh! I am early! I am earliest I have been in years! Subscribing!
Totally thought this was a Townsends video from the thumbnail and title
You better pay her properly!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted then died" - a true historian in the making
everyones gangsta til the firepit starts explodin
Fucking love both of you! And insanely siked to continue to watch Sohla cook! Yaassss!!! Im losing my mind rn!! So pumped!
Actually thought he was joking when he said the channel had a new name
What kind of shitty as fire pit can't have a fire in it
YAY SOHLA!!!!!!
I really enjoyed this, I'm excited to see more <3
Jon Townsend has entered the chat
YEEEESSSSS! This is good content! I love her, and wish you guys all the best! ❤️ 🇧🇷 Go BCU! 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
YES! Finally Sohla has her own show! And I'm so glad it's on this channel!
This is amazing!!!
Did anyone see the font and think Babish crossed over with James Townshend? A man can dream.
Oh fuck. I'm so here for the BCU
I'd like longer videos because I am NOT dying young but I do have plenty of TIME TO KILL
👇people here since binging with babish
Yeah, I love it! I hope more bon appetites stars move to there own channels or new community channels vs. Business style they had before. Brad can just move in with Matty over in canada and start a vlog. The cooking tube will be in balance again.
I thoroughly enjoyed this
I LOVE SOHLAAAAA🥰🥰🥰
I'm so here for the BCU. I hope to see more friends migrate from the evil bon appetit
We missed you, Sohla!
Please raise the audio levels for next eposide. I could barely hear anything. Great vid though!! :D
I really enjoyed this video, but personally I think that a separate channel for the Babish culinary universe than on the main channel. Still great though, enjoyed watching.
TBH im kind of sad that the old name is gone.
I love how all the culinary Chanels support each other and do cross overs to share knowledge!
YES, THANK YOU FOR BRINGING SOHLA! Your channel was already a highlight of my week, now it's going to be even better!
Please don't get too commercial... Seen a lot of good channels with great original content ruined from chasing sponsorships and bending over to everything they want.
I love this and I love Sohla! Great idea Babish.
Sell out.
Hopefully Sohla gets paid fairly this time around Edit: typo
This is everything Sohla deserves, I hope you are treating her better than BA did.
Change it back
Why she laugh like Dora
Sohla!!!!!!!! Yes!!! I’m here for this show
SOHLAAAAA YEAAAAAAAAAAAA
(4:00) It seems macaroni and cheese, in the form of "Makerouns" dates back at least to the 14th century, found in "Forme of Cury".
YES Sohla. I’m so excited to see her on YouTube again!!!
I cannot stop smiling this is now the best show on youtube :'D
Plz make a basics episode about white cake from chiffon , Victoria sponge to genoise
I got an ad with babish In it on this video lol
pojebalo go
The representation Sohla deserves.👏🏼  Bon Appetit could never.
she should have consulted the townsends
Sohla stumps 18th century cooking!
inb4 Babby takes all the best chefs in NYC under his umbrella.
Ah yes, as much cheese as you want. She's truly the Marie Antoinette of vintage cooking. Bring on the brioche 👁️👄👁️
I love your videos, i loved basics with babish. I learned how to make authentic carbonara from that and i learn something new every episode.
YAY SOHLA!!!!!! YOU ROCK! I'm happy to be able to watch you cook again.
YES MORE SOHLA!!!!!!!!!
I'm so happy to see Sohla happy and doing her thing with good people. It makes my heart so happy. I hope this continues on for as long as it's sustainable for you both. Gah. Brilliant pair.
Wowowowowowowowow
She threw a cheesy Peter frampton joke in there. Shes a national treasure
*Spätzle
Yes. Yes. YEEEEESSSSSSSS
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaay!!!!!!!!!
Sohla is awesome. Like!
Haha! It didn't have to be entirely open flame. They had wood burning stoves in the 1800s. Poor Sohla!
sohla stans rise!!!
So we getting brad claire and Matty now
That's the channel's diversity cuota?
love this
the game show theme does you no credit
That is amazing
I want you to know your existence makes my life a little brighter. Thank you for all you do.
This is a awesome game show.
I’m picking up what you’re throwing down. ✌️
This makes me so happy. So glad to see Sohla somewhere she is ABSOLUTELY going to be properly appreciated! LETS! GO! BCU!
Sohla! Great to see you back!
YES
I’m proud to say I was here before BCU and was part of BINGING WITH BABISH
SOHLAAAA!
Sohla❤❤❤❤
BCU the name of my university
Sohla was my favorite before the fall out with the channel who shall not be named. So hyped to see her land with Babish! :D
Why is everyone making mac and cheese lately?
omg i'm so excited for this series i love sohla :,)
Beethoven's Mac and Cheese.  Google it.
babishhh can you do the Winchester  surprise from supernatural.  its my all time favorite show!!
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Yaaaas, amazing bringing Sohla on board!
yo who else read the title and thought Townsends had made a new video
let me guess, someone stole your sweetroll?
Awesome, now gather all the cool folks from bon appétit and create the actual wholesome channel it always pretended to be 😊
This has been the greatest thing to happen in 2020, so glad Sohla has her own show!!
Corduroy was around then
I really hope you can get the whole cast who left Bon Appétit (and for good reasons) on your channel. The BCU would be huge!
BA imploded like that fire pit
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died" this comment makes me feel I was born too late..
Sohla!! I am so excited to see where this channel will go in the future.
MCU step aside.
Interested on who will appear and all. Not sure I will watch any of it bc I watch for you and the TV recipes, not really for other people
Dang he is attractive and so is Sohla. I hope they become a couple!
Very very cool!!! Thanks team!
Love the expansion! Can’t wait to see what other ideas you guys have!!!
I read the title and thought I was watching Townsend and Sons
yo PLEASE get some of the other Test Kitchen refugees on here!!
Did they have mac & cheese in the 18th century? I believe Townsends would like a word.
Isnt it just German „Käsespätzle“ what you get in nearly every restaurant?
Sohla is the best!!!!
I LOVE THIS
I'm so happy about this!
An ambitious world. I love it
Thought this was Townshends for a second but I won't complain
I'm so happy to see Sohla on the channel!
Sohla should definitely win an academy award for that intro. The actress we never knew we have
YES YES YES YES!!!!!!! This is everything I’ve ever wanted.
Hell yeah
Just commenting to boost this video so we get more. :)
So BA got off on torturing Claire and not paying Sohla, but Babish decides to torture AND pay Sohla?  I'll take it!
5:00 o they making bombbbsss also i got that ranch ad with babish oooooo??
Did anyone notice the blue in his glasses
Babish Culinary Universe? More like Babish Cinematic Universe  I want to see movies based off of this
I'm glad Sohla is still hanging out with babish again after the chocolate episode but this sounds like a Townsend thing. Maybe do another with a different recipe involving him.
MOAR SOHLA
She's so humble and sweet. That's how I felt throughout this entire video - this is so sweet
I love this so so much. They are sooooo compatible when it comes to the food thingies and it just works so well! I can’t wait for more!
Always a treat to see Sohla in your videos!! You two are a delight to watch :)
@Sohla   Townsends on You Tube actually has an recipe and there was an actual tube pasta.  Even a salamander existed for top browning. LOVE you SOHLA!!!!!
I Love the sexual tension going on here
Fun fact: they DID have Mac and cheese in the 18th century, and it was Ludwig Von Beethoven’s favourite food.
Sohla getting the damn LOVE and RECOGNITION she DESERVES!!!!!!
Yo, you should have that one girl on that eats the crazy things.  I need more info on this BCU thing... anyone?
SOHLA I LOVE YOU I'M SO HAPPY ABOUT THIS OMG BABISH THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR GIVING HER A GOOD AND HEALTHY WORKPLACE  Okay, fan freak out over <3
Oh man I absolutely loved every second of this! Looks like the beginning of a beautiful new universe.
Hurray! Happy to see Sohla on a regular basis!
I thought you had a second channel now haha
Phase 3 BCU: Babish collects the infinity ingredients
Yes, more Sohla!!!
THANK YOU!!
big old nope
This is sweeeeet
I'm so glad Sohla gets a show, this is so awesome. Looking forward to more!
Sohla is the best!!! I love everything she does. Can’t wait to see more!
ok.....so we need to see Sohla cook inside walnut shells
Unsubscribed.   Just to subscribe again. That's the closest I can get to subscribing twice.
I do hope 'Binging With' will remain as a series name for old times' sake, but best of luck with this new venture.
Sohla, you forgot the nutmeg!
Idk how to describe how happy I was to see Sohla again 😭
Love it !!!  Sohla is such a good  chef and host, hope the BCU keeps expanding :)
Love the branding move Andrew. Lots of good thing to come your way my friend.
Yay we get too see sohla again:D
Aw I love Sohla!
Babish Culinary Universe! Unreal. I remember the original apartment and the Fraiser intro music. Congratulations on how far you (and the team) have come and how much farther you're going to go. Cheers!
Amazing move. You deserve all the success you get.
I love that the BCU is a thing and that Sohla is a part of it. That looked so delicious!
Tbh I'm glad Sohla didn't get as big as Claire in BA. Cause if she did, we would never get this gem aka stump sohla. BCU is the perfect home for her. Also just the fact that she's going to be paid for her worth feels so damn good!
Ur using pewdipies mic!! LOL
YYYAAAYYYY BABISH AND SOHLA!!!!!! now just get Brad and Matty to do their traveling hunting/fishing cooking show and the BCU WILL REIGN SUPREME
So glad to have Sohla back and even better to have her with Babish! Can’t wait to see the  shenanigan’s y’all get into!
It's so great to see how far Andrew has come :)
Half-Sour Schaffits could never. 🤣
Townsends do it better 😎
I thought this was a Townsend video
why is townsends not here
Do you accept my challenge? Then do that and help me
sohla gives me life
SOHLA AT THUMBNAIL: Say no more. Here's my like.
ROCK! HECK YEAH!
Sohla was awesome! Can't wait for the next episode!
sohla finally getting the recognition she DESERVES
I just love this episode!!  It’s so good to see Sohla as part of this team.  She’s an awesome addition to the channel. And I hope I’m not offending anybody, but Babish is channeling his inner Alton Brown in here. In fact the whole video gives me Alton Brown vibes from his Good Eats series, mixed with his hosting chores in any of the earlier FN shows.
Don't stop till the BCU absorbs the entirety of the Bon Appetit crew.
Y'all acting like John Townsend ain't been making dishes like this everyday on his channel.
This is awesome! Welcome Sohla!
Two of my favorites teaming up to make a great show!! I love it so much! I’m so glad Sohla spoke up about her treatment at BA and has found this opportunity to be treated and compensated in the way that she deserves. Beautiful Also this is a really cool idea for a show, and the Mac and cheese looks so good!
"I think I'm gonna use a lot of cheese because people died young" lmao
Noice
Bring back your old branding
Love the concept, always so original andi
SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Banish you better keep her around! I will watch every video with her in it
Sohla is a goddamn gem. I want babish to take all of the bon appetite staff.
yesss sohla!
So Mac and Cheese comes from the German Käsespatzle basically. 😂
Heyyyyy, it's Sohla! Woop!
WE LOVE TO SEE ITTTTTTTT
In this culinary universe we love sohla 😤😤
I love the sound his shoes made when he scooted away with the wheel lol
Those 1.6 thousand thumbs-downs are just Adam Rapoport making a ton of fake accounts.
Andy here is slowly making the food network irrelevant with kindness, authenticity, and corny props & jokes.  Keep it Grassroots, Andy. That's what makes the magic happen.
Only true fans know binging with babish
Ew, no
YES JUST YES
Andrew's ad about Hidden Valley Ranch just popped up as my first ad 🤟🏽🔥
2:48 why so many goddammn cuts, please, don't let it be edited like this...
where is being with babish?
YES YES YES SOHLA
Botanist Commercial with Babbish on a Babbish video
YESSS WE LOVE THE CHEF SUPPORT!!!
I'm so glad we're gonna get more of solha here!
I just got to at the beginning of the video with the babish before I even watch the video if this ain't a power move I don't know what it is
Absolute flex giving Sohla her own show!
Personally I really enjoy you as a chef and would love to see you continue your individual videos, I am glad to see this expand into something much bigger, but I hope to continue to get content from you in the original formula you have created, this is exciting but I am worried we may loose something in this transition, I support this and am glad to see this.
As a fellow bearded guy, that move with the fork was BOLD.
Not babish, not interested
Holy shit I love that your channels banner is Babish with tiny whisk
OMG SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! We love you, Sohla! You're ok too, Babs.
Peition to add ex ba memebers to the bcu
Can’t say I like the sudden change. Why not just create a new channel for this?
Only Sohla can do such a badass power move. Can't wait for her to blow up
wtf is the shit
FINALLY SOHLA GETS THE SHOW SHE DESERVES 🖤
When you get a binging with babish ad. On a binging with babish video.
I love Sohla!
BA going out in flames while our girl Sohla is thriving is the biggest reverse uno card ever. 🥺😫 Congrats Babish and Sohla! So excited to see more of your creativity and talent! 💪
Hell yeah!
I love the added awkward element in this video. Keep it up guys!
Dear Babish, this is amazing man! Great to see you growing the team!
Yay! I love Sohla!!!! I’ve been really missing her
This is AMAZING.
Sohla deserves her own show! She was my favorite from BA. Btw, shame on Bon Appétit! Sohla is a gem! ❤❤❤
Babish staring into Bon Appetite’s eyes: “I am the captain now.”
SOHLA I STAN SO HARD
Wait the channel name changed!?(edit: ok he addressed it)
“Eat all the cheese I want, and then die” is my new mantra.
Anyone else thought it was a new Babish channel and was about to follow it and realized it was the old channel just renamed?  Cause yeah me too!
Sohla is here to stay!!!
Hell yes. Use your fame to boost others who deserve it
IT'S MY B-DAY!
I'm so so so so excited to see her respected and given proper time to shine.  Mad respect to Andrew for trying new things on his channel.  Sohla is so fun and so creative, I really think this show will let her shine.
Yesss Sohla! I'm so happy about this show
Babish, I freaking LOVE YOU. I was really looking forward to seeing what Sohla would be doing next, and I'm SO INCREDIBLY GLAD to see that she's joined you for some badass culinary adventures!
BCU!!!!
As someone who likes camping and has made many many campfires, she did a good job :)
Sohla is a consummate delight and I am thrilled for the BCU.
Omggg😍😍😍😍😍😍
While i love seeing Sohla cook again, it feels to showy for her. The whole intro and stuff. I think she shines more in a professional enviroment. Also weird way of rebranding the channel, like a completley 180 from the original content. Would have rather prefered a slow shift, maybe adding here and there. Also this episode in particular would have been an awesome opportunity to include john townsend, as he kind of is an institution in 18th century cooking, making the experience for sohla much more enjoyable as she seemed like a person very interested in learning new stuff.
This makes me so happy, I’m glad Sohla is getting the recognition she deserves, and who better to work with than Babish?
love that you guys are incorporating the people behind the camera. despite ba’s workplace environment failures, they absolutely nailed the modern concept of what audiences want from cooking shows.
I love the style of this show I love the concept this is genuine entertainment i love it
No nutmeg?
2:11 when Sohla wondering wtf she signed up for
She's like a kind kindergarten teacher with hardcore sailor tattoos. Much love
This is really good choice
Did a somebody toucha my mac cheese
I really hope to start seeing the rest of the BA team finding new projects to spread their wings with. I missed Sohla and I love seeing her again
she looks like if dora didn't explore at all
2020 IS OFFICIALLY GOOD GUYS
You really need your own Netflix show, dude.
I love y’all
We love
No fucking way
Way back when you made the parks and rec burgers, could you ever really imagine that one day there'd be a wheel that would determine the kind of Mac and cheese you were going to eat?
This is so amazing. So excited. ❤️
I got a babish commercial before the video wtf lol
I love Sohla. more Sohla.
Putting ads of you in your video is such a power move 😂
OH MY GOD YESSS LETS GOO
BCU > BACU
Späzle exist for sure before 18th century, and in Southern Germany, where they originate from, one of the main recipes to make them awesome is "käse späzle", wich is simply cheese späzle...😊so 150% accurate...on the cheese I rather putt appenzeller...it's just better 😅
This is awesome!
sup
glad you're actually paying her
So happy to see Sohla again! Congrats on the major upgrade in content babish ;P
Remember when Sohla basically carried BA on her shoulders and made everyone's dish better but wasn't paid? LOOK AT HER NOW. our girl is thriving! I'm like a proud momma 🥺😫
The only reason I'm disliking is because my German ass is annoyed that she kept say speaztle wrong and that *mac and cheese* is kaespeatzle aka on of the best things ever
This is a damned delight!!  Learning and laughing.  As it should be.  “Ooohh, huh? Oh you don’t care” 😂😂😂
Try building it using refractory concrete, it can withstand high temperatures of 1500 °C.
Please change back the name It does not sound babishy
I kinda wish they threw Priya in the mix. She has a great sister chemistry with Sohla
Ironically enough, this could have been a lot easier, stoves were commonplace in the early 18th century
Sohla getting valued for her knowledge and kickass skills and not to fill a diversity quota AND its with babish AND now there's gonna be more babish?!?!?!  Honestly some of the best news I've gotten this year  Killll ittttt
5 min mac and cheese from the box. Nah 5 hour mac and cheese from the 18 century lol
Please steal more people from bon appetit and pay them equitably and treat them well.
Sohla makes me think of Drew Barrymore. So cute.
This show has the energy of someone doing all their research for their history presentation the night before on google, and then just winging the rest.  I love it so much.
I love both you guys!! Im so happy
I thought this was Townsends for a moment
SOHLAAAAAAAAAAAA
Loving the fact that Sohla made s'mores and only asking Babish after it's made if she can have it
YAY SOHLA!!!!
Second only to my actual human baby this is the best thing to come out of this demonic hell year.
Ain't nobody talking about Babish rocking that tux?
okay guys.. did you google the BCU and realize that BRAD, CLAIRE, MATTY, CHEF JOHN, YSAC,  WILL BE ON THIS CHANNEL?!
YEESSSSS THIS IS WHAT SHE DESERVES!!!!! Thank you Babish!
Sohla is awesome. Very happy to see her more
Welcome Sohla!! So glad you're here!!
"cooking used. to be a true labor of love, now we just turn on a stand mixer" 🤣🤣🤣
My first thought when I saw "18th century Mac and cheese", was that you need to get Baking History in on this.
Who needs Bon Apéttit, we got the bab.
More!!!!
I am so glad you give Sohla more chance to get on screen. She is such a good chef <3
I thought I was watching 18th century cooking with John Townsend
To quote the god of thunder from another CU: "This is good, MORE!"
Oh to be an 18th century peasant eating lots of cheese and then proceeding to die
9:14  I had a plan  NO Said  *the Dutch van der linde* I have a plan           *we need faith*
WOW!!!! I love the commitment to the 18th century cooking, all the way down to the equipment! This is impressive, makes me appreciate all the convenience technology and modern inventions brought us!  Also, this new Stump Sohla series is AWESOME! Can't wait to see the next one!
It took my some time to realize that she was talking about Spätzle! Spätzle are just the best....
im a simple girl, i see sohla i click.
hate the channel name change but otherwise everything else is cool lolol
Really boring. She should have stayed at bon appetit
OMG this is so great!!!  I LOVE SOHLA
Go sohlaaaaaaa
obsesssed with this concept already
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
What if everyone from Bon Appetit just moved over to Babish Culinary Universe?
I love this. It was hilarious, entertaining and informative. Can't wait to see more!
Please say that Brad's next 🙏
I’m learning more from this video than I am from my online classes,plus this is actually worth paying attention to
Now imagine the Cast Iron pan is owned by the 18th middle class, which usually had rust, mold from the old food and pieces of old food floating amongst all that mac and cheese. Delicious!
SOHLLLLLLAAAAAAAAA
People gotta make money
oompa loompa? Not trying to be mean
shouldn't it be "Babish's Culinary Universe"
Crossover with Townsends when 😍
I love Sohla so much! So happy she's found a new home on your channel where her brilliance will actually be recognised. ❤️❤️❤️
Good choice on boccherini in the background
Rebranding and expanding your channel and getting Sohla on is probably the best thing to happen in 2020. You should get Brad too :)
Omg i love the new name.
WE LOVE SOHLA!!!
So pumped to see more of Sohla and more of this! Great job dudes!
Congrats on the rebranding - I am SO stoked to see Sohla shining with her own show on here. Very excited to see all the upcoming content!
BLESS UP BABISH 👏🏽👏🏽 WHAT A POWER MOVE
This is everything that I hoped it would be!
I love Sohla with all my heart after this
AMAZING! Love you, Sohla!!! <3
This is so chaotic in the best way 😂😂💀
SOHLA
Oh my god I am so here for Sohla being on this channel!
Sohla deserving all of this and Babish being an affiliate to this successful moment—- I’m here for it
Someone needed to get Sohla on their show, Babbi, good call!! Sohla is a goddess
This is an amazing and smart move. I have missed watching Sohla cook and I'm excited to see her here! What a collab.
Andrew. You know what you did. WE know what you did. You did it well. Good on you. I look forward to becoming one of your employees in the future, sir.
This would be Kourtney Kardashian if she never had plastic surgery
18 cent Mac & Cheese, Thomas Jefferson
Man this channel has come a long way. I've been watching since 7th grade and now I'm a junior in high school.
SOHLA!! So excited!
From Italy
Could you make a 1920s famous dish in Italy?
Yikes..
This is an amazing way to evolve your channel!!!!!!!! It’s like the perfect next step, bring on another well known and loved chef from YouTube, I also love the sweet and awkward hosting energy
"The wheel has COVID? ...topical."
Okay this is amazing, I’ve been smiling this whole episode!! Love the BCU
SOHLAAAAAAAA
Vinny was the first jump ship to babish, now sohla is in. I wonder how many BA members are going to join the BCU
In Austria we call this Käsespätzle
Using the tiny whisk as mic would have been awesome ;)
i could not be more thrilled by this development
Loved any video of BA that Sohla was in, even more stoked to see her as part of the BCU. :) Can't wait to see more.
Macaroni was definitely a thing back in 18th century, and Baked Macaroni was a popular dish among our founding fathers.
This is awesome!!!!
Sohla: makes 18th century mac and cheese Austrian Oma cooking Käsespätzle: am I a joke to you
welcome to ren-fair renni cooking, sohla
glad to see sohla!!
Omg thought this was Bon Appetit in my feed
MORE MORE MORE
2:30 bruh but people back then didn't die young in the 18th century (barring child related disease, be that infant or mother). America's founding fathers were old af. I find it interesting what modern people think of their foremothers and forefathers. They weren't stupid lol.  Thank you for coming to my Ted Talk
Love this!!!! We need more lol
My Southern german granny is sobbing at those spätzle, but she gives it 5/10 for trying!
Welp, seems like someone just sold their channel. Hopefully this won't end up like Smosh and Defy Media
I'm here for Queen Sohla!!!
I love Sohla so much! I’m so happy to see she’s being valued the way she should be!
For some reason, the whole time I thought she was supposed to make grilled cheese lol.
Cap babish is great
Everyone here getting Babish ranch ads and here I am getting ads for The Botanist
I'm really hoping it comes up convenience store for something absurdly complex or large.
Sohla remains unstumpable.
The whole video I was thinking "how would Adam have done it"
I LOVE THIS!!! 😍😍😍
Get brad and claire and we are all set
Yessss! Love it!
Yall lost a big chance to name it BBC
Baffle Babish should be the challenge name for Andrew
woooo Sohla c:
god i love her!! this is such a good crossover
Babish this is the best move you've ever made. So excited to see this grow
I got a ranch ad with you in It
Crossover with TastingHistory when?
The thing is though that I imagine a chef would have some help to prepare a dish even then haha
Man baby babs is winning big time off the bon appetit ordeal
This will be absolutely amazing!
Yay! I've missed Sohla!
So happy to see Sohla again! Curious who else might of joined the group cause Babish made it seem like it might be more than her who joined. But this was great! Cant wait for more!
This is the greatest turn of events. I'm thrilled to know where she landed!
hell yes
Congrats!  Really liked the new show, especially after the BA incident.  Great personalities, good content and a lot of entertainment.  Keep the good work up!
Okay. Trying new things good. But why am I watching her pretend to think she can make a fire with rocks?
...
I love watching sohla. Glad to see Babish bringing these guys over from BA.
IM SO HAPPY 🥰🥺
10/10 would watch again! Sola has me dying with kaughter😂
OMG!! I love that Sohla joined the team!!! I'm so excited!! Yay!!
Andrew, we appreciate you a lot and will continue doing so till you don’t make videos anymore. I cannot imagine how stressful it is making 2-3 videos a week that are entertaining as f*ck and keep doing so. We love u bro
Yes.  Just absolutely yes to all of this.
This is epic!
I love her and Hawa. I'm so happy to see her here 🥺🥰
she’s so talented !!!!
Basics with babish: get someone else to create the content 😉  Basics with babish: cooking with arson
Honestly doing that in 5 hours is incredibly impressive
Literally the best cooking entertainment video I've seen in months. I mean I love babish but omg sohlae
cute
Sohla is so awesome! Her personality is so sweet. I loved watching her in BA. I'm glad to see her getting the recognition she deserves. To quote Brad Leone: Great job Babi!
sohla made me subscribe to this channel again :)
Andrew in cutoffs and a v neck gave me strong high school vibes
I love Sohla, she's so lovely. and it's great to see her here! I was missing her. Just need brad to join and I'll be happy
big yes for me
WOOOOOO!!!!!! This is so awesome!!!!
why'd u change it to bcu? I liked the old name. :(
YES! So glad to see the channel grow in new ways and PUMPED to see Sohla join the team.
Myth: People died young before now. Fact: the reason that we think people died young is because of the high infant mortality rate. Child and infant mortality was 40+% in 1800. If you made it to age 20, there was a good chance you'd live to 60+.
oh yay! I missed Sohla!
That was amazing, I want a taste so baaaad
Enjoyed this immensely
hell YEAAAH !!! I’m so excited to see more of Sohla!!
THE VIRGIN GOURMET MAKES VERSUS THE CHAD STUMP SOHLA
LOVE IT! Not only is it exciting to get a show that features Sohla, but this format is perfect for showcasing her creativity and kitchen/food knowledge. I can't wait for more!
So happy for Sohla, she deserves it ALL! ✨✨✨
I'd like to think there was a bts battle to win Sohla to have her on their channel and Babish was the warrior that won her favor 😂😂
This was a pleasant surprise. 👏🏽
I've missed Sohla!! Yay! Thank you Babish for bringing her on!
Love you Sohla! Great start to something wonderful.
I really like the name change Babish, it's more fitting. 😊
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh m’y faves ❤️
look at that, ol babby giving us what BA never would ♥
When we said that we wanted Sohla to have her own show, this isn’t what we had in mind.  Actually, this is better than we had in mind. Way, way better.
Okay. I love this
Epic
sohla looks like coconut head from neds declassified school survival guide lol
ok bon apetit can go away now, we've salvaged sohla!
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died” I want to live my life by that philosophy.
i dunnow why it makes me happy how Sohla says Spätzle.
Mmmm~ this look sooooo friggin good
mac unfortunately is a 20th century invention according to my google research:/
You should do a collaboration with @jastownsendandson, they make videos about cooking in the 18th century.
Loved this wouldn’t even be able to tell it was a first episode had not been the intro everything was smooth
Sohla POGGIES
Look up Townsend's YouTube channel...
Thats not mac & cheese, thats Käsespätzle.
I thought this was a Townsend and sons video lol
Sohla!! Start a youtube channel, girl, we love you!
Dude this looks really good.
I love this.
Love Sohla :) So glad she found a home here :) Babish is about to take over :) More random smiley faces :) Yay smiley faces :) Yay Sohla :)
I'm so so so so so so so happy I get to see sohla again! She was my favourite person at BA, so I'm super glad she found a place that really respects her skills!
Fine you win I'll finally subscribe guhhhhhh..... You're lucky it's simptember and my sohla reserves are low.
BCU is the shittest name change ever. 50% of your brand was Binging.  From a marketing perspetctive, it is incredibly stupid. So disappointed.
Bon Appétit couldn't do it, so Babish did! This is amazing!
YEAHHHHHHH SOHLA!  now get other BA folks :D
IM SO HAPPY FOR SOHLA AND THIS CHANNEL'S FUTURE!!!!
SOHLA?!?!?!??
SO.PRECIOUS
I love this channel and I love Sohla and I'm overwhelmed by this venture. Thank you 😭
Broke: MCU Woke: BCU
YAYY SOHLA!!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then just died"
OK but this is already so problematic for so many reasons.  Can we sue on sola's behalf?  Why is a BIPOC commanded to make spaetzel by a WHITE MAN????  BCU=Canceled!!
I see Sohla, I subscribe.
Did binging with babish just became the new bon appetite?
Ready to tell people “I was subscribed back when it was ‘Binging with Babish’”
NOT THE JORTS
Perfect video to end the weekday ❤️ Thank you for having Sohla here!
Someone can't say spätzle
Fucking hell!!!! i had to sit down for this one....
Babish, you should put a few bags of Pea Gravel at the bottom of your Fire Pit to prevent any further concrete explosions... No River Rock! That explodes too! The Pea Gravel will help insulate the concrete from direct heat, and will allow for easy drainage after rain
Yeah the original is called kässpatzen  And it comes from germany
Utterly fantastic and cheesy in the best ways. Great job gang
I had to fast forward a lot. I didn’t like her on BA and still don’t. There’s this tinge of arrogance that just rubs me wrong. Go find Brad, he’s way better. And he didn’t destroy an entire company because of his arrogance.
SOLAH!!!!!!!  OH HOW I'VE MISSED HER!!!!                    Woooowwwww.  I'm turning my ad blocker off for this!
Hope The BCU treats Sohla better than America's Test Kitchen
This is brilliant and I want more immediately! <3 Sohla!
ow ow owwwwww Sohla!!
They totally had denim already, for a few centuries at least! You could have rocked your denim skirt/apron/ whatever. Corduroy on the other hand, if you were rich enough to afford that you wouldn't have been making your own mac and cheese.
Sohla is so fucking wholesome :') I just wanna give her a hug
Excellent to see Sohla has joined the team!
It takes a lot to make me feel things these days, but when I opened youtube and saw this, I literally started pumping my fists and chanting "BCU! BCU!" This is awesome, and I'm so excited for more Sohla!
Hey Banish, never commented before but I gotta say I'm really happy for your success. Big fan, big fan.. relax with the gimmicks though if ya ask me 🙂
SOHLA!
Holy shit what a power play from Babish, 10mil here we come baby!!!
YO, IMAGINE BINGING W/ BABISH AND TOWNSENDS. I'LL GO FLIPPING WILD!
"Did they have Mac and Cheese in the 18th Century??" The Third President of America Thomas Jefferson the guy who invented the Mac and Cheese:Am i a joke to you.
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" Sohla is so inspiring.
Where are Townsend's when you need them :p
LOL What a fun video. Shout out to Townsend and Tasting History if you like seeing some ancient recipes :P
WOO! I love Sohla! And has it really been 5 years? Damn.
This is great! We miss Sohla ever since the "you know who" channel decided to be dingdongs.
Almost funny the way she talked about "Käsespätzle" (=cheese spaetzle) like its not a totaly normal, traditional dish in germany. :D
The content we need
Love the new show, host, challenge. this is how you are creative, can't wait to see what's next
I made Mac and cheese with cut up hot dogs while watching this, so I'm a bit of a chef myself.
Now make a 21st century schizoid man
I am so happy this is happening. Thanks Babish and Sohla for making this happen.
Great concept & so happy for Sohla. Not sure about the name change though.
I LOVE YOU SOHLA
Sohla is an amazing fit for the BCU!
i love this. sohla is awesome
People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died?  Where did we go wrong. How did we go from that to this tortured existence of not eating all the cheese we want and not dying?
Finally we are giving Sohla what she deserves!!! I love it!!!
It would be awesome if they invited Jas. Townsend on this one too.
Greatest episode ever
Welcome Sohla!! We missed you!
18th century people: Our men have returned from war lets make largest mav and cheese 21st century people pretending to be in 18th century : Somebody pls helmp milk lid not opening
Good change, with the name. You are much to serious to be called "binging" anything. Just name it "Alex...", then we are home.
bruh nice
Sohla!!!!!!!!
YES SOHLA
ah! So excited!
there are tiny whisks in his coat pocket I-
The way she jerked when the wheel appeared was pretty convincing😂. Nicely done!
this is so cool, super excited to see where the BCU goes from here!
Dog the new series. Though I do like the original channel name better. This won't affect me watching every episode lol, just worth mentioning.
my queen ✨🙌🏻😍
Your concrete wasn't settled correctly and it had a bunch of air pockets in it.
Another way to make spaetzel is to put the doing on a flat sided cheese grater and spread it back and forth over a pan. The family spaetzel maker is a cheese grater and a half of a can lid stuck on a wooden handle
SoHla deserves so much she has been working her ass off for years. So happy to see this collab
How do I double sub?
This makes me extremely happy.
wonderful! great concept for a show and great way to use sohla's considerable talents
As cheesy as Sohla's Spätzle Mac and cheese was, it wasn't the cheesiest thing in this episode. That prize would have to go to Andrew's Gameshow host suit. Great job guys and congrats! I can't wait for more episodes!
This is literally Käsespätzle. A staple of the German speaking part of the Alps.
A million thumbs up to this! Love Sohla!
This is amazing.
OMG OMG OMG this is the best. thing. ever... I am not sure why this is making me act like a giddy child but it is.   So happy to see Sohla.  Nice work!!!
Really enjoyed this, she's great
QUEEN SOHLA!!!!!!
What lipstick do u use
Haven't even gotten to the cooking yet but the way this is filmed is very fun and charming, super excited for this series!
i love the hanna barbera-esque design on the wheel.
😍
No , I want bingingg
SOHLA 🥰💓💖💗
change name back
you do realize they had lighters in the later half of the  18th century........
wooooooooooooooooooooooooo nice!
UGH i will never understand this obsession with Sohla, she has zero personality and negative charisma, she's so off-putting to watch
This is legitimately fuckin' delightful.  Excellent work, all, especially Sohla.
Loving the new show ❤❤❤ ... Can't wait for the next episode ...
This is amazing!!!!!!! Hi Sohla!!!!!!
THIS IS SO GREAT!!! Thank you for bringing Sohla on! I’m so excited!
Love this!
Excited for more!
It’s been awhile since I’ve wanted to click on a Babish video, thank you Sohla for the breath of life 💛
All of this makes me so happy! I think she is the perfect person to start expanding the universe with! I also feel her whole range of skills will actually be showcased here!
He should just get everyone from ba
So excited to see Sohla! and you started with my favorite topic (historical cooking) excited for this show
Looks like Babish is supporting racists, so I won't be supporting Babish anymore. Goodbye.
Andrew thank god you gave Sohla a platform.  She was always my favorite on Bon Apetit and with all the backlash I thought we weren't going to get Sohla content ever again.  You've really given her a space to shine after all the bullshit and I'm so glad.  Sohla thank god you're back <3
God the bloopers "The wheel is home sick. The wheel has COVID?? Topical."
Coming after the Townsends a bit with this one. Congrats on the empire expansion. Huge hire with Sohla
Hol' up
The add of yourself made me laugh. I did t expect it lol
Host babish has the same energy as ted danson on the good place
This is C U T E omg
This is not at all what I was expecting....but I love this. Just the particular flavor of ridiculous that 2020 needs. Thank you for whatever corner of your twisted mind this came from, Andrew, and welcome Sohla!
This... Nothing could make me happier than this. Thank you, i did not know i needed this, but i did. Sooooooohlaaa <3
HOLY SHIT YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH
Dora the explorer needs to go
this is fan-tastic.
He went from being Bobby Flay to Alton Brown really quickly. His next evolution must be Guy Fierri.
this is great!! sohla did amazing my mouth was like a waterfall, lmao.
Hate this series
Something in the way she said "what a fun life huh?" was very Brad to me 6:02
Awesomeness!
This is absolutely wonderful news and a great concept!
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died." I have so missed this woman's virtual presence in my life 😭😭😭
Fun fact concrete explodes under heat from the tiny water and air bubbles trapped inside during the mixing process. Probably... Fuck knows
They cared a great deal about what they ate in regards to health. You weren’t supposed to eat too much salad, for example, as it possesses cold qualities and you’d end up with a... cold! But it was recommended if you had a fever, and needed to be more cold. Child mortality was high, but for  the people who grew older, it wasn’t unusual to reach 70s/80s etc. They didn’t have much more sheep’s milk than cows milk. I guess it depended on the country, but in Denmark cows and butter are mentioned frequently in documents from very early on. Also no, not medieval.
I see 18th century cooking, I thought y’all would be collabing with Townsends.
Sohla it's great seeing you regularly again! Good job Babish
this is literally the best thing to come out from 2020 😭💖
YASS
For some reason, this reminds me of a Jon Tron Episode.
Is the wheel's flapper a rubber spatula you beautiful pos???
the death of boner ape tit is going to get us even more great content across a wider range of channels and I for one am super happy about that.
Yes she's very awesome hope for a prosperous life.
yes quuen sohla!!!! fuck BA
I love Sohla and the editing!!
hey look Dora is back
I have only watched exactly 1min and 31 sec of this episode and I am already soooooooo into it, I'm soooo glad this is happening!!!!!
YES SOHLA GETS WHAT SHE DESERVES
How is nobody talking about what a great ally Andrew is. Sohla was so mistreated in her past job and I highly doubt didn’t face high alienation and criticism in that community. A public figure like banish showing his prominent support for a WOC is amazing. Big ups to both of y’all.
18th Century Mac and Cheese, or as your average Austrian would say: Kasspatzln
Sohla is getting her own show? Hell to the yeah. One of the best people from bon appetit
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died" sounds like my kinda time period!
Haven't even watched yet but I am SO EXCITED!! Thanks so much for giving Sohla a show she deserves!
binging with the universe
So how long until Brad gets kidnapped to work here?
Love the new series
What is this, buzzfeed?...
@Townsends looks like you got some competition over here 😁
Sohla all the way 💯💯🙌🏾
these 18th century challenges would be a great Townsend / Michael Twitty crossover!!
Right now, Arthur Morgan is wondering where his cooking pot and stand went...
RIP binging with babish
The first episode of Binging with Babish under the BCU had better be Frasier related
Not cooking related but apron related. Denim dates back to the 1500s (ish, we're actually really not sure) and corduroy is definitely around by the 1700s. So now we're going to need to drag Bernadette Banner into this as well. Let's just get all my YouTube faves in one place....
“Make it sad” “serve on FIRE” “beat babish” — excited for this wheel
So so so so so excited to see this!!! Yes Sohla! Yea Andrew! Whoop hoooo!
thomas jefferson was a big fan of macaroni and cheese, which disgusted other members of congress circa 1790
If you ever do an 18th or historical episode again try and get Townsends on! They are a period cooking channel where they make recipes from the 18th & 19th century!
2 minutes in and I love this!
This man is a God damn king wtf
Im subbing because of Sohla
tiny hwhisk
This is some marvel universe sounding shih
The editing was perfect !!
now when's the collaboration with john townsend, where babish (or sohla) gets to recreate weird colonial recipes
Get more from BA! Poach the talent like an Egg! I will watch every single video!
I'll be very, very judgemental of Sohla's cooking skills.  But I'm against being an asshole and making people feel bad.  So I'll be silently judging from the dark corner of the room in anticipation of every episode.   So far:  Not bad.
I love the idea of this show! And this episode is great! I would love if you continued this series!
This episode is yet another piece of evidence that Sohla's creativity and talent is unmatched. So happy for you, Sohla!!!
Collab with James Townsend when?
I am so unbelievably happy to have you both on the same channel!!!!!
This is so good! So glad Sohla finally got a show, she deserves it.
I'm so incredibly excited to see more of Sohla and more of this!
i got an ad for babish and hidden valley right before this video. absolutely baller, congrats andrew on everything!!!
i'm LOVING the yellowware bowl that Sohla is using! typically seen earlier than the 18th century, but historically accurate! -your neighborhood archaeologist
This is the most ambitious crossover in history
BCU, yeeaaaaaaah boi
fuck it, i subbed just for Sohla. How the hell did he manage to get her lol
FUCK yes. This slaps so fucking hard. PLEASE get Sohla a full on show, this shit rocks.
Sohla AND Babish? I finally smashed that join button.
- 18th century  - “feels so medieval”  stop! You violated the law
I know BA are saltyyyyyyy
Who would dislike this!??
fucking love this so much KEEP THIS UP MAN ALL THE SUPPORT COMING
Omg yasss I’m so excited.
SOHLA REMAINS THE GOAT!
1800's folks looooooove'd nutmeg. In my humble opinion, that pasta needed nutmeg. Everything needs nutmeg. And it would have been authentic! (I didn't see any seasoning happen but I assumed salt and maybe pepper went in). All in all fun and fascinating to watch!
Sohla is a good person to have in the universe
Babish is taking his first step in his culinary conglomerate corporation
This the drama? 🤔
Petition for Babish to just adopt all the good BA staff.
OMG I LOVE HER!!! YAY!
Mac and Cheese definitely existed in the 18th century. It's the reason Yankee Doodle stuck a feather in his hat and called it macaroni (in a sort of convoluted way).
SOOOOHLA!!!! 🎉🎉🎉
I’m not a fan of the name change, however, the cones is pretty cool. So long as we still have normals videos I’m fine with this
This makes me so happy!!!! Love seeing Sohla and the expansion of the BCU!!!
Wow, just when I thought this channel couldn't get any better you bring everyone's favorite, Sohla, to it and give her own show! Amazing.
3:03 that point where you start to  wonder how the hell anything ever catches fire by accident when it's so hard to do on purpose.
Omfggggg y'all really did it???? Yes yes I'm so pumped. I'll never miss an ep 🤩
I don’t think I’ve ever seen banish in a suit before. It’s weird
käsespätzle
I love how game she was to do this! Really funny.
i love this i wish brad and claire join as well
I love this! I wouldn't mind a slightly longer format to allow Sohla to walk us through what she is doing a bit more. Your usual videos have a perfect balance of entertainment and education that I think would fit so nicely in the new series! Can't wait to catch the next episode.
Looking forward to the next video! :)
So great.  love the updates and wonderful addition of Sohla!  Great first episode of the new series.
Yay, Sohla!!! Happy to see you here!
What the hell did i watch lmao
Damn... He’s treating Sohla better than Bon Appetit LOL
Babish literally made an expanded chef universe, LETS GOOOOOOOO!!!
Did Babish take down Bon Appetit from the inside? Appears on it’s alive, steals vinnie, and now steals sohla. O.o
crossover of the CENTURY. i love sohla so much, this is such a fantastic way for her to get the recognition she deserves.❤
Anyone remember when this was a nice channel about TV  and movie food?
I love everything about this. Congrats on the new show!
Wait.. what? Which channel is this? °_•
I am HERE for this
Unrelated,bt my cat seems to love Sohlas voice
Welcome Sohla! <3
Yaaay Sohla! Thrilled she finally has the show she deserves and the internet needs. Bravo BCU!
I don’t know why their are over 1k dislikes on this video, but come on that is ridiculous. I can’t wait for the next part of this series.
Glad to see Sohla back on Youtube. Thanks Andrew, your awesome, and so is Sohla.
Bring back the og name
RIP, was hoping for Townsends collab.
YEEEEESSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
SOHLAAAAAAA!!!!!! So happy to see you back on YouTube again! You’re a lucky man Babish (I know that’s not ya name 😂😂 just roll with it)
Townsends is disappointed at the lack of nutmeg in this recipe
The ultimate goal is to completely absorb BA until BCU is at the World Trade Center, isn't it? Turn Rap's old office into a speakeasy for the employees.
I love this progression to your channel! The addition of the BCU is amazing congrats to all of you!!!
YYYEYAYYYYY
I love sohla. I don’t know how you became friends but this combo is great
I am 80000% here for this. Two iconic masterminds of food together at last. Congratulations guys on the merger and can't wait for the new content!
I love this😭👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽💕💕
babish if we find out you're not paying her fairly there's gonna be words
I’m crying I’m so happy. I’m so glad you’re back on youtube honey. We love you and are glad that you have returned to us even more powerful 💜
I don’t know if Babish is taking suggestions or not, but if you’re giving NY chefs web shows I think David Seymour should get one!
I love this soo much!!
i love this and i love sohla and i'm excited for the future of bcu
"Because back then they died young" 😂😂😂 laughed so hard. What a great, natural host. Love her, and this.
Let's fucking GO!
This was so fun!!
MORE SOHLA
2020 finally gives us something good
I am so happy about this!! Yes!!!
Stoves were invented in 1740 so the open flame wasn’t necessary but def made for an interesting vid
Oooo that’s good!
Oh Andrew, you have done God’s work by giving Sohla a good platform... After the absolute smouldering dumpster fire of a shit show that was going on BTS of the BAT I am so glad! THANK YOU!  Also Sohla kinda made Käsespätzle. Food of the Gods. Infinitely better than Mac&Cheese.
THE BABISHVERSE IS CONFIRMED
Anyone knows what happened with the concrete? Or the fire and why was it exploding?!
im so damn excited ive missed sohla so much!!!!! ty BCU :)
Damn sohla rocked this😂
This. This is the spotlight Sohla always deserved
This is such a good example of sharing a platform and elevating WOC
Thank goodness, I was worried what she was going to do after the disaster at Bon Appetite. I'm glad I'll be able to continue watching her display her amazing culinary skills.
Woooo love you sohla
OMG I LOVE SOHLA!!!! Here for the new Bon Appetite
I love sohla so much she makes me so happy
Stump Sohla with some chocolate related thing 😁 awesome show ! Loved every minute.
This is the first time I see his lips move and make sound at the same time.... Anyone else?
Wow, I just do not like the new name, I miss binging with babish and I refuse to call this channel anything but.
This is SO good. Sohla's a natural!
I am stupendously excited by this development, it's truly the crossover we need in this troubling time.
YESSS I enjoy this greatly. Thanks Babish for being AMAZING!
Haha!! Oh Sohla! She's gonna lose her eye for our entertainment. xD   So good! Be careful! Dx xoxo
BROOOO this is just too much for me to wake up to. Im so glad Sohla has got a show of her own again! And having two of my favorite content creators on the same channel is amazing
As an historian I take great umbrage with this.  However this is great content and I love everything else about it.  I would say if you could change it from 18th century to "primitive cooking" or similar - where you can only use open fires or something like "Ye Olde" or "historically". Something non-specific so you can keep it very vague with some historical contexts would be much better. Then you're not trying to have it within a specific period of history - which will always catch you out with people who know something about the time period in question.  Other than that I think this is very enjoyable and very promising and I look forward seeing more in the future :D
No offense or hate, but I dislike Sohla. The whole thing with BA just seems like a bad fallout. This only happens when both the parties involved in the agreement are at fault. It really seems fishy whatever happened at BA. BA is a corporation, nothing new, but she ain't no angel either. Suddenly she shows up in multiple food channels. What the heck? Sure she is talented, but talent alone isn't enough to make it in this world.
This is such an amazing video and I’m so pumped for the things to come!! Now I need to get Babish’s cookbook
Cannot wait for more Stump Sohla videos 🥰
I love Sohla, thank you for giving her this platform!
SOHLA IS BACK BABY!
Townsend would of helped you for sure
Channel rebrand _and_ a new series starring Sohla?!  YOOOOOOOOOOO
I remember when he was in his first kitchen and the little table where BB was born
They did say 18th century, right? They didn't mean 400BC or so? I mean, this is awesome and hilarious, but as a member of the SCA I can't help but shake my head at a lot of this. Did you know: They had wood-fired stoves back then?
Hey now, what happened to the 2nd hot dog? Nice to see Sohla smile again.
This is so wholesome! Loved it, congrats on the new show guys! Finally we are getting the much awaited Sohla content
colab with sam the cooking guy
Cool seeing Sohla w/ her own show, but can we not her in danger next time
Finally give Sohla her own show!  A show made to torture her....welp
*townsends has entered the chat*
Hell yea, SOHLA!
"people ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" WHAT A LIFE
Sohla it is the 18th century, not the friggin Middle Ages !!!!!
Great video
Yes Yes Yes! This is the best thing you could've done, and the best gal to do it with! So excited!
Love it!!! Sohla is amazing!!!
So, uh... are the rest of the Bon Apetit orphans joining the BCU?  Because... please do that, it would rock so hard
Sohla  yes !!!!!!!!!  we love you. so glad to see you here. You deserve this show so much.
I LOVE THIS SOO MUCH!
quasi käsespätzle
Babish is evolving, Sohla is getting her due 😭  I'm not crying, you are
FUCK yes!, this is awesome
I appreciate the Bach Bourree. Big 18th century lute energy
18th century mac and cheese: Käsespätzle
Please tell me when Brad comes on board this will become “Babbie’s Cinematic Multiverse”
Sohla looks so out of place ..... but fits the best right here .. <3
can't wait to see the show turns more and more like some sort of eric andre show
THIS MAKES ME SO HAPPY!!! i love Sohla and the fact that she doesnt have to start from scratch her own youtube channel brings me SO much joy!!!!
This was a fun watch. Love concept and will certainly anticipate the next episode!
Next episode: Sohla helps Babish temper chocolate.
So happy to see Sohla again!  Kinda hoping Brad makes an appearance on Babish Culinary Univ.
Always a joy to see Sohla
RIP binging with babish 😪
Sohla!
Where is John Townsend?
Absolutely love this, honestly it would be even better twice as long. Think of all the other amazing things like making tiny cakes in walnuts shells that we don't know about because it got edited out lol.
Hope she's getting paid this time ;)
you were missed Sohla
First episode of BCU and they try to assassinate Sohla with a firepit.
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died" well, solid history lesson here 😂
Barilla was founded in 1877, Kraft in 1980.   "The first modern recipe for macaroni and cheese was included in Elizabeth Raffald's 1770 book, The Experienced English Housekeeper. Raffald's recipe is for a Béchamel sauce with cheddar cheese—a Mornay sauce in French cooking—which is mixed with macaroni, sprinkled with Parmesan, and baked until bubbly and golden."  There, those are things you now know.
I am apart of BCU
This is a great idea. I look forward to the next episode. We need more Stump Sohla
For future reference Andrew, the exploding concrete was probably a result of a lot of water saturated in the bottom of the pit. In future a cover should be used to prevent this, can't wait to see more from sohla!
Am I the only one that’s not a huuuge fan of bwb turning into bon apetit?
LETS GOOOOOOO
The shuffle offscreen was perfect.
This was brilliant!!!
This is incredible! Go Sohla!
So glad Sohla found a home on the internet! Seems like Babish will be a great fit
She seems like the kindest person in the world tbh
The acting skills of Sohla in the beginning?? Impeccable, what can she not do! Give her an emmy now
TODAY B.A. STANDS FOR BABISH.
Hire the absolute crap out of Claire and Brad
We need to get him on tv
This is a fever dream.
This kinda isn't great. It's really overproduced and doesn't have the personal feel that your other videos do.
I'm still calling the show Binging with Babish
Just the wholesome content I needed 🥰
YYYEEESSSSS
i love you so much for this
New Sohla show. This nearly redeems 2020
I will forever miss Binging with Babish.
what happens to the outdoor patio..... when it rains?
What an utter dissapointment. Is this Sohla type intended to be a comedic release, or what. Utter amateurship from start to beginning. Where is the Babish I used to watch?
I’m so glad to see Sohla
I'm so excited for this growth!
This is everything I could have wished for
YES! She deserves this!!!
LOVE
It just keeps getting better.
Congrats on your success and those shiny glasses
Traveling to Italy was very popular among wealthy and/or aristocratic university students—particularly those from Great Britain—in the 18th Century. They would travel to Italy and study art and architecture with keen interest in classical antiquity: this is at least partially where neoclassical architecture has its roots. Upon returning home from their travels, these men would often have adopted dandyish fashion and manners of speech acquired abroad and desire to eat the same foods they enjoyed on the continent: macaroni among them. These people came to be known derisively as "macaronis."
I LOVE SOHLA!!!!<3
Eat all the cheese you want and die.  Big mood.
This is amazing! She is the freakin best ❤️
The "make it sad" option in the wheel looks interesting
Binging with Sohla! Great episode.
YES! I’m so excited to see all the awesomeness that is Sohla valued elsewhere.
pocket whisks
After all this time, I now finally subscribe. Gotta support Babish expanding, and of course Sohla.
This was great! I loved seeing her get in there and be like yeah! ima do this! idk how it will turn out but who cares?!
So, where's the recipe??
I LOVE YOU SOHLA <3 im so happy i get to see you still!!!
Broooo ima forever look up binging with babish lol
This concept makes me so happy. Long live the BCU.
So excited! Can't wait for the next episode. She is so awesome
I got so confused when I saw the change to the name of the channel.
Yessssss I've never been happier
Yo is my man Babish eating 18th century mac and cheese with The Spear of Longinus?
RIP Bon Appetit. Lets go Sohla!
THIS IS EPIC!
So glad to see so Sohla back on YouTube! Can you get Brad too?
Y'all should collaborate with Townsends if 18th century cooking is going to be a recurring challenge.
I was already on board but the instant the game show started I got SO EXCITED
i love sohla i love this
That came out looking delicious.
It seems like a little name change but the entire channel is changing i'm just not ready for that
Awesome concept for a show can't wait to see the future episodes
Is the BCU BA but better?
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat until they died"  the dream
Sohla congrats! So happy you have your show now!!
huge fan of the new stuff. loveing seeing sohla again, go BCU.
Sohla !!
Babish going after the MCU. Careful Disney hes coming for you. Also Sohla is absolutley the perfect person to throw crazy cooking challenges at. Shes pretty creative
I am so excited!! I’ve missed her so much and I love you
I like this series already
love this and love what you're doing! would've loved to see more in this debut episode, but i know it must have been tough with 5 hours of process footage.
Rest in peace ~ _"Binging with Babish"_
YAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYYYY SOHLAAAA
Thank you!!!
YESSS WE LOVE HER!!!!
I fucking love sohla this is awesome!
Sohla!  🥺😁
What an awesome moment! What an awesome addition! Welcome to the madness, we are so very glad you are here.
This is amazing, Babish is amazing, Sohla is amazing, the BCU is amazing. I can't wait to see how big the BCU becomes.
Hell yeah
Yes yes and more yes love sojla. I hope this channel grows into something even more amazing
I think the "early Mac and cheese" are supposed to be Käsespätzle (cheese Spätzle). Käsespätzle are incredibly delicious and still around in southern Germany.
MCU: We're the best in business! BCU: Hold our Botanist.
The Babishverse Expands.
Cool idea! I enjoyed the process. Sohla is super sweet. Nice addition!
I guess technically a Käsespätzle. Although the german usually add union, but the name literally means späzle with cheese.
Woah woah woah woah.. With the name change and having this new series, it really feels like he's creating his own version of Bon Appetit.. just without the racism and exploitation. That would be amazing!
This was so cool! Its crazy to know how many hours probably went into this to only be some minutes long lol congrats and I can't wait for more
i am SO excited for this series!
My level of excitement is IMMENSE.
it's sad, she doesn't seem happy like in the test kitchen
She's awesome, I thoroughly enjoyed this. Ooh, huh, huh? You don't care 🤣
I hope this is a joke...
I hate how she pronounces spätzle
I LOVE this new series.......I Love Sohla and the music as well.....Nice one Babish
So happy Sohla landed here after all the drama at BA. It was a great first episode!
I will follow Sohla’s amazing content anywhere, congrats on the new show!! I want to make this ASAP
Where's Jon Townsend and why no nutmeg?
Yay Sohla!
Sohla is absolutely adorable...I love it.
You two are awesome, huge respect to you both.  And, the world needs a lot more of Sohla, she is the best.
Very cute. *Wheel shuffles away*
Dope
Mac and Cheese was a thing in the 18th century, as Thomas Jefferson could famously attest.
Yay! I love Sohla! This challenge has me wondering about 18th Century cooking. I bet those cooks had some serious guns.
you had me at " 18th Century Mac & Cheese "  this about to be lit af !!
When people hear I like old recipes   they don't realize how old
This is not what I had in mind when I and many others suggested Sohla get her own YT channel, but this is probably even better.
Yes so happy to see Sohla!!
I LOVE THIS!! So excited for this series!! Good job, Sohla! I'm so proud.
What happened to the sausages? Were they a snack? 😂
Sohla: I use to make fires in little holes I would dig, then I would use walnut shells to make tiny rice and other stuff.  Me: Yes, she will be a fine addition to the channel.
Dora really hasn’t changed much
“the wheel has COVID? topical.”
I think Babish likes Mac And Cheese
this is the 2020 good news thing we needed thank you so much
Oh my gosh it’s cheese spaetzel my little Austrian heart is so happy 🥺
Omg. So grateful this show exists. Looking forward to all the fun!!!!!!!!
loved this shes amazing
YES SOHLA I love this
Me  -  clicking on video after seeing ig post not noticing anything extremely abnormal. Me  -  notices new channel name - "what the f*k!!!!"
I have never been this excited for a video in my life
We love you Sohla <3
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and just died"
OOH BABY I LOVE MAH CHEESE
She has only worked to make Babish even more essential a watch!!! Love this!!
Im glad babish is creating a business that can function without him so he can just chill and pass it down to his kids eventually but i wanna see more of him
Get brad plz🥺🥺🥺
Tremendous!!
Fuck yes, I appreciate you so greatly for starring sohla, she deserves all the recognition she can get
I love this new addition!! Keep the stumps coming!! LOL
SOHLAAAAAAAA
Why you fkn change the yt name dude I loved the old name it had ring to it
Put like even before I even watched. Support individuals not corporations
I am so excited for this!
Love the new name!
Thank you for giving Sohla a platform! So excited to see her on this channel!
Disney: The MCU is the best connected univrse ever. Me, an intellectual: ...
Really hoping this brings in James Townsend eventually
3:18 the absurdity of Sohla starting a fire by banging two rocks together over some twigs while an apple watch is on her arm perfectly encapsulates 2020
Thank you so so much ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
"i'm gonna use a lot of cheese because back then they died young" sohla is an absolute gem!
I love this! Andrew you're awesome and Sohla is the best. Winning formula
you just ate all the cheese you want and then you died... is this not my life
Sohla ❤️❤️❤️ Babish❤️❤️❤️ Great move to the future!
Love the new name, love the new show, love the look of that mac'n'cheese. This whole episode made me happy
Thank you for giving our girl the spotlight she deserves <3
this news just made 2020 worth going through :)))))))))
Yayyyy her own show!!  Half expected Townsend to show up.
Ha ha love your videos there quality and i think the eye shadow (antiglare) on your intro really suits you
Yyyyeeeeesssss S0LAH I love youuuu
This is amazing.
I am here for this! Can’t wait to see more episodes
Frayed. Jean. Shorts.
Please nobody ever use that mic like that😂
Popular opinion: Sohla is awesome. ❤
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESS
thank you so much for this.
LETS GOOOO
absolutely love this!!!!
As the video starts i just need to say: no nutmeg = automatic fail.
Pronunciations 😩🙌
its a german classic KÄSESPÄTZLE ^^
Sohla was never this happy on Bon Appetit so maybe this is the best timeline
Did Babish just absorb Bon Appétit cast and production crew? This all seems very familiar. 😅 Not that that's a bad thing! 🤭
LOVE LOVE LOVE the new show!!!!
why she look like a japanese mexican but she is 100% on both
The classical music was also a nice touch
Name change sucks, think we’re starting to loose sight of what made your channel so special. See you on the food channel in a year, nice generic and soulless.
this is amazing!!!! congratulations on all your success dude, you guys deserve every bit of it! i’m so glad to see sohla again!!!!!
YES!  if you could just go ahead and adopt the rest of the BA Test Kitchen now, that'd be great :)
This is the greatest crossover in history. Can't wait for more
YES
Bon Apetit had no idea what they threw away. Sohla is a treasure and Babish is a smart man for working with for. instant like
“There’s a wheel?”
Andrew and Sohla. Fuck yeah!
Never heard of Sohla before, she seems pretty cool, enjoyed the show quite a lot
I cannot express how happy it makes me to see Sohla with her own show, she has such a big personality and I'm glad she's gotten this opportunity to show it off!
This video single handedly increased the world's strategic serotonin reserve by 142%
Sohla's the best!
I'm so happy Sohla is still making content
I openly laughed when he said "BCU"
Love this move man. So good to see Sohla infront the camera again.
Sohla seems so much more happy here than ever on BA.
I love this for both of you, but my good Judy didnt want to just make her own channel?
mmm mmmm.Just the way the prophet Jopesh Smith made it! delightful!
I love it, keep it up!!
Things I like, this video
Given that Halloween starts in September, can we rig the wheel so it lands on "make it scary" for the forseeable future?
I had to pause the video to scream bc i'm SO EXCITED this is INCREDIBLE
I’m concerned about that fire pit. Like how did the person who put it in fuck up so bad that the concrete started exploding?!
Why do you look like my girlfriend
Never manages to disappoint..I really love this channel. I watched a lot of the videos as entertainment..not just to learn. Always awesome-est content. Keep it up
OMG so excited!!!!
I don't wanna spoil this series for anyone but after that performance I don't think we're gonna be able to stump Sohla
Waaaaiit I just saw an Ad for ranch with you in it????
ITs so good to see you doing this to somebody this deserving. Sohla is such a good entertainer! THIS WAS A GREAT MOVE! SO EXCITED TO SEE HER AGAIN!!!
While I was really interested to watch Sohla reasoning out something likely based on her existing knowledge, I'm really, really sad for the lost opportunity for doing some research and comparing that at the end to _actual recipes used in the 18th century._
Excellent new show, excited for more!
I think this would be so much better if it was just Babish with a wig.
Babish is seizing the means of production
I love Sohla this is so awesome. I am excited to see this series.
This excites me greatly
I’m so happy to see Sohla again but I’m even happier to see her working with Andrew! Can’t wait to see more or this show.
[Laughs in Townsend & Sons]
This is why I love this channel! Welcome Sohla❤❤
Not enough nutmeg for 18th century cooking
Fitting a Gordon Ramsay Masterclass ad during the technical difficulties break, noiice
I love her
My god this is amazing.  This is a show we do not deserve, but Sohla definitely does!
don't know how to cook, but i love this channel
I'm so glad that Sohla joined!!! That's awesome! Stump Sohla is a great concept, and really shows off Sohla's skills in the kitchen. I was already a huge fan of Binging with Babish, but I love that it's evolving into something greater! Just top notch all around, great decision making, great show, great people, great food, just great!
Yes!!!! I'm so happy we still get Sohla content AND that it's with Babish!!!!!!!!!!
You know that TikTok sound that’s like “I’m so excited!!! So excited!!” that’s me right now
Hurray Sohla!
Sohla is great. Glad to see her on youtube again!
Babish is becoming what Bon apatite failed to do.
Why not call the channel "Babish"?
Nutmeg.
Why is Townsends not part of this?
Yaaaassss!! Brad next!
2:35  "People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died"  Me doing that in 21st century....
Hell yeah Sohla
FUCK YES WE LOVE SOHLA
they borrowed your style but you stole their heart...
yes! I love her!!
BA/CN video couldn't even release a new video out before someone else gave Sohla a show and released it. 😆
Omg!!!!!!
knowing about sohla’s talent, i can’t wait til the wheel lands on illusion.
Savoring the flavors and the aromas of the 18th century I see. Jon Townsend would be proud
we call this Käsespätzle in austria 🇦🇹 and it’s freaking amazing 🤩
Good to see Sohla back on YouTube!
Oh hell yeah.
Amazing, can't wait to see how this evolves, good luck Sohla
Damn it Andrew.... I lost BA because of her, now I lose you...
Sohla's OWN SHOW WITH BABBY  POG! POG! POG! POG! POG POG!
I mean I thought she was heckin' cute in the first video with her, so having her on here with her own part is gonna be good, already starting off well.
when bon appetit videos (rightfully) died, i felt lost, like i didn't know what to do with my life; how could i survive quarantine without sohla's witty banter, cleverness, and adorable demeanor? today, i feel revitalized, recharged, able to live again knowing that i will be able to continue watching sohla. i feel like sohla's my long lost aunt that was Too Edgy and Cool for family reunions, and once i turned 18 I said goodbye to my conservative family and joined my lovely aunt sohla on her journey to dismantle racial inequality through tiny walnut-shell bowls of rice. i love you sohla, i can't wait to see you again.
This is great
Aight, when is brad getting his show. We know it's coming and breaking the internet babby!
Make it sad :(
Loved sohla and I love your show  Maybe she could do a voice over like you do cuz it keeps it a bit different from ba which kinda got boring after a while  Still very exciting tho
Atleast Sohla is different from babish Binging with babish guy: *let's start by making our own wheat*
"people are a lot of cheese and died" Didn't know her before, love her now!
❤️
Is good to see happiness in this man's eyes
Needs babish (or sohla) voiceover for that classic intimate babish feel!
get ramsay on the show  :P
Sohla is such an icon, HAVE YOU SEEN HER TEMPER CHOCOLATE??
Missed you Sohla! So glad you’re part of the universe!
Sohla's awesome. Making 18th century style mac and cheese is no easy task, but she did good! The rebrand was unexpected, but welcome!
I love it. Engagement woo
Now this is the kind of unexpected spinoff I subscribed for!
Yesssssssssssssssssssss Sohlaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
First good news in 2020
This reminds me of this one time I was at my friend's RV with a bunch of friends and they had set up this fire pit thing on the concrete. Everything was fine, we were all having a good time. I remember going into the RV for something and all of a sudden I hear this LOUD boom, I had thought a bomb had gone off.. I go outside and everyone was fazed, the fire pit stuff was overturned, the fire was put out somehow. We googled the issue and turns out you don't want to put a fire on concrete. You learn something new everyday XD
People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died.
what a fantastic idea for a show ohmygod, cant wait to see how this takes off
The covid joke at the end was way funnier than it had any right to be. God dammit
YESSSSSS!
This literally just brought me back to YouTube! Amazing way to step it up!
THIS IS SO GREAT!!!!
I’ve been keeping my eye out for more Sohla content! Ya done good, BCU.
This was awesome! Great acting when asking her questions with the wheel and all it was hilarious!! Cant wait for next episode
So happy to be seeing sohla again!! EE
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died." I love Sohla.
You might as well hire the whole BA test kitchen.
HELL YEAH SOHLA IS HERE
Sohla:  "I have two rocks." All the Survivalists:  "Oh, you dear sweet summer child.."
This makes me happy
Honestly love the idea of Sohla getting her own show, she's definitely talented and charismatic enough to carry one. I'm glad that Babish is expanding too, he deserves all of his success.  Also, slight (maybe) nitpick, but the music from about 3:00 onwards sounds vaguely mediaeval? But isn't the 18th century firmly in the modern era?
Nah BABI you got the alchemist on your team
I love that Andrew was like “if Bon Appetit won’t pay you what you’re worth, I will”
What’s wrong with her arm skin?
Really excited to see all the new content that is to come and for your brand and team to grow!
It would be nice if It's Alive and Gourmet Makes get to be  revived here too 🤞🤞
Everyone's making mac and cheese!! What's going on?
This new show is everything I didn't know I needed.
"ppl ate all the cheese they wanted and died"  now im waiting for mcd to come up with an 18th century menu with only cheesy items.
it’s pronounced SHPAT-ZLEY lol
This is wholly unexpected and wholly needed. Thanks Babish crew!
Good to see Sohla. Welcome!
Already two minutes in and I love it already 😂💖💖 I can tell this is gonna be good 👌
Stay in the Show, Babish
"the wheel has covid? Topical"
I think that Townsends would like to see this.
LEGENDARY
I fuck w this heavy
Love itttt
Think Brad Leone would be a GREAT to have on the team as well.
You should do something like this but with Townsends as well!
i like the premise gimme more sohla please
Ok it's fun and all, but this is as undocumented and prepared as it gets ! I mean they had matches in the 18th century ! She looks like she is having fun doing things at random so it's fun to watch so I guess it's all that matters.
Let’s goooo
I will also watch these with enthusiasm.
cringe as fuck and I loved every moment of it
Bruh I thought this was a Townsends video.
OHHHH THE REBRANDING TO BABISH CULINARY UNIVERSE I GASPED at this announcement thank YOU andrew THANK YOU SOHLA ive never been happier
Better here than BA
I was just watching BwB vids and Sohla contents earlier in this channel a few hrs ago, and I was so surprised when i learned that they renamed the channel when this vid popped up in my recommendations lol  So excited to see all the possibilities happening here in BCU. Sohla is definitely a brilliant addition to the team. She's a freakin culinary GENIUS!
Babish is giving Townsend a run for his money with his own take on 18th Century. But will he succumb to nutmeg addiction too?
Kässpätzle
solah ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
this is fantastic! I can't wait to watch this grow.
SOHLA GANG
Sohla, great first episode! I love concept and the bloopers at the end.
Yes! So stoked to get my Babish and Sohla fix in the same videos <3
yayy .More Sohla !
It's been a while since I have seen sohla, but hey! It is nice to see her again!
18th Century?!   *Townsends wants to know your location*
Love this new series with Sohla!! Seems so fun and Sohla looks so happy :D
Sohla joining the BWB network! She is so knowledgeable about food and has a great personality. Excited to see what she comes up with the next video.
Sohla, Babby, these videos need to be like twice as long at least. We need more Sohla.
Much love to Sohla. I’m so proud and excited for this series!
Lasagna with no grown-from-earth components: So no normal lasagna sheets, no pasta of any kind, no zucchini as the layers. Livestock and dairy is fine, but veg is basically out of the equation...   I think I mean an all meat lasagna... I have no idea how the sheets would be done, or the filling... Meat and cheese sandwich?
Honest assessment, this wasn’t particularly good. What’s the point of this content? Babish has always been about learning to cook, and this doesn’t teach me anything.
I love this!
SOHLAAAAAA
I approve of this move. GET BRAD LEONE AND CLAIRE SAFFIITZ, & CHRIS MOROCCO AND ITS AN ABSOLUTE WRAP!
Yes!
SoHLAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
GO QUEEN GIVE US EVERYTHING!!!!!!!!!!
YES! Sohla! FTW
Doesn't she looks like dora the explorer.
bad
Yes I’ve missed Sohla
Babish will become the non racist Bon Appetit lol
Sohla not having a platform over the last few months has been a crime.  This is good stuff.
you and tastinghistory should get together for something like this
I LOVE THIS I LOVE SOHLA YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
Just look up Jefferson's recipe and then make it in the old time way
Not enough nutmeg, 0/10
Would it be wrong for me to want Babish to become a BA 2.0
what a power move dude, hell yeah
This is amazing
“Oh you are a culinary student, what college are you attending?”  Oh you know, BCU ;)
SOHLA HAS HER OWN SHOW!!!!! OH mah god yall hookers better be subbin to this channel to thank Andrew for recognizing her talent
Goat move
This show is great. Another!
This is incredible
OMG YES!!!!! Thank you so much for this.
New sub!!! This is an amazing move for Sohla. Congrats to all!
remember when babish was just babish
omg i love sohla
This whole show is... Way too cheesy, while I'm happy and proud with whatever you've achieved and are currently striving for. I hope the old style of the video will still be going on
She’s a great host, looking forward. If you wanna keep going up, maybe up the production on this, doesn’t really feel like a show at this point but rather a guest episode
I LOVE YOU SOHLA.  I have always loved you and always will love you.
We love an immediate positive response to a new thing with a new person on a channel. It's rare these days
I saw Sohla and I clicked! So happy to see y'all collaborate and grow this channel 💗 💓 💖 Andrew, you're an amazing person. Thank you.
Im all for this. Congratulations  Badish🙌🏼👏👏👏👏
BCUUUUUUU!
Man wouldn’t it be amazing if all of the BA talent joined Babish?
Damn this sucks. Sohla doesn't deserve shit, kinda sucks to see you do this babish. Staying subscribed but never touching another episode of this series.
Yes hello, I have some negative feedback. The video only lets me hit the like button one time. Please address this oversight for future episodes. Thank you.
Yeay!!!! I missed her
BCU. Love it. You are the GOAT, Babish.
Wooohooo!
WE LOVE SOHLA!
The wheel... has.. covid?
This makes me so happy. When everything came out over the treatment of POC at BA I was waiting for someone to snag Sohla and give her the platform she deserves.   I’m so happy for your success and that it has allowed you to spread that success around and give an amazing chef the spotlight she has earned.   An amazing step and I’m so happy for Sohla!!! She’s amazing and I’m so excited to see her regularly on your channel.
Awesome stuff! Can't wait for the next episode! Now you just need to get Brad and Claire and the rest of the BA gang into the BCU and life will, almost, be back to normal!!! *fingers crossed*
i love the tiny whisks in the suitcoat
I love the Chemistry holy shit
RIP Badging with Bimbish ;( 2016 - 2020
drinking game: every time sohla seems scared or confused take a shot
Love Sohla. So glad she's getting more attention for her awesome cooking skills.
When you are a nerd so big, you basically create your own universe for crossovers and stuff lol
Any reaction from Townsend?
I love how she is struggling to light the fire trying to light it with fire stones, but they had like matches and everything for centuries at that point.
YES. Holy fuck I was worried we'd never see Sohla on youtube again.
I LOVE U SOHLA
Sohla is a great addition! Can’t wait to keep watching the channel
Sohla is good enough for her own platform let alone expanded universe.
Bach in the background...............❤️pure bliss
So glad you brought Sohla onto the team!!!
a BCU... unexpected but interesting
I’m SO happy to see Sohla!!!! ❤️
THE MOST WHOLESOME CONTENT ON THE INTERNET
Everything about this was right. Pacing, humor, shot framing, 10/10 literally watching again!
I miss Sohla!!! ❤️❤️❤️❤️
I hate the new name and this episode was stupid. I miss the good old days when he wasn't so full of himself
I hate this more than being with babish. God this new show is awful.
OH MY GOD I LOVE THIS!!!! SOOOOHHHHHHLLLLLAAAAAA💕💕💕💕💕
BCU that sounds like something I'll love
YESSSSSSSSS SOHLAAAAA!!!!! THANK YOU!!!!!! Now I can learn so much from her and laugh with her and actually support her too!!!!!
Imagine if she made the cheese and milked a goat
I thought this was townsends and sons based on the title.
Sohla is amazing. She's so fun to watch!
OMG OMG OMG!!! Sohla! I've been missing the heck out of her.
I'm new to YouTube food videos. What's a general consensus of Josh from mythical kitchen? I like this guy.
I'm calling it: Babish takeover of BA in 2022. THE BCU WILL EXPAND
Wait either Sohla left Bon Appetit or Babish joined Bon Appetit either way is good cause I loved the few videos where Sohla appeared. Was totally under appreciated
Woah! BCU! Sohla! I'm pumped!
Do i really wanna know what it looks like when it hits "make it scary" ?
sooooo glad to have sohla back
Bringing Sohla onboard was an excellent decision
why is Sophia cooking like she’s held against her will
Yay!!! So happy to see Sohla
So happy for sohla! What a brilliant addition to the babish universe
im so happy to see her again!!!!! get ur bag sohla
I love this, also when did dora the explorer grow up
What if this was all a long game to poach all the bon appetit people. He just started with Vinny.
"did they have mac and cheese in the 18th century?"  Jon Townsend: am I a joke to you?
“when I was a kid I would start fires in these little holes that i would dig”
very cool dude love the new name!
So glad to see Sohla!  I have a feeling that it will take a lot to actually stump her.
this makes me so unbelievably happy😭😭
It was nice to see them honor 18th century medical norms, and eat from the same dish during a pandemic....science be dammed yee witches! LOL
Babish the 🐐
Sohla is AMAZING and I’m glad she is being appreciated here :)
I'm so happy to see Sohla being given a proper platform - and its double nice to see her personality rly shine !!!! We love Sohla!!!!!
❤️❤️❤️
LITERALLY GOT GOOSEBUMPS AAAA SOHLA !!!!!!!!
This is literally the most ultimate rebranding I ever saw and giving Sohla her absolutely deserving time to shine. I will watch every as through and through just for all of this 🙌🏾👏🏾
People just ate all the cheese they wanted and died.  This would make a great tshirt
I'm surely not the first person to note that, but Käsespätzle (Spätzle with cheese) is a very popular dish among the southern German speaking area (Germany, Austria, Switzerland and south Tyrol). This just added the Bechamel....
Y did u change your name binging with babish was better
The crossover we needed. Happy to see Sohla on youtube again!
So glad Sohla is getting the recognition she deserves now.
If you want to watch real 18th century cooking watch the Townsend's channel
Such a good show!
It's so good to she her on the screen again! Thanks to everyone involved for it to make it happen! :)) <333
gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood shit
for a second I thought this was a Townsends upload
Sohla's voice is as sweet and crystalline as the chocolate she tempers.
That intro was cheesy.
What the heck he got the same a mic as PewDiePie lmao
Wait, she lives in Englad? That looks like an english backyard
This one made me giggle thank u
Mrs. Crocombe will want to know why this wasn’t baked.
7084th😎
I honestly could not think of a more deserving personthan Sohla, I'm so happy for her 🥰🥰
Is it bad of me to want Babish to poach all the BA staff and just have them do videos in his kitchen (while paying them properly obviously) I miss their videos so much even though I am glad they all stood up for themselves.
MORE
Lots of big whisk energy
I'm so happy that Solah is FINALLY getting the appreciation she deserves.
Dora all grown up
Heck yeah! I’m so happy to see more Sohla!
Oh yes🤩🤩🤩 this is what my quarantine was lacking. Thank you for sharing your hard work and creativity with us!
Food fanboy-ing! Love these two sooo much! :)
This is high-quality content, so excited to see what's next in the BCU
Sohla: 18th Mac and Cheese Babish:18th Mac and Cheese Every german speaker: Käsespätzle
Thank you for sparking my interest in the culinary world Mr. Babish but I genuinely don't think Sohla is a good person and I have zero interest in this channel anymore
she shoulda done hand made butter but overall great video Andrew love your content!
Mittelalter käsespätzle?
Babish wearing jorts
i loved this!! i've missed seeing sohla make food and seeing her on this channel is perfect.
I love Sohla!
HELL. YES.
Yoohooo, Sohla is back on youtube! Thank you Sohla!
This is something I never knew I wanted but I DESPERATELY needed I'm my life.
Now I'm wondering what the "make it sad"  option is.....
Holy smokes. Congrats Andrew!
Ehhhhhhheyyyyyyy! Sohla is here!!!
Baby, Sohla I am SO INCREDIBLY HAPPY THIS IS HAPPENING you can't believe it. I missed Sohla so much and am so happy that she is back in this form. This is truly amazing, thanks! Both of you thanks!  And Funfact: Yes, Cheese Spätzle, or Kässpatzen as they are called in the region, are made with Chees only, sometimes adding Onions and Tyrolian Bacon. But honestly, Sohlas also do look AMAZINGLY GOOD!   Greetings from Germany O/
BCU now feat Townsends
can't wait see the next episode
So so glad to get to see Sohla again and doing well!!!
Hell yah ❤️❤️❤️
Waiting for Townsends to show up in the comments section.
HELL. YES.
Omg! Sohla! Love it keep it coming!
okay I'm ready for and excited about stump the whole bon appetit staff
Thomas Jefferson was well known for his Macaroni and Cheese Recipe.
Her outfit looks like a standard Malaysian high school uniform! Which is not bad!
Oh my gosh I am so excited to see more of Sohla
Great Video, as always! Also Sohla was amazing, I really like this new video idea!
I kinda want to know about what this means for your channel. Are you the next BA? I mean congrats on evolving your content knew it was gonna happen. But I'm really interested to learn more about the direction you want to take your channel in.
Honestly I think she really good. Having to use a very old way to cook everything over an open flame and still come out with that result is pretty impressive.
eh i like the old name better tbh
AHHH I LOVE SOHLA!!
Guest star..... DORA THE EXPLORER!
Now that wasn't hard, was it bonne appétit? If you gave other contributers a fair shake, it would've been really awsome.  Good for Sohla and Andrew
THANK THE LORD OUR QUEEN SOHLA IS BACK AND TEAMING WITH SUCH AN AWSOME BRAND!
I cannot tell you how glad I am to see Sohla show up here.  Babish was already a fantastic channel.  I can't wait to see what you guys come up with next! (also...  500k views in the first 4 hours after publishing...  seems like the internet agrees this is going to be good)
I LOVE HER SO MUCH!
I am so happy to see Sohla!  Not sure about the game show theme.
That thumbnail is really unflattering She looks a lot better in the video
wait wait wait, what happened to the hot dogs....
Love sohla, she’s a great host!! Can’t wait for more! 🙂
Fancy mac from way back
Proud member of the BCU! Big up Sohla, great to see you!
Thank you, for creating such an amazing new world. Literally!
Yay ! Sohla is back .
When I first learned how to make hash browns with babish i didnt expect to end up here
Obligatory algorithm feeding comment to boost Sohla!!!!
i love this so much, cant wait to see more!
Sohla!!! We love you!!!
Amazing. SO EXCITED for this show, Sohla! And thanks to Andrew as well!!!!
love u
Sohla!!! lets go! She is the best
guest kitchen, master kitchen, bathroom snack kitchen, TV kitchen?
Flour had a name before words
Those noodles look weird
The bcu babish culinary universe
10:58  Babish looks like a bald version of Ryan Reynolds
Im so glad Sohla has finally gotten the show she deserves <3
I love mac and cheese and I love Sohla!
In before Babish magazine is released???
YES GET IT SOHLA 😍
dang, does babish's new house have like 20 kitchens or what?
I think she might be the new soul-a your channel
finally sohla gets her own show!
i was nervous at first because y’know. CHANGE. but yes, yes this is wonderful. i love her, i’m happy for Babish, yay BCU!!
Loved the format, it feels natural
Sohla: "I am a respectable professional who won't take no shit from the White Man" Andrew: "Yeah yeah of course but just spin this wheel real quick"  Jokes aside, loved it, so glad to see Sohla back in the limelight! So glad she is here!
Great debut Sohla! Happy to follow you to BCU. Here’s to great content!
This makes me so genuinely happy.
This is the biggest new of the year
So everything in this video was incredible.
Babish is the new Bon Tit.
Please change the YouTube name back
why is everyone so excited about Sohla? Legit question, don't really know who she is.
Great to see Sohla somewhere that's gonna respect her skill, she's such a gem!
im SOOOO happy i love sohla so much
You both are amazing! so happy to see Sohla out the test kitchen, she deserves the best and Babish still have the same vibe as his old show! you guys rock! I cannot wait to see what the future of BCU will bring to us!
YEEEESSDS
OMG@!!!!!@@#@!! Yes :D
wait so That IS a firepit that is Not fireprove.. ? what
We still eat that regularly in Germany  It's called Käsespätzle and we serve it with roasted onions  Preparing the Spätzle isn't that easy, congratulations ♥️
Now this is what I call positive channel growth
What a brilliant idea, can't wait to see what else you have in store for us and for Sohla
I am curious though, who came up with the concept for the show? Was is Andrew or Sohla? Or did you guys both come up with it.?
I am definitely looking forward to more Sohla and what comes next for the BCU. 🤣💖
Awesome! Great to see Sohla with her own show.
Aaaaaa, Sohla is one of my favorite chefs! I cannot wait to see more of her!!!
The BCU is like Bon Appetit but not racist
Love this.
I want Molly baz in the universe
Oh, You renamed the channel. So this is what you meant with seeing more of her.  I am not complaining tho, you two do great work
This is the collab we didn’t know we needed 🙌🏾🙌🏾🙌🏾
"... the wheel has COVID?" I was dying 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Is that a neck tattoo?
Soooo CHEESY.  Nope.  Let's hope it gets better.
I fucking love Sohla with my whole heart, and this is so exciting! So happy to see her! Congrats to Sohla on moving forward, and you too Babby!
Excited to see who else gets to join into the BCU!!! Love Sohla so much!
Immediately excited for the Babish Culinary Universe!
This is so great!!!!! Thank you for bringing Sohla on!!!!!!!
I'm so happy that Sohla is on this channel now
HAHAHA LOVE THIS!! SO FUN!
Babish and Townsends collab when
You stole this from 18th century cooking 😂😂 I’m kiding
I've rarely seen Babish's legs before and now?      JORTS????
YES
The Townsends have entered the chat
I absolutely love everything about this show and I LOVE that Sohla is joining the channel!
Yaaaaa sohla
So at the end Mac and Cheese is nothing else than german Käsespätzle.
Babish has been waiting to get Sohla on his show since he visited BA
Is anyone else experiencing low volume even though you have it setting on the highest setting?
She looks so happier here than she did at BA. You could really see the stress/strain in her body language at BA but she's laughing and really enjoying making food here ❤️
Thank you for sharing your platform with the effervescent and talented Sohla!! Babby does it again.
but the pasta is the unhealthy part... granted, the pasta was probably healthier back then because it was probably more "whole grain"
So happy to see Sohla! Great move Babish!!!!
Thomas Jefferson actually brought a version of mac and cheese back from Europe. He would eat it in cabinet meetings. Everybody hated it and thought it was disgusting.
This was great, but as a Townsends stan I have to say that dish was lacking nutmeg
♥️♥️♥️
How did they get through that whole thing and never even mention Thomas Jefferson?
Should've got Jon Townsend on for this 😁
Hi there! I'm Jon Townsend, thank you for joining me as we savor the flavor and the aromas of beating Andrew Rea's candy ass in 18th century cooking.
Perfect ending to this day. More Sohla.
So glad Sohla found a home in the BCU
i eat all the cheese i want and ill die
I love this series already! Congratulations Sohla!
Shit ton of lovee
Sohla is AMAZING! I'm so glad she gets the spotlight she deserves
Andrew Rea is turning into Alton Brown it's kinda amazing <3
this show will be a fucking blast
oH MY GOD THE POWERRRRRR SOHLA IS AMAZING THIS IS AMAZING BONAPP COULD NEVER
ngl I thought the thumbnail was babish in a photoshopped wig
And this is where I plug the townsends’ channel lol
How many of the BA test kitchen cast can he get 🤔
SOHLA!!!   Also, where’s Claire? And brad? And... 🙂
Really? Not even a shoutout to Townsends? They have a recipe of exactly this.
Praise the Babish, we've got Sohla back!
Needs more Nutmeg!!!
omg this video made me so happy! im so glad Sohla is part of the team 🎉🎉🎊
Sohla is adorable, I love this series.  Thank you for even more content.
I love this, great job on yet another great YouTube series.
Mcu we have the best universe Bcu- Hold my cooking equipment
I’m so happy to hear this!!!
What a great birthday gift 🎁 ☺  Thank you ❣️
Had to pause the video before a minute even passed, just to say how awesome it sounds to hear BCU. I love how you always credit us just for enjoying your videos, you make great content and I'm always waiting for updates for something new I get to try cooking! Keep up the great work Babish!
This is incredible- made me so so happy
ur new gf babish?
This is SO amazing. Or, you could even say "SO-HLA-mazing!"
I liked it more when it was binging with babish
SOHLAAAAAAA
This is gonna fit like a good shoe soon
yayyy
Just add cheese pita to the oven to start the fire.
Sohla out here finally getting what she deserves!
Give me a call to build you a real fire pit
Sohlaaaaa I MISSED YOUUUUUUUU 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
really excited about this collab! sohla deserves to have a fun time cooking with people who treat her well after dealing with bon apetits bullshit for the last few years. hoping the rest of 2020 will be kinder to you both!
Sohla groaning while picking up a cast iron pan is a whole mood. I'm glad I'm not the only one who has a hard time one-handed lifting one!
I'm so excited about this development! Congrats on the new addition to the crew, and welcome Sohla to the BwB (now BCU) family!
Keep on cooking!!
this episode honestly looks like such a workout. loved sohla here
Yes. Just yes. More please. Kind regards, England.
I don't remember subbing this weird ass channel
Yes to a show for Solah! So happy for her. Thank you Andrew for making this happen!
shola and townsends and sons next
This is everything I’ve been wanting and more. Congrats Sohla, were all so happy you’re back suth a show like you deserve. Thank you Babish for bringing Sohla into the BCU. My two favourite cooks
I love this, incredible, perfect, nothing better ever
Both these 2 have to be 2 of the ugliest looking women I've ever seen in my life.
I feel like you missed the opportunity for a James Townsend and Sons YouTube crossover here.
I'm emjoyed
I like Sohla, but this format just ain't it.
IT WAS A MEME NOW ITS REAL
"I'm going to use a lot of cheese. Because back then they died young." I laughed too hard at that.
Id so happily watch more of this 😁😁
You did what bon appetite couldn’t do....         Pay a minority.
Moar fire cooking! Seriously, google sutodiskotz
If we see the salt god then you know babish is king
The tiny whisks in the jacket pocket are pure class
Thoughts and prayers to the wheel. Hope it recovers soon!
Power move is the right word
sick
YESSSS! Let's get this trending number one and be much more successful than a certain other company. Maybe occasionally have more guest stars from the people we really miss right now, but I bet a certain company wouldn't like that at all and wouldn't let them
WHAT IS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW
All my ads are done with him. That's power there...
YES. Love this.
Please tell me he got all the people who left Bon Appetit in the BCU
It's so rare to wake up to good news! This is awesome!!
HELL yes, good idea pulling in Sohla!!!!
i wanna eat it
This makes me so happy, considering everything she had to endure at Bon Appetit. Great move!
OMG Babish AND Sohla? I love you
Okay but for real, what the hell is up with Andrews fire pit lol. You’d think it’d be able to handle a fire.
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted then died."
i am so proud of you, from your pasta aiglo y olio (or whatever it is) to this it’s been a pleasure watching your channel grow💛✨
18th century where?
the next step is to unite aéé the cooks of BA test kitchen :D
I don't like change... I'm gonna try!
I love Mac and cheese! This is so fun!
i am so happy THANK YOU
This felt like budget Gourmet Makes
I know everyone has wanted Sohla to have her own show and I’m so glad she was able to have a great partner with Andrew.
Fantastic addition to the Babish universe! Welcome, Sohla! Now you just need to give Brad Leone his own show where he grills stuff with Vinnie behind the camera :)
Hello everyone and let's welcome Sohla
BRING IN THE BON APPETIT STARS!!!!!!!!!!!
Shout out sohla 👍🏼
Change isn’t always good....
YES!!!!! MORE SOHLA!!!!  LET'S GO!!!!!
I couldn't be happier about this new Sohla content
So happy Sohla is on your channel now. She's awesome.
Finally someone who can put Sohla's crazy ideas to the world.
SOLA!!!!!!! I MISSED HER!!!
This was great. Seems like it was so much fun to think ahout and film
Me watching her bang rocks together to start a fire: oh honey there’s a reason that had fires going constantly throughout history lol
How much do I have to pledge on Patreon for the BCU to just absorb all the BA hosts of color? This show is amazing!
This was so great! I love her!
As someone who lived in Vienna for a bit as a vegetarian, can confirm that cheese spaetzle slaps.
Yes! Love that Sohla is getting her own series!
This was so amazing. I've watched your channel since you first started. It's crazy to see how much it has grown!
Thank you Babbi
Sohla can't be stumped😎
townsends is not impressed
So basically Käsespätzle. Or am I getting something wrong?
Who knew you could simply put Sohla - just Sohla - in front of a camera and it would be so extremely entertaining? No back and forth every 5 minutes needed at all! Go Sohla!
OMG! I was just saying how much I miss bon Appetit. This helps fill the void and is hopefully a better fit for Sohla! Congratulations and thank you!!
YES SOHLAAAAAA
Love how Babish has 2 tiny whisks in his suit pocket
please adopt all of the bon Appetit personallities, I NEEEEED more brad and claire in my life
Sohla seems so much happier in this video.
Dang imma miss the old name
YES STEAL ALL THE BON APPETIT CHEFS PLEASE!
Props to expanding the channel! Fantastic move.
Ok, that was awesome, and hi-larious. I really missed Sohla, and her easy approach to food knowledge and execution is perfect for the BCU! Thanks for this, very excited to see what you both cook up next, literally and figuratively.
I love this!!! 🥰
Yeeeeeeesssss
That's high quality content
Sohla! Great job Andrew
SOHLAAAAAAAA
To say I do a lot of 18th century cooking would be an understatement. I was fully expecting a train wreck of the humorous kind. Honesty - I am impressed. Good fire control, even cooking, etc. Really - for your first time... OMG - respect! At 7:57 she is even using a no kidding hash knife. Well done. Good job putting into practice what you researched and making an old school treat. Please get a log cradle/fireplace grate in that fire pit. :-) Or get rid of the concrete. Dirt works just fine :-) Thanks for sharing. That was fun. And congrats on the channel expansion.
Sola's voice is so good.
Hopefully he’s paying her enough
This was so good!!
This was very cute and I'm thrilled seeing Sohla find her feet with such a wonderful channel. Love this series concept and can't wait for more 🥰
Yessssss!!! So excited to see more Sohla
aka completely self-made Käsespätzle
This was actually a super great video, I enjoyed every bit of it. Keep up the great work guys!
WOW this was GREAT!!!!
Great job!
Townsends would be proud
I'm gonna cry this truly IS the most ambitious crossover
Dreams coming true!
Need to fill that fire pit with sand and river rock to prevent concrete explosion
The internet is a happier place now that sohla's back
BRING BRAD LEONE INTO THIS PLZ DAD
BA really s---- the bed when they let so much of their talent walk out. Sohla, you're a gem and I hope this becomes a regular thing.
haha!!! first vinny, now sohla! proud of you babish, rescue those ba’s folk!
You fucking legend! This is what the internet is made for, thank you for being so amazing!!!
What kind of terrible construction has been done to have a seemingly new fire pit break/explode upon first use?!?
Finally, Sohla has been recognized for her genius
Yes! Sohla!
Tf is Babish so fine for 😳
Finally, the universe has spoken! One of the best news of this year!
If you're going to do 18th Century recipes, I'm expecting a visit from Jon Townsend at some point.
Okay, you finally got me. I subscribed
Omfg this is GENIUS.  "This is easier when you make fire with fire."  Who knew?
Omg!!! I'm so happy!!!
Yes Sohla!!!
Not 100% sure on the opening format, but love the idea and love Sohla ❤️
BCU!!! I’m so excited
This is great! Sohla is amazing! Thank you all so much for making this happen.
Can't wait for the biggest crossover in the BCU.
I knew she needed eye protection... called it immediately
This is the fuck BA button
YES! Always excited to see more Sohla! She’s so amazing in this!
Finally, justice for Sohla. Thank you Babbie!
This might just be the biggest move in YouTube-food-history.
i really miss sohla and this just made my day 💕💕💕
*”Look at that, I’ve come a long way from just boiling water and walnut shells”* You really have, Sohla. So so proud and happy for youuu. ❤️
If you hear 18:th century mac and cheese and your first instinct is to bang some rocks together, you were probably educated in the US.
MORE I WANT MORE
Babish must have compensated her fairly!!!
Babish eating with the medieval fork so vigorously makes me extremely anxious.
Goob
i love the dynamic on stage ^^
From Rhett&Link saving Smosh to Babish getting Sohla to join the BCU, I'm so happy to see people that started out as small creators helping other creators screwed over by corporations
I'm screaming rn
Me who don't even support he's channel: *"I feel **-good-** bad"*
I am in LOVE! Go Sohla Go!!! You're amazing and this is awesome!
yall we finally got the cooking show bone app the chief failed to deliver!!!! in this house we stan babish
This is awesome!
Not a fan of the rebrand and expansion. I liked your show because it was just a guy in his kitchen.
Awesome tho could use a sprinkle of Jan Townsend and maybe Max of Tasting History for perfection
I love this so much.
"Did they have Mac and Cheese in the 18th Century?"  Mrs. Crocombe: Am I a joke to you?
Wanting to get the more money and fame this woman destoryed the livelihood of hundreds of people at BA by utilizing cancel culture and allegations without definite proofs.
Welcome to the channel Sohla!
Fuck BA, yay Sohla!
I think guy fierri is gonna want to borrow that wheel
OMG YES
Ahh I love that you and Sohla are working together!!!
sohla thriving! the babish cinematic universe expanding!! you simply love to see it!!!
This was fun, but not really informative. I would love to see a longer video with a lot of the experimentation and chatter between Sohla and Andrew. This looked more like a highlight video. I think the videos should be closer to 30 minutes to really let Sohla's character shine. You should learn from Bon Appetit here. This video is a different format than your usual videos, so it needs a different length and editing style. This is not a practical instructional video. It's a character show with a bit of game show framing and you need to treat it as such.  Sohla is cute and quirky and really fun to watch. She was great with Claire on Gourmet Makes and she's great here. Man, BA was sitting on a goldmine of characters. Too bad they ruined it.
Lets hire all the BA staff :) :)
This is the perfect series. Sohla is the best.
This was hard to watch, seriously,
Awesome new series! Can't wait for more
Jon Townsend's lawyers will be in touch
YESSSS
YES YES YES!!!!!!!!!!
omg omg omg omg omg omg. I am not even a minute in and I am just SO happy! I am so, so proud to be a part of this corner of the internet.
I hope the BCU absorbs all the BA people.
I want that mac and cheese so bad
Who else clicked on this thinking it was Townsends
Who else googled "18th century Mac & Cheese"?
BCU sounds like a fucking Franchise
Holy shit what an incredible debut. Sohla is awesome! Can't believe how far this channel has come, and how much further it's going to go.
I’m just so happy that Sohla has a platform. I love this channel, keep it up!
Pewdiepie mic Pewdiepie mic
Congrats on the new channel Babish! And thanks for always taking the time to show us cooking can be fun!
love this love sohla
"Back then they died young... people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, then they died" ...Drunk history getting ready to poach her next lol
One of many things wrongly attributed to Thomas Jefferson, along with a bunch of quotes, rapping ability and a basic respect for human rights.
Did Sohla find a new home? I was kinda bummed to hear about her experiences at the test kitchen when she decided to leave. Or am I remembering that wrong?
Plot twist, everyone good leaves BA and joins the BCU
holy shit NO WAY! YOU'RE AMAZING GUYS
I'm happy that he's growing but it feels like a low blow that it's no longer called binging with babish
Ohhh my God yes, all the BA talent need a new, better home, bring em to Babby, baby!
I LOVE SOHLA YAY
so basically you're the new, cool BA ;)
YES! I love this.
We need some brad leone too
Fun Fact: Thomas Jefferson brought Mac and Cheese from France In the 18th century and the other founding fathers thought it was gross   (Hamilton fans please don’t interact with this 😣)
OH MY GOD YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I FREAKING LOVE THIS!!!!!!!!!! DKLANSDLFKSLKFLSDKJSDKF!!!!!! <3 <3 <3 <3 <3 <3
This was fantastic, Still waiting for sohla to summon her tweezers though.
Love seeing Sohla flourish and get her own show where her personality is allowed to shine. This was a very fun video and a great concept for someone with the technical knowledge that Sohla has. As other commenters have said, I think having infographics where the ingredients are listed is a good idea to help people along because this series is more about the "story" of Sohla making the dishes, rather than the recipe. So there isn't the clear presentation or narration that there is in the how-to cooking videos like "Basics" or "Binging". But people still might want to take a crack at the recipes so it would be nice to see the ingredient names pop up when they are introduced. As much as I do like Andrew, I'm glad that he is staying out of this series for the most part and allowing Sohla to stand on her own. It may be the Babish Universe, but this is definitely Sohla's show. I look forward to seeing the episode that comes out on Saturday.  But good on Andrew for recognizing talent that has been mistreated as a result of bigotry, while staying classy about it. Not making her appearances all about the BA racism scandal or overtly flexing how much better you are, but making it about Sohla's personality and talents. Because at the end of the day it would be a shame if her career was defined by being "the chef who was discriminated against by Bon Appetite" and not as a supremely talented and creative chef in her own right. May Sohla continue to find success while Bon Appetite fades from memory like the racist trash it is.
Can’t wait for you to employ the entire BA test kitchen and this just be the ultimate food channel.
I'm so thankful
this is unexpected but welcome i suppose
big moves
yES
Yes Sohlaaaaaaa!!! Welcome to team Babish!!
Imagine losing your verified badge just to change your name
I hope to see a gluten free challenge for all us Celiac's to laugh at.
Ok now bring claire aswell 😂😂
Amazing bro!!
Don't let John Townsend see this...
I will click anything with Sohla in it
BROOOOO yesss!!!  F*ck BA higher ups
The best part: maybe we can see Clementine again
I'm totally here for this
Is the BCU just gonna collaborate with the former Bon appetit presenters?  My god I hope so
LLLLLLEEEEETS  S T U M P  S O H L A
Check out the townsends babish!
It makes me so happy knowing that she is being fairly payed for this
So, Dora The Explorer know how to cook.
"It's in my eye!" She cooks like I do
Babish can you let me get a show on there aimed at a college audience?
yup, faithful viewer. Love me some Sohla. Fuck those other guys, bonne voyage
Absolutely love Sohla!
I’m hear for it!
This is now my favorite thing on the internet.  I love you, Sohla, and am so happy you have found a new home with Babish's Channel.
Love this new show. Cant wait for the next addition to the BCU!
4:15 Ah yes, the good old Käsespätzle, my favorite :)
They could have consulted townsends!
Yaaaayyyy!!!! More Sohla!!!
This is going to become something amazing! Congratulations on this new chapter BCU
Nice
Banish, Sohla, dry humor and delicious food. 2020 finally got something right 😭 These are tears of joy.
Binging with no Babish 😳
Yesssss loving the new show and seeing more of Sohla!!!
I would love to know how long these things take— like a lil cooking clock in the corner or something
Okay, this is epic
Glad to see that Arthur Morgan allowed Sohla to borrow his cooking rig.
If you’re into this type of 18th Century content, be sure to check out the Townsends channel. He’s been doing it for a long time
YESSSS SOHLA my queen
Solha! I miss her!
Well it definitely appears as though the BCU is gonna be a lot more diverse than other universes I’ve heard of....
Petition to get Babish to adopt the BATK orphans
My new university is literally called BCU. Can I be an honourary member?
Sohla was one of my favourite chefs on Bon Appetit, so I'm glad to see her flourish elsewhere!
Aww I'm gonna miss Binging with Banish 🥺
Babish making moves!!!!! More then happy to follow the new "bon appetit" but proper
This is the BEST. Sohla is the best possible addition to the team. I am here for this.
I CAN'T STOP SCREAMING YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amazing
It's a big loss for BA to lose someone as experienced as Sohla and very smart of Babish to get her for the channel. If BA would have treated her fairly this series could have been something BA had. Some of the guys responsible for losing this kind of talent are now no longer at BA but the damage done is irreparable and Conde Naste has their toxic culture to thank for it.
I might wanna marry her
it's what she deserves
This looks and sounds amazing!
HOLY SHIT HOLT SHIT YES YES YES
Tiny whisk in the breast pocket, that's it we've peak Babish there's no going back.
Sohla is a gosh dang treasure. I'm so happy she's gonna be a regular! Congrats on the new show too - 1st episode was brilliant :)
I am loving this :3
It's great seeing Sohla front and center.  Looking forwards to the next episode
Did Babish really just single-handedly acquire the whole BA viewership?
“Oooo, ooooo, you don’t care.” 😭😂😂
"You just made me film the whole thing. Yes you're gonna to eat it." -Babish the Feeder
Sohla bad
Yay! It's Sohla!
Excuse me for a second:  AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH  Continue.
I didn't recognize the channel for a second there
Sohla’s giggle is everything
Fantastic
Sohla was great!!! Loved her presence!
Now this is a move I like to see! Let’s go BCU
HELL YEAH ANDY! Giving colored girls the spotlight on a household staple, props, big props 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
SOHLA!!!!!!! <3
A Babish video with a Botanist commercial voices by Babish. Sohla joining the team. Fantastic video
I love Sohla so much.
POWER MOVE POWER MOVE POWER MOVE POWER MOVE
the new name sucksssssssssss  like if u liked the old name more
Recent sub here from the Philippines. Cheers! Stay safe everyone! 🙏
*I'm Considering suicide with cheese*
Sohla!!! 😍😍😍
Tasty meets Townsend and sons hosted by a Seth McFarland voice? ...Eeh...  am leery.
i love this, i love all of this, so excited for this series!
This Bechdel Bechamel passes the test.
The mad lad really make a legit culinary universe. DESERVE!!!
So how long until Babish has claire making random pop icon foods?
yes!!!!! its happening people!
I'm so excited about the direction you're taking! The BCU is gonna be amazing!
This came out of left field, but now I'm in love with the idea! Love to see more, Team Babish!
The dislikes on this video are just Adam Rapoport using past p*rnhub free trial email accounts
If you ever have questions about 18th century cooking talk to Townsend
Love everything about this. The challenge, the format, seeing Sohla free to do her thing. Fuck Conde Nast!
Sohla deserves a show more than any other cook in the world. Hooray!
Welcome to the BCU, Sohla! I look forward to more of your lovely cooking and awkward charm :3
Sohla is a walking master class in culinary art and her personality is just the greatest.
Sohla should have a TV show and Babish
We all know Babish has been watching a lot of Townsends, and I'm here for it
I genuinely love this and I'm super excited
Bro. Such a boss move. Sohla is HILARIOUS! With their senses of humour and great editing and an environment where sohla feels valued!? This is amazing. 2020 starting to pick up
I love to seethe new collaboration - but WHERE is my boy John Townsend in this episode. The title card and background music are an obvious nod to his historical reenactment channel. You guys really should have made that a little more clear to the audience...
glad to see sohla moving on to better things. the way ba treated her was disgusting she deserves better
this is so good
This was just a really freaky situation of all of my worlds colliding. I watch both cooking shows, and a lot of 18th-19th century fashion/history videos. So this feels like all of my search history went into the DNA machine and popped out this cookie mutation. Samsung really is listening, isn't it? At least somebody does.
HELLO SOHLA!!!!
Cooking methods may have improved since the fire pit, but current music can't hold a candle to the classical masterpieces playing in the background.
This show has great comedic potential, we could get drag queens on
Yeah love Sohla. Did she leave BA cause of the racist boss or something?
I'm so glad Sohla has found a new home!
Sohla‘s Spätzle pronunciation is pretty good I must say 👌🏼
Love Sohla! She is a culinary genius! So glad she has a joined the channel!
"The wheel has COVID?" *turns to camera* "Topical."  This part got me hahaha. Love the show, can't wait to see more from Sohla!
I’m so happy to see her here!!!
Eating all the cheese you want and then dying is a good representation of 2020 too
I am *so* happy to see more Sohla on youtube. Subscribing, honestly just for this
*John Townsends has entered the chat  If you wanna learn more about 18th and 17th century cooking I’d suggest checking his channel out
This was great, but I would have loved to have seen some of the brainstorming&research before jumping into the cooking
Jorts Andrew is cursed.
So happy to see Sohla here, and excited to see where the BCU goes!
Sohla is a great addition to the channel. I really enjoy the new direction of the channel.
i miss binging with babish already,  what a shame
Yay! Sohla!
Do a crossover with Tasting History
Nah man bring back binging with babish
Someone, please kick her out of the kitchen 🤦‍♂️
Good thing the wheel didn't land on "Convenience Store". It would be a shame to be stumped on the very first episode.
So happy to see the channel growing and evolving!
Townsends did it
10/10
I love this.
This is the biggest dunk BA could possibly ever be delivered.  If we're doing 18th century though, where's James Townsend?
You need to recruit Ordinary Sausage, he will be the deadpool of the BCU.
This is amazing, I’m so glad this is happening.
Nice!
I got really excited when I saw the title, I was hoping he was going to do a video with Townsends. But alas, maybe one day
I can’t believe it,he changed the name..
Was almost expecting a crossover with Townsend's with a title like that
Me, a german: What is Sohla saying?  Spuzle? Me, thinking really hard: Oh she is saying Spätzle 😂
Love to see Sohla, shes a treat. Good and smart pick up my man Babish
Wooooooooooooooooo sohla
Glad to see Sohla back in my recommendations! Love you, Sohla!
Omg is Babbish gonna adopt the non racist BA Chefs!!!!! Then we can have BA without all the bad.
I love Sohla, she has a fun presences.
This concept is awesome and I like where the channel is going but I hope you don't leave the channel
I love everything about this episode. Sohla was not stumped and that really surprised me.
IM JUST COMMENTING SO THAT THIS VIDEO GETS RECOMMEND TO MORE PEOPLE
Congrats to Sohla and Congrats to BCU!
Oh Sohla, how we missed you. This was a lot of fun. ❤️
Someone tell Townsend!
all the people watching this are finally realizing why we all loved Sohla when she was a part of BA
Great choice
she get paid for this tho???
18th century Mac and cheese? Missed opportunity to get Townsends in the BCU!
wtf, when did the channel name change?
I would love to watch a video of sohla making a tiny fire and cooking tiny things in a walnut shell!!! ♥
Things to love about this video: - Finding out that child-Sohla made tiny cakes in walnut shells - "Bublé" and "bublage" - "ooooo baby I love mah cheese"
I'm so happy to see sohla again!! I've missed her
I really enjoyed this 😂😂😂 wow
Yay!!!
i really look forward to see more sohla on this channel!
I liked the name Binging with Babish :"(
Good food, Babish humor, creative cooking, and an expanded content base? Count me in!
cut to 5 minutes after the release when her phone overheats from Brad's "helpful hints" texts ♥
petition to move all of the on screen talent from BA to the BCU
You don't live together (I assume) and are standing in very close proximity in your place of work, why are neither of you wearing masks? I can't believe this is still an issue. Dissapointing.
I love Sohla sm,,, sending this vid to all my friends
I love Sohla. Treat her well.
Sohla's hilarious! And a great chef! Congrats on the BCU, very excited to see where this will go! All the exclamation marks!
she's amazing ❤
Loved her! We need more!
More Sohla content, all the Sohla content
The Skyrim font... my god
Scoop up all that BA talent please
I’m looking forward to the Babish Cinematic Universe LOL I’m glad you’re able to grow and explore different opportunities
Make pea soup from The Rescuers: Down Under please!
I'm so excited for this series!! two of my favourite youtube chefs!!
Yeah, so you should have had "boubleage" merch set up and ready to go before this video came out.
my heart is so happy
Good ol Babish stepping up to do what racist ass BA could not.  God bless.
Biiiiiig flex congrats y’all!
Love it!!!
I wish I could have summoned townsends into this video. Though even without him I enjoyed it!
I have one question when did the channels name change?
Nice to see the seinheisser make an appearance!
the tiny whisks in the jacket pocket lmfao!
Would be delicious with some caramelized onions 😋
You are the best channel here. I LOVE THE NEW NAME BCU. This is great. I love Sohla. I love you. I'M SO HAPPY
Eine Kleine in the background, 18th century music checks out.
YES
Andrew making moves out here. Picking up the pieces after Bon Appetit imploded. About to become a household name I can feel it
Full on tasty and BuzzFeed style
YEEEESSSSSSSSS, content I knew I needed but didn’t know I’ll get. Thank you!
No after credits scene? I expect more out of a cinematic... I mean culinary universe.
I've only known Sohla from two babish videos but she's already won her place in my heart
❤️❤️❤️
we are literally a stone's throw away from getting Jon Townsend on the show please mister babish.
TOWNSENDS BRUH
This is fantastic, please don't kill Souls though. fix that fire pit!!!
Partnering with the Townsends might've been a good idea for this one.
they invited babish to bon apetit, babish said thank you ill take one of everyone
Babish really just decided to become new Bon Appetit and I'm here for it
Sohla! So freakin pumped to see you again! I hope this new endeavor is exciting for you!
The coals popped cuz it was TREATED WOOD Use the good ole naturalies. 2x4’s and furnishing wood is hazardous. Safety first, Babby! The more you know! Welcome, Sohla!!! So excited to see more of yo quirky qute bubbly again!
I can see the hope and joy in her eyes now.
YAY Sohla!!!!!!
Spätzle are still a common noodle in traditional German cuisine nowadays. :) They are lovely.
owowowowoo this is big
wow, the name change is unexpected but I love it. I loved seeing you grow from like 2017 from now, your show has done nothing but gotten better and gotten  me to go out and cook , thank you andrew from inspiring people like my brother and I to cook and experiment w/ confidence
Its like Tasty but less cringe
I'm so happy that Shola is getting all the support and love she deserves!!!
omg love Sohla, love the BCU, this is awesome and hilarious!
I love to see this channel growing. Awesome video concept
U should have John Townsend on the 18th century segments of the BCU
*WOULD YOU LIKE SOME MACARONI ON THAT CHEESE!*
WE ARE SO HAPPY TO SEE SOHLA GETTING THE REPECT AND RECOGNITION SHE DESERVES 🥺🥺🥺 So happy to see her join your team
IM GONNA DIE
*everyone liked that*
i really want to see babish try to make astronaut food now
I just love Sohla's chaotic energy so much!!!
I am 110% here for this! Love the new show and Sohla at the head of it. Can't wait to see what awesome stuff is in store.
This is great!! I love Sohla so much
Will miss BwB.
So when is Civil War?
This is awesome ❤️❤️❤️ But now I'm craving Mac and cheese like my life depends on it lol
This is absolutely hilarious.
YES SOHLA !  BA kitchen was sketch any way.
Yessssa I’ve missed Sohla so much 😍😍
Sohla was amazing, but as someone who watched the Townsends regularly I cringed watching Babish eat witb the fork! You don't eat with the fork! Use a spoon or knife! The forks from then are SUPER sharp.
THIS NEW SERIES IS GREAT!
It's an absolute coup! Love this! <3
The little whisk in his pocket 👌🏼💖
This is great
Yes.
This feels very very commercial, and not in a good way :(
Yay Sohla!!!
Literally so excited about this universe and SOHLA!!!!!!!!
YES so, so happy to see Sohla, and what a perfect fit for the BCU!!
I love this! Sohla is amazing🥰
My heart needed this new segment
"I don't know what I'm doing anymore. What a fun life, huh?" Same, Sohla.
Lol 18th century Bach music playing in the background @ 5:28 😆
But I like BWB...it was more fitting and had a better role
This is BRILLIANT
OMG!
Yay! I'm so glad Sohla is joining the Babish fam! This might be your best decision yet
Macdonalds used to make McGriddles, the wonderful fluffy but sweet but salty delicious breakfast sandwich. They discontinued it. PLEASE make a dupe!!
OH MAN I AM SO EXCITED FOR THIS
The fact that 2020 has been a dumpster fire of doom, but Sohla El Waylly is winning, well it makes me so genuinely happy. Finally, someone is showcasing the depth of her talent and expertise.
SOHLA! SOHLA! SOHLA!
Omg im so happy! I love sohla and this show is amazing! Can't wait for more episodes
SOHHHHLAAAAAAAAAA
NO CHANGE IT BACK!!!!!!!!!!
Sohla def seems happier now 💕
wait when did bwb change his channel name 😭?
Ahhhhhhhh!!!!! I love Sohla!! This is amazing!
Amazing addition!
This was amazing
i miss the old name bwb it was catchy
HELL YES! THIS IS WHERE SOHLA NEEDS TO BE! sorry BA y'all lost out!
James Townsends would be proud.
Yay Sohla! ❤️
Bruh can you believe they didn't do this on Bon Appetite with Sohla, this is as awesome as Gourmet Makes.
All he needs now is to nab Brad Leone and Clair and oh man that is a force to be reckoned with
I imagine it was also helped by the fact that Bon Appetit imploded.
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, then they died" ....huh, i see, i'm living in the 18th century and didn't event noticed.
After BA was outed for being awful to its POC, I'm glad that she could find somewhere respectful to work. I have no doubt that Andrew and his team will treat her well.
Sohla is so amaze !!!!
What an awesome get Andrew! BA's loss and your HUGE gain
Loooooove it
Love Sohla!
Usually Käsespätzle come with roasted onions on top. I think those would have fit in well.
YESSSSS!!!!! OH MY GOD SOHLA DESERVED IT!!!! SO HAPPY THAT SHE GETS A PLATFORM!!!
Yeah, it's only a matter of time until there's a shokugeki
Did you play youtube BIPO OOPS WRONG CHANNEL
Idk if you understand how beloved Sohla and her wonderful personality are (or maybe you do since you brought her on!) but her and the others that spoke out at BA really do have a special place in my heart and it makes me very very happy that they're still being given these opportunities. Welcome back Sohla! And Babish, you've earned another subscriber :)
YESSSSS! Sohla is my fave online chef and I am so thrilled to see her here with Andrew!!!! Can't wait to see more Stump Sohla!
The only thing cheesier than the final product was Babish's game show suit AM I RIGHT?
Finally get to see babish as a game show host
This was very good. I'm glad the show is evolving in such a cool way. The only thing is that I don't really like the new name, it doesn't have the same impact of 'Binging with Babish', but, hey, that's me. Keep this up, man
THIS IS AN AMAZING NEW DIRECTION!!!! love this and loving sohla!
Sohla reinventing the Townsends formula up in here :D
Sohla I would die for you.
This makes me SO happy!  Mazel Tov Sohla!  And you too Babish!
Thank God Sohla's back!
Sohla rules!
NICE I LOVE HER!!
Yay, we love sohla! I’m vegan and will never make not even half the stuff you guys cook but always love watching your videos and sohlas was super entertaining 😂
AMAZING! BABBY & WAYLLY, BAYBAY!
My two favorite cooking personalities? In one culinary universe? It's more likely than you think. (It's 100% likely. It's what's happened here, and I'm so happy that Sohla gets to keep doing her incredible thing with people who will treat her right)
I loved this.
Sohla on the channel? cool
I came for Babish and stayed for Sohla!
No need for the game-show host bit, the rest is brilliant.
"you don't care" 😳 b-but I do, Sohla🥺🥺
I AM A SIMPLE MAN I SEE SOHLA I CLICK LIKE
Great stuff! Check out 18th century cooking with Townsends, tons of great info on historical cooking.
So hyped about this addition! So cool!  "People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, then they died"  ☠️
This is fantastic! And so awesome that you picked up Sohla
Spätzle :) yum
Andrew out here snagging the best of BA. Vinny, Sohla. I continue to stan🙌🏿🙌🏿
Love Sohla and the whole concept for this show!! If you’re bringing on more former BA talent, could you also get Molly Baz? And also can you tell her I’m in love with her?
When the fire started making noises, all I could think of was that scene in The Office in which Dwight starts a fake fire and Andy screams "THE FIRE IS SHOOTING AT US". lol
I love this, like a cooking variety show!
MOAR PLEZ SIR
Yooooo
Because the cover image for this video is Sohla cooking over an open fire, I assumed "stump" is a noun, and this is a show where Sohla goes by the moniker "Stump Sohla" and cooks many things in a tree stump. I support both my version and the version in which stump is a verb.
so excited for more!!!
This is brilliant!! So glad to see Sohla
YAYAYAYA welcome sohla!
I really hope we get a "Bamboozle Babish"  as well.
SOHLA
I'm so freakin excited about this!!!!
Sohla pls continue bá it's a great yt channel
käsespätzle is one of my favorite foods, amazing
So glad to see you on YouTube Sohla. I hope Babish can recruit some of your other former team mates.
Kinda like the tattooed dora
As soon as the wheel came in I pressed like
End of an era. We're no longer binging with babish.
I'm not really liking the game show aesthetic but I like the idea.
i love this so mucha Sohla is an icon and you make a great duo
I didnt see Stump Sohla so I thought you teamed with Jas Townsends
This really isn’t what I subscribed to this channel for.
Yyesss. This is sooo awesome. Sohla is such a boss
Yay! I like Sohla! I missed her.
It’s nice to see that Binging with Babish is beginning to expand into the niche that was left unoccupied when Bon Appetit closed. They should trying getting Brad on board to start “It’s Alive!” again!
I legit just tried to subscribe again. hahaha! Love this!
YAYYY SOHLA
Sohla is one of my favorite humans
Omg this is absolutely amazing and so so awesome. I’ve never seen Sohla’s sleeves before but I’m in love. That looked amazing and can’t wait for more of BCU. CONGRATULATIONS
Hey way to steal Townsend content!
This is absolutely awesome!!! I look forward to this series!!! It sounds like it's gonna be great. Andrew alone is awesome but bringing someone like Sol is such a great move. If the chocolate head was anything to prove. They gonna be a great duo for this series.
“I don’t know what I’m doing anymore.” “I had no friends.” She is me 🤣🤣🤣
lmfao! okay was not expecting an episode like this at all but i am incredibly happy it was made and look forward to more in the future. Sohla really does her homework and truly is an expert. My only complaint is maybe leave the portions and ingredients in the description, cuz i actually want to make this recipe.
I just want to scream Sohhhhhhllaaaaaaaaaaaaaa ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Yessssss Sohla!!!!!!!
I loved this episode with sohla!!
this is dope. Thanks Andrew for making the boss move and platforming Sohla
Thats fucking awesome! She deserves this so much.
*tfw townsends already did this and poor sohla had a step by step tutorial aready*
Looks disgusting.
Glad to see the triumphant return of the campfire tripod
talk less deep or learn to balance your audio with some of that sponsorship money.
I've been missing all my BA people, this is so awesome. I love Sohla.
I'm really looking forward to seeing the new things this channel is gonna bring
I dig this concept.
YES!
YOOOOOOO
We have something called Käsespätzle in germany
I saw the channel name and thought I subbed to another channel by mistake.
Subscribed for Sohla
"this is alot easier when you try to make fire with fire" i love her so much 🤣
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL.
Awesome video babish keep it up
Me before watching:  There better be nutmeg.
Thank her for ruining BA for me!
Damn I’m gonna miss the old name
Damn for a moment I thought you did a collab with Townsends. Great video though!!
I would happily bitch slap the everliving out of any of the higher ups from conde nast for not letting sohla shine to even a fraction of her potential
I love this so much
This is a brilliant idea. I'm so glad Sohla is involved
People just ate all the cheese they wanted, then died.
*Beat Babbish*
This is everything
Why'd you change your name bro....
this is the greatest thing to happen in the food side of youtube...........
Yes!! Sohla!!
Love the new name change!!!
Old style cooking by itself could be a series on the bcu
So, Babish kills off BA, noice.
God I missed watching Sohla doing incredible stuff with familiar dishes. GO SOHLA!
Hell yeah! Go Sohla!
Yesssssssss love her so much I’m so excited for this
We love Sohla! Im so glad I get to keep watching her. So much expertise and so fun!
Ooo, expansion of franchise. Take me to your patreon. I want to toss money for more of this and maybe experimental gastronomy.
YAYAYAYAYAYAYAY!! Cant wait to see more of Sohla's cooking!!
Love the new show, love you guys, welcome Sohla ❤️❤️. Love from India
We missed you Sohla!!!
Is this officialy cannon in the bcu?
SOHLA.
I LOVE Sohla!!!!!
I like it Bring little fun to the already fun show
Woah!!!! What the fuck!!!!! This is so exciting
I am so excited to see Sohla become part of the channel. This is actually fantastic.
This is really quite good.  Congratulations.  Sohla seems a great addition.
SOHLA!!!
I know I had depression before watching this but somehow I seem to have misplaced it.
This is delightful and I love seeing Sohla again!
THIS IS INCREDIBLE. I didn't even realize how much I missed hearing Sohla be a genius
She basically made modern day German Spätzle but just in a very complicated way. Probably had this exact meal a few days ago.
I thought this was a crossover between the Townsends and Sohla before I read the channel name.
THE ONLY B I NEED IN MY LIFE IS THE BCU, NO MORE BA
So excited to see Sohla again, and glad to see the Babish Culinary Universe expanding to include even more great content!
just get brad over and we golden
Great content!! We love Sohla!
I'm so glad she's on your channel. :)
I love this! it was so fun and great to watch Solha again
Endlessly happy that Sohla has found a new home for her creations on YouTube. I really hope she’s feeling happy and appreciated in the BCU🙌🏻
should have checked out Townsend.
SOHLAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
2:49 "Oh yeah I know this song from mi-" 2:50 "Oh"
Bon Appetit: ruins their own empire Babish: "I see an opportunity to poach some employees"  What a genius idea. Now I just hope there isn't some horrible racist past hiding on Andrew's twitter lol
Gather ye kindling where ye may
Have y'all never used that beautiful fire pit? How'd it explode??   Great video!!
👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽 I'm so happy. Sohla deserves this and more.
Damn so bingeing with babish is dead
Tiny whisk? In the Jacket Andrew creating fresh new content? All the time baby Expanding the Babish brand? You betcha with Sohla  This is dope.
Sohla fucking rocks
Sohla 🧡🧡🧡 This series is amazing!!!
I love Sohla. Now I love Babish more.
This is amazing!!!! Sohla!!!!!!! Thanks BCU...
New drinking game: take a shot everytime sohla says “oh god”
love sohla
*sees Sohla on screen*  I am EMOTIONAL; congrats miss!!!!!
Echhh.  This chick continues to ride to coat tails of others.  No one ever wanted her cinnamon and clove infused flavors on BA
I loved this channel for years...  add Sohla... BEST DECISION EVER!! I love her personality... I love her cooking!!  she just seems to be an amazing human! And this excites me greatly to see her back on videos regularly!
I love Sohla!
I love Sohla. She’s such a sweetheart and has amazing culinary talent. This is a great move, Babby.
This is amazing!
YES
Sohla, please please please can you please create your own channel too we love you both and keep up these beautiful video creations woooo hoooooo !!!!!!!!! 🥺🥰😍😻👿🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😍❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
I enjoyed this greatly
"Back then they died young."  -- Sohla 2020
YESSSS
Omg this is such a perfect show for Sohla!! I'm so excited
"Back then they died young. There was no concern [for] long term health, people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died" - Sohla el Waylly, 2020
Hey @Townsends hod did they do?
I love this new show love u sohla❤️❤️❤️
you both are seriously my favorite! welcome sohla!!!!!
Since bon apetit died, i wish the cast would just transition to BWB
OMGGGGGGG YAAAAAZ!!!!
>not james townsend and son   Im genuinely upset, especially when their channel is literally 18th century cooking
Thank you for this. I feel like this brings out the energy from Sohla that was in the carbonara episode in a the channel that must be not be named. I like the experimentation aspect its fun and how cooking should be. One note: if your not going to do more research on something just skip over that part. For example the fire building part could have been taken out. Very cute. Excited for more. Thank you.
and WOWW check out the wheel!  "Food illusions Ice cream Beat babish Astronaut food Serve on fire make it scary One handed Make it sad Convenience store 18th century"   can't wait to see Sohla do all these stuff!! 😃🤩😲
IDEA: because of how talented sohla is, could you add a second part to the episodes of her making the dish but with conventional methods?
I love Sohla. She was always my favorite from BA! Welcome to my favorite chefs YouTube channel
Moment of silence for binging with babish
Why I'm i, disagreeing to this. Ho well, I'll see how this goes. Good work though keep it up
commenting to help the video in the algorithm lets goooOOO
I don't want to be rude, but she looks like an Oompa Loompa. Is everything ok over there?
I adore this, Babish thank you for bringing Sohla onto the show, and Sohla I hope you have fun on here and you're treated much much better then you where before <3
Oh Sohla has returned in her new incarnation. Blessed be.:-)
She has a plan but does she have a flan?
big fan of this move. Sohla is great
The ultimate collab
I love this so much, please keep doing this!!!!
This was amazing! Thank you for all you do ❤️
She got good bubblage!
She's nice and funny
nice hairstyle 😎👍
I didn't know that babish was 220 years old
YES!!! Sohla is the best!!! Awesome stuff!
Please tell me coffee girl is in the BCU
I like her
When's the inevitable Babish X Townsend crossover happening?
I’ve been looking forward to a Babish Culinary Universe for a long time
I love this new concept! Keep up the good work :)
i fucking love sohla, she radiates grandma vibes when she talks about cook i love her so so much
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died" I missed Sohla so much
I'll miss the name binging with babish
Awesome to see Sohla working with you! Also the birth of the BCU.
So glad to see Sohla has found a place she is appreciated!
“Cheese... ...mac... what’s not to like?”
The wheel was a little much, but I love the effort!
This was just what I needed today. I laughed almost the whole time. Well done, Babish and Sohla! ❤️ We look forward to future productions!
I refuse to call this series anything but Shokugeki no Sohla
yo when is the bcu gonna have a crossover with the marvel universe
Idea for a second channel... Bloopers with Babish....Huh???
YO I JUST SAW YOUR NEW AD
For a first Spätzle-attempt, that actually wasn't half bad. It helps if you also wet your cutting device and make the batter a little thinner. It should be somewhere between runny and gooey....
I couldn’t be happier and excited for sohla, she really deserves success!
Awesome loved this! 💜
The culinary universe growing tighter! You, Sohla, Brad, Kenji. Kenji just mentioned you and Sohla in his AMA yesterday. Was really surprised to hear you worked on Serious Eats as well and that Kenji has never met Sohla. I’m thinking you’re going to change that!
Yes more expand the BCU yeeees!!!!
AMAZING. THANK YOU I LOVE IT
Can we get Townsend to react to this?! Great job Sohla!!
So excited for you guys!  This is going to be so great!
keep it up!
Sohla is awesome I like her and she has an awesome personality =))
i can already see the comments saying "only the og fans remember when this channel was called Binging With Babish"
some constructive criticism: mac and cheese was more of an expensive exotic dish, like, the English gentry would usually take a tour of continental Europe. and they would come back with parmesan , and a recipe for "paste" that was boiled both from Italy. so it would be more like dowel rolled noodles with parm and that's it.
And the Babi empire continues to expand... Good move!
Yay Sohla!!!
Yess!!!!!! The world needed this. So so excited to see more of Sohla on here!
The music at around 5:30 is Bourré in E minor by Bach if anyone was curious
Yay, Sohla!
Woah the BCU? Bingers... ASSEMBLE
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat and then they died". same
“People just ate the cheese they wanted to eat, then they died” sounds like a life I’d like to live
OMG I love this sooo much im so excited for more episodes of this show!!!
“People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then died.”  Uh... yeah. Back.... then and stuff. Haha That’s definitely not something that I.... do.... now.
Love the name, Love the Sohla
Someone changed the channel name
WHAT ITS CALLED BABISH CULINARY UNIVERSE NOW??? OMG
This was so wholesome it hurt
Have been watching the townsend channel as well, do this is way too much of a crossover for me
So happy to see Sohla with her own show on the Babish  Culinary Universe. Well deserved!
Bout to get a cease and desist from the Townsends channel, careful
Do a collab with Townsends! 😂🤗
SOHLA!!!! This is awesome!!!
the babish culinary universe  EPIC
Brilliant move - what a great team!!!
I very much love this. Thanks.
FINALLY SOME QUALITY FUCKING CONTENT
So, so happy to get more Sohla content!
I was so sad I wouldn't see Sohla anymore after she left bon appetit (rightfully). I'm so glad she's joining the BCU!!  Sohla is great, I love her!!
Babish Culinary Universe? What was wrong with the name how it was. Or are you trying to fill the void that BA has left in the YouTube cooking channel community? I do miss everyone from BA. Well most of them.
The real star of the show was Babish’s sexy a** JORTS
2020 is looking up everyone
Mad I cant like this more than once...
LOVE LOVE LOVE the energy of this video. I am currently teaching kids online and many parts of my day feel like the fire pit exploding. SO happy to see Sohla here!
Sohla forever! Can’t wait to see what else she makes!
do the regular show pork picnic plz
Not even bringing in Townsends, smh
All the yeahhhhs
Gods I love Sohla's personality. This was such a treat to watch and I can't wait to see more of this. Great job!
Aaaaah!!! SOHLAAAAAA!! I’m so happy to see her cooking again & in a space that actually values her magic!! Yay!
I miss the channel being called Binging with Babish :(
This was a delight and I’m so excited to see more from Sohla!!!!
After watching: not sure Andrew wants to work with Sohla or kill her.
I love this so much. Congrats to everyone putting in work for the BCU.
This video has brought joy upon these cursed times  Thanks Sohla and Andrew. Y'all rock. ♥️
This is rad, I can't to see more
YAY
"People just ate all the cheese they wanted, and then they died"  Glad to see some things never changed
This is some goddamn production value
Welcome, Solo! eeeh, I meant Sohla!
No where is the Binging with Babish pizza pan?
Townsends is quaking
use alot of cheese cuz 18th century ppl died young...yeah that sounds bout right x.x
So she more or less cooks Käsespätzle 😆 oh Sohla you are a treasure
Can you scoop up the rest of the BA team too?!
Thomas Jefferson would be quite proud hehe
Sohla is an awesome addition!
Can you also hire Brad Leone to continue his show "ITS ALIVE" because i miss the boi :((
I feel like I'm on track for an 18th-century life span. "He  just ate all the cheese and died" will be my epitaph.
So excited to see more of Sohla!!
Absolutely loved this.
whats the point of a wheel if you put it in the title
I don't like this style
Should I really be watching this before I’ve had my breakfast? Edit: Okay, I’ve had my breakfast - and who knew a fire pit wouldn’t be able to handle a fire?..
BCU...hella dope👌👌👌👌👌
Love Sohla, excellent addition.
Can’t wait till Saturday!
Finally, I got accepted into a university. I am winning, father.
WHAT!!!???? omg yes i am so happy right now
Hell yeah! We love Sohla, so talented and an actual ray of sunshine 👍🥰🔥
Nice!!! get them all into the boat! :P i miss the BA test kitchen crew
SPÄTZLE JA GUT
Andrew Rea you've done it again!!!! Nothing but money moves, as the kids say. Love you Sohla!!!!
This is a next level move! Could not be more excited!
hmmm now i wanna try some spätzle with cheese sauce
Je dis oui, oui et encore oui !
The good old day
Yaas, Sohla!! I'm so excited for this merger. And that exploding fire pit...😂
A little bit of exploded concrete in your spätzle was pretty commonplace back then.
Pls tell me Priya's the next recruit to the BCU. Really looking forward to this
Oh my god I love you guys. This is such a fantastic idea. BCU is my new religion.
Sohla is amazing.  She could carry her own show easily.  She is beyond talented, creative. She is bold and not afraid to create and/or reinvent other dishes. She is witty, funny and quirky in a good way that is easy to connect with.  Fuck Bon Appetite. They lost one of their most talented cooks/chefs they had, and they will regret it, if they haven't already.  Last but not least, she is insanely beautiful.  More Sohla!!!
YESSSSSSS SOHLA CONTENT AGAHAGAHAHAH
My rocks don't came in fabric bags. 🥺
<3 Sohla <3
YES! YES! YES!
This is more like 17th century. The 1820s is when they had gas stoves commercially. Nice video though
Oh to eat all the cheese I want and die young
When did he change the username m
I love Sohla. This rules.
You are awesome with awesomesauce. I smiled the whole time watching!
Sohla is so adorable! lol. What a great sense of humor
From wikipedia: The first modern recipe for macaroni and cheese was included in Elizabeth Raffald's 1770 book, The Experienced English Housekeeper. Raffald's recipe is for a Béchamel sauce with cheddar cheese—a Mornay sauce in French cooking—which is mixed with macaroni, sprinkled with Parmesan, and baked until bubbly and golden.
**The Townsends have entered the chat **
I needed this. My grandma passed away early this morning, so I need to smile
That was very good, thoroughly enjoyed it. Just one question remains... What is Brad Leone's show going to be called? (Please tell me you got Brad)
ayyy Andrew good for you man I cant tell you how jealous i am that you went for your dream and made it, but now you are hiring your friends to do their own thing with your support  bad ass keep it up mane
I see Sohla I click. I see Babbish I click. I see them both I want to donate. Here here to the growth and development of the channel!! Thank you for the wonderful content :)
Sohla! GOGGLES! I was so concerned for her eyes.
Yassssssssssssssssssssss!!!!!!!!! luv u Sohla
"Did they have mac & cheese in the 18th century?"  *Townsends has entered the chat*
Hell yeah sohla rules!!!!!
You actually made a variation of Käsespätzle, a bavarian dish, that is made since the 17h Century. So you got the right impression, that Mac'n'Cheese is probably a derivative of it. Great Job Sohla, I'm waiting for the next video.
I sense a delicious chaotic energy from this show
I seriously cannot overstate how much I appreciate sohla's mannerisms
This is awesome! I know Andrew will pay her what she’s WORTH
What an embarrassing attempt at food history. I'm sure the food was delicious, but the imaginary history was really sad.
I HAVE BEEN HOPING THAT SHE WOULD JOIN OMG IM SO HAPPY FOR BOTH OF YOU 😭😭😭🥺🥺🥺
That was awesome! So excited for all of the awesome channels through BCU, including Stump Sohla!
I’m currently trying to figure out why this has so many dislikes (in comparison to other videos on this channel)... It seems like a huge accomplishment and a huge step forwards - why is everyone always so mad about change? Lol
Oh my god I love this
YESYESYESSSSSS
This funny to me the video 😂 great video
Watch babish poach all of the old B.A crew.. absolute power move bud
This is great, I fucking love Sohla! Really broke my heart when I had to unsub from BA. Can we get Priya too? 🥳🤣
Y'all need to watch some townsends
I think 18th century peopld would have used more spices on it at least some saffron to not have it be that whiteish colour
Do a video with Townsends!!!
My wildest dreams are finally coming true. The people love Sohla!
Cant wait for the wheel to land on make it sad
gonna go out on a limb and say that game show host microphone was not plugged in to anything
THIS IS EVERYTHING I EVER WANTED!!!
So awesome! Welcome to the Babish family Sohla!
I like your glasses
Very refreshing to see you take a new strategic approach to your business here. Sounds cold when you say it that way, but you're opening the doors to so many talented folks through your platform. Great ideas!
Yes! I'm all about this. More Sohla, then hire Brad, Priya, Molly and Claire....y'know go hire all those BA guys please
Does anyone else feel he could've kept Binging with Babish as it was and started a new channel for this BCU thing?
PLEASE .BRING.BRAD.LEONE
Sohla!!!!
Hell yeah Sohla and Babish!!!!! TT  "People just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, and then they died." That or their fireplaces exploded O.o
Im so glad i get to see Sohla again
The jortssssss
I want to see BCU on food network
please let other members of the bon appetite cast join
I had missed watching her cook, so happy she joined the BCU 😂
This is so good! I just met Sohla and I already love her, so funny and such a fun challenge :D
Great show. I like Sohla
THE FACT THAT THIS HAS ALMOST HALF A MILLION VIEWS AND IT WAS POSTED TODAY
Dang, and I thought this channel couldn't get any better
holy cow the internet needed this right now! this is goddamn amazing.
please keep this going
I loved this
From your home kitchen to this man, this is great, I'm proud
Sohla started the fire!
I’m waiting for more BA stars to join up. Oh, and for Andrew to give his thoughts on the BA breakup.
*_Wtf happened to Binging with Babish_*
This was so much better than I thought it would be. Arguably a television quality video
Yeeees! Missed Sohla!
Loved it! A+
I hope Clare Saffitz joines the BCU next
This is amazing!!
Sohla’s tattoos make me 😍
So this isn't the long-awaited Townsends crossover? Ah well, next time!  In any event, it's great to see the channel expanding and I've really enjoyed Sohla's role in BA videos and in the tempering chocolate video. Excited for what is to come!
In a video full out amazingness, "The wheel's home sick? He has covid? Topical!" absolutely sent me.
Best thing to come to the internet. So happy Sohla has joined the team, she's already crushing it.
Babish evolving into the 2.0 version of Bon Appetite? I'm all for this! Fuck yeah! Let's get Brad & Claire and the rest of the gang in here too! Love what you're doing Babish. Hope there's only greater things to come for you. I'm an old school binger. Been around since you were throwing apples and yoghurt into a blender. So happy to see how far you've come and what you've built for yourself and others. Keep keeping on Andrew <3
I love sohla so much i missed her omg
Sohla!!! 💖 thank you Babish!!!
Wow goodjob on hiring sohla
Here before the comments "real OGs here, binging with babish"
Sohla <3
No Matter what you do as long as i see good food and people i will love it
Man, it’s CRAZY how many views you get on each videos! It’s just amazing...!
Babish just waits outside Bon Appetit HQ to hire people
Love sohla. Great!
OH MY GOD YES WE LOVE US SOHLA!!!!!
Highkey love this
Where is townsends??  XD 18th century was really a nice start! :)
I like having her here and I love her cooking, but I wish the chanel name didnt change :/
Yayyyy Sohla!!!
Sohla's cleverness never cease to entertain me it's so wholesome
That was thoroughly delightful. :)
"People eat all the cheese they wanted to eat then they die."
This is kind of like a free ball edible history with Hannah Hart except it's babish
We all need more Sohla!
Solah is getting the coin she deserves
I’m thrilled to see Sohla! Hooray!!!
Damn. I’m SO happy to see Sohla! She’s WAY to talented to not have an audience. PLUS now this channel FINALLY has a culinary expert. 😂😝
Move over Townsend!
This was awesome. Can't wait to see the next episode!
The production quality for this video is off the charts, I love it
I'm pretty sure they had indoor stoves in the 1700's even if they didn't have induction cooktops.
great! now i get to see more of the girl that took down bon appetit! so brave and stunning..... smh where's Brad ffs
WHAT ARE THOSE SHORTS ANDREW
This was honestly so wholesome.
as an Egyptian , it's funny how people struggle with sohla's name
FINALLYYYYYYYYYYYYY
I'm so happy the Babbyverse is a thing.
That looked so fun!
Ah fuck yeah! Super happy and excited for this evolution! SOHLA IS AMAZING!xx  Edit: Now I've actually watched the video (was just super hyped when I commented originally) and it did not disappoint ^-^ you guys are awesome xx
Loved it.
I'm so glad to have Sohla back in any capacity. Thank you.
apple watches were not created until the 1800s this show is invalid!
Haha. "People just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died". Might be over simplifying it a little bit Sohla, but you do you
Want more of this
My German language teacher always told me it was pronounced Shpāyt-zell.
I’ve seen this and I don’t remember how I lived without it
years from now I'll be able to come to the comment section and say I remember when this channel was called binging with babish
I’ve seen this and I don’t remember how I lived without it
Legit thought it was a Townsend's video
Townsend and sons episode when
Genuinely an awesome idea to expand, plus great content!!
What kind of firepit explodes if you make a fire in it?  Brooklyn smh...
Terrible name and boring guest. This lady is not fun to wattch.
I love this for you Andrew!!! And I'm so happy Sohla is here I love her so much!!!
I love that you are working with Sohla! She is such a talented chef. I love this addition to the channel!
I was so hoping for a John Townsends crossover.
Very good thank you Babish!
I volunteer as tribute to make Sohla a reproduction 18th-century apron!! ❤️
Babish will become the new Bon Appetit (with multiple chefs)...I'm telling you
NICE
Saw a babish ad on a babish video😂
BRuHHHh bAbbLING wIth BaBYs On rCANCH coMerCL
MAH MAN! Damn you guys deserve this and every bit of cockyness that comes with it!!
We love to see it<3
This was awesome, loved the video. Welcome to the channel Sohla!
duo of the century
HELL YEAH!!!!! LET'S GO SOHLA!!! Incredible addition to the channel!!!
Yay I miss Sohla , but I don’t miss how they treat her on BA
actual perfection
0:27 you said the word thrilling and as a WOF fan it triggers me
So so so happy about this I miss Sohla and all the BA peeps so much
So unlimited Sohla and Andrew content? I’m in
LOVE YOU BOTH!!!!!!
YAY SOHLA!!!!
I am happy to see Sohla doing well she more than deserves it. Also the BCU is a pleasant surprise...but a welcome one
So...Binging with Babish is no longer on the Binging with Babish channel?    My head doesn't like this
YES, I was waiting for all the BA talent to find new shows! More Sohla please! :D
Hurray, my favorite New York chef youtubers are re-emerging! ❤️❤️
I’m just 🤩🤩🤩 HOLY SHIT DUDE!
are we giving constructive criticism or no?
I just love how this seemingly silly youtube channel is slowly growing into a real business that's enjoyable for both the creators as their audience. I think this is the beginning of something really good here!
I’m happy that all my ads on his vids are the botanist
OMG YAY SOHLA WE'VE MISSED YOU KWEEN!!!!
Omg yes!!! 🙊
She's an icon, she's a legend, she is the moment
I'm a simple man, I see Sohla, I click, I watch, I like.
Whoa what’s with so many dislikes? I’m curious. Is it because of the name change?
Yay Sohla!
Wow, was not expecting this to turn into a multi-person channel/network, but I'm here for it.
I mean - can the Babish Culinary Universe have hosted shows with everyone that was fucked over by BA? I would love to see them come create something better here and be truly appreciated.
Was it the concrete that exploded and not the wood? Your wood looks a little green, and could have water in it that was creating steam and couldn’t escape.
yes, Yes, YES!
Best business decision ever: Get Sohla involved.
mac and cheese was brought to america in the 18th century by james hemmings, brother to sally and enslaved by thomas jefferson. would have been great to consult a food historian like michael twitty.
HELL. YES
This is fucking delightful
Yes Andrew! Welcome Sohla!
May I add I love you Andrew, but the moment she gave the comment of, "People die young in the 18th century, there's no concern for health. They just eat a lot of cheese and die", shifted the favors to Sohla.
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
Rachael Ray has a recipe for a mac-n-cheese casserole with hot dogs and a lit cheese-roux sauce. It’s been a great, easy comfort food for my family for a while. I’d love to see him Babish the hell out of it.
how does babish make jorts look good
The flood gates have been opened? I hope we eventually get appearances by Claire, Carla and Molly.
Loooooveeeee this
YASSSSSSSSS!!!!!!! WE LOVE SOHLA!!!!!!!!! SHES THE BEST!!!!!!! EVERYONE NEEDS A SOHLA!!!!!!!!!!
Sohla will be the reason I subscribe and that's okay with me
I am honestly so glad about this and I hope it works out great for everyone!
<33333
"they just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" oooooo lordy sounds like a fun time.
Sohla is great
18th century life according to Sohla: >eat cheese >die
During this whole video, the cheese hater lactose intolerant me keep drooling for some of that
Sohla is great hope you can get more people from bon appetit like Molly Claire Martin etc that would be so cool I’m looking forward to everything new
This was great. I love Sohla!!! And I’m excited to see more
This great! I've missed seeing sohla!!!
3 mins in and i love this series
Sohla made a carbonara inspired dessert in the test kitchen and it was the coolest thing to see. Awesome that she's here!
This episode was brought to you by B.A. hahaha. Congrats Sohla
Love this!💕
Love the new show, I have a suggestion for binging with babish. Blue cheese cookies from snow dogs. I've always wanted to try them they looked so good in the movie
My old job was at a restaurant called graft. They made their mac and cheese with buttermilk spetzel and topped it with smoked gouda and croutons. Unfortunately they closed but that is still the best mac and cheese I've ever consumed in my life.
OMG XD "people ate all the cheese the wanna eat and then they died"  SOHLA <3
I see Babby's providing some much-needed safe harbor for one of the most badly-burned former _Bon Appetit_ staff members. Hoping she's getting paid well for this.
Babish got his own ad
Sure Spätzle with cheese ist good. Just add caramelized  onions and it is authentic German food ;)
change ur name back, bud.
this brings me so much joy i love this
Wait...IS NO ONE ELSE WONDERING WHY THE CONCRETE EXPLODED?!
Awesome 👏
I like Sohla I like Babish, Put them together you have a hit!
Chocolate chip cream sundae supreme! (from Sonic Unleashed)
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay Sohla!
This is making me so excited, I love seeing them together!
this is probably my favorite thing ever to happen. yep.
I legit thought this was townsends at first
this was great! can't wait for more!
Welcome to the BCU, Sohla!!! ^-^
Spätzle *_* never expected to see them here :D
YES YES YES
YESSSSSS WE LOVE SOHLA
Käsespätzle???
Oh hell yes. Babish gave Vinchenzo sanctuary from CN, now Sohla too!
anybody else notice he used tiny whisk as a handkerchief in his suit... classy.
FUCK YEAH!! We love Sohla!!!
Try sign them all, the investment would pay, Brad needs a show 100%
I want to see Beat The Babish on Whell of fortune
Amazing! Love Sohla!
18th century cooking eh? Gee never heard or seen about that on this website...
This was so good!!!
My two loves together again!!
5 hours to make mac and cheese.....sounds like a good time
"It feels so medieval''  It hurts my history teacher soul. The medieval age ended in the 15th century, not in the 18th!
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted, and then they died"  - Sohla 2020   *Wisconsin wants to know your location*
babish's bald is a perfect balanced tortilla texture
They went there! Good luck trying to stomp her, last time that happened, she made the mothership explode and sparked a change in the entire culture. She’s Luke.
When Sohla almost lost the sausage, the yelling in the background was exactly how I reacted 😂
ive never clicked so fast omg
i'm sorry i don't like it please i hate change no god no.
This is what 2020 needed. SOHLA & BABISH TAG TEAM VIDEO DUO 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
this is some Townsends kind of shit, love it
Sohla looks like a 18th century boy w that haircut xD
Wooo go BCU
Loving the new BCU
loved this
I thought this was a Townsends video for a second.
I’d love to see a YSAC collab again :)
Sohla I missed you, yesssss
How good can the BCU get? Babish: Yes Sohla: Yes Future Guests: Yes
The Spätzle are too big.
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
the editing's a bit rough but yay for sohla!
SO AMAZING!!!!! YAY!!!!!!
I love this! My only critique is that I wish it was longer! I'd love to see Sohla's research and hear more about how to recipe comes together... I guess my request is more Sohla generally. And I'm okay with that.
Spätzle are normally made with eggs, it's the primary ingredient
this is great, I missed Sohla so much!
This was cringe
So this is the two story garden apartment we’ve been in all this time, can’t wait for a full tour!
Wooooooooow I loved the changes!!! Congrats!!
king shit
I always enjoy your videos. Keep up the amazing work and congrats.
Käse Spätzle (cheese Spätzle) is an actual German dish.👍
SOOOOOOOOHHHHLLLLA!!!!   Yay :)
Sohla! This really made my day!
*Bon Appetit:* I am inevitable. *Andrew Rea:* And I... am... Babish...
Sohla just brings a huge smile to my face!
To be honest I preferred bingeing with Babbish. It worked much better because your channel is very easy to binge ☹️
yes yes yes
05:08 I freaking love the edit, its hilarious. I also really love the bts.
Also I love the little commentary/interactions from banish. Their chemistry is great!
um... nab Brad please?
BRILLIANT!
i hate this segment.
Am I the only one noticed that babish has the same mic as pewds?  Very unusual
I MISSED QUEEN SOHLA 🥺
Fuck yeah! Looking at BA test kitchen like “i don’t know this man”
Sohla should've watched The Modern Rogue on a fire tutorial lol
YESSSSSSSS
What if Babish just absorbs all of BA
Whoever made that fire pit should be sued. That shit was dangerous.
I need this soundtrack in every babish video.
This is pretty great ngl. Always liked her ✌️
Great video!
Sohla is awesome!
So you made Kaasspatzn. Welcome to Allgäu, part of Schwaben
wait a second this isn't townsend
Sohla is adorable! Please edit EXACTLY LIKE THIS in the future. Thanks, Babby!
Yay! So happy for Sohla
Nice
Sohla sho yeah
I love this so much and I'm very happy to see Sohla back on Youtube
And then there's me watching this eating kraft mac and cheese
Well this is bloddy amazing !
two of my favourite people in the same video😩
"Back then they died young... people just ate all the cheese they wanted to eat, then they died" - Sohla El-Waylly, Historian
this is so great! i'm glad sohla's skills are being actually valued!
I saw that title and thought you were making a collaboration with Townsend
I really like this. I am a bit afraid that the channel won't do the stuff I subscribed in the first place. I've seen it before on other cooking channels like Sorted they're just not the same anymore. However don't let my fear stop you! I know you never disappoint!
Are you going to start adding everyone over ba one by one? Then by Thanksgiving next year we have a huge crossover where everyone makes dishes for a Thanksgiving meal?
Nice to be rich.
Very excited for the "MAKE IT SAD" part of the wheel
So this was fun! Can't wait for the when we actually stump Sohla! If it is possible
Vinny, Sohla, Brad, Claire, Chris and Delaney we have to stop this bald man from collecting all 6 and killing half the universe
Remember to pay royalities to Townsends in nutmeg
No waayyy! Love the new channel name, the new ideas and SOHLA!!! That's awesome!
OMG SOHLA!!!!
lets goooooooooooooooooooooo
What the heck is ‘illusions food’???
👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
He changed the name?
Yesse!
Such an intelligent move changing your channel name to greater embody multiple channels. Now your growth as a created and an entrepreneur is guaranteed. Congrats my man and I’m excited to see where you take this.
Great Video. Happy that Sohla is the first hero to join the BCU!
The YouTube algorithm finally came in clutch
Queen!!!!
OH MY GOD! I just realized that she is saying Spätzle and that makes so much sense. Turns out I've been eating original Mac'n cheese my whole life 👁️👄👁️
She is funny lol
I'm beyond happy to see more Sohla
rip bingeing with babish
This is so great in so many ways
This is exciting.
Babish, so proud of you for supporting Sohla. I had missed seeing her content. More power to both of you!
You should collab with James Townsend one day.
I love this
18th century cooking + recorder playing? Hell yeah!
Why isn't this on trending
recruit chef john asap
Yes! I am so here for this! Sohla is the best! I will be watching every episode!
Do not be surprised if you eventually see the whole BA staff with Babish. First Vinny, now Sohla. But who will be next? Find out, on the next episode of..... Babish Culinary Universe!
The year is 2030 Andrew and Co has absorbed the entirety of Bon Appetit into the BCU It is now the new Bon Appetit and has taken up residence in One World Trade Centre.
18th Century cooking.....  But this isn’t Jas Townsend & Son?  Eeeeeeeeeh! I’m all discombobulated!
Sohla's own show!! YASS!
R.I.P Binging with Babish, the originator of this awesome channel, but now we welcome the Babish Cinematic Universe
"People ate all the chese they wanted"  Still is the same :/
*Townsends wants to know your location*
Stoked to see Sohla in front of the camera!
Thank you, Sohla!!!
the “basics” part of “basics with babish” is “skilled poc deserve basic recognition at the very least” and i am here for this subtle bon appétit vague posting
5:04 Sohla: *approaches with 18th century torture device* Fire: Get back! I'm warnin' ya!
Complete honesty, I wasn't sure I would like this when it started, but her awkward charm is infectious, I'm looking forward to the next one!
I loved this first episode, this is gonna be a great series!!
Really excited for this, Sohla didn't get nearly enough attention at Bon Appétit
lolwut is this
YEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!! I'm loving all this love Sohla's been getting!
Did she just bang 2 rocks together thinking one of them would magically turn to flint and make sparks?
YES SOHLA!! Better things are on the horizon for her. So glad she is finally being respected!
All I keep thinking is: "Damn, Dora grew up lovely and got tatted! Can you say 'muy calienté'? Thaaaat's right!"  🔥🖖🏾🥰🔥
Ahhh, why did you have to change the name?
Sohla is the best,
the wheel bit was so CHEEZY I love it
Shola content is quality content
Regretting those tattoos? Yeah, i been there.
I did not know I needed this until now!!!
"Ooooh ahhhh -- you don't care." WE CARE SOHLA! :)
oooooooooooooooh i missed sohla so much!!!!
Wasn't here at the very start, but at around 1.2 million subscribers, and I'm really glad that number grew exponentially later on. Really top quality videos that have a strange calming quality to them that I really appreciate and can't get enough of. Can't wait to see how the BCU will continue from here!
Man imma miss the old name but i need to ask will there be the style of content as older vids cause i enjoyed those
Excellent show! But in the future, may I suggest that Sohla dresses according to the century where the dish comes from?
I love this
Awesome new section of the channel, I absolutely loved it! But GOD DAMN, please plug the microphone in! At least have a cable trailing somewhere, it doesn't even need to be connected to anything at the other end 😂
If you guys do more old time cooking, try and have JAS Townsend to join, his specialty is colonial era cooking
Babish + Sohla = What We Need YouTube should add a LOVE IT button just for this show
Because back then they died young...
Babish Culinary Universe, bringing underpaid experts to show off against rapopopoport
OK, I have to admit that the description of the show did not sound appealing. I grudgingly started watching and at just a minute or two in, I was loving it! Sohla has a great sense of humor, and I'm really looking forward to future episodes!
DCU: 5 MCU: 9 BCU: 1637917539292663929163673382972639HDISBYWO1739;£
I’m a simple girl, I see Sohla, I click
The new name doesn’t have the same kick as Binging with Babish
Lmao Sohla's acting is so awkward and adorable
Yay!! this is amazing! we love you Sohla <3
finally a show that can utilize sohla’s infinite talents, just what she deserves <3
I love Sohla so much! Super excited to see her not be stumped each week because she's so talented and creative. Also, more weird childhood stories please.
I watched your content because it was the opposite of the shit tier content Tasty produces... you have literally copied their entire format. I guess anime is the only true place to find serious cooks giving serious advice like your first videos.
We eat the 18th century mac and cheese here in austria still today... but we call them "kasspotzn"... and this has nothing to do that we life in the wood
Happy to see Sohla get a full time gig that pays properly  I still miss the peak BA content but the talent is more important.  You gonna film with ol' Brad Leone again?
Damn why not get townsend on this man made 19th centere mac
I thought this was a Townsends video.
she left bon appetite and went to babish. POWER MOVE ANDREW 👏🏽💯
WE LIKE THIS LOTS YAY SOHLA
SOHLAAAA OMG I WANNA CRY
i can't wait for more ppl to show up in the universe!
This was great but wow 'Babish Culinary Universe' is a dumb name.
Is there an extended Babish Culinary Universe?
Next episode: tiny cooking with Sohla!! I need to see some walnut pots and pans 😂
I can't explain how happy I am for Sohla. She deserves everything!!
SO MUCH YES!!!!!!!!!!!
Yay! We loveeee Sohla!!!!!
this just shows how far and pathetic humans have become can’t even make a fire
i AM STOKEEEEED 🤩🤩💛💛💛💛💛
This is so oddly satisfying 😌 reminds me my hometown where cooking with wood with super basic tools is part of our everyday. Yay  Sohla! You are my new mac & cheese 🌟 ⭐
So incredibly happy about this
We cant ship these to bc binging with babish already has a girlfriend
18th Century cooking? Someone get Townsends on the phone!
Thought this was going to be a Townsends video for a second
The bright setting combined with the music and babish and sohlas' cheeryness made this very delightful to watch. Excited for what it turns into
What kind of concrete do you crazy people use ? It was not even that big of a flame !
I hear spaetzle and my Baden(-Wuerttemberg) heart goes wild! Beautiful episode!
Yay i love her!!
wait what is this channel
Amazing!!!
Yesssss, what I've been waiting for, for a while, Sohla has her own show. With someone I hope pays her fairly this time. I wouldn't expect babish not too tbf, he seems a genuinely good person and not like the leadership at BA.
she is such a wholesome person and quite the talented one as well! An absolute joy to watch and listen.
I didn't look closely enough at the thumbnail in my anxiety to click, and I fully committed to the idea that I was about to watch a series of episodes of Sohla cooking on a stump. Let this be a testament to my love.
I do believe Georgey Wash had a mac and cheese recipe.
Love it! Funny, informative and the tiny wisks in babby sports jacket really got me.
YAAAAAAAS SOHLA IS THE ONE I NEED TO SEEEEEE!!! That is LOVELY 😻❤️❤️
BEE SEE YOU
"people just ate all the cheese they wanted and then they died" that's still the goal sohla
Omg yes more of this! Sohla's talent really shines through.
Missed opportunity to use the tiny whisk as the game show mic LOL
Can we just recreate all the BA YouTube series on BWB?
It'd be pretty cool to see a more of an eric andre editing style for this. Love it so far
YEEEEEES!!!
I hope you're paying her well
I fucking love Sohla
I love sohla
Huh. Neat.
This was great. I’ll definitely be tuning in.   A bit of constructive criticism:   I wish it were longer! It felt a little rushed. Both of you are really entertaining, so I want to see more of you! With cooking videos, I like to settle in and watch for a good 20-30 minutes. Almost like a television episode.    Regardless, I’ll be watching future episodes. Thank you!
SOHLAAA I'm so excited about this. And as much as I like the typical babish content, I'll definitely be around more often for Sohla content.
that commercial break was genius
omg, just saw Sohla's IG update and now it's live? OMG!
Our queen has returned to us at last
New lens for that intro? It usually fits both of your ears in shot
this is absolute
This was an awesome video, can't wait to see more. The audio in the intro was kind of low and Babish your audio was a little low at the end. Thanks for being awesome !!!
.
NOOOO. Please keep the name
THIS WAS ONE OF THE BEST DECISIONS
Invite David So and Tim Chantarangsu and cook with the Chantarangsauce.
SOHLA AND ANDREW WORKING TOGETHER! CHRISTMAS CAME EARLY THIS YEAR!!!!
Yessss!! Sohla!
Gsg
I swear these cooking channels are getting bigger and bigger
Woot Sohla out here finally get paid for her on-screen time!  Yes girl!
SOHLA’S MAKING A COMEBACK BA WHO? NO ONE NEEDS BA WE NEED BCU
Words really can’t express how truly happy this made me!!! 😭😭😭 I’m soooo excited for the next episode!!! Both your guys’ humor, the editing, Sohla’s amazing cooking skills... all on point!! 😂🙌🏽
I smell a crossover opportunity with the Townsends
I'm so happy for Sohla! Shes so funny and intelligent!
Using his platform to support a fellow chef. We see you sir...
So when are you scooping up Hunzi?
BCU really took things seriously, 5 minute in and already talking about death... i loved it
I, for one welcome our new culinary overlords!
I needed some Sohla content out here!! 😭
Ohh my god!! Thank you for this. I have been waiting to see more videos featuring Sohla. Finally world will get to see how talented and skilled Sohla is. Love it!!❤️
Sohlaaaaaaaaa!!!
"*they just ate all the cheese they wanted then died*"  Honestly current plans, this may just happen 😏🤔
can i get a jenna marbles "HEELL YEA"?!!?!
This is a good move but it makes me sad lol
I love this however I think the only thing that would have made it better is more actual historical research, obvs research wouldn’t be necessary for most of these episodes but it would been cool to see her look at 18th century recipes that are similar to Mac and cheese
This is AWSOME news! So well deserved :-))
*laughs in red dead redemption remake*
Go you!!! Your channel is THRIVING💅🏼
Wow I'm really in love w sohla, she's amazing,funny and super talented🖤🖤
Get Brad leone on the channel as well. Best of luck for the channel. 👍💪🤝
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES SOHLA FINALLY GETTING THE LOVE SHE DESERVES
I feel so much better now that Sohla has returned to my screen!
I really missed her this was nice
THIS IS WONDERFUL I LOVE SOHLA!!!!
YAY SOHLA!!!!!!
YES! I love Sohla!
Andrew! I love your face! You have no idea how happy I am to see Sohla on your channel. After BA did her and the others so wrong I was so worried it would be forever before I got to see her smiling face on my feed again. Then she popped up on your tempering chocolate episode and now this. I'm here for the BCU I'm here for all of your new shows~!
nobody: Sohla: when i was a child i was an arsonist and had no friends
OMG BCU I LOVE IT  After all the knowledge you've filled my brain with I'm so glad to have been subscribed for so long.  I go to your videos as a textbook almost.  I am proud that your creativity and content has attracted so many people
Hey! Babish! There's a brilliant 18th century re-enactor chef by the name of Jas Townsend on YouTube, I'd love to see a collab with you two, maybe even add 18th century cooking into the BCU!
Oh... oh this I love.
She looks like Lord Farquad
I'm still gonna call it Binging with Babish
Kässpätzle is the OG way 💪 greetings from Swabia
Käse Spätzle 😘😘😘
She needs to watch Jas Townsand and Sons for all things 18th century cooking... They did have Mac and Cheese.
No hate for anyone on this show but...dora, is that you?
