Weld you another flat piece on the gas pedal
Make sure your trans is plenty strong to handle hauling an extra 2 tons when you haul a car
I recently bought a n 87 Nissan d21 hard body truck and can't wait to see an episode on this Toyota...
Thats a sexy old ramp truck. For it's size and weight it moves out really fast
Seriously, before the graphic came up I knew it was 355s. I have no idea why. Oh wait, yeah I'm a psychic
Just Suscribed bro good Vibes from San Francisco California 🤙  Road Kill never dies
9,5 sec for 0-60 ! ( 100 km/h) not bad for a 4 tons ,, Hot-Wheel's ,, style Truck !  with around 550 Rwhp !!
I Remember this Toyota Truck. Because it used 55 Quarts of Oil when you were on your trip
Out of all of your Tow Rigs this on is my Favorite one Mike
Why didn't you  have Disc Brake's put on it Mike  ?
Mike Finnegan do you make a  T Shirt with this Ramp Truck on it  yet ?
Cool truck
That's the Toyota truck that you & David Freiburger put 56 Quartz of Oil in it. While you both were on your Road trip Mike
Brother, what is that color on that ramp truck?
Its beautifull Sir
Finnegan I am thinkin about getting a 1960 C60 truck with an inline 6 4 speed with a dual speed rear axle. This truck will be used as a log hauler.  I want to get rid of the clutch, bad hip and back. I want to drop in a turbo charged Duramax diesel and Allison transmission. Then I have to deal with the dual speed rear axle. What can I do and still haul the weight...
That's a amazing truck fellers
Exit 127 😂 that’s a hidden gem
He that’s more I thought you would get.
Cool hauler but that's the ugliest blower scoop I've ever seen guys it's an eyesore on an otherwise nice lokkin truck.
9:00 in You are in my home town of Jacksonville on the Mathews bridge. I live 5 minutes from there!!!
P 30 GM RV Chassis
👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
I had an exact copy of that truck. mine was a 1975 5spd HiLux SR5 and had a real tire burner engine in it known as a 22R mtr. it was slow as Molasses as it had a real low geared rear end. I Blew it up. it wouldn't even do 65mph in 5th gear. Good Riddance Toyota POS. now I own and drv only American GM made vehicles.
Ok, wait a second.  HOW can you live so close to Atlanta and NEVER eat at The Varsity????
Love that truck! My favorite ramp truck aside from the roadkill ramp truck
You was in sin city that's the nickname of the nayborhood
Wow you was in my town should have stopped by
If you love it so much and you want it to stay a gasoline truck then put a lsx454 in it lol
@Finnegans Gargage I wish you had a better experience with your cummins and you would of if you used a common rail. The power difference is night and day vs the 6bt you used.  1200hp clean burning dailly driven stock block setups are achieved with common rail cummins isb.
9:34 that's why you don't let your kids on to TikTok
The Varsity sucks now. Don't waste your money.
Dam can u buld my c 50 like that
I missed where he said what the new rear end gear ratio was in the new rear end.
That thing's actually ugly. Compared to me of course. Speaking of you're getting fat. That's when you know you're happy. When you lose 100 lb and gain a inch. Lawyers know what I mean. Politicians bankers, man you might be moving out of your income bracket.
2 mpg and custom ac
Crack kills
I honestly would put a new modern fuel injected motor and eight speed automatic transmission into your ramp truck
Needs a Duramax and a Allison transmission!
Thanks fin.
How long will a blower last on a gas engine like that  ?  Will the paddles wear out ?   Just asking .
Where yall from in ga im in cobb I had to subscribe when I saw that tag
MUCH 🙏🏼LOVE N RESPECT. 👍FROM  SAN FRANCISCO. 🎄kIPP Coming. Dosss. videos.💯 Bro 🙏🏼☃️
Run what you brung,hell yeah!
I'd daily that if I had the pockets for the fuel bills, that's one sick looking rig, inside and out!
ls turbo swap do wheelies
Nice looking ramp truck. Except for that shaky thing on the hood
A 2 x 4 or 4 x 4 block of wood helps with an angle issue. I had to do that with a semi trackor.
Best of luck with everything, fan👍!
dude put a 700r4 in it! or at least a gear vendors overdrive
Will never get anything better than your original intro. The music on the new videos n intro are great, but my personal favorite is your original. Even more than anyone else. You are the best, intro n content. Keep it going Mike.
couldve found the pinion ratio pretty easy since you already had it on the jack. spin the drum one full revolution and count how many times the input rotated.
It had a brake light out, so we put a blower on it. Awesome stuff guys
I had one of those little D series Toyota trucks, frame was so bad on it I had more fish plates than actual original frame metal on the frame. . every time it broke in a diffrent spot i just glued a new slab or Wrought iron on the two frame chunks..  But i was way smarter than the broken frame toyota. I parked it and replaced it with a ford ranger in same fate. Yup buy a truck from a fully relieable seller sight unseen, un test driven, with happy to sell seller happy to put your new unit in front of your house after you meet in a truck stop to pay him. and you end up with what you were wanting to get away from. However the ranger done better, with cab actually sitting on the frame with no attaching cab mounts from rust, a Huck bolt gun several huck bolts a 1/8th  of a ton of flat bar worth more than the truck and a few welds i happily drove the ranger nearly 6 yearsonly refreshing the motor in the living room of the old old slum ville mobile home i hid out in for a few years. Marriage break ups can force some one to make harsh choices.   only saying one thing about it all i wish my son woulda stayed the way he was when he stayed in that mobile home with me...
"Wayze" last time I used that, I ended up 40 miles outta my way and ended up later than had I just waited in the line passing the const....  never again.
That dirt road was anal raping country. Do not stop because you do have a purdy mouth. I heard the song from deliverance playing the whole time.
LMAO!!!!!!!!! I think I know that dirt road you were!!!! LOL
A 12 volt, 18000 btu ac unit for your ramp truck.  Might as well ride in comfort.    https://www.amazon.com/18000BTU-Wall-Mounted-Conditioner-Three-speed-Adjustable/dp/B0872YRH33/ref=mp_s_a_1_10?dchild=1&keywords=12+volt+portable+air+conditioner&qid=1621170946&sr=8-10  Or,  https://www.amazon.com/Dometic-Polar-White-Conditioners-B57915-XX1C0/dp/B00SQ2GEJA/ref=mp_s_a_1_21?dchild=1&keywords=12+volt+portable+air+conditioner&qid=1621171158&sr=8-21
Diesel's are more efficient, and durable. But you know this Mike! Stop complaining...
Great video !!!!  Great tow truck and great mini truck!!!!!   Thanks for sharing!!!!
Can we all agree Mike is just dope af? Smooth and cool.
Just love GPS not
A rice burner???? You both should be TARRED & FEATURED !!!! Putting AMERICAN MUSSEL UNDER THAT HOOD!!! Ashamed of you!!!
1k comments
I enjoyed watching you guys this weekend with my son who bought this truck.
Final installment??? Please don't tell me yall got rid of this beautiful truck
Whatever happened to the Cummins C30 car hauler?
Had GPS set for shortest distance.  Now that's cool truck
Cool Stuff , terrible quality of video.. how'd ya guys manage to turn such cool stuff into this boring content?
That tinfoil over the the breather flopping in the wind would honestly drive me NUTZ!
My daily gets 11.5mpg If I'm easy on her... If I'm not,  It's worth every gallon.
Actually pretty good mileage my 84 c20 454 cam headers th400 3.73, 3000stall gets 6-7mpg empty
Why do you guys do stupid crap like this. Take chances of not getting where your going. Take the time and fix it right. That's what people want to see.
Gear benderz overdrive.
hey mike, when your woman asks if 2 quarts over is bad, and your response is "depends on how bad the valve cover gaskets are" is that too roadkill?
The truck you bought couldn’t pull a whore of a piss pot
I have truck like that.  Really wish could fix up. Really like that one. But just fixed up would be crazy.  Dam it's bad ass!!!! Right on! Love to see.
Im from Maine, and my GPS does that too. I wound up going down a 15% dirt road one night just to find it closed at the bottom.   Can’t get there from here.
I can do better but out with a yugo.🤣
I have a 1967 ford f600 trying to hot rod. I want to get rid of two speed rear end and put better gears for highway speed. Any suggestions.
My truck barely gets 5 MPG
If only y'all still did roadkill on youtube I miss it
Love this truck!
Is that a c50 body on a c10/20/30 frame?
Burn out is like. I think I can I think I  Can.
The varsity is good but it’s like Taco Hell be prepared too stay in the bathroom lol
First common sense rule- never rely on a gps road mapping device.... use a road atlas....
God I could really use a ramp truck...moving CA to FL and have a handful of projects to move and tools and guns and my junk.
I've got a 1960 c50 Viking for sale in Cartersville Kentucky
Hometown heroes
hood drives me nuts
I thought I saw this truck come through Jacksonville! I saw it go by me on the Mathews Bridge. The Red one coming out of downtown =)   =)
Lmao I would so love to do a trip with y’all and my mini me
Ive welded a lot of axles and tongues on mobile homes , and a block or even two helps keep the tires from blowing out from rubbing the out riggers .......then you have a blowout on the road you got about thousand in-patient road ragers to deal with.....
It's all about justification, I'm buying a blower for my pull truck causssssssse Finnegan's got one. Justified.
Just a quick question do you have to have blow through carbs on a 6/71 blower or is it ok to run duel  750 hollys
Crazy to watched roadkill back when it wasn't nuked off youtube and see Mike now
love your show your a cool dude..😎👍
What a great truck!  🇺🇸👌🏻
The varsity is a really good place to eat
What happened to the big four door Ford with the Cummins are repaired on the road way up North?✌
"Its fine"
It would be a dream come true to come work for you guys I’ve always dreamed of doing stuff like this I instead went the military route and I am now active duty army infantry getting out soon my home town is dahlonega ga would be a dream come true
The hood needs to be modified it's to light weight thin and shakey, and  square, the rest of the truck looks good motor badass.
Then again your hood needs some good racing man I think spoken all over the place
The single cab 2wd ford f150 at my job gets 8.4 mpg with the 5.4l triton
I just found a cab and chassis of one of these it’s has a big chrome badge on the front saying she’s powered by a 427 . It has a very low stance and very large wheel well mouldings that look a little strange to me . I can’t say that I’ve seen another in 30 years when I use to play in the old scrap yards . Most of that cool tin got crushed in the early 2000,s when scrap rose upon value .
Yooo MY COUSIN just bought this from you!  Long time watcher of yours. Cool one of your rigs is in my family now! So cool!
Are y’all coming back to Indiana mountain
I love the truck it’s perfect
Whoever put those traction bars on the truck was an optimist lol.
My GPS took me off roading as well. While on a date with my wife in her car lol. Nothing like driving down a dry creek bed in a Pontiac g6 and the gps saying turn right here. It made it though
Surprised I didn't see you in Jacksonville I drive across them bridges everyday
I have a 2005 honda foreman 500 the brand new choke lever is sized again now because it's the same way like it's fuel injected even minus 10 celcius like he said just wierd
So why didn't you put a 4-speed automatic n
Shit, that thing is heavier than my old D100 Ram, with a larger engine and a supercharger. And it only gets 1.3mpg worse.
Iv got an 86 Toyota pickup with a 283 turbo in it lol
Theres a badass Luv up here for sale Pulls low 9's with a twin turbo 283
Got'a luv that V-60 A/C
That goddamn thing will outrun  my car.
I’m pretty sure Iv seen this truck at Indian mountain
1000th comment
1000th comment
Todo esta bien, se ve muy moderno. Pero esa cosa en el cofre, y digo cosa por que no se nombre ponerle. Se ve espantoso. Se invertio unos buenos dolares, y no se pudo gastar unos mas para poner una toma de aire en el cofre. Por favor!!!!!. Saludos desde Mexico.
C50s. Rule all very ran in uncs. Shop from 66. Boy 78
Yeah so I'll call it now, give it 5 or 10 years and people will be all like "yeah we run three turbo series compounds on our pump gas truck for altitude compensation, then we just trim it back (the boost) a touch to control detonation..."
This thing needs a duramax with a bigger turbo sticking out of the hood and a allison transmission
I guessed at 375 rear and when you post a 355 I thought about right.
I’d ditch that Toyota , for a S10 !!!🇺🇸
For a second, just one, I thought (hoped) it was a Mazda but noooooo it's a Toyota.... So disappointing
Thanks for showing.
8.7 isn't bad, my 8.1L Avalanche only gets 9 on a good tank.
Putting Roadkill behind a paywall was Finnegan's Garage' smartest move.
You got a purdy mouth!  Squeal piggy squeal!!!!   If you had Dave with ya use him as axe murderer bait!  Throw a wig and dress on him.  Helllooo coal miners daughter lol   Great video guys!
Just got 8mpg from Seattle to alexandria la in my uhaul I truly feel your pain
Hey bro love the channel! You should get what i use now ON EVERY vehicle with electric fans the DERALE PWM (pulse modulated) fan controller, 80 amp breaker interall auto resetting, SOLID STATE circuitry NO mechanical relays or reostats, Stick/glue on temp sensor OR get the better factoty style screw in temp sensor from them, Full hidden wiring that has a bolt on aluminum cover that hides all the stud post style terminal connections, it also has a air conditioning 12volt input so when the A/c is on it goes to a minmum 60% BUT without a/c input wire showing + battery volts the controller will start at 1% fan speed and increase only until the tempature stops rising past the degree you set it to then it ramps down as the temp goes below set tempature until its a few (5 or 10 i think) degrees lower than set temp and it goes down quickly to zero.   Theres never a alternator LOAD when the fans start because instead of full amps or low then high amps IT always starts at 0 then 1% then 2% as needed making the current draw very low and the less cooling needed like while moving it will use almost no amps or turn off the fans. Best thing ever for a street vehicle .
Isn't this thing already gone?
NEEDS A/C
MIKE DID YOUR OLD RATSUN EVER SHOW UP AFTER IT WAS STOLEN ?
I like watching you with, less Fiebirger. You and Tony are better yoked. Not Hating on Dave.... But Dave acts to pissy..
You should put air bags and A/C Mike...
That’s sad my 2500 89 Chevy gets 5-6 empty just sad
All they way to the top tip top of Georgia
Oh... you went way past macon .. lol
You were rolling down towards macon... my town!! And the Varsity fries are the best!!
Anyone else notice the frame flex when he let the jack down?
1972 amc hornet sportabout remix in the works??
More roadkill!!!!!!!!
wow you bought a trd....aka a TURD
I had a 71c 10 that I rebuild but it was almost identical to the same green as your c50 love the classic Chevy's. Keep up the amazing work!
Y'all live in Georgia and you didn't think to install a/c in the truck?     Oh well 70by2 wirks well enough! 70 m.p h. And 2 windows rolled down plus the side vents held open by a spare drum brake or carburetor spring. That is a cool truck! I love it!!!!!
Nice truck...let’s hear it for American muscle trucks! A 454...I like the engine, but not sure that ratio is right for that truck. That front clip looks cool. Love seeing old trucks of the 60-70s like this! 🇺🇸🥰
My 89 f350 460 5 speed running N/A with Holley terminator X MPFI still only gets 9.0mpg unloaded on a good day.
Varsity is trash 😂
So cool seeing y’all in my hometown. Under that red bridge, there’s a tiny island you can see called exchange island. It was a resort in the 80’s now reclaimed by the wild. Used to get pretty wasted there in high school. Miss that city
I've lost count of all the mini trucks you have. Do you still have that Datsun mini truck you bought when you and Freiburger got his roadrunner?
Love this spring's holding the mirror open !! You need a set on the hood, so it ain't flapping in the wind
Wow just badass dude . I would love this truck.
That hood rattle is driving me crazy
want the c50 so much!!!
Lovely truck, but now sold?
Was that in Sun City off of Arlington Expressway and Atlantic
"Good things about the Varsity?" Sure, if you like soiling yourself without warning.
I get 8.5 with my 86 f150 with an EFI 302. In the city.
Bro, you can turn that little brake drum right there one big circle around and count the yoke turning 3 1/2 small circles which would answer ur question quicker than waiting for a text bothering some body, lol...
I love how your hoods and trunks are so flimsy lol
Two guys out in the night were never so happy to get their assfelt...
a/c and air bags!
With all the heavy trucks here lately I think his new nickname should be Mike "Medium" Finnegan.
Cool project! Jacksonville is my old hometown
9:34 what the heck is that kid doing? LOL
Gotcha beat....my dually gets 8.3mpg but It also weighs 9400+ with me in it
That's BAD ASS !!!!!    👍👍👍
I will take that LS3 off ur hands?
I was a little unsure about the 30 spline inner 35 spline outter axle for the 14 bolt. I believe that spec is for a 14 bolt converted to a front steering axle. That rear 14 bolt maybe was converted from 30 spline to 35 spline?
jeez, watching that hood flop about is annoying...  You have a tube bender right?  How about making some bars to reinforce around the cuts, maybe jumping up into the hump, so that the hood isn't flapping about? I'm sure it would help with air collection and direction into the filters, and, it would make things last longer-including your custom scoops....  You could do it for your other vehicles too, we know you have the skills to attach it effectively, and you wouldn't need a lot of metal to do it, nor would you need thick metal, some thin wall box tube would be more than sufficient to fix it... and as a trucker, please get the spring situation fixed, it's not Your driving that worries me, it's what you'll need to do when the other guy plays his bs in front of you...
Back in the day, david lee roth tried to make it on his own. why not finnegan? but being here nor there, does it really matter? We love ya brotha.
What brand side mirrors are those??? Sweet truck!!!
When you drive GMs. You deserve to change that motor. I drive a Ford. I can Beat on it every day. And never change it. My 94 got beat on every day for 3 years. 302. 268000 miles when I got hit. It was still running when I pulled it apart.
yep my old fury you kept 4x4 chunks in trunk ,,, to add a killer front suspension when torsion bars break,, handling machine lol..
Going to be a fun little truck with that motor in it
The ‘Two Lane Blacktop’ hood scoop.
that flopping hood would drive me nuts.  awesome trucks though!
The most pathetic burnout I've ever seen. But I'm guessing you guys will redeem yourselves sometime in the future.
too bad he just got rid of it and square force one is for sale I get attached and he gets rid of stuff
No AC. Not a good commuter truck in the south. I love that you say all the way back to Ga. Like Jacksonville is not 30 minutes from Ga :) Now not your home but still GA.
Maybe a little less engine in ramp truck use money for A/C......
What is the outro song?
What's the name of the artist playing at the end? Please
Mr Mike you are my God👊🏻
So much pro talk about the engine Finnegan but you couldn't rig a gas pedal c'mon bruh
Hey I haven’t watched in about 4 years, what happened to the c10 or the charger, and stubby bob, and jag with the hide intake, and all the other cars?
You guys need to get some parts off a 3-ton farm truck: - an Eaton 2-speed differential. One ratio for fun & one ratio for the highway) 😆 - a locking throttle knob (aka cruise control)
Time for a semi moder 4 speed hey mr 8.7 miles per gallon. All that money, nice garage and tools and using scrap wood to support the truck.
I saw you the night you got home, on 41 I was in the golden grand wagoneer
Woohoo
881 comments and, I did not go through all of them to find out if I am the first to mention that; You have a pack of overload spring leafs BUT, no stops for them. Just the funky U-bolts down to the main pack. Next to useless.  The easiest way to change a rear axle is; jack the chassis way up and, roll it out on the wheels.  Roll the new one in the same. It saves trying to muscle it up on the floor jack. The P-30 had notoriously bad ball joints. It was a "1 ton" chassis that was eventually rated up to 14,500 GVW.
Please don't put air bags on top of your springs!!!!! If you ABSOLUTELY have to add them to the ramp truck they must go between your black frame rails and the new axle... and they will need to be real airbags. Not the air bags everyone and their mom gets sold by Les Schwab. Add five more pieces of leaf spring steel and four overload brackets to your two overload leafs and you will get rid of wood block and add 2 MORE TONS of capacity..... if your serious call Right Way Spring Co. -Tacoma, Washington  Your suspension guy and fan... Zander-
I love the color of the ramp truck!
Put some hood pins at the rear of the hood
So i herd you want an Argo i have one it's the argo conquest it has 173 hrs on it let me know if you still want one it has a trailer
Looks like u don't have no brackets for your overloads to land on
I was only half watching until I saw the buildings, traffic bridges, walls, and the turn out of the tunnel. I know that intersection and I'm a Michigan guy. But we go to Florida for part of the winter and I have been around that sweeping turn many times, usually pulling our Ranger Tug..
Really 8.7 miles a gallon actually is heavy as that's thing is not to mention moter.
I would like to know if you guys bought that truck, in upstate ny, I believe thats my old truck, The ramp truck that is, and bought ,from a guy named mark
Pro builders that can’t build something that fundamentally should be reliable!! Well every single person on the planet can do that. 🤷🏻‍♂️
That hood definitely is gonna last very long
I thought it was a chevy luv at first! Either way still can't wait for this project to get started! 🇺🇸🦅💪
Why doesn't Finnegan help with anything?
Swap in a Cummins and 4 speed trans. Dump the 454
Ahhhh 8.7 mpg noice I daily a 1992 f159 that gets 9-12 lol ok people drive worse but I love getting people’s reaction when I say that
Yeah buddy Jacksonville
New episode idea drag race all the ramp trucks
You guys need to see my buddies old datsun 521. We dropped a 400 SBC in it  https://youtu.be/KoBXuDRWiCo
Did your mileage improve?
Why is that mini truck's valve covers look like they're sitting on the upper control arms
I'm building a similar Toyota into a ramp truck lol
Y’all really used the $19.99 summit gas pedal on that thing🤦🏻‍♂️🤣
These need to be an hour long at least 😂😂
I need the bed off that truck for my 4x4 Yota!!!
Air bag the ass end, you will never regret the choice, leave all the rest springs and shocks remove the bump stops and invert.
Okay Finnegan. As much as I hate to set my self up for failure, I also love a challenge. In the name of friendly competition, I am proposing a call out with my LS Swapped Mazda B2200 against this new Toyota. Here is the plan: Spring or summer of 2021. Identical tires, all motor, 4 venue shootout: Road course, Autocross, 1/4 mile drag, and Drift. Any of those could be switched out with a roll race etc.  Maybe we can combine a competition with HR Power tour or something. Let me know what you think. Maybe a mini truck shootout inviting anyone who would like to participate could grow out of this. Check out my build at: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCisD8UAnKYEHkkpVF-HKQKw?view_as=subscriber Thanks!  Mike from KEI Fabrication.
Oh no! They forgot to take their FL license tag off the truck.
Im pretty sure y'all out run the jeepers keepers truck no problem
Hey Finn, why isn’t this called Newbern’s garage?  Dave does all the work while you text on your phone!
Anybody know what band was playing at the end? Incredible...
Lol, as soon as Finnegan get home from race week 2.0 he goes to Florida.  As soon as Cleetus gets home from race week 2.0, he goes to Ga for a car! Too funny.
Oh 2020 exploder in the background, had the trans cool recall done yet?
Ugh! That hood flopping around would drive me nuts! Everything else is typical old Chevy. 👍
My OCD wants to request that you put more support in the hood of the ramp truck so it don't flop in the wind lol. But seriously love you guys and all your Content. One of my things on my bucket list is to meet you guys and the roadkill crew one day
Do u still make road kill
You could mount a manual transmission backwards behind the T-400.  Leave in 4th gear (direct) for a 1 to 1 ratio.  Put it in 3rd and it is an overdrive.  Put in 2nd and now your setting land speed records if you’ve got the power.
This truck would be a good candidate for a duramax.
Is it just me or does everyone miss roadkill with finnegan and frieburger
That friggin rear-end is nicer than my whole car lol
Duuuuuuuval !!!!!!
I thought the ramp truck was sold??
I like the dancing hood scoop.
Is your bake cylinder under the hood leaking brake fluid slightly?
Finally GPS direction failure on cam Google Maps is just as bad!
wait  wait WAIT A SEC!   ...your garage is AIR CONDITIONED?!?!?!        .....FML
so u got a 160 thermostat? in that beast?
The throttle spring holding the wing open is ingenuity at its finest. I love this old truck
Get you one of those old chrome foot shaped pedal.
You should really try the VARSITY!!! Huge staple in ATL the pictures of multiple president eating there.. says somethin.
So sweet much love from Detroit 👍 THANX
You guys need a Gear Venders Overdrive! Also a cummins 12 valve. Or a 2 speed rear end.
Dirt roads in the middle of Georgia in the dark?? I think I heard dueling banjos in the distance. LOL
my home town lol
My truck gives the same mpg. I'm off to pick up my new to me $800 auction 2012 F250 4x4.
Dang!! Y'all were literally in my town! Would have been sick if I would've been able to meet y'all!! LOVE THE VIDS!! DUVVVVAAAALLLLL!
Tack in some angle under that hood scoop, causing anxiety :)
You know, if i pull the emergency brake on my Geo Metro and added some water,      guess what happens.......i just don't understand what it proves.   I guess people just like buying tires.
Damn good. This is certainly not a Chevrolet Niva, but it's also a good car. If you wonder what I'm talking about, go to my channel ;)
My buddy has a Mazda b2200 with a fuel injection 350 swap he wants 4k its purple and cleen as could be
The hood jumping around would drive me crazy.
Wont run like that for long with your dumb ass driven
My freightliner pulling over 40k lbs gets better mileage 😏
Auto Like and Comment with Whitelist option for Instagram and also other features. This app only costs $3.
Fuel injection in the near future??
It's funny you were saying you couldn't remember the ratio of the diff but the old one was 4.10 and the first one that pops in my head 3.55 then a few seconds later you put it on the video .
The ramp truck is probably my favorite project/feature truck on youtube, what a beautiful monster.
That’s a sweet looking truck. Love the color. Is that a C40 or C50.
ah  yes the days of 2-60 air on a hot day....
I'd like to buy the differential out of your old 14 bolt if you decide you can part with it
8.7 with a blown bbc isn't that bad
Run a gear vendors overdrive. Keep your short gearing and get fuel economy. Win Win.
Why don’t you get a shop with a lift or 2
Still need to swap the old back dualies for a new superwide tires
I've never eaten at the Varsity either. My wife gives me shit all the time.  Come to Madison and get my Mazda lol
gotta love 2-60 A/C....2 windows down, go 60....the wing spring is classic....Peace Y'all
A blown ramp truck in the title I was like shit he blew it up also
I had a old dodge van with the old trusty treated 4x4 keeping leaf springs from coming thru the floor lasted thru 3 owners that way lol
As long as you make videos without Freiburgers weird/annoying ass self, we’ll keep watching
Varsity how I miss the car shows there and I truly miss good ole Georgia
Mike im curious about your shades..brand? style?
And wat happens when that block comes out or goes into pieces? Ill tell u Boys ,it could hit and kill people on Motorcycles ! Wow the Stupid things some people do
Why does Finn not have Roadkill on this channel section of his YouTube channel ? .......
Go back to school boys, a wooden block really ! Are uall still living with ur Mommy?
scratching my head wondering how that thing gets better gas milage than my 83 midas rv with a 454 lol ast trip it made it got 7mpg
Man, found a clean truck just like this with a dump bed for 1500 bucks. Makes me wanna get it
"I love this truck" - SOLD
Race Week 2.0 footage?
oh how I miss cobb county and boiled peanuts and UGA!!! and how can you drive right by the varsity and not stop for lunch, are you sure you're from GA
8.7? It'll be fine.
8.7 mpg out of a blown big block?  And?  Lol. Sounds good to me. Lol
"Only the Jeepers Creepers Truck" that was my first thought when he said they don't follow you on asphalt too.
I was thinking "Except for the Jeepers Creepers truck" right before you said it.
I am picking up a c50 cab just like that one just the cab hood and front end and I'm going to make a c50 ramp truck to just because  of that truck
Maaan, please list your soundtrack somewhere!
What year is this truck
He is in my prayers now to....Thanks guy's...!
the hood on that ramtruck is going to crck , i guess it will be soon , maibe you can weld a thick metal strip along the peofile on the back to strengthen it and stop it from moving , either that or support / hold it down some way on each side of the scoop
Cough, Cough Blaphemi threw a rod, Cough, Cough
Dawson County? I couldn’t tell on plate.
8.7mpg aint bad, that's what i get with my Freightliner, of course im usually hauling about 40k lbs in the trlr
You can probably outrun the Jeeper Creeper's truck. You've got more oomph than that '59 Impala did.
Hey Finnegan! I am getting ready to scratchbuild a scale replica of Blasphemi. Any chance I can get your blessing and some prototype reference photos? Email is bwhitt80@gmail.com. Any response is greatly appreciated!
The hood flapping around would drive me nuts
I could never figure out why the blown 454, over a Turbo Diesel.  But its a show piece that works!
I am a avid truck nut I had a 1959 Peterbilt I love your truck the craftsmanship you put into it is incredible!
How nice having a/c in the shop. Now that is styling!!!!!
MiniTruckin'🌴😎💯
Let’s go !!!!
You gotta go to The Varsity!
Subscribe
Apple Maps is BAD!
Throw some air shocks to be more loading capable
All that and it still has drum brakes
Cool truck just get rid of that ugly hood scoop
What a pile of dogcrap... Couldn't have went and found any other backwoods pile of modified sh*t?
When you have a bunch of money from youtube and corporate television, I'd imagine its not an issue....
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos 🔺Non-Duality
I can’t believe you don’t have a hydraulic lift
what song is that at the end of the video?
Vortex Burgers!!!!! Hot Southern Mess or the Blue Shroom. Best burger joint in the country in my opinion
DUUUVALLLLLL!!!
Glad Discovery has NOT messed with your feed. Hope they  ever do!
Parallel parking? An honorable sacrifice.
And A/C...🥶
You should put an EFI set up....
Finnegan's inner child goes by in the background while talking about the mini truck.
Acoah wheels would look so sick on there
How many little trucks does finnegan own? Does he have more ramps than minnies ?? 😆
So, did it run 9s before or after the rear end was changed?
I thought it was a Mazda 😂😂🤣
I just saw that he went to Jacksonville where i live
You guys are going to put the motor in the bed right?
why does it have a blower on it
Why finnegan vehicles always breaking. Do he need a better mechanic or to much power. Something dont seem right.
Youtube is getting Real comfortable with these double  15 second no skip ads .     I know you've seen this before but its the truth !!!!
When you realize that the intro selfie and the channel logo are the same 😂
Needs a gear vendors
I see you guys went with the Harbor Freight jack. Hopefully you don’t have their jack stands...
What a fun truck man! All about smiles per gallon 😁
I am impressed that it was getting 8.7mpg. I was expecting 5mpg or less.
Does it have no brakes or will that thing really hook on wet pavement?
Congrats on hitting the trending tab on YouTube!
Go ahead and add this to the list of things ill never be able to afford.
That hood cracks me up lol
I guess not every burn out is cool.
Those blower's look so cool
The Varsity..hell yeah! Whadahave whadahave whadahave
Nice truck finnegan
Varsity is nasty food. Way over rated
That’s better gas mileage then then my square body Chevy lol.
Hilarious! You guys cruising down a dirt road in the middle of nowhere looking for ax murderer. You should’ve been looking for Big Foot, I mean Darryl!
those hood scoops you make gotta go
That is the most American truck i have ever seen
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/750501935
So looks like a fun project. Along with Blasphemy. And a bug motor. Guess you can rebuild. Hope it is all going well. 🙂🤑👍👍
Spin your axles one rotation and count the rotation of your  pinion. 3.55 rotation to one wheel rotation. Come on guys, get it together, you're embarrassing me!
what happened to the 6 door monster ramp truck ?
Funnily i used to own one off those utes about 30 years ago but it was a long bed and just a 4 cylinder ......
*BEST VIDEO & VOCAL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!* www.youtube.com/watch?v=uR8Mrt1IpXg
The Varsity is terrible dont believe the hype.
Rear-end installed but no burnout?????? Wtf
Airbags and a vintage air kit would be sick
Such honest and original content , keep it coming
https://youtu.be/H3JrdCtB7Rk
Road kill any time soon?
8.7?! My '71 Lemans with a stock Pontiac 350 gets 6.8. Wth!
We're wi ya bud,,the ramp truck is MONEY!
8.7mpg.. on par with my 2010 explorer 4.6l v8 awd  at 8.9mpg
So...we're just gonna forget about the "Cummins powered 6 door truck"? Come on, dude. That video lost you alot of respect in my eyes because you never followed up on what ended up happening with it. It's my number 1 pet peeve about automotive Youtubers.
🛠🏴‍☠️👺
*Hey ... to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” *www.soul.fish*
Yep that will run 10's
What part of ga I’m from Brunswick
8.7MPG? Not far off my Tundra.
Fun fact: The word "long" is shorter then the word "Short":-)
Fun fact: The word microscope is bigger then gigantic
Came to my town and didnt even get to meet ya
MINITRUCKIN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gonna be better MPG. Then the 4 :10 s. I had a 94 Ranger convert to 5.0 L w/4:30 gears.  I got about the same MPG 8.0 per mile.
23 on trending... grats dude
A.c and an interior light and your golden
Newbern was a great move to add as a regular. Seems like a really good guy. Thanks for sharing your lives...
https://youtu.be/VTQv5NYIXxs
So what do you class as a mini truck? Is it just because it's not something like a Silverado etc? Not a stance thing like Mike has done with his one?
This is the Most important post you’ll ever read;  Every one of us has broken God’s moral law, the Ten Commandments; To lie even once makes us liars, to steal even once makes us thieves. & James 2:10 states that to break one of the laws makes us guilty of them all. Problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because the creator is perfectly holy, meaning his standard is outside our reach; & just as he is perfect in holiness, he is also perfect in justice. So sin must go punished, & the wages of sin is death & hell, which the Bible describes as eternal fire where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth  Thankfully God is so merciful, 2000 years ago he sent his son Jesus Christ down from his throne in heaven to this earth, & here he lived a perfect & sinless life, only to take on judgment on our behalf by becoming our sin, & dying a grim death on a cross. Before he died, he said “it is finished” meaning, the debt of our sins have been paid. & On the third day, he conquered death & rose up. So now, we can go free from the wrath of Gods judgement, not by earning it, but as a free gift of grace; except a gift can either be accepted or rejected.  So what we must do in response is understand the magnitude of our sin against the creator, go before him in humble repentance of our old ways through gratitude in his sacrifice, & confess with the mouth Jesus Christ is Lord, savior, & the ruler of our lives from that moment forward. (Romans 10:9). The moment this happens God will grant a new heart, new desires, & eternal life in his presence; Nothing on this earth even close to compares to what awaits believers.  This is the most urgent decision all of us will ever make, as it determines where we will spend eternity. & all of us wether believer or atheist, know deep down that every last word here is true.  Jesus Christ is awaiting YOU right this very moment; do not even think about sleeping tonight until you have surrendered to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed.. & as it is written, (Hebrews 9:27); ‘it is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, the JUDGMENT’  All glory, honor & praise to Lord Jesus Christ
I liked the music in this video
Scrap truck is a Toyota?.....hmm me thinks that is really a Colt. Forget the adhesive badge on the fender.
You can set Waze to avoid dirt roads. I don't...but in that truck i would.
8.7 mpg doesn't sound bad for a Supercharged Big Block.
Imagine buying a Tesla and missing out on a payment and it drives back to the dealership itself lol
This thing needs a polished bed with some big chrome drag wheels and a bad ass engine
Who left a box of Donuts on the hood?
Ok drag boat is done i wanna see the c10 progress!!
People didn't follow you because your truck resembles the Jeepers Creepers truck so they thought you were going to kill them.
I waited 10 minutes to pick up that freaking thing? Goddamn it
Way tooo many commercials
I just want you all to know that Jesus loves you and is returning soon. Go to him in prayer and ask for forgiveness of sins and accept him as your lord and savior. God bless.
My semi gets 7.5 loaded at GVW 80.000 lbs.
Я вижу руские исчезли вы победили войну ?на этот раз без них?
we also put a  block of wood in place of propper shit when that block of wood can fly off hit someones vehicle caussing death etc... way to go finn your one hell of a individual.. dont sup to this channel or support people like this
im finnigange garage i dont give a shit about the enviroment i drive a 8mpg guzzling vehicle 300 mile burning tons of smog etc also during a pandemic i dont wear a mask at a gastation when its clearly law now
That has to be the worst burnout I've ever seen 😄😄😄
With a truck like that, you don't even think about the MPG's. :D
Hello guys
time for a Air jack lol
You know what's more fun than a V8 swapped mini truck? A V8 swapped.... Mini!!! I have an 89' in San Diego if you wanna come down here and do something stupid.
It's not exciting until the security guard chases you away in his golf cart.
What kind of under coating do you use? Tire rubber.
Faaaaaaaaaaaakkkkkkkkkkkkkkkeeeeeeeeeee
I don't understand the logistics of having the fancy new axle, but not having the badly needed airbags at the same time...
Our only running vehicle.....lol..Elco is off limits, wifey likes it and says it`s MINE!! and took Mike`s keys. Ahhh the Roadkill life, buying other`s junk.
I have to admit was not a big fan of your show,but you guys crack me up and now I'm hooked.
Love the C50, not a fan of the home made plexi scoop. nice cowl induction hood would look way better.
Gee if I owned that truck I would have to sell it .
Sorry to hear Blasphemi was hurt in the Drag Week clone RMRW.  Hmmm...big block 454 in a VERY heavy vehicle...and you wonder why the gas mileage sucks.
So funny... https://youtu.be/tc7N20LXXJk
Basically u video, and he kisses your ass??👎👎
#livingthedream #rustynail I don’t even have Twitter
I'm been to Georgia I love they're peaches and apples and mountain scenery I like walking on mountain trails it like to nearly killed my feet
No overheating?? Oooooh... it’s not roadkill
If your brakes ever seem questionable ditch the stepped master cylinder at straight 1 1/8" bore would feel much better.   For $30 use one from a late 70's suburban it will drop in without even having to swap the lines.
They do know that they can tighten up the overload Springs jacking up the rear suspension so it doesn't shed so much pride I mean they work on cars for the new should be able to be smart enough to know that you can tighten those overload Springs but let's just stick up for my phone between it and the frame
where did you get the money to do everything? I wish i had that much spare cash
350 miles hey well that's like ah 6 hour ride but I will say with this machine you may get 3 miles per minute no bullshit I was doing 120 coming from Wyoming back some time ago I was in ah 2001 Acura anyway I think I was getting 2 miles per minute yea so with that rig I see you getting about 4miles per minute now that's make time hey GETTER DONE ........... lol
Cool ramp truck but how can you stand that hood flopping all around? That would drive me crazy!!
The hood looks like it’s going to take off!
Is the hood supposed to be doing... that?
Do how does that block not just fall off going around a corner or a bump
The title of this video can be misunderstood when considering your history of being stranded with ramp trucks lol
I live in Jacksonville FL its cool that you came here
Well the original rear end was built for torque so I wouldn't doubt it running hot.
Am I the only 13 year old that loved watching road kill, Finnigens garage, roadkill garage, engine masters, and almost all the shows that ended up having finnigen in it
Cool trip but wtf with the audio
No quema cuh
Fix up and maybe put a new motor  the truck it looks really good
I don’t know shit about cars but that truck looks bad ass 👍
What happen to the six door truck?
Should be fine as long as you dont hear banjos...
That hood scoop  is UGLY!
Think you have the most ramp truck vids on you tube. Lol love the vids though keep it up man.
Dang thought they finally found your stolen mini truck...but still cool..
Everyone needs a buddy like Newbern.
A couple a weeks ago I let Google take me on a detour around the construction just outside of Atlanta. It didn't tell me that about 2 miles of it was dirt road either. 😂
There's no saving that truck! Junk it!
Always a Roadkill fan, but I'm reminded why I love watching Finnegan's Garage.  You get to build things way above Roadkill level.
A couple of zip ties will take care of the wood block...
Fun fact: this video is #22 trending 😎
Mike you need to get the Florida boys tag back to him, Tags in Florida belong to the guy that sold it not the vehicle,
Dang finn wish I would of known you was headed to Jax .  I live in Jax I would of love to hang out with you guys
i still remember that cougar rubbing up & grinding all over Finnegan at the bonfire this year 🔥 she was drunk as fuck 😂  her husband was almost falling over he was soo Smashed
I’ve got an ‘82 one of these Toyota’s with a healthy 383 Chevy, Hughes Preformance built th350 trans, and built NP205 transfer case. It’s about as silly as farting in the bathtub!!
My 1978 Hilux  https://youtu.be/SfEbMntERjs
Ty!
BLM everybody!. . . . . . .(just kidding)
Amazing 😉
Wow 22 on trending nice job finnegan
https://youtu.be/l2Ml7jTeBRo
I feel like a gearvenders unit on there would go a long way too
"That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved." Romans 10:9
Those harbor freight dollies are the best thing since sliced bread when it comes to axel swaps
Beast truck mods fin everything y'all do is beast i love yalls channel /videos
Love the sped-up scenes, reminds me of The Benny Hill Show.
Timbrin s are better than air bags..js..all that rear end should be disk brakes. 3.73 gears..
TuRD lol
I honestly fell asleep twice trying to watch this exciting video
hood is stupid damn brace it a little
Ramp truck and Blasphemi, pleeeease finish the hoods... makes me cringe to watch them flap down the road
Dang! I'm in Jacksonville.  Wish I would've seen you guys!
When is the Blasthemi race week video coming?
I just love how nonchalant tour videos are lol like oh it’s nothing we’re just driving a blown 454 in our custom truck!! Fucking rad man I want to live like this 😂
dam no video of loading
Psshhhh   I've done 35splines in a squarebody jeep Cherokee IDK that im convinced with this thing.
Anybody else think he was gonna lose the hood?
Next cruise and ac
0:17 in and Finnegan already jinxed them by saying it's their ONLY running vehicle. Just waiting  for the breakdown now.
I hate that red bridge (Matthews Bridge) in Jacksonville, they were welding on it for 6 months last year!
You had me at minitruck was in the middle of looking for a specific video and seen minitruck and had to put the other video on the back burner
The gas pedal in my 95 dakota hasn't been mounted in forever. Mostly because i fight with the spring for 5 minutes then quit every time...
This time on Finnegans garage I show you a awesome truck that I sold for a crappy truck.
I saw it with my own eyes,but can't believe it happened.You 2 made a trip,and nothing broke.WoW! Make this into a Golden Disc for posterity.
👍
Another v8 mini truck... I dig it!!! We must be cut from the same cloth Fin, I daily drive an ls swapped Nissan hardbody with an Ar5 trans and an 8.8 rear diff with LSD. It's lowered on blocks and the torsions turned down, Rollin on 17s, its hands down the funnest vehicle I've ever driven.
I'm sure you will have no use for the 1st gen. engine, I will gladly relieve you of it!
I had a long bed 78 Toyota pickup slammed and I sure do miss that old mini
If you want to sell the v8 motor in the Toyota let me know please.
For some reason it hurts my feelings when people stick blowers on shitty long blocks with terrible heads and tiny cams
So mid engine truck XD
Mike Finn is #24 trending
See a go kart
We got 8.5mpg in a 22passenger bus towing 5000lbs. But this is way cooler and faster.
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos 🔴 Non-Duality
kinda expensive Rubberized undercoating in those wheel wells
Needs a Footprint Gas pedal!
Momma talking to her son 9:40 for acting like that while on camera 😂. Priceless
I just know I'd consider myself strongly tested to drive that rig with a hood that constantly flexes up and down while it's going down the road! It would be difficult to concentrate on the drive and not on the hood.
7:15  Put a ball valve on the heater supply hose, this way hot air isn't leaking into the cab.  It makes way more of a difference that you can imagine.
I just can't relate ..........
5:27  Boiled Peanuts   ? ????
Was anybody else waiting for Dueling banjos to start playing while they were on that dirt road?
Motivation
Damn he is a fast jacker
There is optimistic, pessimistic, and Finnegan
i get 8mpg with my 1987 ford sb 4x4 with stock 351w and factory 4bbl stock c6 no overdrive
Sadly my NA sbc square-body gets worse mpg than that blown 454.  Given, mine is a 383 stroker that's geared lower than a tractor. So there is that...
all that work to sell it. Was my fav after OG ramp truck.
If you are reading this comment:  💕BE BLESSED!!!   x1,000,000💕🚛💞💫✨💞💫✨💞💫✨💞💫✨🌎
nice 8th, better than Blasphemi, it finished.
Finnegans and his crew are awesome..  ive been fan of this dude since I was reading mini truckin mags in school. Couldn't wait for shop class. We did so many mini truckin things in that class. My friends and I was only ones on bags and bumping setting off car alarms.   Finnegan thank you for everything you and your crew does. Hope to meet you one day.
Yea agree with some of the other comments on this... You need to brace up that hood so it won't bob and jump around like that... driving us nuts just looking at it man.
You know you can get heavy duty leaf springs? I guess you just like riding wood.
Where is the roadkill ramp truck
Finnegan what happened to Blasphemy man?  Heard it threw a rod at raceweek 2.0.  Need the video on that man!
Can you guys help me wit my 454
No mention of Blasphemi breaking a rod at RMRW?
i though you sold this thing
Not quite what I was thinking knowing Finnegan, when he says minitruck.
https://cannabisdispensarylove.com/product/white-runtz/
What the hell did I get myself into 😆 🤣
Just saying, you're not hardcore if you don't drift  a loaded ramp truck on a dirt back road in the middle of the night..
Dually with lockers?   Does that even work on pavement?   Why would anyone ever want that?
Love the wood block solution... hah that is something I’d do.
Looks like ol 12 volt did most the work.
wing windows are awesome for redirecting bees onto your crotch while driving
Ur brake master has some protective coating on the outside
Newbern reminds me of Al from Tool Time.
I'm surprised that you guys didn't put  4L80e in that truck.
Hey Mike,  tell us about blasphemy and rare 2.0
What kinda gas mileage did the drop from 4.10 to 3.55 give you? 11-12?
sheals proinsulin
That bouncy hood can't be annoying at all.
Knowing of the problem is half the solution
15:47 Have I missed the part about Steve Shaw?
You should of end the video with banjo music.😂
I'm sure all that roadkill life experience is priceless now.
"Ever eat at the Varsity ".. "Awesome!". Lol classic
the only thing that the truck needs to be the perfect commuter vehicle is air conditioning
You've lived in GA for several years and never eaten at Varsity?  How could you?  Best greasy onion rings and a walking dog! YUMMY and it will clean you out.
dude no race week 2.0 content?
That's not that bad of milage. My 2015 Chevy 3500 work truck gets between 7 and 7.2 mpg.
Your text message tone is the same as mine n messed with me lmfao ....love the trucks and now I’m wanting to make a bigger ramp truck on my p50 chassis
Thanks for sharing.
I took a "quicker route" from Google maps once from Ga to SC off of 20 near Augusta. I ended up spending 3 hrs navigating what looked like an offroad park.I was in a 4 runner but 2wd only by myself no cell service. Top speed 4mph or less cause it was so rough.
Boa tarde carro 1972 Chevy Pu vai amém bom
Even at cheap US fuel prices less than 10mpg on a road trip has got to hurt.
I think a LY6/4L80 from a 08-09 Express 2500 with a recalled/rebuilt LSA blower would be the best all around drivetrain for this truck.  I guess you could stick the 8-71 on it if you'd rather have looks over mpg but keep the gen 4 LS reliability.
your will power driving past the Varsity and not getting two chili dawgs, two slaw dawgs, onion rings, and a frosted orange is beyond me
Your awesome 👍 Mike
If it were a horror movie that ramp truck is the perfect villain vehicle lol if the guy with a chainsaw saw you coming towards him the mf would probably turn around put his head down and pretend to cut down a tree
If it were a horror movie that ramp truck is the perfect villain vehicle lol if the guy with a chainsaw saw you coming towards him the mf would probably turn around put his head down and pretend to cut down a tree
You drove all that way for that sorry POS?
A 700 r4 would help.
My first vehicle was a 76 toyota Hilux....
Hell yea 1:05 super nice!!!
I think I noticed the wheel chocks before the water on the ground. That was so sad.
05 brackets to get that dual piston caliper and disc brake setup.
8.7 mpg is about what my dad got in his 4.0 5-speed jeep cherokee
I'm curious. Is it more efficient to swap the final drive or run a taller top gear? And just to throw a wrench in the mix, what about a splitter or hi/low range?
12:43 made me laugh so hard.  Not sure why. LOL
That engine sits really low in that Toyota truck, I can see that thing handling like a slot car with the right suspension!
Count your fuckin blessings... I get 6 MPG on a GOOD DAY
I like Matt’s taste in vehicles like a work truck that does good work and also does 9s on the drag strip.
The blown ramp truck would be a good candidate for Holley efi setup, power and fuel mileage at the load of a map.
what a POS
It just occurred to me that you could undercoat a car by doing burnouts.
Mike have you googled your age it says that you are  6 foot 11 tall
So who has ownership of the blown ramp truck? I thought Fin was selling to Newburg
https://youtu.be/D_N0DN7lJhA ..
Those Flowmasters sound so damn good on that truck
Wow 8.7 mpg !!! My factory 78 D150 440/727 only gets 9 mpg
Everybody needs a sheetmetal brake bumpstop.
....If you hear banjos...
Hey y'all drove right by my house on the Mathews Bridge LMAO
Just think,  if you were smart enough to put that blower motor in your 55 it would still be running!!!
Looks like a good project. 😇
The only running vehicle?
I wonder where that yellow truck with the boat engine is? Ever find it?
8.7 mpg? My daily driven F250 with a 460 only gets 9,and I know it isnt nearly as much fun as that is.I figured you would be lucky to get 5mpg with that set up.
Im surprised you or Friburger hasnt done anything with a toronado drivetrain. I can see you guys making a ramp truck or putting it in the bed of a truck
Whatever happened to the big 6 door
I see that 1st gen sequoia hiding there
I still think a 6.6 duramax swap would be cool
That hood scares the shot out of me. Bouncy-bouncy!
Do u think roadkill is ever coming to YouTube
A block of wood between the leaf spring and frame? You can take the Finnegan out of the Roadkill, but you can't take the Roadkill out of the Finnegan.
😂”...the Jeepers Creepers truck...” 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟 Thanks Mike and Dave for all you do! 👍🏼🤘🏼😎
You got a real problem with your hood scoops you need some serious help
The toys are the two vehicles 🤣👍🏻👌🏼🤙🏼 I cant believe you traded the green c10 was it just too hard on petrol and impractical? 😥🤣
Please brace that poor hood. The little doghouse is going to eject itself if you don't.
Tell j tall it's spelled diff than Nots
Oh shit you were in my neck of the woods.
Sorry to hear about ur car man
I like the spring  on the vent window.
the stance of the mini truck is perfect. don't change that.
Such a great channel, It won't be too much longer before you hit that 1 mil mark, maybe you should do something with Vintage Air?
THAT was a wasted trip....
Dude...You need to try the Varsity. It’s sloppy, It’s nasty, But it’ll be the best chili dog and onion rings you’ll ever have!
Can we say over kill tank maybe
8.7 wow even worse than my tuned  V10 Excursion . @ 9.1  and thats the same in town or highway , or for that matter if Im towing !
Wouldnt it have been a good idea to flip the shackles to raise the back end a little for the load?
Whatever happened with the valentines huge  fummins truck
@finnegan'sgarge you need a rear-end thats in your roadkill truck stubby bob. high - low gear in the rear end
I can definitely understand the dilemma of not being able to keep all of them, but that is by far the most awesome of the ramp trucks.
I know it’s a Toyota but might this turn into a shout out to the mazdarati?
now your happy with the big block it's time for a set of aluminum heads for it . a project is never done tell it's gone from your hands then it's some one else's problem
Send it Steve has you a ramp truck lol
Finnegan sell that thing not worth the hassle.
No Varsity stop was the karma that lead to the adventure.  Normally take the 16 to the Golden Isles Parkway between ATL and JAX.  And have all the places to stop and eat. Oh and yeah have the GSP tickets to prove I CAN do it as fast as the interstate.
Banjos 🤣🤣🤣
Fix blasphemi!
Way cool! Love the mini!!
Any updates on your mini truck
That is a cool ol Toyota
V8 Hilux you say.....*Josh from Vague Industries has entered the chat.  #ifyouknowyouknow
Fix that hood, my god......
Am I the only one who is impressed with 8.7 MPG running a blown 454 in this heavy-ass truck??  LOL
Awesome video !!!!!! Quick Performance  builds nice components  . I just had them build me a tricked out Ford 9" with high end parts capable  of supporting 1500hp
Finnegan the next tow/haul truck you build needs to use a Detroit two stroke, would be so much more efficient than before, plus it'd sound a ton more badass
Hey whats tge reasoning behind the locker??
Mini truck?  This must be before you two hurt each other over killing Blasphemi. I would give anything to have been a fly on the wall when it went boom.  I’m watching so you can use youtube money to fix it lol
"aware of the problem" but we're not going to fix it
Dang wish I would of known y’all were going to be in my hometown,I’d of played hooky to to meet you guys and see the ramp truck
Wow wen is road kill going to happen
Have y'all thought of installing a 60-100 Gallon Semi Fuel Tank on the C-50?  Love that Truck!  Take care, 🤓 -Thomas
You should throw game overs hemi bbc in blasphemy and go race Garret again
The Varsity in Athens, Ga is better!! Plus pre-covid they used to have an decent hot rod/classic car show almost every weekend.
Think it's about time to unsubscribe from this channel, guys keep on shoving the GM shit down our throats- it's getting downright repulsive.  You do realize there's tons of other vehicle manufacturers out there right? Its time to broaden your horizons.
Have you given any thought into a bowtie for the 55
Mazdarotie 2.0
Nobody:   Me and other west coast dudes: minitrucks 4 life!!! Lol  First car I bought was a '75 Datsun 1800 pick-up.
I think you passed my house :D
How’s the 6door Ford?
MORE CONTENT FINNEGAN! NO EXCUSES!
Take the yellow traction device off and see how bad the axle wraps it’s gotta be horrible...
The only guy who can get likes for 5 minutes of black screen commentary! Lol
So how much did the new rear axel change the fuel economy? I'm guessing the truck now gets 10 mpg.
You guys should put slicks on it when you do burn outs
The pitting on the "new" axle near the drums makes me think it spent a hard life up to that point 😂
I can only imagine the potential butchery that happened to that front cross member to fit that small block inn there.  It is much like gm trucks used from about 64 till 72.  4 bolts through the frame hold the engine cradle/cross member and the lower a arms attach to it.  The steering is behind their cross member too so either it's all hack or they did a front sump setup.  The rear axle is an 8" with 30 spline shafts and stock 4.10s so it will hold up to shenanigans fine. Any diff from they rear of a 4x4 total truck from 79-95 will drop right in but if it pops get a V6 unit, the gears are far tougher that 4 cylinder versions.
My Overland built G55 got 8.2mpg on my trip from LA to Seattle... facepalm. Love this!
Damn Runner Bottom project a must!
@5:30 Boiled peanuts! My grandma would jump outta her rocker if she saw that. I think they're gross. Must be a southern thing.
I still can’t believe you traded this ramp truck. It’s awesome.
I love this freaking truck.
I recently added cruise control to my 4G63 powered Datsun 510 using a vintage Audiovox unit. Rostra now makes that unit. It's simple and works on pretty much anything you want. You don't realize how nice cruise control is until you don't have it.
this is why we love Finnegan so much. There's only a very small select few people on this entire planet who would replace the rear end in a ramp truck to do better burnouts. hahaha. Awesome.
I don't care that truck is bad on gas it look and sounds amazing. The front end is perfect. The body panels, color and design is just bad ass. I always love watching everyone of your projects. The jet boat looks addictive.
THIS IS WHY YOU DONT USE WAZE. Google Maps for life.
Ramp truck is sweet.....
the sad part at watching this episode its that you already sold this truck and we probably wont see it again on a episode
Bigger pulley would lean it out lol, not sure about economy but who cares lol
If you ever think of hacking up the hood trade me for mine. I have a 73 hilux and the hood is different from 75 up.
Put a gear vender in it
That truck needs a 4 link and bags all the way around. Lay frame for easier loading😇
Man, I wish my 09 Cobalt came with a blown 454 lol. Why can't this be a factory option? 🤣 🤪
That wood block is finnnnnnne... use a hose clamp
All about the smiles per gallon....
I love the blower and the funny thing it my dad has a 97 k3500  N/A 454 and you guys get more mileage
Finish the c10...
I love seeing you pass through Atlanta in the time-lapses because I always see my exit and my daily routine. Thinking wow I totally have been driving in the same lanes maybe I'll get lucky and see you pass by one of these days.
Is that truck painted with rustoleum? Not judging just curious
Why did you cut the Hood? For the stack air cleaners? High schoolers!
If it's the only running vehicle wouldn't that also make it the most efficient 🤔
I have a 1978 Toyota Hilux daily driver, that I been talking about dropping a small block in for years, problem is, you either have to cut into the firewall or mount radiator in the bed, to do it right. So I figured I will wait until I have time to take truck down to the chassis and start out right. For now the swapped in 22r is bored and stroked and just keeps running better everyday. Can't wait to see more of this one to get some ideas and curious to see how the swapped in the small block.Here is "bessie" https://youtu.be/SfEbMntERjs
I watched the episode of roadkill where you got this truck last night.
Mike, what are the wheels and tires on that (bolt pattern/rim/tire size)?  I’ve got a 1970 C50 and want to change the wheels and tires.  Gracias.
ought to get a hip height 2 post lift lol
Custom under dash AC would solve all your comfort issues. Im pretty sure with your skillz it would be a days worth of work to be cruising and freezing.  I dont build anything without AC nowadays.
10:24 Finnegan it's a red mazdarati😪
Time for some Vintage Air in the ramp truck Finn, along with the rest of your never ending list of projects.
wrong horror movie  ... this is def the set up for wrong turn ... watch out for deformed hillbillies that want your car
Please put a/c in the c50   newbern is sweating way to much....  and find a airride out of a p30 motorhome chassis...someone has a dead motorhome sitting around .
That ramp truck is SCREAMING  for a gear vendors overdrive behind the turbo 400 , new springs and shocks, ( air bags totally suck ) A/C, cruise, & QUIET exhaust ! You guys are not 17 anymore, get with the adult program .
Time laps sounds... 🤪... needs more cow bell.
Start with break time that's my type of crew
im glad you ended up taking this truck ... it may have not been built perfect it may not be the cheapest to run but the cool factor is crazy off the scales
On your flatbed I understand why you changed the rear differential but couldn’t you have just swapped a 700-R4 automatic overdrive to achieve the same thing?
Whats the gas mileage...8.7   I guess the kids won't be going to college.
I know Finnegan loves the mini trucks but whatever happened to the blue C10?  That looked like it was going to be awesome.
Like Sam Witwicky said "It's custom faded"
Wouldn’t going down to a 3.55 ratio, cause you to run higher rpm in the road?
now ya need to buy a ramptruck to haul your blown ramptruck.  lol cant have to many right.
800hp Duramax swap, get the ac you need
First thing is to toss those front wheels. They off a 90s minivan?
Wife is going to be so mad!
I'm confused on that axle.  It's got 30 spline axles?  So weaker than stock?  You can find 14b's with 3.55's, 1.5" 35 spline full floating axles that are factory locked in the junkyard anywhere.  Hmmm...  the axle you took out was a newer and stronger casting too.
Guess Finnegan got tired of searching for ( Mazorado) after it was stolen on Roadkill last year so he bought this Chevy Luv ad a replacement.
Truly incredible
Feels pretty nice this week in ga
So was the 1/8 mile on the old rear end or new lol
What happened to your Dad’s station out by the lake?  Was out there last weekend and noticed it wasn’t Finnegan’s any longer.
And it's sold off
Should contact Titan tanks about getting larger fuel capacity.
ATL traffic sucks! lol
New drinking game- everytime Finnegan says " Um". 😲
Are you kidding me blown 454 you can't turn an air compressor for air conditioning man
I pay for motor trend but I like this channel better
That bonnet is just about ready to part ways.
8.7mpg is actually not that bad for that truck
Can't help but wonder now that he has sold this truck .... did he get ANY of the money he has sunk into it back or did he even break even .... OR did he lose his ass on it ?!?
That truck screams New Mazdarati, even if it isn’t a Mazda REPU.
My wife was dancing to the closing music...could care less about the trucks.
Next time get off in Tifton  and take 82 to Waycross then turn right in Waycross to get to Jacksonberg !!  Avoid downtown Jacksonberg at all costs !! Use 495 to g0 the eastside of Jacksonberg its far easier !!
Super cool.
Do I see an 1/8 mile wheelie truck in our future?
When are we going to get a update on blasphemi
👍👍🇨🇱
Hey welcome to Jacksonville (Duuuvvvaaalll) Finnigan🙂 also I got the perfect name for that mini truck The Sacksonville 😂😂🤘
I love the ramp truck it’s my favorite even more than the 55 ! Just one criticism The hood scoop doesn’t really go with the rest of the truck sure it works  maybe if you painted it P green .
when Instagram is a year ahead of youtube
I wonder what ever happened to the Datsun mini truck that Mike bought on an episode of RoadKill.? I thought that thing was cool.
Why did you guys decide to stick with drum brakes in the new rear end?
WHERE'S THE F 800?
That back road you took axe murderer still laughing
Dude the engine in that minitruck sounds like a diesel. It's clapped out.  Good thing it came with an LS huh.
Damn that Spring in the Wing Window brings back memories! Thanks!
15 second ramp truck. Lol. I was happy when my 96 Stang went 14s.
Mythbusters had a blown truck too. Blown by a 747 and the truck was blown away. Sorry, a bus.
Have to fix that head gasket!
Gear venders
3.55 gears is the best truck rear axle ratio, had a 4.10 i my 95 & swapped it for a 3.55 & now I get 15-18mpg. 20mpg hwy@69. What happened to the Cummins ramp truck? My 7.3 idi gets like 25mpg.
I thought you meant blown like it blew up
I drove a C50 dump body back in the seventies. It had a 292 and would do burnouts...on the ice.
I have a gen 3 5.3 an a th375 about to go in my 76 chevy LUV. Seems like mini trucks are making a come back
🤙
Just wondering why the 3.55s and not something around 3.08 or even in the 3.2 range to split the difference?
MPG < 1/8th time has to be some sort of a record (Likely with the old gears). The Finnegan tow rig ratio is born. Gas trucks compared with 1/8th Diesel with 1/4.
WHERE IS YOUR RACE WEEK FOOTAGE WTF MAN
I recently talked to the guys friend who owns Mike's old "Burnt Taco". It's in good hands and has been rebuilt. 👍✌️
Hey Mr Finnegan. It would be nice if you uploaded more content. I know your not lazy and I like what you do. Just my input.
'Actually at this point it's our only running vehicle so it's the perfect vehicle'.... story of my life
3:55 is what I would want.
You should make a installment or Tshirts called FNG Fabrication   Finnegan Newman Garage Fab  :)
No love bugs when you shot this, eh?  I know what the results would be if it had been "in season" and you had the vent window "sprung" open like that...
Duvaaallllllll!
You need to do something about that hood scoop 🤮
You guys need to go to FItech or sniper dual TB set up. Would be pretty cool video and long term review
Prayers for the guy and hus family that sold the truck. What ever he is going thru will pass. God bkess and be safe guys
Thanks for taking me along on the ride. I really enjoyed it.
Love the c50 but that floppy hood was getting to my ocd 🤣🤣 new project looks like a bucket load of fun
You definitely know you're in trouble when you hear the first three chords of the banjo didn't ding ding ding and some guy comes out of the woods with really bad teeth and says boy you got a pretty mouth.LOL to my boys Finnegan and New Bern you guys are awesome love the videos keep them rolling
Roof Mounted A/C Unit.!!!!!!!!
The credits on this one were way better than previous episodes
Lmao. that burnout was pathetic. Can't wait to see how that thing turns out.
Ah, the least efficient vehicle is usually the most fun though! I'm redoing my '75 Ford F250 Highboy and am sure there will be some shenanigans going on with it. There's nothing like a big ol' parts truck to shoot off on adventures with. Keep at it my good man.
1:05 - I laughed so hard here. Most people install a higher ratio's solely for fuel economy...Finnegan's first reason; Greater wheel speed=greater burnouts
10:28 it runs tens!
Nice race week run haha
Don’t worry Mike, just compare it to a race car. In the IMSA race series, the Acura NSX Gt3 gets 0.4 mpg around Road Atlanta. 😅 This is also my fav truck in the fleet.
Heck man to be. Blown motor 8.7 dont seem  to bad to me buddy
When are we gonna see the Drag Day 2.0 video?
DAAAYUM the ramp trucks gotten sexier since the last time I seen it.
On Waze:  Settings>Navigation>Dirt Roads>Don’t Allow.  I learned the hard way.
man .... Toyota
Hey is that a Mazda???  #Mazdratti #RedBarchetta #RUSH #MovingPictures
Can you came to like powercruise Sydney Australia
Get a freedom factory wrap and pitch this thing to Cleetus
Is the red mini truck gonna replace the stolen yellow Mazda?
Anyone else appreciate fin not putting his content behind a pay wall?
Did you ever find your stolen mazda pickup ?
not rubber, recycled tire undercoating
You rock Finnegan
2 ratchet straps 1 on each frame rail n 1 on pinion ... you will nvr use a jack again.. makes rearend swap a cake job, even by yurself.....
How much would you sell the ramp truck for?
That hood wobblin around would drive me crazy!
35L na 100km...
NICE !!!! FINALLY GET A NEW FINNEGAN VID!!!!
You guys always have cool adventures I'm a little jealous 👍👍👍🇦🇺
I can't believe he sold this truck.
that 4x4 block idea, changed my lifes path like theres no tomorro. in 08' i helped out this solid dude at the warehouse i was working and his half tonne couldnt handle the 1.5 tonnes of shingles, 3 mins later hes on the road. month later his best friend offered me a job of a life time learing HVAC,12 years later im the single fabricator and installer fera  commercial roofing company specializing in anything non roofingrelated(all the truckin problems) stay safe and take care.
Hello Mike and David gotta love that ramp truck maybe you should have churched up and chromed the 4by4 block to class it up. Always a great show guys wishing you and your family well Take Care
Sounds like an iPhone detour. Lol
so a turbo LS3 with a cool custom 4link build?
Luv a roots supercharged engine, guess the blower forces the mixture in the cylinders during cranking for almost instant start up...really great.
Or 20.4 litres per km for the rest of the world 😅 not very efficient! I did own a 4.2 Nissan patrol with a carby, lift , bigger wheels and a roof top tent and it was around 18 and that was bad enough 😅
That lil truck with a nos ls3 should be a blast to drive!
What about the c10.... any updates?
Wing window AC FTW!
When i first read the title... I was like..... another ramp truck adventure with a blown up engine???  Then half way though I realized they were referring to the blower ON the engine lol
volvo actually had an vaccum powered cruise controle system back in the day!
Oh man, MCM yesterday, Skid Factory, Benny's Custom Works, and Finnegan's Garage today? Freakin' hells yes!
You need to try a Truetrac diff much more friendly than the yukon... also where is the 6 door content!
Thought you were selling this but here you are buying parts for it
So we wont get any info on what happened on race week 2.0? Nothing? (Didn't watch the video yet,  just judging by it not being the main topic/thumbnail)
I thought u were talking about the yellow fire bird
Remember that time when it went from like 95f to 67f in 3 days? Remember when that happened like last week?
I watched Roadkill last night when you took the red Chevy Luv to my state of MD to get that ramp truck, TV kept saying it was a all new episode of roadkill Lol
newbern's voice sounds exactly like the principal from King of the hill
Deliverance...DOH!
I love the ramp truck and congrats on not finding an axe murderer lol
Here's a conversation of that fuel consumption for us Metric guys: Unloaded, 27.7L/100km (3.6km/L) Crickey!
This man has all the toys... Even toys to tow the toys...
That same toyota was my first car in a glossier red than that. Love those
My wife asked me to sell one of my cars! Haha haha. She is so funny.
You should do like a day in the life of Mike Finnegan and David newborn like fill the entire day of what you guys just do normally that would be kind of cool
So did ya torch the 55 after raceweek? I would've thought that you would've shown some footage or at least brought it up. Put a BBC in it & be happy. Lol
i once got yelled at for opening a wing window. "it's an 80 fuckin 4! They've never been opened before" 🤣Apparently they wistle like a mofo after you open them.
Steve is a great guy!   We had a shop next to him a couple of years ago.   We had heard this was coming, looking forward to the content.
95f is barely hot for Australia.
The gm life 😂
Very cool!!!!
New Bern and Finnegan make a great combination you guys have good chemistry together I hate to say it but the show wouldn't be the same without New Bern
Tough as bloody nails 👌🏽
More content please love your show Mr Finnegan love Mr newborn too you guys are awesome
What the hell is an 1/8? I only know 1/4 lol
What's the Smiles per Gallon?
Sorry to hear about blasphimy Mike
Nice.
And now it’s sold... 😟
You need some Hilux badges for that Toyota
Tasteful build
Duramax Allison 6 spd more hp &  torque for better burn outs but also good fuel mileage. Or a Cummins (Duramax sounds better.)
That bonnet scoop would drive me nuts bouncing around like that.....just take it off and show the world ya carb set up!!
Sad to see that ramp truck go, you guys put alot of work to it
Hell yes!
8.7mpg!!!! I feel bad saying this, but my 1996 VW Polo gets 55mpg.
Oh Mike I love you dearly but your mini truck obsession is to real 🤣😂🤣😂😂keep up the great work!!!
Perfect content at the perfect time!
Can’t sleep plus it’s storming out because of the tropical storm in Texas good time for a video lol
What a nice thing to eat breakfast to!!
.
Personally I blame squirrels
With a truck like that, you don't even think about the MPG's. :D
204 views rn
The last time I was this early there was Peace in Our Time.
Yeaah
Me: waking up because i have psat Finnigan: heres some content for you
Hell yea!
woop woop!!!!!!!!!!!!!
noice!!
