Conor with all the endless Scarface quotes is beyond corny.
why tf is this jus now suggested for me to watch 🫠
McGregors mouth knows nothing about any form of Code of Conduct. He will NEVER have my respect. He's nothing but a potty mouth. Trash talking bout family, like Mcfanny does, He ain't a true fighter. His shitty childhood sand pit behaviour is the ONLY good thing he's good at.
Colors over..he needs a reality check.jarmas already coming back on him.neecs  to check that  mouth.its gone  past stupid,yet  Considering the source.....
I want Mcgregor to keep fighting! I want to keep seeing him get his arse kicked!!!
I hope they have a fourth fight so I can watch Conner get his ass handed to him again.  Such a tool!!!
Dustin is down to earth  and a man of a good character
So you can point your finger and say there’s the the BAD GUY
Thanks for all the comic relief throughout the years Conor I wouldn't have made it through it without all that loling
People need Conor to laugh at and tease
No one can decide conor retirement but conor
Conor can sneeze and gets a royalty check. That dude drips cash.
“ My foot was a balloon”  part 3
billj jay is after you
Dustin didn't really win that fight I can't believe he's taking credit or claiming credit I mean that's crazy that wasn't even a fight yes there needs to be a rematch
Yes I think they should be a rematch because I don't think that was much of a fight neither one really had a chance to settle Anythink
How cares about Connor?
out of everything conor said i woill agree he was wrong but at the same time they should have a 4rth fight with dustin i think alot of people will start to look at conor thinking  he is done but the people and fighters saying he rich his done lesson conor only did wrong by saying shot about dustins wife that was point blank wrong but people dont ever sleep on conor he has a long road back but if conor really wonts it i meen the old conor the old un real fighter he can still come back there is alot not looking good but this 4th fight needs to happen so once and for all dustin and conor can get this done to me that fight was not a end to a fight in a way that it should have ended so i say yes but conor wont get dustin when he comes back i think he will get a chandler or hooker or justin hell may islam but i see dustin beating charels and who knows people have wonted conor vs charles befor he held the belt but i think conor needs to fight someone else and work his way back if conor can come back beat these  guys maybe two of them and then if dustin holds the belt then we have the rematch for the belt and for the right to truley say im better than you for all time the 3rd fight is to me i think should have not conted not because of the fighting part but hell conor broke his leg to soon dustinm could go on and hold the belt and even beat conor for a 4rth tim then i think if islam makes it to a dustin or a conor or justin chandler anyof these guys for the belt that would be the only shot i think for a khabib to come back to just prove  his fathers way was the best way so will see
Connor is not the fighter he was. He is classless trash
Fu Connor, USA,USA,USA.
If u cant stand up n ur ankle r whatever retire man
Mcgregor lost his mind , when you bring family ,religion, and trash talk like that shows no class, at all.
Diamond ur really a diamond and ur family is a diamond for me  Ur words are beautiful and respect to evey fighter
Connor has no class like the other guy.
Dustin was only a lucky fighter on this metch
Conor want remetch
Dana- I need you like a broken leg.
Get mcgregor mcfanny out off the the UFC.. HE'S FUCK.N POISON.. washed up circus act..
This is perfect for Conor after Dustin gets title then Conor gets excuse to fight title, rematch
KEEP FIGHTING.. wtf.. Why would he stop. Trash talk is trash, it gets thrown away.. Move on. Don't be a LEFTY.
he is f*** up bro
Conor, you're a has been and now you're Fauci's little scamdrmic mouthpiece. Glad you see you're working on your next career. Very good speech. Neck crank good, Conor evil.
poirier is classy, conner is trashy
Mc Gregor is over:::: ur done
Time for Connie to fight someone he can beat like a girl
🤣😂🤣 big winner….. Dustin 🤣😂🤣😂 Dustin got his butt kicked and he was on top of Conor…… Dustin walked away with his face busted up…. And Conor broke his own leg …… all because Dustin gold digger wife can’t keep her legs closed.   Dustin should make more money so she stops  trying get with the rich high profile fighters
Poirier proved his fighting skills here, best o luck to him and may the future be bright for him and his family…. Conor’s a fckin eejit for you people in the USA that don’t know what an eejit is !!! It’s an Irish ☘️ slang word for an idiot 🥱
McGregor has just become a pathetic person with no integrity. Let’s just say that he’ll make a comeback from his broken leg and him and Dustin fights a 4 th time, McGrecor will get his ass beat. His days are over. And the trach talk, insults and death threats are just coming from a man who’s been humiliated af. He’s watching too many action films too 😂
Also KARMA for kicking Dustin during weigh in..
They should retire this dude no respect for the people and UFC Corp.
MacGregor didn't scramble to his feet Poirier step back to complain that MacGregor was cheating by pulling his gloves to stop Dustin from hitting him. MacGregor cheats a lot... he did against Khabib. Should they fight again? Has MacGregor earned it? But Dustin will beat him anyway. He is a superior fighter. I wonder what excuses MacGregor will use next time!!
Is that what you call "Humble in defeat" Conor?, having your 🦵on a cast and terrorizing Dustin's wife in such an embarrassing fashion and posting cryptic messages on twitter threatening Dustin's kid.  You're a deranged bitter loser, You don't deserve a rematch even with your massive star power, you need to earn that shit as well as learn respect.
You're a professional Dustin Poirier !!!!!!!! Congratulations 👏  Connor is a piece of shit for threatening him & bad talking his family. I no longer have respect for the Irishman.
Only reason Conor is talking shit is cause he knows the only chance he has against Dustin is by getting it his head. Hes like a child and has to resort to that.
Conor is a drinker and after Dustin kicked and broke his leg, Conor now will be a pill popper so it might be a year or two and Conor will have a excuse why Dustin wins the next fight too lol. then Conor will retire and join the wwe, where he can win a fight, maybe.
Can Conor even win anyone anymore? Isn’t this like 4 loses in a row for that turd? Yet he gets all the money fights?
Mac should just retire his mouth and stuck with fighting. Otherwise Connor should just start fights with old men like me in a bar after they’re drunk.       Trash like that has no place in a pro ring. He should just shut his mouth. He was right about someone leaving his last fight on a stretcher though. Unfortunately for Conor it was him on the stretcher. A very fitting end.
I'm glad Dustin didn't even play into Conor's shit. Conor saw he was fucked when Diamond was cool and calm and didn't buy into it. With the trilogy, he panicked, grabbed Dustin's fckin gloves, tried a guillotine and got carried out on a stretcher! (Odd how life is sometimes) So it seems like Khabib and now Dustin are living rent-free in Conor's head. Let's just move on from this cheating prick clown already! Now, he's making threats toward Dustin?
Conor's career is definitely over...his ankle will recover completely at least after one year, and still it will be fragile for fights, if he decides to step on octagon again his ankle has a high chance to break easily and maybe become even worse, so he will be forced to stay retired
Floyd Mayweather just made himself look like a chump right here. He didn't weigh in on the fight or the feelings or anything, he just showed that he made money off of it, like a greedy punk. Respect officially lost. Go count your precious money...douche.
dastin need to take connor's other leg.....
No more fights for Connor needs to retire
He's going to the Pub for a drink.
McGregor is such a money grubbing and trash individual that he has to stirr up trash talk as he's being tended to at no fault of the opponent.  No reason other than to promote his next money grab. I'm Irish and completely embarrassed by his ongoing antics and disgusting behavior. He's a true Leprechaun. Trash!!!! His family and every decent human should be embarrassed. I won't buy an excuse later that it was a planned financial strategy. That would be worse. Selling your dignity is much worse and evil.
CONOR = GARBAGE!
Conor beat a pack of marginal fighters. As soon as he fights anyone worth a damn he takes a beating. Conor is garbage! GARBAGE!! His mouth gets all you sheep to listen to his weak a$$.
Conor is garbage. ALWAYS been a highly overrated fighter.
Dustin has a title shot, so a "rematch" only remotely can/should happen if Dustin loses..McGregor cannot be allowed to lose his way into another unearned title shot.
Lol you all mock the two belt king while his bank account keeps stacking above you all put together
This might be a good time for Connor to retire. He's gone beyond obnoxious, and shouldn't speak badly about other's wives, husbands, kids, or whomever. Maybe no one will want to fight him anymore. Maybe Dana should kick him out!  And I love how Diaz choked him out in UFC 196!
He needs to stop making excuses and admit his loss He's got beaten by the better man twice
Honestly the fact that Poirier hit hit after the ankle.. is FUCKED like he knew it broke and he took advantage of that. unsportsmanlike and should have a penalty for it.
Connor win money with Mayweather i exchange he lost  testosterone
Poirier fights for the title, after that Connor gets a rematch - so he potentially fights for the title - wow he deserves that.
Dana is one heck of a liar
Fair enough if you’re a fan and don’t like what McGregor says. But if your Dana, you shouldn’t care less. The reason Conor makes so much money and interest is because of the crazy things he’s willing to say. It literally lines Dana’s pockets, so I’m confused.
You can see danna is at his wits end with Connor anyone els would be let go by now but Connor had made danna a lot of money and danna feels the need out of loyalty to keep him around thats why he sounds down when talking about Connor and not angry
Conor definitely should retire be for someone dose permanent damage to him get out you had your time he really has uesd up his welcome and his trash can mouth.
Gotta do something about these fighters breaking shit in the octagon. A lot of them go in there knowing they are injured and fight anyways. Ultimately it’s just not worth it. It sucks to see a fighter who works so hard to just end up bent like a pretzel
He's done he'll never be a champion again.   And we don't need people like him,  there will always be another. Bye  bye  Connor 👋
Dana is a joke.  Conor deserved everything he got.  Even Leprechauns run out of luck.
The damage to his leg was done in " McGregor Poirier 2" ...the low calf kicks did it, Dustin just finished off his work in fight 3.
Conor posted the DM of Dustins wife, so it was true.
Why would he retire. He's #1 opponent for Dustin and Dustin is #1 contender to the title. Conor will sit back and heal up. Watch Dustin win the title then come back for a title shot
I hope they fight again and Dustin beats that ass for a 3rd.
Conor could have been great inspriration for kids, he has too many criminal thugs in his ear and coming across scummy. Its embarrasment to us irish. Dustin comes across so humble he should take a leaf out of his book. Conor get into rehab and do some soul searching b4 u destroy urself. Money doesnt buy class 💚🍀
I don’t like Conner but by saying what he did he ensured himself a rematch when he’s legs is better.
Dana is bs
The 1st round is usually Connors best round. But 2 of the judges scored it a 10-8. The fight was over unless Connor got super lucky.
Will McGregor retire? 🤔Didn't he Just RETIRED (4 CPL OF YEARS) TILL JAKE PAUL COMES KNOCKING next?!  Addiction to Public Eye is a Fact. The guy needs therapy before hurting himself despite the £... Best of luck for That Fight....
I hope someone is there with a camera when they meet up on the sidewalk because Connors career is over all he does is lose and get injured now ... Bye bye loser 👋
Wtf do you mean you do the rematch?
$ Mayweather,  you should donate half of your earnings to the good fight foundation!! Show respect for the man who got you paid!!! Id be a fan if he did
Connor McGregor should retire because he lost two major fight with khabib and Dustin
I guess he  can fight cowboy next.
Broke his leg not ankle.  Had prior stress fractures
Mgreger wants totanium foot and fight like arnold again
He needs to worry more about fighting then running that mouth, could care less if he comes back
He is finished ! Maybe let him commentate
Wrong diagnosis! He stepped back and broke his fib and Tib ! C’mon you guys get real! Dustin kicked his ass and broke his leg with either a check or the elbow! Get real or go home! You are not fooling anyone only looking stupid.
Dana and Connor are bum chums
This clown needs to go back to the bottom of rankings.  No to 3rd fight with Poirier,  he has not earned his spot. How many other fighters loose 3 fights in a row and keep getting top 3 fighters . The ufc is laughable in this regard, and ufc has forgot what made it what it was.  Dana it is obvious to us all what motivates u , and it ain't the best fighters , your a sell out grub.
Connor is done. He was done 12 months ago . Move on peoples . Connor is and always been a hype train , no Warrior.
the wife shade is bigger
Boycott ufc if conner gets another chance others have won and deserve a shot before conner
McGregor's Rich as f***   I'd a been done
Green panty fungus boy should retired he he has no chance with Dustin.
Connor needs to learn how to lose like a man no whining no bitching he would have more fans if he did that
I’m beyond happy he lost. Connor McGregor doesn’t  deserve another chance in my opinion. First he had noodle arms now he has noodle legs. 😅
Conor has no class and should retire he’s all mouth
POORLY covered. Matinho needed way more props… All in all, this is kind of a shit video.
Horrible commentary by yourself. Did you even watch the fight?
I don't want mctapper to retire coz i love watching him get beat,  Dustin will beat him again and again
Dana only cares about whats good for business.. He doesnt really  care how many times connor loses as long as he thinks the prescene of him in the roster makes this sport spectator. and thus brings more money in..
I cant wait for the next Paul paul conor on a stretcher diamond pendant 🤣🤣👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
McNuggets is a child's meal. He's done, retire already
McGregor needs a chance to kick his ass again but I don’t think he will and I love McGregor he’s always been my favorite I want you back on top but you need to go back to the basics and forget about the money you had and become the fighter you were when you first Grace the octagon.
There was silence? When?
Idiot got waxed.  He is lucky for his health. It would have gotten much worse. Take the stretcher ride homeboy...fuck em, let the ambulance love em..bye bye
Dana looks terrible...
Conor McGregor is a weak mind walking around in high dollar clothes.
He's done and I'm glad Conor is just  a little boy 👦 lol.......
He's  a bummer ask kabib
Everyone says Connor is over and should retire:  I only half agree with this, if Connor continues the way he is then he should retire but if Connor actually pulls his ego out of his ass and decides to take his career seriously again then I think he can make a great comeback to the UFC
It takes time for idiots to realize their true value.
Dana White looks like shit.  Are you ready for Jesus now.  Probably not...........
Conor has lost his mojo and should just retire now - frankly the Mcgregor show just isnt what it was - Back to back losses with nothing but endless come-back trash talk is all he's good for. All bark and no bite. Its all become a little redundant and just boring now. 👎👎👎
he just need to quit. we dont want to hear anything from childish minded like him.
The ears on some of these guys!
You know that Connor is overrated when he tries to wrestle.
Break the Silence?  he can't shut up !
I don't see conor beating porier anymore so idc if it happens. He was losing that first round
I hope Dustin says no to another fight. Fu*k that guy!!
No need to see Conor fighting dusting again and again dusting strong hard work like rocky of boxing movie rocky Conor just talking much and overconfident Conor knows he is not strong much bu in fight with distin Conor forgot Conor is not condesce heh so hiting hard hurt himself
Another rematch until Conor wins 😂😂..
He doesn't deserve rematch FULL STOP
mcgregor is done can"t fight anymore he looks weak
I was a fan of Mc Gregor. He did a lot for mma and ufc. He was really kind with fans and people ..but what he  is now, I don't like it. He should be a great champion and stop trash talking at this level... A great champion should have a great personality.
What happened to you Conor? Why say that shit why hit the old man the Gods are displeased
His trash talk has gone beyond limits!! Not a good example
Connor lost his swagger while others gained theres along the way. Like Khabib and Dustin. They improved mindsets while connor didnt After he beaten Aldo.  Thats it
I think Connor is a loki variant..
Of course he should keep fighting.
If I was Dustin I would ask the most ridiculous amount for the 4th meeting. Part of me says Dustin needs to say Nah bruh 2-1 I won the trilogy I need to focus on better fighters that don’t haven’t lost 4 out of their last five.
He "didn't heard it". How convenient. Dana is also dirt bag
NEXT for macgregor? Wheel chair 😂 in the octagon
Connor fractured his leg when he kicked at dp and hit Dana's rib so he hurt it on dana white and dana dgaf because he got sean o'Malley to replace him
Any mcgregor fans left? Poor guy….
CM should've learned shinjitsu
Conor McGregor gives the hype to his sports and rakes in more money also for decent fighter Poirier. #4 should be a go as soon as possible.
MacGregor should join WWE. He's only good at thrash talking
Hope he doesn’t retire I like seeing him get his ass kicked
Mayweather should donate those winnings to Dustin's charity.  The Good Fight Foundation. 💛👊🏻👊🏿
Conors making for an incredible future movie about him.  His career is plying out just like a cliche movie.  I sincerely believe Conors going to make a come back.  I don't see him washing up and fading away.  I'm hoping this woke him up and allows you to see its not the money that makes you the best fighter but the hunger and feeling of never being content.  He finds that again...welcome back champ
Lol. Yall thru up chase hoopers picture for o malley           Yes I know.
When it gets to your head. What goes up must come down. I liked Connor but his pride has corrupted him.
The NMF needed to bring a little more Cobra Kai to Burns. Finish him... be a little aggressive we will sill believe you tha NMF! Be a killer though 🔥
Am I the only one that noticed Dustin's serious stuttering & his at a loss for words,  after he tried to say  "there's zero....." Chance there's any truth to  Conor's talk about his wifes solidness........it sounds like Dustin doesnt believe his own words or that maybe.there is some truth to Conors claims
I think the WWF tactics on fight promos is played out and while it may have hyped a few fights the fans can smell bull 💩 and greed and don’t respect it. People want heroes and stand up guys who are great fighters, work hard and earn their respect. Time to hold UFC to a higher standard than theater.
Conor is washed up!!!
White is such a push-over. He needs to deal with McGregor just like he does other fighters
Gilbert won by decision not by finish. Kinda funny a UFC pro doesn't know the difference.
2:43 I don't give a damn what anyone says but everyone has had that same reaction over just stubbing their pinky toe 😂😂😂
Connor is a fuck wit seriously
I love dad son relationships between these two. Connor: love you dad Dana: love you too
To question of deserving a rematch.He didn't deserve this fight. He needs to fight Ferguson,  or Justin. And when does Justin get to fight for a title again. He deserved thus more than Conor. Thanks for sharing the money with Dustin though. No more money fights. Time for skill and ranked fights.
He should definitely keep fighting. Wanna see him get absolutely flogged
Poirier is the man
My first video Im watching here on you channel, love the layout of this video a lot. Subscribed alone on that merit but also overall great content.
Connor is a t-shirt movie of the week. Can't buy class. End of the day he LOST! End of conversation. No excuses in a war you can't fight you are dead.
No one needs Crawler McGooGoo
Nasty little leprechaun
Khabib finished this guys career - not exactly a slouch to lose to but he didnt do the right things to bounce back
RETIRE     PLEASE
He just a steroid freak suffering from roid rage....probably weakened his bones all those roids.    cmon dana. he beat crap  outta mcnuggets twice now..... RETRE
Dustin's wife is sticking her nose in, she's fair game as far as I'm concerned.
connor its a goat alright...the goat that got eaten by the lion lol Biggest pos of all time no contest. The Notorious P.OS.
Thanks to Teddy Atlas for bringing up the fact that the fighters need some type of thin-shield, or guard, on their shins down to their ankle. There are too many nasty legs breaks happening. It ends the fight and damages the fighter permanently.
Please...porier..let First fight Connor vs Gaetje ,to Check of Mc Gregor is able to fight more then two rounds
Dana really said conor rematch afger dustin fights for the belt wtf njmber 5 ranked prolly lower now shouldn't even be top ten and shouldn't have even beem a third fight. I love how he said it isn't finished how dustin finished conot 6 months ago. The only reason this happened is cause 1 conor gets whatever he wants no other ufc fighter who isn't yhe champ gets knocked out and get rematch 6 months later and 2 dustin turned down q title shot for conor fight just for a payday thats all conor is now because his fans still love him he could fight 10 more times bevet get a win and they'll stil say oh its because he didny train right, someone cheated or he wasn't taken it seriously come on dustkn is moving on yo bigger things conor is done. I mean unless people are paying to see people beat him
O'Malley would be better off not to talk, every time he opens his mouth, he puts his foot in it.
Dena destroi ufc
This should have been classed a no contest, I don't really care for McGregor but to call it a win when he broke his ankle is just dumb.
5:15 no wonder Conor was good at soccer, he seems to have perfect form on everything he does. Who else kicks like that??? sick. It's a shame he spent 3+ years of his prime training for boxing. if he spent that whole 3 years after the eddie win trinin hard at MMA, i don't think anyone would have ever beaten him again
This is the beginning of the end for Conor McGregor you’ll see….
Conor McGregor breaks silence??????? When was the last time McGregor was quiet?????????? That fool rambles on even in his sleep!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I never liked Conor and never felt that he was a top tier fighter. He was good but not stellar. He is a one dimensional fighter (right hand) with no ground game.  I lost all respect for him because of his behaviour outside of the ring.  Conor is a goon and cant control his temper. I would not be surprised to hear he smacks his wife. He got dominated by Khabib and was pretty quiet about a rematch there. GSP would have destroyed Conor.  Conor could never ever beat Khabib. Mayweather beat him up. Poirier would have knocked Conor out if this fight continued. That first round was almost a 10-8 for Dustin. Dustin owes Conor nothing. Let Conor fight someone else decent. Conor reminds me of Liddell, once everyone figured out that all he had was one punch it was all over. Conor has a shitty ground game and only has the right hand.
All I did read all the comments and almost all of them just made fun of Conor
Jake Paul  is next for mcgregor
Conor have no disciplines of the sports anymore. Hes supposedly to be ban
"Smart move by Conor, to break his leg you can't get finished if you break your own leg" Domick Cruz
I used to enjoy McGregor, but ever since the Mayweather fight things went down hill fast. His nonsense is getting old and I’m tired of hearing his BS especially when his record in the division is what it is. I think if he fights Gaethje next it’ll be a career ender.
i put on you my devil eye...
I swear they HAVE to give this ass clown his "rematches'" the guy dodges EVERYONE when he had the titles, made up excuses and hid like Osama, Now he gets beat down by people and CRIES like a bitch to get rematches and demands it, .. this kid is a one hit wonder, if HE cant beat someone in the first round, he's useless.
Well I think Mcloser should fight Justin Gaethje next, except when Gaethje Knocks Mctappers little girl leg out of the octagon is he going to say it's not a win?
Poirier real g
That's b******* Dana. You can have a fight and that way. Dustin poirier is the better man and he kicked Conor McGregor's ass. And you know it. McGregor does not deserve a title fight. Let him work his way up through the ranks to fight a classy fighter like 48 again. Put your feelings on the back burner and look at facts. McGregor is done for now.
Porier did not dominate nothing , exept the floor
He should absolutely continue fighting. He still one of the best in the world. Mouthy as shit but I love it. I love respect a lot more but you got hit 11 times after your ankle was snapped. Keep fighting
Conner  needs to retire.  He's a has been and all fighters have figured him out. He is resorting to name calling and threats because that's all he has now like a spoiled school kid. Grow a pair conner  And take the defeat like a man. After a rematch of course
Dustins forearm block broke it I’m sure.....watch it back....was not a leg check ✌️🥇😄🥊
oh Connor McBrittle-bones needs to stfu and retire now. hes done
mcgregor is a finnished fighter. he should retire. lost respect for this guy a long time ago with his comments.
Do people not know where the ankle is? Thats a broken leg, not a rolled ankle.
Subscribe to the NDL and Niko Omilana or your breath stinks
conors gonna come back with the same success silva had on his return.
who the fook is this guy?
Coner should retire..from ta MMA..he is no more a king ...he is now a death man with lots of attitude....😆😆😆😆😆
The clown of the fight game
Bahaha a finish wasn't even close fuck you talking about that fight was extremely close.  Mcgregor landed disgusting up kicks and elbows off his back made his way back to his feet and the leg snapped.  Sorry that fight wasn't close to being stopped.  Mcgregor you could argue won the round.  Went for subs and had porier hurt multiple times
If conor loses again he loses all credibility. The way he lost this fight gives him the benefit of the doubt, although I think he was losing anyway
UFC Champions are far superior to Connor now! Time for Connor to play golf and go fishing!!!
Rubber match with his rubber ankles.  Improper no contest finish.
McGregor should do the honourable thang and have his voice chords removed
People used to smile at his act.. Now they see he really is a nasty jerk they just tut...
I didn't hear one word. Captain Conman wearing off on Dana
So next time they fight and Dustin breaks McStretchers neck are you going to say you cant have a fight finish that way? What about all the other guys that broke there legs worse than that are you going to redo their fight too?
lound mouth Drunk will deal with a few Italians who sooner or later put him 6ft under I.A.C.C.
His will not be the same so he is done for me.
Get well soon
UFC needs McGregor, to hold up as a bad example of how to retire with dignity. He should retire AGAIN, AND STAY THERE. He has become a sham of a farce of a mockery of himself. It's hilarious. This washed up old former fighter of a former fighter of a former champion, has nothing left to give.
"You need people like me." Probably true but such words look really bad when they come from your own mouth. This guy is losing confidence.
I would like to see Gaethje get that big money fight against Conor. Pretty sure he would fuck Conor up too. Let him work his way down the rankings getting battered by Dariush, Hooker etc. Be fuckin hilarious.
He should be through in the trash as he has no respect in a sport.
didn't break his ankle, that would have been a way less severe injury, he broke his shin.
This dude jus getting annoying 🙄
Fight till conor is finished I guess he means a body bag! Because no matter how he looses Dana like Conor is going  to have an excuse.  He get knocked out cold his jaw shattered, well it can’t end like that..That guy yelling in the crowd that distracted Conor that caused him to look to his right, and get caught… Body shot ko to the liver, can’t end that away..It was to the balls, when it was a liver shot..Someone was calling his name out, he looked why the liver shot dropped him.
McGregor is not just a loser,  now he’s a loser with a broken leg. He needs a disabled badge and a bottle of his favourite whiskey.
"You need people like me so you can point your f--kin fingers and say that's the bad guy" -Tony Montana
Conor's finished
Roll it back
No he's gonna keep fighting or the world's gonna get mad
Conor talked because she gave him the finger
MacGregor!s  mma days are done .
UFC fighters should be pissed if mcgregor gets another title shot or rematch since other fighters are not given the same opportunities. Dana white can keep showing this guy favoritism but its getting really old.
Hes looking and sounding fatter.
Of course fight.  He is one the top.   Dry dangerous.  Would have destroyed Dustin
These guys don’t represent Vegas! It’s just a show that just happened to be in Nevada. Diaz didn’t get that many rematches.
Conor is done! If he wants a fight he needs to earn it, he's won kne fight against cowboy who was on his way out and it looked more fixed then anything. Conor needs to win some fights. But it will be a while for him to get back.
Dude hasn’t won a fight in 5 years. He’s washed up
Retire llll.  To much mouth running. He’s done. Poor loser !!!!!!!!!
Coner you are weaker than Dustin,that was made painfully apparent.
Conner is little loosing weasel . Diaz beat him twice. Now Porier beat him twice. His lazy trash talk shows his weakness.
He should retire.
So this means Conor gets to fight the champion after this? Wtf
No rematch, macs done, his era is up, pass the torch and move on.
Conor: **Attempts Guillotine**  Dustin: Oh, you're a wrestler now?
McGregor is done. He is just a clown and did not have a chance with Porier.
Bet that Conor does trilogy of Diaz in welterweight then goes back to light weight and fight Porior again
I think Conner should keep fighting until he cant stand to lose any more!!!!!!!!!!!!! He's done!!!!!
Connor is a muppet. Pourer is a class act, Connor is a grotesque, classless, caricature. Maybe he’s different in real life… but I doubt it.
Hey you can destroy khabib bus, insult his family and religion, but how dare you insult Poiriers wife?... Dana is not the most coherent person
Whenever Conor talks abt someone’s wife….poor Conor gets beat up pretty bad.
What's next for McGregor?.....getting KO'd by Jake Paul....
i feel like mcgregor has to fight everyone else in lightweight before he even thinks about fighting poirer he’s a different beast right now and not to mention he hasn’t beat anyone in the lightweight division since 2016 lol
Lol
Mcgregor won't be back. He lost, hes old, hes broken. There's no rematch cue ball. Cue ball, aka sausage neck doesn't give a rats ass about anything but his ride to mars.
Connor was going in even after he broke his ankle I thought that was mad funny lmfao.
They should geld Conor do he has no kids.
Stop stealing Scarface movie lines…
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Glad that karma didn't take it that far. Otherwise this clown is done for good
A bit late on my comments, but here goes. Connor, like any combat athlete needs to compete to have actual competitions. I believe connor was set up to loose both times.  It`s payback for Connor`s boxing fight with Mayweather.  Exactly who was Connor`s warm up match before Kabib.  how many months was Connor sitting on his arse waiting for a UFC fight.   I can not explain McGregor`s disgusting behaviour before and after the fight except, he acted like he was a programmed MK Ultra brainwashed operative triggered to respond a certain way (like a rude, disrespectful  scumbag) . Just one more thing, Connor looked like he only weighed 145 lbs. Connor should retire. Enjoy the wife and kids. Thanks for the memories.
Conor's finished.he may fight but will never be champ again no way.I would be surprised if he won another fight
Continue to get his ass kicked
It's not whether he should or shouldn't consider retirement, his leg will never be the same,  balance issues. He'll never be back 100%, only if he's lucky 70-80%. He'll look fine from the outside but inside of his body and little neurons left, he's done.  Will he ever be able to get on a treadmill and do cardio again? We'll see.
I thought after the beating khabib put on him in front of the whole world that he would crawl into a hole, but he has lost all shame and dignity. So sad. His son is gone end up a drug addict you just watch
Rich people don’t want to get punch in the face. Secretly, they want world peace, because then, they can spend their riches before they die. Real ruthless people are the bums, who have NOTHING to live for. I see two cowards, just trying to milk as much money from the situation. They are both terrified, should they make a wrong turn, and winds up in the hood, go back to your upscale mansion.
He needs to retire because he has bad attitude. He is the biggest ass of all. Don't need to make comments about any body's family. Goes to show you how much  common sense he has. Dustin is from my home state. Good job and stay healthy. God bless you and your family.
conor is done, he will never return to his former glory..............ever !!
My prediction is that Connor will next square up against Sir Stevo Timothy in the Irish wheel chair division, god willing.
More money for the diamond 🤑🤑🤑
How the fuck does Connor get a rematch so it's screw the other fighters Connor should retire he done
Dam I broke me Fooken ankle even my own wife called me a Fooken loser
Dana white is a low life like mcgraigor
Dana doesn't give a fuck. He's disappointed about the money. Even though he makes money either way.
Conor shouldn’t retire, but fuck he needs the hunger he had back when he was a featherweight. After all the big paydays that’s all this is to him now, when he should be fighting to be the best UFC fighter there ever was
Retire
Ha that's all Connor is anymore bunch of noise and a losing streak
Even the funniest clown gets boring after a short while goodbye clown McGregor
more and more I read and learn about Poirier, the more respect I gain for him, from his class to his philanthropy....just a good person
Trash talk ain’t shit if you can’t back it up. He’s done.
After this childish stunt he just needs to be doing like administration crap.
Retired
I gotta be honest, I have no desire to keep watching Conor hurt himself.  He is too desperate now.  He went from being the world's favorite trash talking everyman fighter, to a sad broken old man desperately trying to recapture the light.
Mcgregor followed by threatening  Poirier daughter on twitter  in series of odd deleted tweets
He's full of shit in his MOUTH. It remind me of Prince Ahmed who is trying to intimidate EVERYBODY. No more fight unless he put a biopic leg,HAHAHA
Mcgregor needs to get to Hollywood and never fight again
no more rematch........  I'm done
Even if McGregor continues fighting, everybody will go for that ankle like there's no tomorrow...
The Gilbert Burns fight was weak. Him and Leon Edwards should fight next.
The Conor McGregor show is over.... Time to move on.
After justin gaetje failed to assassinate Khabib, Chandler olivera happened. Now this, Dustin gets to fight for title. Justin is forgotten.
Dustin's a good man
They just want to create hype for ppv , probably they do...
his leg is done
A trilogy is enough to determine the best between 2 fighters. Conor had his chances. Why should the UFC give him another, and another and another chances.. Just because he has a big mouth? I think he should retire or restart down the ladder to really earn a title shot. And between you and me, Conor records (win vs lost) is not impressive in last couple of fights.
Is anyone else tired of hearing about Floyd and his money. Money was/is the dullest fighter to ever hold a title.
1:04 Daddy Dana will give his favorite son a rematch and a possibility to have his other foot broken... 🤔
If Conor hired hitman to kill Dustin what will the UFC do?
When McGregor pulled guard in my head, in Nate Diaz's voice, I heard "oh, so you're a wrestler now."
Conor is bad news
boring fights not worth the money
John 3:16-21
I thought he did an illegal move which caused the leg to break? How is that a loss?
"you need people like me!".... - every movie bad guy when they lose
Colby got dustins number. Acting like a nice guy but really a piece of shit
Let them fight. McGregor will lose again.
Steroid use can deplete bone cells.
They will fight 2 more times and you may understand why.
Hey mma talk, it was not tko it was doktor stoppage. Maybe for you is the same terms but it's not.
Conor MacGregor loss ha ha ha ha oh baby I fill good.. congrats to Dustin..
McGregor is a one legged punk.
Herb Dean gets paid extra to cheat for Conor check his tax returns
Connor's been nothing but a trash talker since day one looks like Karma just caught up with him
Mcgregor is a bonafide idiot. Pushing yourself to limit is of true words. But don't think that means you should over do it. Remember to respect your body.
Conor is on a whole new level of petty childishness. Shame on him tbh.
Guy sounds like a real champ and McGregor sounds like angry white trash maybe he should go back to his country
Thumbnail pur click bait lmao
what a chicken shit response from Dana  White, isn't good behavior one of the clauses in the UFC contract?  why does this guy keep getting away with breaking his contract?
People need to realize that UFC is an entertainment sport - no matter how bad oconnor portrays about himself...I'm sure at the end of the day when the camera is not focused on Him. He's just a father and needs to take care of things for his family. In the entertainment business, we need good and evil...that's just the way how things work in order for the crowd to buy it. IT'S JUST BUSINESS. BUT AS KHABIB WAS SAYING...I WILL SMESH!!!
Correction: the UFC may need people like you to promote fights, but WE real, non casual fans don’t. This just goes to show you that the majority of people who buy these cards are casuals.
Бог наказал
THE NEXT CONOR SHOW BOAT SHIT TALKER O'Malley ! 5'10" Different level Alright !!  LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Eat some food and join the men!!
BYE BYE CONOR!! WE DON"T CARE ABOUT YOU!! HUMBLED YET AGAIN!!!!   LOL!!!!!!
What fight ain't finished. So,when is a good time to finished. Smh
35k is pocket change for floyd.
Conor fucked up!
Why do I feel like Dana lying when he said he “didn’t hear it” bruh 😂
Floyd man...LOL
It wasn't a TKO finish... It was a doctor's stoppage... Let's be honest, if Connor had not broken his ankle he would have seen the second round, easily! There wouldn't have even been that second time on the mat at the end of the round. Connor was only down due to the broken ankle.
Dana’s boyfriend lost 😢
CARMA!!!!! Conner is a tool  :/  here in America if you threaten someone about killing them , that's charges against u here  so be careful of what u say
“Connor was damaged to the point that he was broken. There’s nothing accidental about that. There's nothing surprising about that. There’s nothing about that that does not count as a straight up ass whipping. If you get your ass whipped so bad that you are broken that does get you a rematch.” - Chael Sonnen. Kind of harsh but I tend to agree.
Mc Gregor is a scum bag. No onw needs him around .Irrelevant as a fighter the last few years .
Look if it wasn’t he’s leg it would have been a TKO  OR Knock out, Dustin is a better fighter hands down 💯
Mcgregor should retire. I truly hope Dana white Does NOT sanction a 4th  poirer fight.
Vin Diesel sitting in the stand and snipes Connors ankle. "No one talks about family like that".
He’s been watching too much scar face.
Well maybe conor should fight jake paul next 🤔
The only Conor match that will interest me now is Conor McGregor vs Charlie Zelenoff.
So if Porier wins the title, conors going to walk back into a tittle fight? Lol god damn
Connor is over. He can’t handle it anymore and I blame his attitude, I think he just doesn’t gives shit since he made money.
Rip Connor
Conner Has 1 or 2 more fights in him. But he probably should retire. It may get worse from here.
he kept on 'chirping' after the match. lmao
Conor is finished. he can't fight  in high level anymore
He's been learning too many Marvel villain catchphrases, "It's not over" "you need people like me" and of course "your wife's in my DM's, hey baby".
He should retire UFC don't need people like you
What to lie but old conor mcgregor was good old is gold 😍😍😍😍😍
You can't just break your leg by standing on it , there must have been a blow involved, fuck yeah fight again I want to see Justin smash the weal little pussy again!
He’s a has been! Get rid of that putz he’s lost 4 out of five.
He should get over insulting people's wives. It sounds like he Connor is a sore loser.
I think Poirier is past McGregor now.   If Connor wants a rematch, he needs to work his way back through a few other contenders first.
It’s over go retire and spend all that money that your shit fans think is more important than class
Diamond is an animal!! Whata guy - Massive Respect from Finland!!
Hey connor go home n retire early. You better off as clown than UFC fighter.
Why didn't Silva get a 3rd rematch against Weidman?
Virtual hugs to everyone who is reading this comment ❤️.
How are they still able to hear!?
Wealth and too much money makes you soft...
Leave the carts on the ground and don’t throw them at buses that are occupied with citizens. Throwing deadly objects at occupied vehicles is a felony in many states. I wonder if it’s a felony in N.Y.C. Especially if the occupants are injured.
Conor is like my little bro,Who always makes excuse after loosing
Mclegger 😂😂
I love the way Conor has evolved as a fighter and shows a new way of getting his ass handed to him each fight.
Everytime Conor loses its like Thanos snapped and only made Conor fans disappear. Where tf yall at?
conner should  fight gaethe next
so it seems conor's leg broke not from kicking dustin's elbow, but from cumulative damage over time, he had an injury possibly in that area prior to entering the cage, I mean this is what a surgeon said..it would seem very odd that earlier in the fight he broke it but kept kicking with it, but anyway, conor is a bad dude sitting there with his leg in half and still talking shit, haha who does that!?
Can't watch! Reminds me of after I was hit on my Harley. I had a broken ankle and an open break on my tib fib. I managed to stand....but crumpled when I tried to walk. I'm told it was gross. P.S. Those were the LEAST of the injuries I sustained. Always look twice
Conor gets immediate rematches until he wins. This shit is gonna go on forever. Ankle or no ankle, Conor was getting his ass beat.
Dana won't let it go
Left led or right leg❓ I am confused here people, please help me‼️ fuccin rigged sheet🖕🏽
mc gregor is peace of shit he was newer a true champion he was just a lucky guy he was in right place in right time with his mouth,and nothing else,its time for him to go and retire
Mc goofy is a real lowlife
Connor might be at the point in his career where he's looking into tribal face tattoos
I ask you for a minute of your time to help me fulfill my dream of being an artist for the short time I have left in life I have cancer and I am disabled without friends why I cannot leave my house because of the bullying that they do to me why I was not lucky enough to have a good physique but I love myself as I am because that was what I got blessings and God bless you all
How the fuck can Connor come back from an injury like that
WOUNDER BOY......TO MUCH YOUTUBE!!! HAHAHAHAHAHA
If you think Connor will come back the same or better your wrong. He’ll comeback worse
He should fight the lad on the bar stool in dublin
i gave a sub just because the title topic is mentioned immedately
If the fans allow the ufc to delegitimize the sport and give connor the bottomless  " money in the bank " title shots and contender fights that will be sad.
If there is a fourth rematch it’ll be more of the same. Especially after an injury like this usually fighters don’t come back the same mentally.    I know because I’ve had a life disabling injury and can no longer train or compete in BJJ. Not saying somebody else can’t do it. So not only does Conor have to fully recover but he has to evolve as much as Dustin to have a chance.
Gimpy's career is over.  Just like when a prized horse breaks its leg, you have to take it behind the shed and put it down.
Conor still trying to stay relevant and make $$$   I’m sorry but we don’t need a part 4. This is turning into the Fast and the furious movies
UFC DO NEED SOMEONE LIKE CONOR..!!!
Dana heard every word that Connor said. He is connors bitch. Makes great promo.
Dustin "Pray"rier. What a gentleman
Vin Diesel sitting in the stand and snipes Connors ankle. "No one talks about family like that".
Man why is he still fighing- Khabib broke this guy, now he´s out here letting guys actually break his shit. He made his money, he should stop acting like he cant see what time it is and spend time wiht his family.  Leave the ufc, sell his own fucking merch- keep all the profit, why would he continue just to look like an idiot.
Pencil stick boy should retire
Connor let me down at the end. The comments were not called for😭
Seems like she’s having a real hard time beating Dustin. Just with a lot of things going on I think that I would want to go out while I’m on top.... I would consider retiring. I don’t think that he is going to be able to beat Dustin. Just my opinion.
Rematch only Dana pay Poirier the same as he paid Connor .
You can beat ass, but you can't beat class, and Poirier has class even after Conor's lowlife statements
If nobody likes him why keep paying to see him fight? Essentially paying him. Respect was loss  following the bus incident I think...
I am so happy that Porier shut his mouth.  Oh wait tradhtalkers mouth can never be shut 😒
He has no silence to break because he's always talking like his friend colby
I found it funny that they didn’t show Trump coming into the fights…..they didn’t want the world to see the people cheering for Trump. That would break the narrative that people hate him….
when a bone breaks, its tellin u one thing.... u dont hav the body that can carry your whole mass
Useless fight if you ask me ... No point.... His delusional he will.lose five more times... All capp...
President Trump showing up was huge!  Conner getting carried out on a stretcher, almost as good. Too bad conners jaw didn’t get broke. He’s a punk.
Dana White loves the money maker not the fight itself. Ought to know what's right and what's logical.
Retire he's finished there again he never started over rated  hell mmm yeah
THIS IS A MUST READ, AND A MUST WATCH INFORMATION ABOUT COVID 19, AND WHAT IS TO COME. (IT IS REVERSED).  @ DIVOC 19 SI  A CIMEDNALP. "TON" A CIMEDNAP@ @SIHT SI A TSUM DAER @  SIHT SI A TSUM HCTAW @ @ SIHT  SI A  GNIVOL  TNEMHSINOMDA@ DIVOC 19  SAW  DETAERC  NI A  LACIMEHCOIB  BAL NI  ANIHC  ( SEIL TUOBA HSIF TEKRAM), TI SAW  DESAELER  HGUORHT REHTEAW NOITALUPINAM OTNI EHT EREHPSONOI MORF THE EHT  DNUORG.  YLLABOLG DELLORTNOC   DNA  DETALUGER   HTIW CITENGAMORTCELE YGRENE OT DAERPS , EHT SEIL  ERA SSELTNUOC. RIEHT SI ON NIOC EGATROHS.  RIEHT SI ON DETANIMATNOC  YCNERRUC  ROF RUOF SHTNOM, EHT TCAPMI FODIVOC 19 SI NA ADNEGA OT  GNIRB CIMONOCE TESER. LLA NWONK...LLA  DENNALP. UOY EVAH  OT PEEK NI DNIM SIHT RAW SI LAUTIRIPS, DNA  TON LARUTAN. YEHT ERA GNIYL  TUOBA DIVOC 19 TCAPMI, ( O.H.W "DETTIMDA" OT ETAREGGAXE EHT SREBMUN,),  GNIYL TUOBA  EHT HTAED ETAR, GNIYL TUOBA EHT NOITATUM GNIYL TUOBA  EHT YTEFAS FO EHT  ENICCAV. (  RIEHT SI ON  NOITATNEMUCOD SEVORP TI SI EFAS,  DNA YOU UOY T'NAC WES MEHT. YEHT TROPPUS SCINEGUE ,  ADNEGA 21, DNA   NOITAULPOP  NOITCUDER OT LLIK REVO 3  NOILLIB ELPOEP.) DAER RUOY SLEBAL  NO RUOY ABH, SLACITUCAMRAHP, DNA DOOF SLEBAL. ENO TNAIDERGNI TAHT SI LUFMRAH OT EHT NAMUH YDOB. DETRATS NI 2009 FI UOY T'NOD EVEILEB DAER RUOY SLEBAL. (  EHT LIVED SEMOC OT LLIK, LAETS, DNA YORTSED, TUB SUSEJ  EMAC OT EVIG RUOY EFIL, DNA  EFIL YLTNADNUBA.) YEHT  ERA GNITAERC NOITALFNIREPYH HGUORHT EHT SEIL ROF "CIMONOCE TESER". LLA DENNALP.........LLA NWONK................. DIVOC  19 SI A CIMEDNALP. EERHT EROC TRAP ADNEGA (GRO.MUROFEW WEN DLROW REDRO ADNEGA) 1)REDLOHEKATS YROEHT 2)NEERG ERUTCURTSLUFNI  3) HTRUOF LAIRTSUDNI NOITULOVER EHT HTRUOF  LAIRTSUDNI  NOITULOVER STROPPUS MUTNAUQ GNITUPMOC ( LATIGID YCNERRUC  OS YEHT ERA GNIOD YAWA HTIW S'YADOT  YCNERRUC  DNA EHT  LATIGID YCNERRUC SI EHT GNINNIGEB FO EHT TSAEB  METSYS)  ECAPS  X, PIHC   NOITATALPMI  NI  EHT NIARB, IA ( MSINAMUHSNART), SCITOBORONAN SI TSUJ A WEF FO RIEHT  CINATAS  ADNEGA. EHT TSEAB METSYS YAM TRATS GNISIMORP, TUB NI EHT DNE UOY LLIW EB DECROF OT EKAT PIHC RO OOTTAT. SIHT SI EHT  TSEAB  METSYS. TI IS LACILBIB. UOY T'NAC  YUB OR  LLES TUOHTIW EHT PIHC RO  OOTTAT. IF UOY EKAT EHT  PIHC RO OOTTAT UOY ERA WON TRAP FO EHT  TSEAB METSYS. SIHT SI LACIBIB, DNA DOG DAH EDAM SIHT RAELC. UOY LLIW EB NWORHT YLYCERID OTNI EHT EKAL FO ERIF ROF YTNRETE. TNEMEGDUJ NI A WEF SRAEY MORF EHT EMIT UOY EVAH NEKAT EHT PIHC RO OOTTAT.  SIHT RAW SI LAUTIRIPS, DNA TON LARUTAN. @EB ERAWA FO SIHT GNIEB EHT ENICCAV OT EMOC @ SIHT SI TON WON, DNA TI SI TON GNIEB DEREVOC YB  EKAF  SWEN  AIDEM TA SIHT EMIT. OS ROFEREHT IT SI TON NOTIAMROFNISIM RO RONOITAMROFNISID. @EB ERAWA FO SIHT  GNIEB EHT ENICCAV OT EMOC@ 1) OG OT MOC.HOEV 2) RETNE NI  HCRAES ENIGNE  (RD EIRRAC JEDAM)  3) HCTAW 21:16 ETUNIM OEDIV. SIHT SI A DNAB DIA  EERHT STRAP 1)  ANREDAM-  AND  GNIGNAHC SEITILIBAPAC HGUORHT  ANREDAM ( SEGNAHC RUOY AND ELPOEP) 2) ESAREFICUL (SCITSIROTCARAHC OF  PIHC/OOTTAT DNA UOY REVEN EKAT) 3)YGOLONHCETONAN ( ELPMAXE SEIDAL FI UOY EVAH RUOY LAURTSNEM ELCYC TNEMNREVOG  SLAICIFFO LLIW WONK NEHW UOY OD. TAHW SEOD TAHT LLET UOY. ) SIHT  ENICCAV OEDIV SI GNIEB DEVOMER SSORCA EHT TENRETNI. YEHT ERA GNIGNAHC YCILOP, DNA SENILEDIUG TSNIAGA  NOITAMROFNISIM DNA NOITAMROFNISID OT ECNELIS EHT HTURT. YEHT ERA GNITAERC SWAL OT ECNELIS EHT HTURT. NI YTILAER YEHT ERA GNIVIG EHT NOITAMROFNISIM ,AND NOITAMROFNISID OT REVOC RIEHT  CINATAS ADNEGA. UOY ERA  GNISOL RUOY  STHGIR ENO  ADNEGA TA A EMIT........................ OT YNAM SELPMAXE OT EVIG TAHT  SI YHW YEHT ETAERC  ESLAF   GALF  STNEVE. YEHT ERIH SISIRC SROTCA. HCUM NOITATNEMUCOD NAC EB DNUOF NO TSILSGIARC ROF ESLAF GALF  STNEVE ENOLA . PMURT  STOIR (SEIL)  MSICAR EGAREVOC (SEIL) SAL  SAGEV GNITOOHS (SEIL)  KOOHYDNAS GNITOOHS (SEIL) STTIP  HSIWEJ RETNEC GNITOOHS (SEIL) TSIRORRET KCATTA HTIW 911  (SEIL) ILOBE KAERBTUO (SEIL) TCE...................................................................................................................... SIHT RAW  SI LAUTIRIPS SIHT RAW SI LAUTIRIPS SIHT RAW SI LAUTIRIPS UOY EVAH OT DNATSREDNU  SIHT RIEHT SI A THGIF ROF RUOY LUOS FO DOOG DNA LIVE EREHW UOY LLIW DNEPS YTINRETE. EREHW SI SIHT RAW DEGAW. (NI EHT DNIM ) DOG SI TNEICSNMO (LLA GNIWONK) DOG SI TNESERPINMO. (EREHWYREVE  TA EHT EMAS EMIT ) DOG SI TNETOPINMO (LLA LUFREWOP ) I  EVIG SIHT GNINRAW NI EHT TSOMPU EVOL OT REHTONA NAMUH GNIEB OT REHTONA. EKAT DEEH OT SIHT GNINRAW.... EKAT DEEH OT SIHT EGASSAM.... OD I KAEPS HTURT (MRIFNOC)  1) KCEHC RUOY SLEBAL SA I EVAH DETATS.  2)  DOG SI GNIOG OT EVOM YB TSUGUA OT GNIRB A GNIKAHS OT EHT TNEMNREVOG HTIW EHT LAGELLI NOITPURROC FO GNICALP  NEDIB NI ECCIFFO, DNA GNIVOMER PMURT.  3) EHT SEIL FO EHT STNAIRAV LLIW EUNITNOC OT GNIRB EKAF SWEN  YB GNICUDORP  RAEF, DNA ADNEGA OT EHT SSAM HTIW SEIL FO LABOLG DAERPS. 4) NA LANRETNI NOITULOVER SEUNITNOC OT DLIUB DETRATS YB EHT STSINUMMOC NEHT AISSUR, ANIHC , DNA LAREVES REHTO SEIRTNUOC LLIW EGREME MORF EHT NAECO DNA KCATTA S.U.  RAELCUN  STNEMAMRA .  (DEISEHPORP NI 80'S YB IRTIMID NAMRETUED , DNA DOG SAH DEMRIFNOC) 5) SNALP FO EHT WEN DLROW REDRO LLIW EVAH ENO LABOLG TNEMNREVOG, ENO LABOLG NOIGILER, DNA ENO LABOLG YCNERRUC. (DIVOC 19 CIMEDNAP  DESSERGORP LATIGID YCNERRUC HTIW TXEN PETS)  SIHT LLIW NEPPAH NI YM EFIL EMIT.  6)SSAM STSERRA GNIMOC OT HGIH SLAICIFFO.  TCE............... DOG SEVOL UOY. DOG EVAG SIH YLNO NOS ROF UOY GNIDROCCA OT NHOJ 3:16. OS TAHT UOY LLIW EVAH NA TNADNUBA EFIL, DNA LANRETE NOITAVLAS.  TI SI EHT SSENDOOG FO DOG TAHT SGNIRB ELPOEP OT ECNATNEPER . ECNO UOY EVAH  NOISICMUCRIC FO EHT TRAEH DNA TPECCA SIH NOS. EVEILEB NI RUOY TRAEH, DNA SSEFNOC HTIW ROUY HTUOM TAHT SUSEJ TSIRHC SI DROL, DNA UOY LLIW EB DEVAS. SUSEJ DIAP EHT ECIRP FO RUOY TNEMHSINUP ,GNIREFFUS, DNA HTAED OS UOY TNDID EVAH OT.  DOG LLIW EKAM SIH ECNESERP NWONK OT UOY. DOG NAC LAEH UOY. DOG NAC  REVILED UOY. DOG NAC TCETORP UOY. DOG NAC EDIVORP ROF UOY. . DOG STEEM SDEEN. DOG LLIW EVIGROF UOY FO GNIHTYNA UOY EVAH ENOD. . DOG NAC EROTSER UOY YB EHT DEHSINIF KROW FO SUSEJ TSIRHC.  UOY NAC TON YLNO EB EERF, TUB EERF DEEDNI.  !NEMA, DNA NEMA............ SUSEJ TSIRHC SI GNINRUTER NOOS. DOG EKOPS OT EM NI A MAERD,  DNA SHIT SAW SIH TCAXE SDROW. @@ NEHW YM NOS STILPS EHT NRETSAE YKS. UOY LLIW EES YM NOS EMOC NI LLA FO SIH YROLG @@  WEHTTAM 24:27 GNIK SEMAJ NOISREV  27 ROF SA EHT GNINTHGIL HTEMOC TUO FO EHT TSAE, DNA HTENIHS NEVE OTNU EHT TSEW; OS LLAHS OSLA EHT GNIMOC FO EHT NOS FO NAM EB. SUSEJ TSIRHC SI GNIMOC NOOS. REWSNA.......KEES SUSEJ TSIRHC HTIW LLA RUOY TRAEH EROFEB TI SI OT ETAL; @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
If Mac wants to fight again cool. But if Dustin gets the belt, Connor shouldn't get a title shot off rip. If he's #5 he should fight #4 etc etc
Whew, talk about "break a leg" o me I think connor isn't coming back! Self msg, "next time!" Trash talk is way outta line! Dustin yourr a great guy and hmconnor got what he had coming!
Ok, usually YT comments  suck but these are golden 👍
Mc Gregor should retire while he’s still relevant.  After Poirier kicks his ass one more time; it will be Connor who?
Surely by now even his biggest fanboys can see him for the fraud he is. Made his name knocking out much smaller men due to his ability to cut so much weight. Was considerably the bigger man on fight night in every fight he had at 145. Moved up and was way bigger than Alvarez. Doesn't have a single finish after round 2 in the UFC. Hasn't beaten anyone at 155 other than Alvarez. He is a fraud.
💛🙏💎Be blessed!!!  x 1,000,000! 🙏💛💎😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄😄🙏🙏🙏
McGregor's soul is out of it now, so he can go away.  Dana has a decision to make about some sense of dignity in the sport.
Connor is a done deal he can't fight anymore he's shot out to much partying,he doesn't take his training seriously always gasses out you can see rite thru him maybe he should try WWE..
Connor might not even get a fight with the Paul bros at this point. I guess Bryce is next LOL
I really liked this dude when he first came to the UFC. Now he can take a long walk off a short cliff. What a joke of a sportsman. Money truly changes people and usually not in a good way as you can see by this 32 year old child. Have a great one guys!!!
It’s weird when Connor is on his ass for his 2nd loss to Dustin chirping about how he’s gonna kill him. Dude you just lost. For the 2nd time . What? How does anyone listen to that clown?
Dustin has got his number
I wanna see Edwards-Burns, winner gets title shot after Marty-Colby
He need to retire danna shouldnt let him fight anymore either at least not at the top 5
On one hand I hope Conor is never able to return to fighting and on the other hand it's a lot of fun watching him lose. If he does come back, he will continue to lose.
Conor should keep fighting so he can get his little leprechaun a$$ kicked some more.
"breaks silence"... It literally happened 1 day ago. To the person that made that title... are you dumb?
Conor McGregor can do anything Dana White act like you don't see nothing any other fighter would be suspended for that Behavior
RETIRE!!!!
Connors is done now and he will never come back as number one
Connor lost some but it was top game,  See how he got tested if he was still  game, they gave him cowboy, he got Wooped.
He broke his leg off an elbow check on a kick... that's absolutely a fight victory. It was when Weidman did it to Silva and it counts hear. He can't continue due to brutality. You lost girl. Go home
Lol you hear Dana thinking " I'f only McGregor won it would be so good for the sport and my wallet "...
Nobody wants to watch that washed up has been thug anymore!
Poirier is a class act. Dustin, make the UFC pay large for a rematch, winner take all, then take McMouth out of the game forever, break his other leg.
you let your mouth out perform your skill and you get your ass beat McGregor has a big mouth
Dustin didn’t like the fact that it ended that way-fact. Dustin smashed his lights out the last fight let’s forget about the leg for a second...who won that round before it broke? Dustin. Mcgreagor fan boys will actually form a cult of punching old men when he gets spanked again.
Aaaahhh me fooohkan leg😂😂
Should have fought Diaz before Poirier, rookie mistake
Conor didn't scramble to his feet. Dustin walked away because Conor was holding his gloves, trying to pull him into upkicks
John 3:16-17 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
Connors ass finally caught up with his mouth and guess what?  Couldn't cash the cheque now looks like a fool, clown, loser, child.  Poor Mrs. McWhiney
Conor losing broke Dana heart!
Cant fight anymore with a huge target like that.  Fight 2 destroyed his leg.
Rematch, leg kicks and game over
How can you not be a Dustin fan
Dustin, you're spot on with your analysis .
Go for the championship match Porrier
Sorry mate but I think it’s the end for Conor, look at Anderson Silva, you’ll never be the same again….
This what boxing money will do to a mma career
Dustin should rematch Connor and keep getting that easy money 💰. Connor is done.
No rematch....move on man. Best of 5? Forget it. Ultimate Fighting Circus. Man! I miss old skool UFC.
Dana is such a Beta!!! He's upset his bed buddy lost!
Toe Rogan is literally 5ft 2".
Connor chicken leg MacGregor
Conor's only win at 155 is Eddie Alvarez. Give Nate the rubber match. Conor has no business fighting anyone in the top 5 at 155 at this point.
Dont waste time rewatching connor mcgregor his a ufc clown and laughing stock of the world it's a waste of time to rematch him and a waste of life and energy to rematch this guy
Rose ambassador of the sport.
Self-own via poor footwork is a brutaly revealing measure of Connor's curent level of fitness. If he can't dance without breaking his own leg putting him in a top teir fight competition shows a reckless disregard for the man's health.  Lo and behold here he is sustaining a career ending injury. Stay tuned for the tragedy of post-retirement connor when he becomes a pissy drunk, loses it all and winds up being killed in a street fight he started.  ...You heard it here first, folks!
Retire
Connor is done. He’s now a sad shell of what he use to be
Dana White just manhandles Connor McGregor at press conference.
Definitely gotta give respect for Dustin for how he handles Connor in and out of the ring.
w(°ｏ°)w
Connor is just a nasty trash talker who is given to many chances he should join the que n fight his way up it would do him Good
I truly think that the outcome was lucky for Conor McGregor.  After Dustin wins the strap, does Conor get a title shot? Pretty shameful considering his losing streak.
SALVATION BY GRACE, THE GIFT OF GOD WE RECEIVE WHEN WE PUT OUR FAITH IN JESUS CHRIST FOR ETERNAL LIFE, FORGIVENESS OF ALL SIN & RECONCILIATION TO GOD.  Romans 10:9 Because, if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. Acts 4:12 And there is salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved. Ephesians 2:8 For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God. John 14:6 Jesus said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.” 1 John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1 John 5:13 I write these things to you who believe in the name of the Son of God that you may know that you have eternal life. 1 Peter 2:24 He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, that we might die to sin and live to righteousness. By his wounds you have been healed. 1 Peter 3:21 Baptism, which corresponds to this, now saves you, not as a removal of dirt from the body but as an appeal to God for a good conscience, through the resurrection of Jesus Christ. 1 Corinthians‬ ‭15:3-4‬ ‭ESV‬‬ ‘For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received: that Christ died for our sins in accordance with the Scriptures, that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day in accordance with the Scriptures,’ 1 Thessalonians 5:9 For God has not destined us for wrath, but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. 2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has passed away; behold, the new has come. 2 Corinthians 5:21 For our sake he made him to be sin who knew no sin, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God. 2 Corinthians 6:2 For he says, “In a favorable time I listened to you, and in a day of salvation I have helped you.” Behold, now is the favorable time; behold, now is the day of salvation. 2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slow to fulfill his promise as some count slowness, but is patient toward you, not wishing that any should perish, but that all should reach repentance. 2 Thessalonians 2:13 But we ought always to give thanks to God for you, brothers beloved by the Lord, because God chose you as the firstfruits to be saved, through sanctification by the Spirit and belief in the truth. Acts 16:31 And they said, “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved, you and your household.” Acts 2:38 And Peter said to them, “Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins, and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.” John 1:12 But to all who did receive him, who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God. John 3:36 “Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life; whoever does not obey the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of God remains on him.” John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
Im tired of seeing him get big shit fights. He needs to earn that shit after three lossess
18 minute ad... you've got to be fucking joking
Connor don't deserve another fight with portier
It's so ironic that Connor said " Dustin will leave on a stretcher" and he left on a stretcher..
Poirier didn’t even have to give him this rematch. Connor only “deserved” it because of his career.
Yes.. definitely!
I don't understand. What redeeming quality does Conor have anymore? In terms of who Conor fights next, I say Dan Hooker.
I think he has to keep fighting. He hasn't been responsible with his money. He needs to focus on getting back to the training that got him there. To much put into trying to get in Dustin's head not enough in the gym
So ironic that mcgregor said “first to shoot for a takedown is a little bitch” and when he realized Dustin was going to knock him out he panicked and tried submitting him.
Conor is a has been who still draws crowds but why not do the right thing and give fighters who work hard and are waiting for center stage opportunities their chance? Unless he can fight Cowboy every night Conor will continue to sink.
Conor should give Vince McMahon a call. Seems he's more into talking anyway.
I think it’s time for Connor to walk away. He’s damaging his legacy. And who cares what FM did.. Who’s he??
She did literally flipped him off when he sat there with a snapped ankle..  His carreer might've been over right there and then and she flipped him off?? How would anyone react with disrespect like that?? Even if conor won and it was dustin his ankle and carreer there i can totally see conor coming to his side and giving him respect. He wouldn't just flip him off even if he's a trash talker, he's always caring and humble even in defeat or loss.
Dana milking the fans from Conors Popularity knowing clearly he's on the decline...lol
He should continue so we get to  see him handed a beating
I wouldn't pay $90. to watch shit-mouth McGregor to trash talk another guy's wife and then get beat to a pulp. McGregor would get destroyed by Dariush. Let Broke Bones McGregor start down where he belongs at #12 or #13.  O'Malley would get destroyed by a guy who could actually hit him. Congrats to the guy he fought, what gameness he showed. It was a tough way to start in the UFC, but he earned it.
Conor needs the kind of balance he had against aldo, trash talking but not to crazy and more along the lines of banter... he got angry against khabib and wasnt at his best (khabib would win regardless) again he didnt look his best....
Foook McCracken
Fight2  right leg dead, fight3 broken left ankle, can a third leg do a "proper' stand? This dude shows up at Press Conference - surely not sober!
Gilbert burns is like the Walmart version of usman.
You can tell that Connor is Dana’s little baby boy. Talking about how Dustin is just going to do his thing until Connor is ready. As if Connor is the only thing that’s ever going to stop Dustin. He’s just waiting for Connor to be able to fight Dustin again. When it should be Dustin fighting to defend his title as a rightful winner.
Connor has battled Connor for far too long and no-longer understands that respect has to be earned.   He should retire and enjoy his fabulous wealth and enjoy watching his family enjoying life too.  Best of Luck Connor. .
Conor needs to get a few more wins before he faces Dustin again. Personally I think he should've fought others before the trilogy and let Dustin get the title and come back and fight him for the title.
mcgregor alias tony fuking montana love this man
His ego will not allow him to retire. It’s funny because ego is the most “un-martial arts” thing a human can possess.
Gilbert Burns did nothing with those takedowns. Feel bad for Wonderboy.
Dana White's Reaction: sh*t his pants  Vince McMahon's Reaction: creamed his pants   Triple H looks at Vince with a grin and askes: "Conor VS Brock at Wrestlemania?"  Vince Responds With An Evil Grin: "Let's Make It Happen"
McGregor is as obnoxious as he is irrelevant
karma is real, conor threaten to murder dustin and now he crippled himself for saying that lol. the gods dont miss
Mystic mac, the $100 mill chav. What a bell end.
How funny Dustin could have very easily turned Connor into a corpse and who left on a stretcher? Wow the irony!
Conor shouldve won the fight!!! Broke his ankle and lost because of it. He will come babe and beat Dustin. And when posted that caption “you need people like me” he’s referencing the movie “Scarface” he’s considering himself a villain now and that’s why he has so many haters now. Conor is UFC. Talk all you want about him but that’s why he has his own whisky company logo in the octagon.
Continue fighting so he can continue to destroy his body and lose fights
McGregor is swiftly becoming out dated in the UFC and I think that scares him because all that fame and wealth will evaporate quickly.
I like Dustin
Feel sorry for all those guys that deserve to have a chance to move up and dana keeps holding them down with money and opportunity .ohh he's not ready such a fkn dick.connor comes in gets his balls handed to him brags what he made .then yet he gets a 2nd chance to fight the same gut who kicked his ass again lol.he has the balls to say he wants another fight and dana says yes again .I don't blame those guys for leaving..
He need to seek God and humble himself..that didn’t himble him
Wouldn’t that be funny that Conor fights for the title when he comes to face Poirier. I d laugh my ass of if that happens
No rematch.
Best of seven? I like the McGregor hype but not tuning in for part four.
If Connor  loses again he risks further tarnishing his reputation , I think he should contemplate retirement for good this time lol
Connor would do better if he had to work his way up like most other fighters.
Jolie Jolie Jolie
MCGREGOR BROKE HIS SHIN BONE! Injury very similar to Silva and Wideman.
Conor needs to just retire and enjoy those hundreds of millions, why bother fighting at this point? All he’s doing is making himself less and less likable and risking injuries.
Dana White sounds so sad and depleted that his man Connor McBroken Ankle lost
Gilbert Burns is a wack boring fighter that fight was so stupid
Very disappointed in Dana contemplating doing a 4th fight.
Dustin is pure class!!👌🏼 GOD BLESS YOU BRO!!  You deserved this win 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼  All Praise and Glory to our LORD and SAVIOUR JESUS CHRIST the one and only true God who is the way the truth and the life Amen!! 🤜🏼🤛🏼
Bored of McGregor now
Solid as a Diamond. The Truth.
Trilogy did not finish need 4rth match.
Connor always impresses on everyone that he's such a manly man but yet he yells and cries like some little girl when he gets hurt. How am I suppose to respect that, Connor?
Dude went from Conor McTapper to Ankle McSnapper
Connor is done!!! Why wouldn’t EVEY person he faces come in with leg kicks???  Connor will get leg kicked into oblivion. Every digger is going to want a win against the former best. Nobody is scared of him. And the blueprint on how to beat him is out for public knowledge.
Lmao floyd bet 50000   he wasn't sure of himself    that guy drops Ms
Broken leg?   It’s a. Broken ankle.
mcgregor thinks he's scarface 🤣
Dana’s cash cow is dead
This is literally like a disney villian going out in the end
Yes he should he would of beat Dustin  Dustin air shit
Conor’s “LEG”acy is broken🤣😎
Hes wife started it. If you think someone like  Connor  Will not react. You are an idiot. That being Said, you dont involve familys, you just dont.
Dana selling wolf tickets throw connor out
The things Conor said about Dustin's wife?? You all had a president that constantly said shit about women and you didn't flinch - WTF
Dustin won the round but I don't think they should count that as a win for Dustin. McGregor broke his ankle from a bad step. Just a freak accident.
No Conor, we don't need people like you, the world needs people like Dustin Poirier, who are kind, he make, who care for their communities and who honour their opponents..
Either have Conor fight against Gaethje next year and retire from mma after that loss (he will get butchered) or have a fight against Tony Ferguson for an end of an era fight
That's such a serious injury, that ankle was hanging off. There's no way Connor can come back from that, no way.   He should retire, it's game over.  Poirier is such a nice guy and a gentleman.  Walk away Dustin, don't get into a nutty back n forth with McGregor as he and his fans are nuts.
Dana : uno people don’t wanna see a fight end that way  Me : shut up you bald fat juice head I wanted to see Dustin break both conors legs completely in half 😂
McGregor's washed up.
Love seeing McNugget get beaten up, hope he keeps fighting.
I'm over this....   Conor was getting his head kicked in before his ankle broke... Who cares to see another re-match?  He dodged a bullet (2nd ass beating). He needs to retire.
Part 4... so Connor can finally be silenced and proven he can’t roll with Poirer.
He was never silent lol
Bro if I was Connor I would put my pride away admit the trash talking was over board and retire
no need for a rematch fight diaz next
Dang Connor! That’s a crazy way to go.
Imagine what DW has heard over the years while standing between fighters… NSFW guaranteed
Who even wants to see Connor fight again? A Lot of shit talk but nothing to Back up it
Conor reminds me of Denzel’s King Kong scene in training day. Everyone knew Denzel was a deadman except him.
Conner in a country marked by gun crimes school shootings and is a role model to millions dana for god sake grow a pair and ban him for life tell him what he did is not acceptable in life or combat sports ufc gets rid of conner or mma will leave the ufc I'm looking for a way to buy bellator shares now can anyone help cos want to off loads some dead stock and drop some on beleator cost they about to smash it
Dana, plz. keep that same McGregor energy for  Nate and Jon Jones.😒🤫
Conor: let's talk now! Orthopedic surgean : it's just business!
never checked a kick
no Mcgregor doesnt deserve it. hes a punk i lost all respect for him.
I don't think anybody has to ask that question everybody knows there has to be another rematch
Should've retired after Mayweather.  It's been rough for my guy.  Hope he'll come back even though it doesn't look good
I think it was over before even started connr hasn’t been putting in work for any fight
Conor dont deserve to be in UFC  anymore.  Khabib  broke him forever
Have a retirement fight with Nate or just retire.  He was getting pieced up before the break.  Conor- I don’t count when I got submitted as a loss, as he goes to two guillotine attempts just in the first round.  😂.     💎💎💎💎💎 nice prediction of the stretcher lol.
Conner doesn’t deserve rematch
You need people like me. You need people like me so you can point your  fucking  fingers and say, “That’s the bad guy.” So what that make you?  Good? You’re not good. You just know how to hide, how to lie.
Conor needs to do the Diaz Trilogy in California before getting a shot at Dustin again. 6 minute rounds, 9 total rounds for all trilogy's to follow! Leaving no doubt as to who is the winner of a UFC  grudge match!
Conor didn't quit. Even after his leg broke his mind was on the fight being called a "doctor's stoppage" - over him quitting or being taken out officially. That is why Conor is a legend and Jose Aldo is just a guy.
`He already saw that when it happened. Who is the asshole? Conor for his trash talk or the REF and Poirier for mauling him when it broke?
I wanna see him face michael Chandler makes sence
Send conor back to smelly dublin
Connor will always lose in the ground. You want to beat him take his ass to the ground he’ll lose every time
connor may never be back, if he is it will be 2 years..  he should retire..   connor has always displayed low class
Conor- Proper Douche
I mean love him or hate him it's sad he put all that work in just to go out by a injury and not by Dustin not a win in my book
Connor is such a clown and a big time loser with a lot of money
The only fighter that gets rematches after loosing. If you don't think ufc is fixed you're a loser just McGregor
If i was Dustin id ask MILLIONS for the 4th fight after the disrespect
If he heals up right keep fighting
Someone just pocketed $35K while I have not even $100 to my name. FML lol
Conor didn't break his silence, he broke his foot.  Leg checks can be devastating we talk about it all the time.
Like Connor or not .....he makes people watch ...he don't believe all the stuff he says about whoever he's fighting...he understands it's business ....and if you can't see that , then you have some growing up to do .
Wasn’t a tko finish it was a dr stoppage.
O'Malley keep winning against non ranked guy... but this time ... the opponent had 1 week notice ... and O'Malley even against non ranked guy .. with 1 week advice is not able to KO or submit his opponent ... but yes... he says " I'm on deferment level " ... yeah ground floor that's your level .. LOL ... could we see him fight someone in top ten ? Si boring all this sean parody of Conor mcgregor ahaha .. kid keep saying he is on another level ... can he fight someone on a top ten ? And I perfectly know why he hasn't... but it's time...
Someone let me know when you've seen Dana White and Joe Rogan in the same room.
Everyone pouring that proper 12 down the sink
Burns can't take Kamaru down ... can't strike with Kamaru... why this fight does put you in the title shot ?
There are levels ....
Conor vs Dustin 4 for tittle
Conor's only option right now is a wheelchair boxing match on the Jake Paul vs Tyron Woodley undercard.
Conor won't fight anymore and Dustin if become champion won't give Conor rematch directly said
utilizing low kicks? he broke his own shin with those kicks. fake news! Conor fanboy news!
Conor has enormous deltoids
So why poirier didn't say what was written in that dm that his wife's sent to Conor and why ?
connor needs help.
Wasn't uncle... it was a Thibia breaks! He broke when he kicks poirier knee in his second low kick
I hope he comes back and every opponent kicks him right in that shitty leg of his.  Conor was acting like a little bitch after he lost.
Honestly I think he would of lost that fight regardless... Honestly I don't know why he still let's his body go through all of this... Sold his stake in proper 12 for 500mil... Just relax and enjoy your life and be glad that your body isn't completely destroyed yet...
This is such an entertaining trainwreck lol. Connors early interviews are like he prophesized his own downfall
Mcgrogor deserves biggest douche bag award 🥇
Conor has officially retired
Conner should be taken out of the UFC's he isn't entertaining anymore just a sad drunk Irish boy
Connor should probably just retire. He at least has a small excuse to hold onto and that he was forced out of the sport due to a serious freak injury. A decent narrative at least.  If the guy fights after this,  I honestly don’t see him ever winning again. Including vs Nate Diaz 3. Which will just effect his legacy or marketability the more he loses.  The game developed without him and he seems to be playing catch-up to the guy He Was Before. If he can’t match up to his old self, how can one expect him to keep up with the sport?
Since paying attention to UFC I have not witnessed McGregor win at all. 🤷🏾‍♂️
Breaks silence? Nice click bait.
What happened in UFC 264 only adds up to Conor’s legacy. It does not demote its status as the UFC’s top Supertar, as a matter of fact it boost Conor’s fame and portrayal of him being “The Notorious”
If a fight can't finish like that then what about a rematch between Leon and bilal the kid deserves his rematch
If I was Dustin, I’d never fight that loser again. Let him live with that broken leg.
Apparently you CAN have a fight finish that way. Connor is toast. Poetic justice . TKO.
Nobody wants to see a rematch lol Dustin is just better. The leg break was the best case for Conor cause he was gunna get knocked out.
Khabib destroyed you conner u cant win RETIRE UV MADE ENUFF
Oh yes, Communists; the U.S. will just be soooo much better if we just redrum (spelled backwards) all of the innocent etihw people; just look at Zimbabwe, Haiti, and South Africa.  They deredrum all of the etihw people, and now they have no food, no clean water, no medicine, and no hope for the future, all because China wanted to seize the land that was being farmed by etihw people so they can feed their 1.5 BILLION sweat shop sevals..,.,..,
Communists: "Forcing people of color to obtain an ID to vote is oppression, but forcing them to get a shot that will sterilize and possibly kill them isn't oppression!"  Biden can send teams door-to-door to make sure you got the death shot, but he can't send teams door-to-door to help all those po' uneducated people of color get voter IDs?????????😛😜🤪😝.,.,.,
Sean O'Mally is obviously willing to cherry pick opponents that he admits are not on his level, and then proceed to give them brain damage in IMHO a cowardly attempt to pad his record and improve his...what?...image?  Suspect.  Ranking?  I hope this disparity in skill is taken into account there.   The coaches from both sides and the fight officials, including the fight doctor, all did a disservice to that green haired kid by not stopping this fight when it became obvious that the kid was too tough for his own cognitive function.
that leprechaun is a dirtbag
Yeah they should fight one more time as Conor has one more leg.
Mcgregor will not stop until he is holding that belt!
Dana reminds of the kid in high school who always wanted to hangout with the popular kids and was overzealous in kissing their asses.
My candid advice to Conor! He better think of retiring because he will soon be getting the beating of his life. Safe yourself & the little remain Hype you’ve got. Kiss ma ass Conor. Next time respect people’s family cos family is everything.
Danas voice when talking about conor sounded not to happy, thinks hes starting to realize conor is his next chuck lidell, was the man for a long time and now will probably pay McGregor more money to not fight later on
I don't care for another rematch, Conner got worked the last 2 fights and will not improve with a rebuilt leg.... But, I would like to see a Conner fight against NICK Diaz as a "comeback" for both
Dana: " this rivalry is not over until Conor wins"
Always will root for Connor come back brother and do what you do
What we really need is your mouth shut and your retirement. Mcmoron.
Its the way everyone want to see it end. Flogger deserve what happened to him. Been drinking your whisky too much mate.
He took a vow of silence from the media...until the next microphone or internet access
MCcracker needs some milk.
Magnificent grappling showcase? He took him down and just laid on him.
My how the turn tables have...
I'd pay to watch Dustin beat his ass a few more times.
Conor making his wife feel like shit by telling Jolie hit me up lol
Dustin is a good person. He did not want nothing bad to happen to McGregor. That's a great man. RESPECT.
Conor acting like he pulls ski mask down and shoots gun while on stretcher
if a fight is not "supposed to end like that", why did this clown never give Anderson another rematch against Weidman?
“What’s next for Connor Mcgregor?” Bugattis and man purses..Bugattis and man purses.
From all i know you can say what ya want to, if someone dont like it, do something about it or shut the hell up
Mcsnapper is a greedy little leprechaun
my boy gilbert wants all the smoke lmaoo let him fight leon next
mcgregor  " broke and bleeding "   carma
Connor McRousey.  So done.
Connor McCrutches.  Bye bye...
McGregor: “You’re fookin dead Saturday night!” Conors ankle: “Conor was never my friend.” ,, follow me
Its done. Dustin shouldn't give Connor time of day.  He's a piss poor loser, dirty fighter and no we need more people like Dustin!
I personally think conor works best off his own ego and praise and he needed a tune up fight to get back in to it. That's why he called out Diego Sanchez on his return but ended up sitting out for another year after his win off cowboy and now he might sit out for a year again
If Poirier becomes champion DON'T give him an automatic rematch ffs! There's nothing he's done that deserves a title shot.
He done out
SALVATION BY GRACE, THE GIFT OF GOD WE RECEIVE WHEN WE PUT OUR FAITH IN JESUS CHRIST FOR ETERNAL LIFE, FORGIVENESS OF ALL SIN & RECONCILIATION TO GOD.  Romans 10:9 Because, if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved. Acts 4:12 And there is salvation in no one else, for there is no other name under heaven given among men by which we must be saved. Ephesians 2:8 For by grace you have been saved through faith. And this is not your own doing; it is the gift of God. John 14:6 Jesus said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me.” 1 John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is faithful and just to forgive us our sins and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. 1 John 5:13 I write these things to you who believe in the name of the Son of God that you may know that you have eternal life. 1 Peter 2:24 He himself bore our sins in his body on the tree, that we might die to sin and live to righteousness. By his wounds you have been healed. 1 Peter 3:21 Baptism, which corresponds to this, now saves you, not as a removal of dirt from the body but as an appeal to God for a good conscience, through the resurrection of Jesus Christ. 1 Thessalonians 5:9 For God has not destined us for wrath, but to obtain salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. 2 Corinthians 5:17 Therefore, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old has passed away; behold, the new has come. 2 Corinthians 5:21 For our sake he made him to be sin who knew no sin, so that in him we might become the righteousness of God. 2 Corinthians 6:2 For he says, “In a favorable time I listened to you, and in a day of salvation I have helped you.” Behold, now is the favorable time; behold, now is the day of salvation. 2 Peter 3:9 The Lord is not slow to fulfill his promise as some count slowness, but is patient toward you, not wishing that any should perish, but that all should reach repentance. 2 Thessalonians 2:13 But we ought always to give thanks to God for you, brothers beloved by the Lord, because God chose you as the firstfruits to be saved, through sanctification by the Spirit and belief in the truth. Acts 16:31 And they said, “Believe in the Lord Jesus, and you will be saved, you and your household.” Acts 2:38 And Peter said to them, “Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins, and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit.” John 1:12 But to all who did receive him, who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of God. John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life.
Dustin will beat Conman in the ring or out of it. He would do it for free but so many people will gladly pay him to.
WWE with Rhonda or jake Paul for mctapper
All this show to get some money...
McPeglegor
I mean honestly I hope mcgregor uses his anger and shame as motivation. He getting old.
conner mclegger
In regards to wonder boy v burns...   The sport is so wrestling favoured (in scoring). I feel that you can have inactive wrestlers hold a guy for 13minutes and win with little damage done. PS I love wrestling.
Holy crap would I like to see Omalley and Cruz go!
This was the fight we've Ben Askren for    Oh shit wrong fight
The Notorious Chicken leg  Mcgregor ....!!!!
Dana ‘we’ll see how this whole thing plays out’ White
Have to admire Connor as around 6 years ago he was on benefits now a multi multi millionaire. Feel his time as a top fighter is over and think he should now bow out gracefully
Nobody needs you Conor. You’re a low-life low caliber person with very little (if any at all) integrity. What sucks is that Conors got kids…… this is how they will behave after losing and leading up to any sport. I know a few Irish folks, they aren’t very proud of you at all.
Jokes aside, mcgregor will come back and fight Dustin again. Dustin will win, mcgregor will have the fear of breaking his ankle in his mind, will get outboxed. Hopefully Dustin taps him out too but he will still chat shit
Gilbert can't beat USMAN NO FUCKIN CHANCE IN HELL...
Is there anything better than having fun at Conor’s expense?
Great ending for the POS.
Conor just made a lot of money, and even more enemies. I don’t think too many like him anymore. I can’t tolerate a spineless man that stoops to the level of a child, by targeting another mans wife/family, whatever. Conor does cheat he IS dirty and is out-classed in his older age. Go back to Ireland, if they’ll have you.
They gave him a reverend beating, well done he deserved it for a long time
Brutally painful...the ankle i mean.
Conor should retire. Khabib broke him. It's getting embarrassing.
He should consider, becoming mature! Sore loser!
So much respect for Justin Man!
Retire!!
Khabib killed Conor and left at the top
Breaking his ankle like that is PURE KARMA
Next after recovery he will lose again...
I don't want to see any more remaches between these two. Dustin is clearly the superior fighter and he would've won whether Connor broke his leg or not.
Conor has become trash inside and out of the octagon. It’s sad really. Dustin is a solid dude. It’s time for Conor to exit the scene before he totally destroys his legacy.
Conor is a bum!
Dana saying what no one wants to admit about the rivalry not being over and I'll be waiting for the  rematch aswell
I have no clue how Kris Moutinho is even in the UFC. That performance was terrible
سىكس
Porier was dominating before the break
Shit video
Condom McNugget ahh ooh oooh my leg oohhh😂
Retire Conor
Love your videos!!! They are so well produced. Stay safe everyone ❤️
Balls to dana he beat his shit out of him..,,,
The sadness in Dana's voice
Dana so give title shot to guy lost 2 times makes sense lol. Mma fake like wrestling.
WHY?stop trying to make this rematch  This is bad taste now
Conner,s deluded but Dana wants to cash  in as long as possible, how can you say the fight never finished properly.
Connor should've asked Vin Diesel to train his ankles. Because he would've made them family. Nothing is stronger than family.
Lousey Rousy and McTapper will go down as some of the worse displays of sportsmanship in human history.
Okay that's his name Chris matino probably spelled that wrong with the talk app I got to remember that name just like the first time I saw Max Holloway when he had that match one the last 10 seconds when he pointed down at the canvas and they just slugged it out for the last 10 seconds I was like I got to remember who this guy is cuz he's going to be something then he became the champ this dude from Mass he is going to be something I mean just one against fucking sugar O'Malley dudes a tough guy and he took all of his hits probably not the best way to go through a match cover up but that dude can take a hit
How about McGregor vs Diaz or Ferguson. That would have more hype than a 4th fight between them and its more evenly matched. Dustins clearly a league above rn
The sadness in Dana's voice. His cash leprechaun just retired for good.
Is there any way to get information about Mayweather from that ticket like is it smart to post something like that I mean I'm not a hacker or anything but I'm assuming there must be some type of information there you can use
It sucks I can't read what it says because I have the closed caption on maybe if it's possible put the writing on top of the screen so with people that can't hear can still read and follow along maybe I don't know just figured I'd let you know
Dana a sucka! why didn't he mention how many losses conor has in a row?
Macgregor has been a fake product , and this is the sad end , the guy can not fight for real!
It’s always the best version of Conor, yet he looks worse and worse 😂😂😂
...speaks out?, Has THE CON  "STOPPED CHIRP'N"?!? LOL
Like I said that talk this is what going to get him a rematch that's crazy but that kind of shows I feel like Dustin could be a good chance cuz I'm one hand yeah he's defending his family don't talk shit about someone's family I get that but on the other hand he doesn't want anything bad permanently bad happening to his opponent that's a stand-up thing
He should retire I mean a lot of people say he's not hungry anymore and I guess he could always do boxing but I feel like Nate Diaz deserves a rematch for sure it's kind of hard to say
It was crazy how Dustin said karma is a bitch talking about leave here in a casket so I guess the trash talk did get to Dustin Poirier and Connor everything that he was saying in the ring he was just fucking pissed I mean I'd be pissed to my fucking leg just went on me but what can you do you know I'm not saying is trash-talking was right but he was pissed
The king will be back 🇮🇪👑😈
Does anyone feel bad for I forget his name I really wish I remembered the sugar O'Malley fight I feel like that guy was robbed if I was the ref I would have let him finish the match yeah he took a beating he deserve to finish even though he was taking those punches if that was me the only way I'd want to fight to be stopped if I was knocked out but that dude's going to be somebody he can take a punch and he just kept walking it was insane I hoping that got fight of the night
To all the people out there who is embarassing Conor and talking shit about him and saying Dustin has pure class I think they didn't seen the whole fighting scene when Conor was on the ground with his broken leg it was him who was mocking him by acting his style doing what not to show him down if he would have true class he would have just shown the true politeness towards him instead he was in his true face the face he been hiding behind all this class behaviour comon Conor fans let's support him true royalty of fans towards their ideal is shown in their hard times let's hope more better for him when he TKO like a hell dustin next time
no rematch
I'm 21 and I've had 2 knee dislocations and a knee surgery, and I'm pretty much out of commission.. I think McGregor should retire on what he has and take some time to really appreciate life and his family. But hell I don't know the guy, who am I to say what he should or shouldn't do. Regardless I'll be happy either way I love watching his fights.
What's next for McGregor..   An attitude readjustment, really began to love him again after all that crap with khabib with the good spirits in the fights after, really thought he'd been on Rogan's DMT stash but no, back to the embarrassment on the floor of the octagon. A Dustin fan now
This fight business without conor...hell no
Let's go Dustin, top champion💯🔥🔥🔥i hope that disrespectful  bastard don't return. UFC don't need people like you and you don't deserve a chance to fight Dustin again
Connor spring boarded UFC 2- dana is a hell of a business man 3-connor lost the fight before it started 4- she does not deserve a mention 4.5- all respect to how she dealt with the situation.. 5- poirer is  200  percent disgusted with the mention of a man's wife 6- he came up with  a " I am goñna murder you" bs 7- I literally am a NOBODY... It takes quite a brave heart to step inside the octagon 8- shout out to my friend Cameron Edwards .. he is a gem of a person and a exceptional Jiu Jitsu practisionist 9- tonight was just 🔥a red panty Night....
Connor is done in this sport of MMA. He was done after the 2nd fight and this loss just solidified his demise. If he does come back who is to say that Dustin will fight him again...Dustin will be the Champion after he wins it with Olivera, so how does anyone, especially Dana, think that there could be a 4th fight...that just would not made sense on any level. Connor has lost his last 2 fights...how does that equate to a 4th fight...someone is dreaming and it is Connor. Your done. Leave. Get out. Dustin is not going to entertain a fight with Connor after he is the Champion. So please, someone explain it to me cuz I do not see it happening. Great job Dustin, you did what you set out to do, WIN!
Dana you can have a fight finish like that. You have cocky star boy trying to throw calf kicks when he is new at it. Dustin checked the kick and broke Connors leg. Dustin is busting up your golden goose faster every time. Its over. Real fans of the sport who know real champions like St Pierre dont wana see mcgregor anymore. And im Irish. I have a red beard. Lol
Con should mos def walk away
His leg broke not his ankle
I hope he finds humility in himself before tragedy strikes. From a one-siding beating, to a KO, to a broken leg... it just keeps getting worse. Finding humility is easier to deal with than being put in a situation where you're driven to your knees.
he's crippled, how can he fight again. Just love Poirier a set of good men group in this fighting sports.
He sucks. He should retire
6:18 this is where conor fractured his shin.
If.i d be dustin i d go for the title and consider closed the.conor trilogy. He s a sneaky bastard , his career is finished, a win over him doesnt mean anything other than money
Dana's belly broke conors leg
Even his message from hospital is obnoxius. He’s done. Get out, retire
Foooooooock Conor. He’s trash talk lately is pathetic, shows his weaknesses as a human. A bully who got caught.
Burns won the worst fighter belt on sat. In my opinion burns looked like hot piece of shit .
Don't understand why he's still talking trash about Dustin s wife after the fight... Stupid behavior. This was already stupid before the fight but here it is pathetic. I'm a huge Conor fan and I wanted him to get the win. Wish him to recover fast.
Conor is an embarrassment
Mcgregor is a joke
Mayweather needs to stop missing around and rematch Canelo!!! fuck jake Paul and bro 👎🏼canelo deserve that rematch ... Real Money fight acting like  he’s the best he’s ever box’s 🗑🗑🗑🗑
mcgregor should fight members of bts, maybe he will win
“You need people like me”  F- , unoriginal.
Co main was a snooze fest
Masvidal vs duriñio
I have a new respect for DP for who he is in and out the octagon… big ups baby boy..
No o e won of thsts the case
Mcgreggs is finished.
I think McGregor's kicks made him have a weak and hurt leg, therefore he was not able to put that support on that leg and broke as seen! In other words that leg was already hurt before that moment!
Connor mcgregor should be more nice and he lost me as a fan so go Dustin poirier
Stop fighting
Yes he can come back ...but never fight again with my boy....if u do???  My boy will break the other one too!
He cheats and Dean referees?
Khabib - Send me lokation  Dustin - Send Donation Conor- Send me foooking stretcher
No we don't need to see it again he needs to fight lower guy get a win or two before he gets another shot
''YOU NEED PEOPLE LIKE ME''
Conor is a loser and a sore one at that.
Connor turning into a dirtbag, bring poriers wife in trash talk it straightaway cheap n disgusting. Dude lost al the respect and his ankle, he won't fight the same anymore.
"Conor fast, to Conor cast"  Not my quote but it killed me🤣
How can Connor break silence when he hasn't stopped talking?
Macgregor; first round knockout let’s go…
No they shouldn't fight again its Over
So low key...Dana has McG already slotted for a potential title shot when he comes back!
Time to retire for mcgreggor - no offense intended. But once ya start breaking bones, it's time to lay out and count all that money.
the Irish man needs to retire while he still has some legacy and some dignity, I like Conner but its time to go.
I'm not at all interested in seeing a 4th fight between Poirier vs McGregor. McGregor is better off fight Diaz first if he makes it back to the cage.
Macgregor should accept the situation count his blessings + move on, 3 judges had him on a 1st round loss  anyways-9,8,+ 8.
Apparently Irish whiskey turns your legs into brittle bird bones...who knew.
Congrats to Gilbert Burns..Wonderboy still one of best in world.
Yeah they should fight again but not next.Diamond has a tall task getting by Oliviera which should be a great scrap.
I see stiffness in Connor's leg:  Dustin Poirier.
Irish man needs vitamin d
I think Conor needs to fight a 55 lb RDA ..I wouldnt throw him in there vs Diaz.
That men still is being propped up.( Dana`s  girl friend).who got carried out on a stretcher .no rematch.
This was a good fight. Looked like everything was settled. No need for a rematch 4.
Conor continue fighting till last breath
HEY MAC YOU GOT JAKE PAUL CALLING
No more pay per view with Connor in. It is a joke.
Conor shouldn't retire...He should keep loosing like tony...😂😂😂
Conor vs Nate 3 ?
100-1  Dana White: there will still be another rematch  Me: WHO THE FOOK IS THAT GUY
Connor should be a street corner preacher
Burns landed like 5 hits behind the head in that fight. Boring ass fight.  He layed on him so much.
Burns you dam near got K.O with a head kick shut up waste of a numbers 1 contender  bro you don't got shit for Usman and he knows it but I still don't see how Colby is next in line everyone has defended there spots but Colby fkin bullshit  trolled his way to the top
Burns didn’t win that fight
Conor is a low life! Call to Boycott Conor!!!
Dustin coulda took a title fight but took conor for the money.  Says he didnt get bothered by trash talk but then crys at end like a bitch but wont turn down that check im sure.  Exactly hypocrite.  He got exposed by Colby
In the future there is a great possibility for a final 4th rematch
Talk about killing someone 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ well Karma was light on you this day… a broken ankle and a loss today.  Hopefully not worse for this no class poor excuse for a man next time👀😐
Same people trashing his trash talk are the ones paying to watch Jake paul fight so they act like trash talk is bad but buy fake fights like they are real
Connors broken leg will never be the same, If he returns to the octagon everyone will be targeting that weak leg 🦵🤷🏽‍♂️
I thought connor took the break like a champ tho not gonna lie
Mc Tapper career is OVER... and now all of the sudden he doesnt have any fans hahahahaha
Dustin is so down for another payday from Connor. I don’t blame him though.
Even if conor does the rematch he will never win!! He is not the conor we knew. His prime self is gone and will never be the same. However, dustin will never be the champ as well. He will never have a better achievement than Conor but, i guess for him this is his ultimate revenge and will retire a happy man. Conor will retire a deranged wild man angry of how his career ended. Still a millionaire tho
Conor : “you need people like me”  Tony Montana: dude, really?
Damn, want a video with your ads??
Conor defeat Dustin... N u can take retirement happily 🙂
the shame of ireland
Believed to be a broken leg? 😂 that shit was traaassssed.
Connor is D O N E.  Bury his azz⚰️
What did he mean with that quote? What was the context?
Dustin is solid, in and out the octagon
Dustin rung conor’s bell so hard, that Conor clinched him up and eventually jumped guilitine.          He hardly ever does either of these.      The fight was that close to ending like the last one.
O malley was running all night, smart fight. Had a chance to test your submissions since your hands were hurting so much
So tired of Dana holding conors nutz! He’s not a contender.he’s lost his shine, and the trash talk has gone too far. He a very rich asshole. Hope he retires and enjoys the riches he’s earned
So McGregor makes herl turn. Literally and figuratively.
Did you hear him whining in pain after the fight? Sounded like a leprechaun, oiiiiiiiiiiii!
Mcchicken should retire, it´s embarrasing
I see one guy not only broke his leg but broke his mentality....
how did burns put on a "magnificent grappling showcase"  he wasnt doing anything, he won cuz he got a few takedowns
Talking shit on som1 injury is asking for karma. Even if its just a youtube comment..
Conor needed some Proper milk.
such a stupid rematch... conor doesnt deserve it, he needs to retire
Connor had his time but, now he's done. That fight was going downhill for him anyway. Would of been another beating.
The Notorios -Elf is done ...just waiting to it to catch up to his brain ....he should be ranked #12 not #5  his last win over washed up cowboy..our president was Obama.....wake of irishman go drink your proper 12 and stay off usa soil
Justin  have 2 lost in a role so stop saying conor should retire
That’s like saying you can’t finish a fight with a knock out😂  Conor wasn’t able to finish so he lost plain and simple.
Is Connor still a top 5 fighter? His last win was against an old worn out Cowboy!
He’s done he want return from that injury .. not to fight at that level .. hes done
Should Mconner continue fighting ?   What a stupid question… 😂
Burns should have got a dq for smashing wonder boy in the back of the head like 5 times in a row
Who hasn't done poirer wife
We need more bad guys,
Justin belong to the elite no need to fight jokers no more . Samurai heart Mr. Justice
Conor gonna need Proper 12...months to heal. 😆
McGregor’s best weapon- the microphone
I got a massive amount of respect for Dustin handling this like a true man... he's just a good dude.
Mcgregor is delusional!  Also how many fights has he won in the past two or three years??
It'll be fine, with some Proper#12..
Dana dont care, he lets McGregor get away with anything. But everyone else gets fined or removed.
Why do you never use current pictures of people in your videos?
Conor Mc Stretcher always cross the line when thrash talk
Conor same leg broke that he kicked dustin in press conference with karma?
If the bell sounds and you can't answer the next bell... knock out! You lost! No other fight. It's over. Loser!
they shoukd do rematch for part4 sothat mcgregor will be silence for.ever and maybe porier might put him into his lastfight
conor is already washed up. its sad to see him act so desperate.
Scrambled to his feet? Dustin let him up
Another rematch? 🤦‍♂️ they should just call him Rematch McGregor ffs
Connor should retire
Conned McGregor was beating poirriers ass get the fuckin rematch
His careers over
Breaks silence?? Lmao .. he was never fucking “silent” he was talking mad shit the whole after fight interviews. Who writes these bullshit headlines??
McGregor is an unhappy little man.... all the money in the world can't buy class or happiness unfortunately.... get over youself already, you'll feel much better. Disassociate yourself from Dana White as well, that man is toxic.
Connor is scarface now?? Clown
Anyone think it was weird Conor referring to himself as a Death Star a couple times in the pre-fight interviews? My man must not have seen those movies because the thing blew up twice.
Just another miserable person that needs to GO AWAY!!
Dustin is not going to rematch him. Guaranteed.
Dustin clearly was on the move to beat mcgregor, the reason he was on the ground period,  is because Dustin hit him and put his mouthing romp on the mat in the beginning period, once again this disrespectful irrogant mouth piece, put someone's love one in it again, that's why khabib beat the breaks off of him. Connor looked like a scared deer, sitting on the ground after his lost to khabib, he didn't expect things to blow up in face afterwards, he talking about this just business in the ring, and was still spooked, because he was  scared😨 still and stunned, khabib told connor, that in the ring he was gonna make it last and punish him, after the bell rung, that's why he was still choking him, he screwed up connor' s head then and afterwards, but back to Dustin, he faught a very impressive match, and still didn't  wish  anything bad on Connor, much respect to Dustin and khabib along with nate Diaz, these three have whipped and put fear in Connor, especially khabib though, he Connor looking wide eyed in fear!
Mcgregor also needs a mental eval
People have NO IDEA how close Conor was to submitting Poirier. If he locks up Dustin's legs and prevents him from using them to leverage himself against the guillotine it was goodnight Dustin. The choke was clean until Dustin pulled that move to get out of it. Good defense on his part though
Voiceover by casgains academy.
Sucks for the people who bet on Conor
They say karma is a bitch.. nope karma is very real and very fair.
Lol is that right? Need Connor like one needs a heartattack. I'm taking a hard pass on that
the rainbow kid has fought ONE good fighter and he was finished .....he acts like hes a legend but has done NOTHING to earn it....hes delusional!
I agree Wonderboy looked like he was only counter fighting. I think that's his style. I think they were both doing that but the taller fighter would usually be able to start first more often, more easily. Wonderboy could step up his long distance offence against shorter grapplers to be more competitive. At the same time I was impressed at how he handled being grappled given that's not his background and his opponent was a bundle of muscle!
Not if dustin wins title conor dont deserve a title shot and as for conor I didn't like the way he carried himself talking all foolish looked pitiful I thought making himself out to be a real piece of  you know
Well, look who ended up leaving on a stretcher..
I like wonderboy but he’s done. Too one dimensional and I think he needs a head coach other than his dad. In my opinion, I haven’t seen any evolution in his overall game.
RETIRE! Conner is a low class trash talking D bag! He takes the honor OUT of the sport. Move on Conner.
Now days someone loses and everyone is talking about if they should retire or not...
Knock knock... Who's there? Conor broke his ankle
Honestly I am not surprised Floyd beat against McGregor. I think Poirer is the better boxer of the two.
Connor is doneeee
There looks to be blood coming out of Conor's ear? Skin damage only? Ear drum damage?
Dustin class act !  Pray for his safety no matter what he say BOOM AMEN 🙏
Hilot lang na Connor, butangi pod gamay laway pati dahon sa mayana..
Career over. Legacy tarnished. Sad little Irishman got caught up in the hype.
Dustin should be angry about the wife comment for her sake , that's a prick of a move from Conor to her
it seems connar is to brittle for the sport.......If there was 5 more seconds it would of been a finish.....Im sure connar mcEXCUSES will have all kinds of excuses why he lost again and again and again
Conor should go again until he gets knocked out, then consider retirement and if you look at the score card Conor was ahead.  I like both fighters though!
It would be a shame if Conor retires. At the very least I would expect 1-fight with a contender to show that the rankings mean something..Then the fight. He has to gain respect.
Gilbert Burns got love from the ref in the third round, sat on top resting   and did nothing for 45 seconds, should have been stood up and Wonder Boy would have taken him out
"You need people like me"  Actually not you weasel,the leprechaun is done,Dustin fed him his lucky charms and se t him to the retirement home..good luck conor,Conor, only got partially of what you deserved!
His soft leg was broken in that teep he threw in the last exchange. Dustin wrecks him in a 4th fight too so why even waste our time.
I dont think conor should retire, fk it he's a prize fighter. He might not get the belt again but there's some fun match ups like him and masvidal or gaethje. Love him or hate him, conor style of fighting is exciting to watch, whether he's nice and flowy or a stiff boxer. his hands are still clean to watch.
"You need people like me.".. Umm Im sure mma could do without whiny lil bitches!😂
Breaks his silent??? Come on!!! We all know Conner can’t keep his mouth shut for long…
Conors a bum
Dana saying there should be a 4th fight he kidding right? It's 2-1 anyway you look at it.  Conner should be given nate as his last match
We need people like conor to laugh at wahahahaha
Conner is done he can continue being a crub not interested anymore!! Congrats to Dustin
Conors a F wit
He should continue fighting but fight like tony Ferguson and then fight Justin or maybe you ever is holding the belt
Dana the 🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼🍼
Dat left leg kick at conference is karma... wow mind blown
I want Olivera to beat Dustin but it’s going to be a war
I'd love to see the rematch.... Connor needs to get properly fooked up. 😂
Yes another fight. Do it again run it back
Proud of Gilberto for getting the W...let's run it back
Breaks silence? 🤦🏼‍♂️😂 dude ain’t shut the fuck up since it happened! I like Coner but he wrong on this one!
Is it just me or was that a very small bet placed by Floyd......
“Wtfock am I gonna do wit a caravan dat has no wheels”
DW- "You can't have a fight finish like that."  Anderson Silva & Chris Weidman- 🤨
No, its over, he is going to lose again and again till when ? He was best when he was double champ. He should do his thing but its not mma anymore, get over it 🤷‍♂️.
I'd be so happy for yearly DP vs Mcgregor fights
Conor i lost all i had but you are still my man 4th is yours .keep on keeping on.
Honestly think mcgregor was just lucky there first fight. He landed that cheeky shot behind the ear. Good for him. But all that talk about "Its gonna be a butchering" " im throwing killshots" "he's leaving on a stretcher" " he's dead in that Octagon Saturday night" like all that shit just to go out there an get his ass whooped again. Lol. I think poirier wins everytime they fight from now on. Poirier is just too durable. He can take those shots better and he's just the better more well rounded fighter.
I don't think Conor retires but he's going to have to climb the ladder now...enough of giving him top fights
They need to fight two more time everyone trash talks they both got talent and one of the best their need two be two more fights
Connor doesn’t deserve another shot Poirier fucked him up the first time was dominating him the second time what’s the point of giving his bum ass another beating.
He should of retired after the Khabib fight.
Their both one of the best
Two of my favorite fight needs to be two more fights between them
Man he didnt step back and break his leg it was already broke in the first round the Adrenaline was the only thing that kept him fight long as did
One more fight
If Dustin is champ when Conor is healed he should not get rematch. He hasn't earned that.
After Nate Diaz second fight, something is wrong in conar leg. Since than he always hurt his leg after the fight, his fighting style is change. I know it for a long time.
“Poirier will do his thing till Conor is available”   Really?? That’s how you talk about a reigning UFC#1 who beat the Conor 2 times in a row? They don’t call him Dana “Conor-ball-sucking” White for no reason.
Conner using quotes from Scarface .. original.
Conor McGregor has evolved into a fighter who gets his ars kicked
Conor always butt hurt...dude should be sponsored by K.Y. Jelly!
Breaks silence? He never shuts up lol
Man everyone keeps praising sugar salty o weakly  Give him a ranked opponent  Beating all these unknown bums of course he is fina look good . What happen with Tito ? Lol ufc is trying so bad to make him a star
The double champ does whatever the fook he wants! (Breaks his ankle).
Do i want Dustin to fight n beat conor again hell yeah have the man make another MIL💯😂
Mcgregor vs Tony Ferguson, is the only fight that makes sense for both fighters, exciting lead up, 2 guys that'll bang. And a win for either of them.will do there confidence wanders
Conor McGregor looks really sad and pathetic at this point, and it pains me to say it because I was always a fan.
Now his foot really did look like a balloon
Dana is such a hypocrite he is the one who allows this trash talk. Conor has brought so much shame and hate for himself and for irish people that even most of Irish people hate him now. He trash talk about kabib his father his religion calling them terrorists and making it look personal and in octagon bagging for mercy. Conor is like a joker 🃏🃏🃏🃏
imagine thinking dustin “dominated” the round lmaoo
Conor would've lost either way. The fight could've been stopped before the bell and it wouldn't of been a bad stoppage. But you know how Dana and McGregor fans are.  McGregor Fans: "McGregor is just trying to gas Dustin out by blocking his fists with his own face!" Dana: "Isn't he F*cking awesome?"
Honestly only when Connor lose does porier get held back from gold once again he has to fight 3 more times before he actually get a crack at belt 😂
God works in mysterious ways..
Definitely need a rematch
Conor is all talk, and cannot walk 🤣🤣🤣
I'm still trying the figure out the "Conor break silence" heading...when did he stop talking..???.
Conor lost twice In one night.
Prediction-if dustin loses the belt in the meantime they scrap the rematch and Connor fights for the belt once again
Looks like Dustin is learning how to do business… he understands its just a business
Dana white is to MMA what Vince McMahon is to WWE
Ha FUCKING HA!😂😂😂😂
This is a soap opera for MMA lol.
He should have retired when he got the two belts... Leave on top
Conor's ankle threw in the towel to save him.
Connor will end up in Prison !!!
"Breaks silence" lmao never shut the fuck up
People. If you can't figure this out, Conners relevance is only relegated to being Dana Whites money and publicity puppet. Conner has lost it. It's gone bye, bye. Dustin is a VERY violent man in the octogon.
Your bones are soft and you really haven't beat anyone that means anything and let's be honest do you really think he can beat Dustin?...really?...no chance go back to ur plush palace and pour urself a shot of your cheap whiskey and leave the fighting to the real warriors
The Irishman got retired right there and then. He doesn't have a say. Don't remember anyone coming back from breaking a leg. Even Anderson Silva was never the same after breaking his leg. He was done anyway.
Vin Diesel sitting in the stand and snipes Connors ankle. "No one talks about family like that".
McNuggets, McFracture, Mcgregor…whatever you wanna call him, is an absolute trash bin of a human being
Who bets 50 gs for the possibility of only winning 35,715 back ...thats a bunk azz bet ...but hey ..he won tho lol
Conor is done
Dana the same person to be like "yeah i dont like that, leave peoples wives out of it"  Bro what about Khabib's legacy, family, religion and Father??? Wtf shut the fuck up youre just as bad as Conor
What does "you need people like me" mean?  He needs to change his coaching and team because they are clearly incapable of preparing him for Dustin Poirier.  He needs to be a top level fighter to defeat poirier.
He should keep fighting depending on his ankle
McNugget has “retired” how many times now? Mans a bum. Can no longer hang with the top dogs.
Don’t ever doubt Jolie’s wife lmao.
Doctor stoppage isn’t a knockout
Dana .... 😅🤣😂
Disco Stu’s performance was magnificent
He's done,letting Ireland down with his mouth
Unacceptable trash talk by Conor.  You don't talk about family.  One day his kids will grow up and see that he was the bad guy and the bully and his own teaching will contradict with his life.  Then it will become real to him.  I hope he repents.  I liked nice conor any day over this version of himself.  He looked pathetic.
Go away quickly and quietly Connor
And DP should fight him again, but only to allow Connor back into the UFC
Hey, at least he’s good at starting a new business, McFlakers Crossoients next?
Conor has fragile bones and ego, but loud mouth. He needs to cash out now before he gets another beat down.
welcome to the team Weidman 😝
“Let’s beat a dead Mchorse cause money” Dana
Connor should make his peace and recognize the fact that bringing DP’s  , or any other fighters family,  into a fight situation is pure trash! Not to mention “killing” a man. All of us UFC fans understand the “ I’m gonna kill him in the octagon “ talk and we get it! But Connor took it all to another level over and over, to the point of fans and fighters wondering if something is wrong with this guy. And I was a Connor fan 100% until the comments about DP’s wife. That shit is just wrong. Hope Dana addresses this cause other fighters have!
Retire!! He won’t be able to beat him... if they fight again it will be for money and money alone.. he knows he can’t hang with him.. let alone all the other killers in this division..
Conor wants more asswhooping after that 1st match? H Dustin was landing combos in Conor's own combos McAnkle is done he should retire
Your Skating on thin Ice MMA WORLD...  Connor should retire??? Did you hear how loud that crowd was last night??  You didn't even say that Chris Weidman should retire when it happened to him n he's 7 years older..  Bias much...
Hell yeah they should rematch dustins not satisfied the way it ended nor is Connor.
The only reason conor got to his feet was because he was grabbing the gloves and Dustin was complaining to Herb. He didn't scramble. Typical dirt bag move by Conor but he got what he deserved.
Connor = Badr Hari = over.
Bye Bye Forbes.
I dont know about yall but I'm good with Conner retiring and for him to stop tweeting.  Maybe they will amputate his foot..... lol jk
Second highest paid athlete to break his leg.
🦶🤛
Jolies wife has two wins against McGregor. Nice one Conor. I bet my left ball, that nowdays even the old man, that you attacked in the pub would kick yar azz. Muhahaha ;)
That's not good sportsmanship he can't Take a lost he needs too get out the sport be a Real man
Can't wait for the 5th Conor & Dustin fight.... Cause that's what MMA needs. It's lame. Conor vs Gaethge is the fight we need to see or Conor at FW again to see the old big fish in a small pond
Fuck your video there was no breaking of silence by connor,
He is done
Danna doesnt give a shit about the trash talk and the murder threats, this all bring more noise, more Twitts, more YouTube videos, more publicity = more money in his pockets. This is what I really don’t like une the UFC. Money Uber alles.
Dana the one letting his boy talk about Dustin wife. THere is no place in any sport to talk about someone wife. Dana is responsible for Conor behavior. Lets see, the bus incident,  ripping someone watch off, hitting an old man in a bar, all the crap about Khabib, all the personal stuff with Aldo, Dustin wife, etc etc etc. Some other UFC guys get punished for a lot less but Conor gets away with it. Dana he does not deserve another fight, his ass was kicked. No respect for Dana.
I know that "trash talking" is McGregor's shtick, I just wished that he would show some humility, sometimes...And limit himself from trashing opponents family...However he may be as of that moment, will tell if he's a douchbag or a legend...And he became a douchbag.
Poirier checking conor's calf kick with his knee at 4;41 in. To the 1st round and, conor throwing kicks blind without setting them up, and lastly the kick he landed on Poirier's elbow seconds before he got his leg broken all contributed in fragilise his bones and breaking it in the end.
He got his Fooking Ass whooped! 🤣
"You need people like me "  Conor. "Oh,so you're a gangster now"Me.
We need Connor McGregor vs Tony Ferguson. Set it up Dana it's a good matchup
Connor Rousey lost, that's it!  No, injuries don't change his loss.
He was oddly upset about Conor saying he wanted to kill him and not at all about him trash talking his wife. I'm thinking he just didn't want to admit it.
Dustin vs Nate sounds about rite!!!
conors right tho lmao, we need people LIKE mcgregor, not mcgregor himself. hang up the gloves buddy.
Let’s make it clear. Conor knew something was wrong with his ankle was messed up, that’s why he jumped that guillotine. And yes one more fight so Conor can really accept defeat with no excuses, that fight did not satisfy either men.
So you were certain when you broke it, saw it snap and disfigured stopping and you kept hitting when you knew the fight was over 🤔 just win in grace. You're meant to me the " good guy" . You can't talk down to a man with a broken leg and be shocked he talked about your wife man,  he couldn't get back up so obviously he's going to talk trash when you did as well first.  I see you dustin🧐
Dustin is damn lucky. He woulda went out from a left sooner or later.
Rematchh
Let them fight Dustin feels good to beat his ass again
I used to enjoy the Conor show. The Floyd fight ruined him as a mixed martial artist and mentally as his head became a balloon. Guy needs to give it a rest.
As an irish person ... I'd like to say ... McGregor is embarrassing  ..... he's  what we call in in Ireland a skanger  ....
Conner will be ready in 6 weeks.
Luck of the Irish 🍀
Dustin didn't dominate shit!! He won the round by laying in Conor's guard and throwing a couple elbows. Conor won on the feet. No question about it.
Ufc needs Connor for the entertainment
It's downhill from here for McGregor. The die is cast. If there is  any rematch of this two, Poitier will completely and deliberately destroy that ankle for good that McGregor can never fight again.
Dustin beat his ass
If Pourier ends up with the lw title. He shouldn't get Connor as his first title defense. But knowing Dana, he'll make it happen.
He's done
This wasn’t a fucking loss, he broke his ankle and he didn’t lose by tko….in my opinion Dustin is a bitch for taking a so on so “win”…..let him heal and let’s let them go at it again.
Connors done his foot is fooked. He need to concentrate on life after fighting
Burns vs Mavidal. Winner for the belt next
Dana: You can't have have a fight finish that way? So explain Chris Weidman vs Anderson Silva and Chris Weidman vs Uriah Hall........ok
Sick of Conner he has no respect for MMA or martial arts he is a bad influence on kids
No, we need fighters with strong bones 😂
Dustin beats him Every time
Retire conor
Why would he retire?
Connor was lucky his leg broke. Dude was mauled on the ground after that pathetic attempt of a guillotine because he was panicking and bleeding out his ear.  Dude got fucked up and his leg said “ fuck this I’m out”
I think Connor broke his ankle when he tried to kick him during the presser.
4th fight? No dana, B03 settled it. W is a W, L is an L.
*That look when the old man in the Irish pub chin holds up to more stress than Conors leg seems to.*
Dana 2026: rematch makes sense Also in 2026: porier up 10 wins to 1
Conor’s always been one of my favorite trash talking fighters, but I have so much more respect for Poirier
O'Malley is very, very unlikable. He talks like the GOAT, who the hell has he fought... And oh yeah, fighting at 135.... Please just shut up Sean.
No retiring!!!!  He will be back!
Khabib: you can not talk about religion. Dustin: you don’t say stuff like murdering someone. Conor really needs to stop.
Dustins wife is the real OG haha I cracked up when I seen she was flipping him off as he got taken out on that stretcher 😂 gangsta bitch
No I can't say for sure that Connor would have won if he didn't snap his ankle. But if he didn't snap his ankle he definitely wouldn't have lost when he did. Bullshit. Poor man must be broken
He should continue but he absolutely has to work his ass up again...i wouldnt give him any top ten opponent...he doesnt deserve it...
There was A time i had respect For you conor  That time is over now
Mcgregor needs several wins before he is even thought of for rematch.
Conor will get a rematch? Immediately? I don’t think it’s fair especially if it’s on the belt (which I guess Dustin will have it), what about fighting Micheal? Or maybe tony? And only then he fights Dustin if he wins.
I like Dustin he is a humble dude and he handles his business.
D. Dede dddedddd d. Coedddxdded edd. Rudd
My foot was a BALLOON 🎈
HOW about My EGO__ Pretty Bare Bones???? The Greatest Democrat that did NOT become a DEMONRAT--I AM. For the Greatest Democrat had the Murderers of JFK/RFK/MLK DONE IN and as CHRIST said...BEWARE of those that can Not only KILL you but Cast you into HELL---CHRIST Never Lied.. If the murderers of MY PEOPLE were Cast into HELL after my Great Uncle did them in---OH. How happy I would BE...Good Riddance to Bad Rubbish
McGregor came back to UFC with tourette's
It wasn't similar to Silva lol, did he say that? Silva's leg broke from a nice kick and nasty check. Connor slipped.
Just imagine if it was coners jaw that got broke
Dana should probably retire if he actually thinks this fight needs to happen again .
Continue the fight!
They have to run it again that would the shittiest way to end a rivalry
Connor most definitely did not scramble to his feet. Lol. He was cheating and when Dustin complained about it to the ref connor saw Dustin was t paying close  attention to him and he got up
Give em a few up and coming guys before the rematch..
Might be a blessing in disguise. Dustin will definitely beat Charles and by then Conor will be healed up and get a free title shot
Connor needs some tune up fights.. take on Ferguson or Dos Anjos
Mayweather is an EGOIST dumb man. Posting his great pick of the Winner..Mayweather LOST with this EGOIC Post of WHO CARES... HOW many bets have you LOST Mayweather??? A Gambler NEVER tells of his LOSSES because his EGO won't let Him.. SO sad the stupidity of Man(the most Outrageous must be seen and heard because their EGO demands it) Congratulation Mayweather---YOU JUST KNOCKED YOURSELF OUT by exposing your EGO and your TRUTH
FUCK CONNOR HE'S DONE . HOPE HE DOESN'T COME BACK GIVE SOMEONE ELSE A CHANCE TO FIGHT UP FOR  A  TITLE.
Conor is a sore loser that is why he brings families in the trash talk.
Wife Talk: the only thing Conor is Notorious for is cheating on his.
Truth is:  Conor got tagged with 7 punches in about the 1:30 mark then clinched up.  Conor of course got taken down and beat up after trying to pull a Hail Mary guillotine against a superior grappler.  Then got beat up the rest of the round.  We saw the ending.  Fact of the matter is Conor lost on 2 of 3 judges scorecards 10-8.  He was breathing heavy and nothing would have changed in the 2nd.  He should be happy he broke his ankle otherwise Poirier might have taken years off his life,
Dustin is naive about his wife or trying to convince himself lol
I don't know man. For a fighter or even hard worker any leg injury...that might be a ko
Khabib called it long ago , Chicken leg ,McChiken .  Connors luck ran out. It's over.
Feminem shims . If he was a samurai it would have broke but somehow not break an stood strong
I am Irish so of course I like CM but he was acting like a dick, and opponent was classy. Connor when u try to take someone else’s dignity away u only lose your own. Maybe his reaction yo injury (fear) made him lash out like a child.
This is why people should go to college. He talks like a plumber after loss.
Damn Dustin drain that cauliflower ear, he must be near deaf from having it so swollen and blocking his hearing.
"Connor breaks the silence"... What silence???
Long as you scum bags sit in the comments, sit on blogs, loving to hate Conor, he’ll be relevant and top of the litter.
Connor should’ve fight anymore
Wow I see alot of hate connor will always be legend but I'd like him to retire now hell always be the guy that did more for  the sport than any other fighter I hope he dont keep going like anderson did nothing to prove guy broke is ankle and didnt quit love him or hate him if hes done hell be missed took the game to a new level.
It was not "nearly getting av finish" for Poirier. Connor hit Poirier  as much from the ground as poirier hit him.
The MAFIA Sure knows how to cheat Gamblers don't they---Can't even get a Straight Up Bet---There are NO Homo Sapiens(man the Wise) on planet EARTH.. We have Only Homo Ludens( man the GAME PLAYER)---Again, I AM NINJA and I KNOW TRUTHS for I KNOW MY SOUL for I meditate Properly/Breathe Many Different ways and KNOW thath the OXYGEN LEVEL on Planet EARTH Is DEADLY to this Species. It has Plummetted a bunch since the INDUSRIAL Revolution and it will NOT increase but Decrease---That is why we are dying at a younger age NOW(It has been Proven--but everybody IS LYING about the REALITY---ALL LIARS DIE---to LIE is to DIE---Congratulations for dying and Not being able to get into HEAVEN.
Retire!!!
Connor said only knockouts count then tries to guillotine Poirier haha.
Dana white is definitely on something to keep him awake ⏰ lol he looks a like a zombie.
Man, if it were the other way around, they wouldn't continue talking about rematches. Dustin deserves more respect. Class>trash
Conor, is washed up, he needs to retire, he's a idiot anyway !!!
Retire
It was not at TKO winn. The fight was stoppet by the doctors. Do your homwork before starting posting.
MMA MEXICAN MARTIAL ARTS should be the next ringside commenter.
Not conclusive
WHAT a stupid bet by Mayweather he didn't even Double his money only 72% return--What FOOLS we have on Planet EARTH.
O'malley lookin like Squidward from spongebob 🤣
dustin is to nice to his enemies thinking they will change. HA they never change
Whole video full of fake news
It was McGregor's kick at the press conference face off that broke his leg.
I Always have the Best POSTS for I have More intelligence than Most---I AM NINJA and my Great Uncle took out Allen Dulles/LBJ/RMN for their part in the ASSASSINATION  of JFK and his Brother---and YOU are FOOLS Not believing that TRUTH will Always come to you just before your DEATH---and this Species of man on this Planet are DOOMED for their Complete Denial of this WORLD'S COLLASPE---ITS already Half way over. SOON the Earth will Crack and there will be a NUCLEAR WINTER (several years) Where Most of Man will DIE from STARVATION... I AM NINJA---I KNOW
He should have retired by now coz he is done, no more  Connor hahaha congrats Champ Dustin the Real Diamond Porier. Connor only words n insults nothing to show hahaha. Dustin the Champ 💙❤
Mcgreggor can still get wins against people in the top 15. Just not against Poirier. Connor needs his opponents intimidated or angry forgetting technique to win. You’re not gonna get that reaction out of somebody whose beaten you twice. They could fight another 20 times poirier will win every time. Listening to him at the pre-fight presser was fucking embarrassing. You can tell he barely believes his own hype anymore. Sad shell of his former self.
Ufc is turning into triller fight club with shawn o mally hits the guy 300 times last 25 seconds they call it when the guys punching back at shawn????they want o mally to be a star and made sure it did not go to judges.
He's got me L's than Lollapalooza
DUSTIN's Fist strikes were NO MATCH for the ELBOW Strikes of Conor's. Some strikes were good some very weak(Glancing). BUT the SIX STRIKES to Dustin's Head were VICIOUS and Twice to three times More LETHAL anything Dustin did to Conor...CONOR WON That ROUND and I CAN PROVE IT---JUST Because you have Blind JUDGES who are Totally stupid about Fist and ELBOW Strikes and would Give Dustin the ROUND--I GAVE it to CONOR---YOu will KNOW SOON I WAS RIGHT when you find out That DUSTIN is in the HOSPITAL to DRAIN BLOOD out of HIS BRAIN from  those SIX DEADLY STRIKES.  DUSTIN MAY VERY WELL BE DEAD IN LESS THAN A MONTH FROM THOSE STRIKES as his Blood vessels Leak into HIS BRAIN---anybody who SEES this POST and doesn't understand it and believe it---They are TRULY IDIOTS and FOOLS..
McStretcher needs to retire and make more whisky.
That fight was over in the first round. Conor is done.
His unique fighting style, his reaction time, precision, timing, agility, movement, the qualities that made him special in the first place were never seen again. Dustin beat him and won that first round, injury aside, the round he was supposed to be better at. Its a shame really.
Looks like Dustin is the good guy here
Even though I agree no fight, let alone a trilogy should end like that but part of the reason he broke his leg was because Poirier was piecing him up, very similar to in the last fight. I don't think Conor would have made it out of the second round..he was gassed and beat up
Fuck the haters. Get well Connor. I’ll always watch you fight.
He can come back, and I hope he does. I hope he gets everything in order. Quit with the crying over the trash talk: this is fighting. No room for SJW shit. He means kill him in the ring. Connor is actually very humble when he straight up loses. I’ve seen him take losses very well. Connor McGregor will always be a hell of a fighter. Connor is no slouch. He’s just been out too long. He has the most beautiful left hand ever in the history in the UFC. You’re no better than him coming on here, and laughing about a devastating injury. Just like Bullet said these leg kicks is using very bad technique. She does not throw them. If they keep throwing these same kicks. It’s going to happen over, and over. They need to adjust their kicks, or you’re going to see more tibia fractures. Connor needs to go back to his front stabbing kick. He’s not striking like he usually does. That’s what sets up his left hand. He has to get back to his striking style. Like it or not Connor is still one of the best fighters we’ve ever seen. All around. He’s a hell of a promotion. He knows how to make people hate, and love him. That’s what selling fights is about.
Ireland 🇮🇪 represented by a guy that can’t even stand on two feet 🤦‍♂️ bring in the next representative… Khabib = 🐻 ~ Holloway = 🐬 ~ McGregor = 🐱
Whole card was bs. Hardy soft nose. Wonderboy shadow boxing. They should pay me for watching it.
When was Conor silent lol
STOP THE VIDEO AT 5:30
From a winner to a loser is conner your over !
Khabib the best
Connor don't deserve a rematch
YOU BETTER READ MY COMMENT AND KNOW I AM MOST LIKELY CORRECT.. Those VICIOUS ELBOWS are DEADLY---ALL ELBOWS are Potentially DEADLY  They do much more DAMAGE than Any FIST..ELBOWS are TWICE to Three Times more Powerful and the Left side of your Head IS DAMAGED maybe beyond REPAIR---anybody who reads this and KNOWS hoiw to get in TOUCH with the RIGHT People----DO SO or else soon you may Realize YOU KILLED DUSTIN----LOOK at That name  Dust In---Just Dust In---ASH to ASH---Dust to Dust. AGAIN I AM NINJA and SEE Far Better than MOST---I Never LIE and almost AWAYS RIGHT---YOU NEED A BRAIN SCAN NOW
You're going out on a stretcher. Oh mystic Mac, prediction must have been a little cloudy when he saw that one
Connor should focus on fighting n not talking crap! Good he lost 👌
I hope Dustin doesn't give Conor another fight. He already ended him. Conor doesn't deserve it for the fact that he's a sore loser. Worse sore loser than Ronda Rousey.
So happy Gilbert won man so happy. I believed in him when everyone didn’t Everyone was Underestimating Gilbert and not giving him a single chance to beat wonderboy He Did it 🇧🇷!!!!! 🥳
Well I can’t say you do get a show regardless who fights Conner it’s always going to be something to watch I say let them fight again when he is healed that is a lot of losses for Conner now tho  But his recovery will take a bit now looks like his shin is what broke but still could be the ankle damn it’s definitely not how u wanna see a fight end that’s for sure
Let Dustin beat him up one more time.  Why not.  I enjoy seeing Conor get his ass kicked.
Fuk no he won't retire, Very delusional about this fight nope not the anckle 😠
Rusty Dusty this is not a Win he is not a man enough to say that he just wants that paycheck and to say he beat Conor but in reality he knows that he didn’t it was unfortunate event this should of Stop the Stoppage
goodbye Conner once you was somebody now your just a loud mouth punk hanging in there for the next dollar
Dustin would've beat on him even if he didn't break his ankle, I almost think it's better that he broke his ankle. He keeps whatever dignity he has left that way
Retirement ? Conor is done from couple years. Look how he is mentally broken, insecure, unhappy. That guy is toxic, he have more venom and hate inside himself than my ex hahahahaha
I love Dana but I can't believe he still backs this clown McGregor the way he does
Breaks silence? It happened just yesterday lol
Connor is done he hasnt beat a world class athete since eddie. The guy changed the sport for better and worse now outside of tony any 155 fight is all bad matchups for him. The wrestling is always his weak points and Dustin nearly finished him.
McGregor: “You’re fookin dead Saturday night!” Conors ankle: “Conor was never my friend.”
Rhonda McGregor! Lol. Couple of lucky fights early on and he thinks he’s God. He’s a scrub 😂
This clown should've retired after Mayweather. He's just a dusty has-barely-been who talks all this garbage to people who outclass him as a fighter and as a person.
Connor is done.
"Dustin will continue to do his thing until Conor is ready"    Lmfao - Dana is a fuckin clown for this one
All that shit talking is part of fighting, get over it,
Boi sounded like "DeLonte West on the freeway" (search it)lmao Connor is done mentally. Someone bring in Donald Cerrone so he can win again
Guarantee Conor made some incest jokes that didn’t make it on the Embedded
The irony is McGregor fractured his leg on Dana whites stomach during weigh ins...
Conors finished at the top level simple as dat and I'm Irish
I’ve always been a fan of Connors. But how many times does a person get a break because they’re disrespectful. If it was anybody else there career would’ve been over already. You don’t look like a good role model when you say things like that when you’re at the losing end or the winning end it’s just not good publicity. Him and Dustin can fight it again because Dustin wants that. But other than that I think he should retire. He’s accomplished everything that he’s wanted when he first started you don’t need to continue. Move on to something else enjoy your life you’ve earned it.
Third times the charm ay
I really liked Connor when he first burst onto the UFC scene, but I’ve slowly lost respect for him and his antics. He’s a fragment of his former self. Just my opinion.
I can’t believe there was anyone who thought Conner could beat Dustin.
Honestly I have never been a Conor fan and didn't give a shit about him.  I never needed him and think he is an issue with the sport. People are worshipping a loser and a scumbag. Sorry but the only thing Mystic about McGregor is his fans belief in him.
"Connor breaks silence" literally happened a few hours ago. It was late... He just hadn't had time 😐😅.
Conner needs to buy a dairy farm
I can’t believe they are considering the rematch lol  Dustin you have nothing to prove! Move on.
Conor is just a piece of shit. Lost all respect for him after those comments about his wife
The sport needs people like McMouth -- to go the f**k away.
How many chances are we gonna give this guy?
Conor's sounds like a crazy ex girlfriend, saying a bunch of nasty shit and low blows. Then ending it with the classic "you need me!"
Conor changed after Floyd fight. I dont think he’s as cool a guy as he used to be. I get cringe of how he acts nowdays
Dustin shouldn't address his wife stuff let it row down your back Dustin.
Much respect to Dustin.. a true man that dont trash talk.. he lets his words be known with his fists
McChicken deserves it for talking nasty about Dustin's wife
I'd like to see calmer McGregor. He lost to Dustin but had the skill...this time he fought too angry. If he really likes fighting he should recover and then come back next year and have a " season". RDA, Gaethje, Chandler. Get people talking about you again and being afraid of you of you sink all 3.I'm not interested in a fight with Poirier again for a while.
Hahaha mctapper, mcnapper and mcsnapper I hope your washed up little brittle man that's what your get you've lose 5 out of 5 washed up turd..... all talk pour little guy couldn't even get up either round LMFAO.
They call me Misstep Mac. Now I’m looking forward to JP and the Conman!
Conor “BREAKS SILENCE” as title to this segment is bs. It’s only a “you need people like me” post on Twitter. Not exactly “BREAKING SILENCE” in Capitol letters.
"You need people like me" sounds kind of desperate
Conor’s new whiskey  Proper 12 w/milk‼️ Builds better bones and brain function. 🥃🥛🥃🥛🥃🥛
Not anymore we don't.
NO rematch!!!
Retire and enjoy your family. Forget the legacy concept. In the end what does that really matter? You are financially set. You have a great family. Seek above.  Matt. 16:26 For what profit is it to a man if he gains the whole world, and loses his own soul? Or what will a man give in exchange for his soul?
McGregor is done. You can't come back after that and ever through a leg kick again with confidence. Time to retire.
"Mr. Glass" McGregor.
If McMouth faces Poirier a fourth time, after at least a year-long layoff and 6 months of basically total inactivity, and meanwhile Dustin is still doing his thing... it will be far more one-sided than ever.  McYesterday'snews does NOT want that fight, as it would end his legacy with a whimper. He should call it a career now, and save as much face as he can. But he's proven himself to be foolish, so I doubt he'll do that. Which just means we'll get to see him be demolished yet again.
Conor v Ferguson makes a ton of sense right now
floyd might have put $50k on Poirier & McGregor for post fight positive winning outcomes , $50k for floyd is like me doing $5bux , what's the point ?  Guess u don't go broke collecting
Burns stalled on top. Not impressed. Burns by boredom
Ok scarface
Broke the same leg that he tried to use in the presser 🤯😂
Connor go home!
leon edward should next i don't wanna see burns get beat up nothing gonna chance from his last fight ?
Re-match?? How many times does he have to lose for God's sake..this ain't best of 7 like the NBA
RIP the legendary the corner McGregor
We can’t have Conor finished that way is what he means. Aldo deserved immediate rematch and so did hundreds of others but they didn’t get it. And their fights were more competitive
Hell yes
Connor bleeding out the ear. O I only lose cause of his ankle
Breaks silence?! He never shut up
Stops attacking kabib got new one
so if Dustin wins the belt.. Conor gets a title shot right?
I haven't missed a single UFC event since I started watching 2 years ago . But I will not pay for a McGregor porier rematch . Boycott that shit
Connor is over. He ain’t shit anymore but his mouth makes Dana money so Dana will continue to let Connor get his ass beat to bring in money.
I hope Dustin does like Khabib and tells both Dana and Conor to shove a rematch up their a**es!!! Go for the title.  Conor has become "who the fook is that guy?"
Hey Conner, blah, blah, blah
If you get a strike on YouTube do you quit podcasting?
Dumbass maywhether should have donated some money to Dustin's charity foundation instead of just bragging
The only thing Conner has left is trash talk.
Why do we need him again?
How does Max vs Kattar not get stopped and Herb doesn't let Kris go another 30 seconds? Love the guy but he just makes random weird decisions like that sometimes.
NO REMATCH...DUSTIN HAD HIM FINISHED.  GOOD THING 2ND ROUND DIDN'T COME.  CONOR WOULD JUST ABSORBED MORE HEAD TRAMA.
He is washed up,
Why does Poirier have to be attached to McGregor? He kicked that guys ass and the fight should have been called when Connor curled up in the fetal position and got pounded into the ground. The UFC is so biased towards McGregor. It's pure Karma that they let him up and he snaps his ankle.
He shouldn't retire but neither he deserves a champion fight or nothing he needs to fight to someone else's a lot of ppl there n he needs to proof himself he gonna have to fight the Gaetjis,the ,Ferguson and those ared even  them too can beat him he ko everyone he did by ko but he go 0 ground gan n after the 3rd rounds he completely extinguished and drain ready to Tap Out
Coner was getting mauled and nothing will change going forward
Conner will NEVER experience true wealth like Dustin experiences. No money or fans can give you THAT wealth.
No way he’s gonna be the same
Tyson fury would destroy this guy
Everyone that paid $90 for 5 minutes should get the next fight for free.
Sore leg &loser
Conor really shoulda drank milk. See what a lack of calcium can do to ya? Yeah…drink ya milk kings 👑
Conor- challenging Jesus Jesus- these is what you get..Amen
The Irishman  should . Get out of town,he went from my favorite fighter to nothing.  All that money and no class! smh  .. he haz no clout  with me talking bot mrs. Diamond
jolies wife
it was the lower tibia not the ankle Dustin did that
Wonderboy need to work on his ground game
CONOR !?!  What on earth, man!?! I do not 'do' UFC - it disturbs my sensibilities but, i absolutely love your Irish face, bravado, fierce & fire. You've arrived. BUT - you telling your opponent you're going to kill him? Saying your opponents beloved wife is a whore? NO WAY!! It was God Himself then that twisted your leg in order to stop death - your's or Dustins !! Enough man!! THIS AINT GLADIATORS and its shameful ! Dana - this contest is OVER ....Dustin is the reigning Champion. And, for Conor --- STOP, take this as heeding, take your valor, athletic self and do something else. Perhaps, work WITH Dustin. You're not enemies, but brothers. What MORE can you two together accomplish for the world?  Work with Craig Sawyer, Sam Childers - others. We need brave & brilliant men - not bitter haters!!  xo  I will pray for y'all. <3
Conner should sure as shit stop leg kicking
poirier, still all class, I mean at some point you've got to respect this guy.
Connor gotta win a few fights before getting the Porier rematch if he wins gold. If they go straight for the rematch connors entire career is on the line
Macsnap , needs to go on the biggest loser !!! He is one filthy man
Ok so Connor has three consecutive losses but Dana said he will fight Dustin for title in a rematch basically.  Make Conor earn it like everyone else. All that favoritism for certain fighters is ridiculous.
Dusin won. Mcgregors done. End off. Snap🤣🤣🤣🤣
What's funny is Connor trained his ass off on those leg kicks so he could hang with Dustin and Dustin checks one and breaks Connors leg. Dana white then acts like that's not a real win. Bitch Dustin knocked him out and then a few months later broke his leg. I think it's official Dustin is his dad now
Give Conor someone lower ranked next. Like Islam makachev.
That's a pretty serious and likely permanent injury there.  Between the destroyed leg in their second fight and now a major, obviously compound fracture to the other leg this time; I don't see how you ever get back to 100%. Perhaps Conor should consider retirement and just move into the business-world full time. He can go ahead and retire with a good record and solid legacy.
Connor just sounds scared of becoming irrelevant 😒😒
Yeah next Saturday, put both men in wheelchairs and let them finish the next 2 to 4 rounds
He didn’t nearly earn a finish! Fook that he was only close to “being finished” in the final 15 seconds after McGregor already broke his leg. Put yourself in McGregor’s situation obviously Herb Dean wasn’t watching the fight and it should have been stopped when McGregor’s leg snapped he wasn’t knocked down he broke his leg!
I think Connor has one more big fight left in him otherwise he's off to fight Jake Paul
Retire ffs Oo
Who wants to watch Connor lose again. I can't believe dana white says he gets another shot as soon as he is ready.  If Dustin wins his next fight and becomes champ,  dana white is saying that even tho Connor has lost what his last 4 fights or something he gets a title shot next?!?! Wtf
Conor predicted  a  stretcher . He just forgot to  mention  it would be for  him .
There was no domination either way! So dumb hearing people saying Conor got dominated when Conor landed nasty elbows to the side of Dustins head. Also look at the weasels break down Dustin never checked any of those kicks.
Poirier i got a line for you. Please when he says he wants to fight you outside please say you don't want to defend yourself and turn that stretcher into a coffin
Dana white is a joke
Dustin Poirier always makes perfect sense
Conner the baby
Happy to hear that Conor will be fighting Dustin again. A lot of people look at the very last 15 seconds of the round with Dustin pounding on Conor but that was after McGregor’s ankle and looked like leg snapped so Conor couldn’t intelligently defend himself!
Fight is a fight when you get the shit smacked out of you..but still chat crap about 1 family
I think it's about business
Conor stick to exhibition fights only.. retire from ufc you're too slow and weak for these young fighters..
I don’t care what anyone says Conor wasn’t losing that fight it was a very competitive first round, also No one can consider that a win for Dustin.
Let's be honest Dana... Dustin was WINNING that fight.  Plot twist: Conor broke his ankle during the ceremonial weigh-ins when he kicked Dustin's leg. Lol
Mctapper: you need losers like me 💩
going out like Scarface
Connor McC'xuses
McNuggets is finished.
That was Karma you don't say that shit and get away with it he looked like sore loser sitting  with a broken leg and barking like a wounded dog  McGregor will never be the same fighter when he comes back and will lose the rematch
The only reason he gets a rematch is because of the money
sean omalley is The TROOF, Sun!
Gilbert Burns sucks and there’s no way he’s going to beat Usman. Really don’t even know how he was ranked 1 at any point. He was scared of Wonderboy and held him. We did not figure out who was the better fighter between them.
McGregor breaks his ankle and his silence in one week.
Mystic Mac almost got it right, someone actually went out on a strecher...
Conors stock has gone down tremendously since the height of his career a few years ago.     He’s kind of annoying lol
Connor should fight someone else first before he fights Dustin again
It can’t end that way even if it was the other way around Conor probably will lose either way but I spent 75 dollars for a fight that sucked lol 😂
Conor is done !!! His ego and disgusting behaviour is a desgrace and shame for his family and country ! Definitely not a role model for the younger generations !
I want my money back
He's an embarresment to Ireland
No one talkin bout Burns bullshit performance lol
The truth is Dustin smacked his leg so hard that mc clowners leg was numb . Hence why he rolled it . His leg was obviously asleep . Go sell that shitty whisky an let someone else take the lead . There will always be another . It gets old hearing how your going to destroy someone every time an then you take a shit an play it all over again at your next fight . Floyd butchered him , Dustin butchered him twice , Khabib slaughtered him . Oh he did beat that 80 year old man in the bar though with that sucker punch .
Calling khabib it’s time to go back on mma your the king of all time!!!!like who want khabib back?
No way Connor deserves a rematch when he returns, especially if Dustin is champ at that time.
I love how all of these americans are megregor die hards and choose to hate when a blue collar american teaches a bully a hard lesson.
Rematch 4... so far it's 1-1 .
Dana wanted Conor to win so bad 😂 If that happened to anyone else while they were already losing there's no way in hell he would be talking about a rematch 😂🤡
Bruh he broke his ankle and Dustin was still talking. Shitty sportsman. Why not tell Dustin his wife is in Conors dms
If wealth can b measured by the goodness of the heart.  Dustin is the king and corner is homeless or a begger!!!!
prime example of what we have wrong with professional athletes and the people who make money on their antics this is not made up stories of the WWE this shit is real and serious and not scripted
Breaks silence….???? He never shut up…. Unfortunately
Lol, how far is dana's nose up mcgregors ass, he didnt hear what mcgregor said, yeah right... 😅😅, he is still defending his so called golden boy
I want to see Conor win dustin just for the memes. There would have to be a fifth fight. That would be so retarded it would be hilarious.
mctap twice mcstrecher mctkoboxing mcbigmouth  mcnotarolemodel mcmoneybags  this world is definitely backwards! he had his time and was very likeable in his day but the longer this drags on the more damage he does to his health and his character! wake up fight fans this is not someone you want your kids to look up to unfortunately he's lost the plot!
The 2nd was a fluke, the 3rd was a fluke and the 4th will be a fluke. Only when Conor wins it won’t be a fluke . Reminds me of a child
Too much proper 12 has weakened his bones. Keep drinking that poison.
McGregor does not deserve another rematch, get back to the end of the line buddy
Looking forward to watching Gilbert beat the shit out of Colby
Conor really disappointed his fans this time. I'm still asking why the hell he went for the guillotine, the only thing that comes to mind is his shin must have been on fire or his fight IQ is gone. I wanna see him come back but god man he kept the whole wife's in my DM's bullshit up. Did anyone notice his team didn't seem to be around him. I'm wondering if he's bringing a toxic energy to his gym, especially seeing the vitriol he spewed during this whole week.
Conor’s fight career is over. There’s no recovery at his age to fight amongst the top contenders anymore. It’s over.
I never want to see burns in a co main event again 😑
retire
What’s next for Conor ?.... His Career as a serious fighter is over .... There will be no return to any former glory ...
Wow, Mayweather risked a whole 50k? He must have been really confident. Lol, that's like normal people being 5 cents. Gtfoh Floyd, how much attention do you need?
He didn't break silence, he broke his tibia.
McGregor is money, Dana knows it very well so he keeps pushing Conor..
Why should Connor retire? Stupid assessment. If Poirier broke his leg would we be saying retire? No rematch? You don't have to like Connor but it's his and Poiriers decision to make not ours.
Dana is really disturbed. He looks 20 years older during this press conference.
Burns is so boring  An they say usman is , Burns don’t deserve another title shot after that boring hugging match
CONNOR IS OVER!!! HE SHOULD JUST GIVE UP....
I need to see a fourth one man. I put money on Dustin but I don’t believe porier broke his ankle
I have a feeling that Mayweather made a bet on both of them, covering both payouts. The Poirier ticket is better tho.
The UFC spectators don't need Connor anymore. Let him retire peacefully. He's Done !
No they should not fight again.Leave Connor with that loss looks good on him!
Connor's wife was having an affair with his ex trainer...fact..
Dana mote sad that conor broke his leg then Dustin winning. Conor is UFC money man!!
Lol he got what he deserved Conor is always talking trash about people. But keep talking trash Conor you'll keep getting broken lmao 🤣😂🤣😆
he looked stronger faster tougher then he has in awhile last night the break just shows he slacking in training if he was training hard that woulda happened if he was doing what he needed he went easy then his body couldnt hold up in the fight in a sense he wasnt used to going that hard! but Poirier pointed when he checked that leg
Portier was going to kill Connor that didn't end he was elbowing his face like he was painting a picture it was going to be over soon
That’s not an ankle bapa, tis’a tibia 🦴
Gonna vent after this garbage. Screw McGregor and his BS fluke fights. Talking all that trash and scaming his fans. He was never as good as he said he was. He can't go 3 rounds even if he physically wanted to. The guy is brittle asf. Threw 5 kicks and lost the fight without Dustin having to try at all. Can't get past a fight without his leg receiving million dollar treatment afterwards. The old man he punched at the bar could have beat Conor by kicking him in the shin one time. I bet any MMA fan would show more heart in the cage than Conor. Regardless of his injury, he was gonna curl up into a ball just like the khabib fight, protect his face, and secure a check afterwards. Disgrace to Ireland.  Glad that . was streamed free off the internet because it deserved to be.
He needs to retire cause he’s a sore loser plus when you involve his wife is freakin bogus he needs to keep the fight professional not all trashy and bogus smfh 🤦🏽‍♀️
Personally I think Conor should retire and ride off into the sunset...
Go away Mac Tapper!
retire.  Fighting is not good for his character, and it even spills out on the opponents.  Not healthy for the character of him or people associated with him.
O'MALLEY LOOKS LIKE HOWARD STERN ESPECIALLY WHEN HIS HAIR IS DOWN 🤣😂
i don’t wanna buy the 4th
please pay your taxes
Conor will come back and make a fool of himself again
Conor mcstretcher, the UFC  stretcher 👑👑👑👑 King
What's the point of the 4th match, Conor clearly won't win
Conor will smash him , Dustin shouldn’t have even won that , it should have been a no contest ,
I want to see Gaethje vs McGregor next
Dana is right this rivalry is way far from over and the fact that it was a shitty finish to this fight; deserves another fight
No one scrambled to their feet. Conor’s cheating ass had 3 fingers in dustins glove, pulling him down while he was throwing those kicks upwards. Dustin let Conor get up.
Pretty sure he was talking shit about Dustin and his wife all the way to the hospital.
Retirement time I think 🤔
Never seen a guy get beat up so many times and talk soo much shit.  Glass jaw joe should walk away because it’s open season on his head.
Mcstretcher is done. Now is going back to Ireland to punch the old man at the whiskey bar 🍸😄
Burns is going to need another win to get that title shot
I think Khabib’s dad came down from Heaven and broke conor’s leg
He said Dustin was gonna leave on a stretcher...the irony
If dustin had of won the 1st fight and conor won the second they would have never made a trilogy
I liked dustin before but this thing where he acts so upset that Conor said he was gonna kill him........Its just weird.
Am I the only one that thinks Conor does not deserve to fight pourier at all again
Dustin Poiriers record in 2025: Mcgregor - WIN KO 2nd rd Mcgregor - WIN KO 1st rd Mcgregor - WIN KO 2nd rd Mcgregor - WIN TKO 1st rd Mcgregor - WIN KO 1st rd Mcgregor - WIN TKO 1st rd Mcgregor - WIN TKO 2nd rd Mcgregor - WIN KO 2nd rd Mcgregor - WIN TKO 1st rd Mcgregor - WIN TKO 2nd rd Hooker -     WIN U-DEC Nurmagomedov - LOSS SUB 3rd rd
I'd like to see Rob Font put on a clinic against Sean the egomaniac O'Malley!😁
Trust me you do need Conor -WWE profits $1 billion a year let that sink in!! They create storylines which use “good guy” and a heel(bad guy) to create rivalries between fighters and crews! People love Rivalries which is why people PAY to see these things play out!! No different the NFL NHL NBA SOCCER BOXING  you name it
Bro did you really call Burns win over Wonderboy magnificent ? That fight was HANDS DOWN the worst fight of the whole card. If your not trying to submit or do damage to the guy stand them the F up, this isn't ultimate friends cuddling its ultimate FIGHTING.
He doesn’t have the drive anymore connor made it already its time to retire
My foot was a balloon!
Dustin poirier is exactly what the UFC needs in its organization outstanding man father and loves his country and God bless Dustin and his family
You can’t have a fight end that way? Dustin beat the living crap out of Coner. Broken ankle or not, he lost that fight, bad!
Conor should come back next year around this time
Love Conor turned Heel!! Means more money Baby !!!! You guys notice how Porier wants another Conor fight!! Means more money for him !! He will make more money fighting Conor 4 times then he would ever have made fighting 30 other Opponents!!!
Booo conor boooo
Nope he got smashed at the trilogy. He’s a sore loser
The diamond needs to focus on the champ. Let mcgregger worry bout Justin gaethje or chandler. Theyll be ready
"I said he'd leave on a stretcher, he left on a stretcher! Call me Mystic Mac, because I predick deez tings! - the stretcher
I celebrated Conors win over Aldo and was a fan of his. BUT... after he came up with his proper 12 whiskey he turned into an absolute piece of shit. Punching that old man did it for me alteady. And now here we are. That last presser was just Conor making sure his family and first of all his kids are gonna have a rough time to defend them self. Its time for Dana to let this shepard go. Cuz thats all he would be without the UFC contract.
conor is done
Dana says it’s not over???? It’s fucking over. Edit: Dana heard it all. Conor sucks… he’s a bum.
McGregor is a great fighter, but unfortunately gives martial artists a terrible name with all of the classless bullshit he chirps and thug nonsense he pulls (throwing the hand truck through the bus window..) No one should wish a terrible injury like that on someone, but that fool got exactly what he deserved after all is said and done
Connors prime is over
we don't need Conor.
Connor is wrong bringing in opponents family in trash talk .
Poirier won this fight in more ways than one…
He needs some milk
I think Conor should forget about Dustin for the foreseeable future and fight a number of fights in the Top 10, get himself back into ring shape and mental faculties about him.  It is time for Conor to make a career decision about whether he still wants to fight at a high level or hang it up.  I am a huge fan of McGregor since his Cage Warrior days and it had come back from a bad place for 2 years after the Kahbib fight and he needs to heel and sit down with Dana and his family and figure out where he goes from there.  He will likely be 34 when that happens and there will be many factors that come into play after he is ready to fight again.  I wish him the best and I hope that he and Dustin can talk and out the BS behind them.  I will be praying for you brother.
saying you’re gonna murder somebody is a metaphor lol that gets said all the time lol i’d say that in a game of pool hah
Conor hasn’t won in a while
No man. He lost. He needs to be humble.
McGregor's broke ankle kept him from getting his ass thoroughly beat.  Dustin was well on his way to breaking something else on McGregor's body.
It’s not “MCGREGOR FAST” it’s “MCGREGOR BREAKFAST”!! Only it’s chicken wings…
*love how you listed the times of each topic at the start.*
Stop saying he broke his ankle. He didn't break his ankle. He broke is LEG above the ankle due to a fracture Dustin caused when he checked the kid. Damn get a lesson in human anatomy and physiology
Who's next for McGregor? Himself.
Dana: "the fight can't end like that.. Connor has to win.. we will run it back until he does"
Joe Rogan told Conor that Dustin said he checked your leg kick is why your leg got broken. Conor replayed he never did no such thing. i need to see better video a better angel of Conor's leg kick to see if Dustin checked it where the Conor's leg was broken. Why would Dustin say he checked it if he didn't. This is what i think happen. Conor got leg checked when it happen Conor said to him self DAM that smarts like a bloody bunny rabbit humping a sharp rock )o= he put his foot down level with a fracture then tried to maneuver his body as he was trying to fight the baddest ass active fighter in the UFC today  fracture couldn't handle it. my unofficial conclusion ( with out seeing a better video of a leg check if there was one witch i do believe a honest man over one that will lie ) is in UFC 264: Dustin Poirier brock Conor McGregor dam leg.  Shit happens and as Khabib Nurmagomedov replied to this fight Good wins over evil (o=
Not much silence when the entire internet is talking about it 😂
“Porier will do his thing till conors ready”  Dana’s so blatant with his favoritism, the trilogy already happened and Dustin is guaranteed a title shot and Dana is talking about him as if he’s on the back burner and seems to be saying that if Dustin became champion Conor would be able to rematch him without facing anyone else. Would not be surprised when Dustin refuses the rematch
Connor has proven what kind of person he is, I don’t think he deserves another rematch. I agree with Dustin  that Connor is a dirt bag. Dustin is a standup dude he said  he’ll give him a rematch😂
the same leg he tried to disrespectfully kick Dustin at the press conference.. mmh karma is a mirror indeed, money change this guy into a disgraceful human
UFC would be better off with McGregor gone.
Conor: I will make the peahead leave the octagon in a stretcher. Karma: Whaaaaaaarrrtttt?  Dustin: You do not say such things to people men. Me: Dustin's the guy.
No need of any rematch....as Khabib said the sport and sportsman has had some respect....and MacGregor doesn't deserve that respect with his trash talk and stuff...better he should retire....
Conor desires money over kindness and humility. He has much to learn and thank God still has time to learn it.
Well I mean Dustin wife's over here giving the bird too so doesn't really matter if McGregor talking shit 🙄
Keep fighting, and embarrassing himself.
Please stick to facts on these posts. Nobody wants to hear your opinion on who dominated a fight that barely got started. You have no Idea what would have happened in the second round. And nobody wants to see these guys laying on each other. Break that stuff up ref!!!
"We are not here to take part, we are here to retire" - Conor Mcgregor 2021
It's an erie thing, to witness a hero become a villian. You could see in Mcgregors eyes the panic to the end of his hype and era. Lashing out in a frenzy while sitting there defeated and Dustin walking away.    Crazy
Damn bro how tf can you not like Dustin porier? I'm a conor fan I was rooting for him, but man Dustin is a class act for sure. When conor come back tho, ill be rooting for him, but still gotta show respect where it's earned.
A fourth fight ain't worth it man..
Rematch Connor beats him or Dustin kills him
Gilbert Burns did not put on a Magnificent performance.  He is a BJJ, he performed ZERO submissions.  He was basically just hugging Wonderboy keeping him down while he ran out the clock.  Fans BOOOOED him.  His stock went down, Dana wasn't pleased.  Wonderboy got a knock down with a spinning kick.  People have been commenting accross the internet thinking Wonderboy won.  While Wonderboy absolutely lost ring control and perceived damage, he did win on significant strikes and aggressiveness.  The judges score cards had him lose by 1 point on all cards.  I don't think Wonderboy was robbed but I think he need to give Wonderboy a quick turn around bout against a fighter who isn't going to find a cheap way to victory.  Dana White wants Exciting fights and doesn't want to promote fighters who win at the expense of the fans.
If you seen my tiktok you know how I feel about conor. He needs to disappear.
Get well Conor. You have inspired many.
This Irishman don’t got it no more to be very honest. His prime days are over.
Connor should go to PFL or Bellator
Khabib: *send location* Poirier: *ends quotations* Conor: *rehabilitation*
It wasn't a TKO finish, Conor made it to the bell and then the doctor stopped it...
Do u believe in Karma the same leg/foot that Conner kicked Dustin in the press conference same leg/foot he broke besides who left on a stretcher? McGregor u know that hyna Karmen?
No Conor. We really don't need people like you. Not anymore. Thanks.
Jesus christ,Conor  is ranked 5, this match was for a title shot, the favoritism Dana has for him is ridiculous , Now Dustin will win the title , By then Conor will be ranked 7 or 8. And he's guaranteed to fight Dustin again and it will be for the belt. 3 straight losses, and gets to fight for the belt . Dustin was clearly  going to finish him . I don't  understand why Dana gives him so many chances to get the belt. He blew it, he's not the same guy. He should have to earn his way up the rankings like all the other fighters. It's disrespectful to them .
Conor vs Tony if he wins he can face the winner of olivera vs Porier.
Guys this is crazy , Conor predicted he was gone go out in a stretcher , off course he met Dustin., but it got back to him ..
Connor said some dumb stuff amen to that but P celebrated a little early
McGregor is done ive lost faith in him long ago.
I will never purchase another PPV if that poor sport loser Connor is on the card!.
He’s not good enough to fight in the top anymore. How many assbeatings must he take before enough is enough?
Conor is a washed up deuchbag.   Absolutely zero class.  Dustin is a great fighter and a class act.
Either his leg was compromised sooner or his torque was so powerful. Either way Dustin did not ko him. Connor threw himself against the side of the cage clearly saying his ankle was jacked.  Dustin is my guy too but be real people
He was a plant from the start we see it clearly money has nothing to do with it
*MURDERvated MickGregor* prayers for the deceased 🙏 ☠️ 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🖕🏼🖕🏼
He doesn't need to consider retirement, he was forcefully retired.
Retire Conor. You're already a clown. There is no coming back. Run along to boxing
Some Connor haters in here wow. The dude didn’t get knocked down they both missed and connors leg broke. Dustin was doing great but the fight wasn’t over. Jesus wept people
Take a proper look at the Division, this Guys are all too Strong for Conor 🤣🤣.He's done for good even before now 😏😏
Someone send Khabib the location of Conor's new after party...
Conor:  This ain't finished. We're fighting again.  Dana:  Whatever my baby wants my baby gets.
Give it up you're rich enough
Lmao sean sucks. Its obvious that without his reach he would get spanked easily. Go to feather and see how well you do clown.
The Mac Life. Lol!
I have a theory: Conor first fractured his leg during the press conference, when he sucker-kicked Dustin during the stare-down.
Broke my leg like that as a kid took 9 months and i broke it again connors never fighting pro again
Conor’s becoming more cringe than Colby
The last time conor fought Dustin he had to use crutches , this time he's leaving in a stretcher , Dana better not let him fight again or he'll end up in a coffin .
Burns is boring as all hell! How is he happy with that win?
He should open up a bunch of McGregor sports bars.
Connor mcstretcher
Dana’s cash loud mouth leprechaun snapped his widdle weg
"What is believed to be a broken leg"... LOL
can't believe it was not a no contest dustin you did not win
Rematch!?  In what world does McGregor deserve a rematch??  Dana "the rival isn't over until McGregor wins" White
Dana White. Gordon Ghekko.
Retired if he’s smart retire
He Needs To Be Fined What Is This Sport Coming To? Each Other No Problem But Religion Family OFF LIMITS.. See You When You Get Home McNugget We Are Waiting For You 🤬 Dublin 🏠
Conor talking about after party? Morphine is a helluva a drug.
BS…Dana heard all of that lol
Retirement please!!
Fight low ranked fighters first to get more ring time and get your confidence back, i mean he lost but to the very best in the division khabib and Dustin who ever more active and have evolved a lot than conor. Conor I guess should fight someone at fw.
Who wants to see this again?? Dana loves this guy.. build around another star Damn!!
If Conor gets a fourth fight against Dustin I ain't watching that shit, cuz it wouldn't mean nothing at this point 😂😂😂😂
Fight
Conor, legs weak, moms speggti, puke drunk, his own wisky, Jake paul, his next misery...bars
If you noticed that on the press conference during the face off . Conor attempted to kick Dustin with the left leg and that’s the same leg that got the injury. I feel for Conor. But I have to say that Dustin is a good man. Nothing but respect for Dustin because he is all about respect.
Dustin punched mcgregor so hard he snapped his friggin leg 🦵. Who the fook is this guy?? 😂
"....the fight didn't get finished. You can't have a fight finish that way". Anderson broke his leg in the rematch and he didn't get his "rematch of the rematch". Even if it wouldn't have been a title fight I'm sure Anderson wanted to get that one back. Dana is trash!
If mcgregor comes back, please throw him to islam, another smashing would be fun!
Connor has literally been rambling incoherently since before the fight and never stopped.
Gonor
McGregor should retire. It sucks for any fighter to leave the sport on those terms but after this leg break I don't see him ever being as effective against top-tier fighters anymore. Plus this whole trash-talking opponents families/wives etc. is just not classy imo. He should have kept it professional.
Rematch???!! HAHAHAHAHA Yeah keep on feeding him to Dustin my man :D then if mcgregor wins a controversial split decision, don't give dustin a rematch hahaahahhahaahha. Mcgregor is a lucky bastard
UFC LITERALLY PUT CONORS OCTO INTERVIEW ON YOUTUBE WHERE HE TALKS ABOUT DUSTINS WIFE 5 MINUTES AFTER IT HAPPENED ON YOUTUBE. UFC AND DANA HAVE NO SHAME AND ITS FUCKING SAD.
McGregor won that match in my books👍🏽 Poirier is so lucky in my books
Jake LaMotta fought Sugar Ray Robinson 6 X I think Poirier should fight McGregor 10 times, and beat the living s*** out of him
No rematch. No way. He should have to work his way back up the ranks for the same pay as everyone else !!
"You need people like me"  The dude is trying to make sure the UFC doesn't remove him as the mascot
I hate to say it but I think he should retire because at this point, he’s tarnishing his legacy with all these losses
McGregor needs two tune up fights before even thinking about fighting anyone in the top 5. It's too early to retire at 32 or 33 when he's healed.
McGregor is done.
I would like tony vs conor.   Or rda vs conor now
Best thing to do with Conor is feed him to Tony or rda
My foot was a crack!!! My foot was a crack!!! It came out of it's socket.
It finished.. he kicked his ass
Connie qas getting his ass whoppe and the commentary team was going wild for that bicycle kick he did whilst getting pounded
I want to give a shout-out to tjkilll for shedding some light on Mayweather not betting on both McGregor and Poirier. If y'all want to know the facts, ask @tjkilll for the specifics. Thanks tj.
DUCTORS STOOPAGEEEEEEEEE!
Conor doesnt have it anymore he got tooooo rich tooooo fast!!! Dustin was out classing him the whole fight! Sad but true! And the fans of Conor are delusional!! Its over for him unless he loses all his money somehow...Lol He should def RETIRE before dustin gets to knock him out again!
Conor is washed up!
Damn he Broke Something else besides his Leg, Damn Conor you Crazy
Easy Scarface/Disgrace lol 🤦‍♂️
Dustin beat Conor the entire fight before he broke his like. Why do we need to see another fight because it didn’t end in a knock out.
I want him to fight more and take more devastating Ls 🤣🤣🤣
Me saying something: Me saying something that me said.  Me also saying something: Me saying something else that me also said.
Connors a hasbeen now. He will be plagued with this kind 9f injury rate, its over for him.
Reverse mystic mac lmao
Well Connor McStretcher did say someone wasn’t walking out… Big props to Dustin on putting this Dbag out everyone knows how this one was gonna end. Wondering how many loses connors gonna take before retirement?
I cant find a video of the fight that isn't retarded asf why do random fight vids always zoom in on nothing shit pisses me off
Burns is a bum!!!
Conor should have retired 3 fights ago
why keep it going the trilogys is over theres other fight that make way more sense
THATS WHAT YOU CALL KARMA FOR BANGING YOUR MOUTH UP AND GOT SLAPPED DOWN AGAIN AND AS FOR NEEDING PEOPLE LIKE HIM HE HAS HAD THAT MANY LOSES HES TURNING INTO A JOURNEY MAN
Connor is the scar face of ufc
Anyone else feel like Connor look like some kinda deep fake?
Floyed milking every penny out of life
he broke his shin FFS get the fact right! fake news!
Dustin won bro if it wasn’t Conner and the main event herb would’ve called it
F conner
Burns does not deserve another title shot after one win. He is delusional.
I like McGregor as a fighter and how he climbed up the fighters ladder from where he started, but he let fame go to his head and his trash talk makes him look invincible when obviously he isnt a machine but just a man who can break an ankle or leg just like anyone. With that being said, I do believe Dustin is the new proven warrior in the UFC ring and champion over McGregor and after the non sense trash talk from McGregor that he doesnt deserve another rematch until he 1st heals from his nasty injury that may take year or more and learn to stfu with his out of control raging trash talking. He needs to up hold his Ireland roots and not bring his countrymen down. Accept losing twice to Dustin - the cajun swamp Louisiana man with the hot sauce that McGregor couldn't swallow😁
He needs to earn that fight stop carrying his ass
“Little pea head circumcised hilly billy” Conor Mcgregor
Mc gregor will head for a third of forth retirement whilst keeping relevant tweeting wild shit on twitter
"You're getting walked like a dog tomorrow night". Proceeds to crawl around the octagon like a dog 🤣.
Dana, aliens are currently invading the planet. They've eliminated 80% of the world's population, disabled the power grid, and are currently harvesting all of our resources. Any thoughts on this?  "We'll see how this whole thing plays out."
McGregor v Diaz for the trilogy next. It just makes sense
Conor who?
He should retired after Floyd boy beat his ass
Bring him back to get mashed again
McGregor is done!!!
McGregor's a big mouth loser who can't back it up anymore
I told you to drink your milk in the mornings conor 🤦🏻‍♂️
Mac nugget’s is done! Time for BKFC or boxing.
He has something left in his tank, needs a break & lifestyle changes & warm up match before rematch. If all that possible he has the talent to beat Dustin,  but is all that possible ?
How menacing of a character can you be when you’re sitting on the ground with your leg snapped?!? Like dude can accept that you loss? Lol.
Conor is still legend
Connor needs to retire, he's done, hes straight up trash now and has no drive or hunger.
Retire.
When mcgreggor heals he’ll get the rematch? Dustin won 2-1
Conor peahead McGregor
Man dustin is so likeble
Conor and Tony will be a prefect match....
Why didn't mcchicken cross the road?  O yeah his leg broke
lol conor acting like dustins wife into him she a fighter wife she aint hangin with no one getting knocked out XD
6:19 — that's when Conor's leg actually broke
You need people like me??     True… can always use a good laugh,  he actually does have talent, why he relies on mental warfare, is beyond me… it hasn’t worked since Alveraz….. time to retire dude…
Shouldve stayed retired after the cowboy fight...
Mcgregor is weak ass dude for bringing family into it. Thats desperate weak move number 1......
Dustin was dominating McGregor if dustin fights him again it will be for the money. Poirier also prove that McGregor is not on his level anymore. McGregor he is not the same fighter he was  5 years ago he does not have that killer instinct no more he can trash talk to hype the fight
Shattered leg, shattered ego and shattered record. McGregor, show some class and shut your mouth !
Dana will arrange a fight with Dustin and Conor. Dustin has to have his arms tied behind his back and be blindfolded to even the odds.
O wow big money Floyd only 35,000 from 50,000 that's big money from such a already rich prick couldn't he afford more
McGregor would have gotten a shit kicking if his leg didn't break
Poirier is too good. Conor should retire.
His shin was broken not his ankle btw
That show was cursed! Ryan Hall lost (that is a khabib level loss), O'Malley was getting walked down by a nobody, Niko Price was robbed  of a decision win, Connors leg broke and they gave the fight to Dustin which should have been a no contest.
Was actually backing DP but that was a bitch move cos he saw Conor was injured clearly yet you followed up with more punches
oh god, not another re match with the worst fighter in UFC history,
Connor didn't tech loose that fight it was when he stepped back , Connor looked food he just don't have a ground game although I thoygh t he had dustin
Conor is a legend in his own mind. He’s more known for his big mouth and short temper than his fighting. Conor is lucky his ankle broke as he had no chance at winning (baring a fluke KO ) This fight. Now Conor can say he would have won if he didn’t break his ankle. Conor took a huge punch to the face that threw him backwards leading up to the break his ankle.  I am so passed that I didn’t get to see Conor get his lights turned off. I so do not like thar bully
Finished*
The fight wasn't finushed
Dana always magically Didn't hear what people said, whenever its something he doesn't want to hear. How do you miss Connor calling Poirier's wife a little Hoe, just like he misses every news reporters question whenever it touches on something that hits his fucking massive butthurt nerve
Dana running out of old champs to roll out for a few dollars more. Conor should retire. Khabib retired. GSP retired. George Masvidal 1-3 in the last three fights. These aren’t super fights they’re UFC cheap garbage fights. You have 1 undefeated champ on your roster pay the man Dana.
Kind of similar to holly holm ronda rousey. Chris weidman, anderson silva.
Happy for Dustin. Between O Malley and McGregor I lost a lot of respect for the Irish this weekend.
fook conor
Silence? What silence? The guy can't keep his  Little wrrrrat mouth shut fer nuttin! 🤕🥴
No fighter could be happy with a win like that besides more money. 🤷
*F Connie, he suck!*
Dustbin walking up to Conor doing the fake Conor walk while he was hurt on the ground, he deserved it
People are acting like McGregor was some kind of immortal or something.. dude is Human.
Truth. Connor amplified ufc on record breaking multi levels .
Dana crying
"Business" or not, I've lost all respect for Conor. He's crossed way too many line's and is in full blown cringe territory now. He need's to be humbled some more, and then step aside.
He need to retire
Justin classic act.
Fight Chito again, that's what I say...so no excuses when he loses again....that k it d lastnite was quite a bit smaller in stature.
Conman : got kicked in the first fight.... could barely walk.  Conman : tried to kick in the rematch..... broke his own leg.
I'm from Dublin. Big Conor fan. But Conor has lost his mind since Khabib... Trash talk is part of the game, but you should never bring your opponent's family into it! It changes the fight from professional, to personal! It's the second time he's done it, and he's lost both times, both with nasty endings! It's simply karma! You give nasty, you receive nasty! McGregor should know as well as anyone how important a solid, professionally focused mindset is. He build his career on it. He's lost that mindset
What's next for Conor? Lots of whiskey and coke,,lol
I call B.S. The fight was Indeed Finished. Poirier kicked & broke conners leg.
I'm sick of hearing about Mcgregor and Poirier matches. There are other fighters in the lightweight division. Max Holloway should get His Rematch with Mcgregor. Diversity is the key to entertainment.
So does o'malley really believe everything that comes outta his mouth or that just for the media to keep his image going
Connor sold Proper 12 for $ 600 M.........what else does he need? Solution..... Retire and build a better gym and help youth get a better start.
Mcg is worthless its been years since this guy won a fight
Floyd not even on Forbes list he broke and doesn’t have that kind of money he can’t sell shit without Connor and     Logan the you tuber
Should Justin Poirier have kept on punching after he saw Conman's deformed ankle?  No.....he shouldn't have.  Should Justin Poirier have done the Billy strut after the fight was over and the Conman's was agonizing on the ground close to him?  No.... he shouldn't have.  Yet ...... well...... the Conman had it coming.
If Kamaru is still champ Burns will lose again.
I know many don't agree but I think it was pretty fucked of Herb to stop that O'Malley fight, you can't let the guy go another 27 seconds? Sean says he was gonna finish it but he couldn't finish it with the other 200 some shots he gave, love Sean as a fighter but he just seems like he'd be a tool in person.
Burns and Thompson was boring as hell....Burns held him down to nay gate the striking because he was getting tagged.
UFC = Poor man's WWE
Got karmar
Man Connor used to be so clever with his trash talk now he is just bitter and nasty! I reckon that's the end of Mcgregor! We not going to see the Mcgregor of old agaim and this guy is really not worth the paper the ticket is printed on man! I'm a fan but at this rate I don't know man he is letting himself go and he got what he deserves. Dustin getting what he deserves. Also disappointed for Wonderboy but I am SUPER stoked for my boy Dricus du Plessis! South Africa on the map baby! I said a second round KO!!! Now we need come more Don Madge! Just wondering how O'Malley is getting fresh blood still??? Surely he should be fighting ranked opponents?? He has only got one loss and that was really more a doctors stoppage than a loss. The kid is quality and should be given quality opponents. And I'm not even a huge fan of his! Its gota be said though, that kid was tough as nails! He deserves a shot and an opponent that is at his level, that was a hell of an introduction man! Sometimes the UFC does some wack shit man!
Floyd claims to have all that money yet Connor at top of that Forbes list
Poirier basicly says: call my wife a slut as much as you want, but talk about killing me is NOT cool man!  Me: 🤔 I thought honor was the the exact opposite.
Yeah ,wth let Dustin beat his ass again and put to rest what we all ready know is gonna happen.
It wasn’t a tko the bell rang and the doctor stopped it 😅😂
When jeasica eyes third eye opened i knew mystic mac’s downfall was near
I mean when you really sit down and think about this amazing sport of MMA... The level of competition at the top is so insane! These guys are absolutely trained killers and we measure the success of a fighter on their ability to inflict bodily harm to their opponent with the ultimate goal being able to stop just before they do permanent damage to their opponent. Sure they are not actually going in their with guns & knives attempting to kill each other but what do you see every fighter (well 98% of them) do after they knock their opponent out unconscious... they always rain down a few hammer fists until the ref waves them off... So, yes they are actually trained to finish opponents and if left alone they would do serious harm if not deliver a fatal blow to the other fighter. It's such a fine line, I cannot believe in all the years this sport has not had a fatality on live tv. While it is rare, people do get killed in this sport... It just hasn't happened in a main, televised event yet and I pray it never does... It's far too early in the progression of MMA competition to understand what kind of long term damage they are doing to their bodies. When you see what it's done to them in boxing and the NFL, you would think the UFC would invest a little money into long term affects to possibly develope better protective equipment or preventative measures for the fighters but I guess for such an extremely violent sport like MMA... The fans want more blood, not more gear. Lol... Sry for long comment, when I heard Dustin say that he prays for a safe fight for both fighters before a fight because I know what I'm gonna be trying to do to him and he's gonna be trying to do the same thing to me. A perfect fight in any MMA fighter's eyes is to leave their opponent lying in a pool of blood, unconscious so that there are no excuses left for the opponent. No sport in the world today pits humans against each other with the intent to kill their opponent and I absolutely love it. A huge thank you to all the fighters who put themselves thru grueling camps to prepare for the greatest spectacle on earth and God Bless all of you and your families. Can you imagine the amount of stress fighters put on their families in order to compete at such a high level. I mean by then most everyone in your circle of family & friends & fans are already accustomed to watching you train, compete, lose and win. For some though, I mean watching a loved one get mauled to death for 15min or witnessing Francis unload 1 of his lethal Mack Truck/2-Ton Hammer Fists... He's like a real life Mortal Combat character.
I really dont understand the kind of fighter who trash talks ones father, wife, brother...your oponents  family got nothing to do with u or ur fight..unsecure? Glad karma is still a bitch... About the rematch...cmoonn..havent we had enough of him already..?? Give other fighters the chance. Conors already had enoung money..
Sean O Malley needs to stop being a punk about losing, you have a lost on your record bud.
Rematch 100% finish the right way.
A champion of history does not carry himself like that. Can you imagine one of the greats... Ali, Frazier..etc.. screaming obscenities about your wife after a fight stoppage.... for any reason. Nope, true champs back up their skills with character befitting a legend.
You can even see in the pic in the video of Conor low kicking that his kicks were landing on the knee.  Not a coincidence that the first time he throws hard low kicks he has a broken lower shin.  He fucked up and broke his own leg by kicking Dustins knee, get fucked nerd.
I love the way Conor has evolved as a fighter and shows a new way of getting his ass handed to him each fight.
Gilbert burns got boo’d at the end of the fight because he ran away like a coward and didn’t even make any progress from the ground. Trash fight
“My wife is solid as a rock” wooooowwww
"You need people like me" the good old Scarface line ! "You need people like me so you can point your fucking finger and say, THATS THE BAD GUY! last time you gonna see bad guy like this let me tell you " Scarface 101 Al Pacino
Conor should hang up the gloves …. He’s not the same anymore …. He was beast back then
Dana's full of shit.. 2 yrs to heal ..
That’s what you get for putting Wonderboy on a fucking Co-main, he was the better fighter and deserved the full 25 minutes as a veteran on an impressive win streak. He had Burns hurt in that 3rd..
Yeah Dustin‘s wife is a really classy lady now we all know why Connor is so pissed off because who knows what came out of his class lady to take Connor off and behave the way he was behaving no one reacts like that for no reason Dustin if you see this control your woman because she controls everything else you your money and every step you take
The Conman is out .  The only thing he can run now is his mouth.  CryBaby Conman.
Poirier needs to fight better competition. He's going to develop bad habits fighting trash fighters.
Lots of chicken shit haters on here.
McGroger is done after his loss against Khabib. Just quit you’re annoying, nasty, unprofessional sob…
Gilbert and Leon Edwards is the fight to make.
Floyd basically made 3.5 cents whoopty-doo...
Wonderboy vs burns was the only boring fight on the card... Rest of the card was fire
Frigging retire  !
They shouldn’t interview a man who just broke his leg like that
I wonder if Aldo is getting himself mentally ready to ask for a rematch that it seems he turned down.
weak stoppage i would have ripped my foot off and fought on for the victory
Once again Karma prevails
Mcgregor completely embarrassed himself. Broken both physically and mentally. When his true character comes out it makes you think very differently about that rape incident
Conor is a had been ...whats going to break next on his weak ass body
If I point at a man, make a pistol with my hands and say I’ll kill you, they will take that a serious threat and I’ll be charged criminally by the police, but Connor could point at Dustin say that he will kill him after the fight was over and Dana white would treat him with honours, cops should’ve charged him with that type of threat
Conor McGregor (BREAKS) his silence????
Conner is such a Dbag, he didnt even think of that you need me line....straight off of scarface Al Pacino "you need people like me" such a phony on so many levels....hes done and will be remembered as a tool from most.....so he held 2 belts simultaneously Bj Penn was the first to do it in 2 divisions and at least he defended them win or lost but he did....MCNAPPER never even gave it thought ...not a mark of greatness.
Seems like Conor is prolly gonna retire. He is trying to get people to be ok with it with his post fight remarks and just overall attitude this fight.
The sport is better without Conner.
Continue to get beat up 👊
Word is Conor was at the Wynn limping around on crutches waiting for Jolene to show up to the after-party...
McGregor took some kind of stimulant before the fight.  He sounded like a crazed crackhead after the fight
No rematch Conor is over no one needs people like him.
Connor should just retire and focus on his recovery and health. Thats a long road to walk; literally. He needs to focus on walking again and being infection free. Big time high risk for that. Dustin should just take the high road and forgive the sour bastard. Connor is full of piss and vinegar right now…
Family! Nobody messes with family
Uncondition shins landing hard on decades long condition shines makes for breaks. Low calf kick is a damn good move but it can't be perfected in 5 months
Connor breaks silence? LoL
Sad how everyone turned on Conor after he broke his leg and now he crossed the line? Him throwing a trolly on a bus injuring people wasn't crossing the line but him spewing words after Dustin just mocked his signature strut walk and made a negative octagon interview about the man, give me a break people!
Hop a long Mcgregor
mcgregor need to retire nobody going pay good money to see his ass get beat every fucking match got damn dude
I'm a Dustin fan but he pulled a scumbag move hitting a downed( clearly broken leg ) 3 times and then mocked Connor , bitch move imo
Dustin: Imma be the bigger man and.... WALK AWAY.... walk away
You can absolutely have a fight finish that way. Everything that happens is part of the contest, coming in ready is part of the contest. If your body breaks, you lose, Mcgregor is done.
He isn’t the bad guy though.  The bad guy would be bones Jones.
McNuggets isn’t on Portiers level. Knock it off with the forced rematches. Get to the back, or the middle, of the line.
Portier's wife was flipping the bird  she is fair game
How is the wife trash talk a story? Why do people think she was getting into Conors DMs if it wasn't to trash talk him?
Toxic people get toxic results
Conor needs to stay away from dustin its not good for his health hes just not on dustins level anymore at least
This wasn’t even a fight just because he was better in the first round doesn’t mean he would have won the fight
BEST FINISH WAS 1ST FIGHT GUILATINE ROTATE OPPONENT HALF A TURN TO STANDING ON ONE LEG AND THE HEAD ALMOST COMES OFF .   LOTS TO SAY HERE -O'malley is a wimp wimp WIMP 181 punches didn't and couldn't knock out his opponent never seen anything so pathetic like that . won by stoppage with his opponent still moving forward and hands raised high FIGHTING POSITION  STOPPAGE WAS DUE TO IMPORTANT PEOPLE ABOUT LOSE ALOT OF MONEY -1000 !!! HERB DEAN WAS LIKELY TOLD TO STOP IT FOR THAT REASON . CONNOR SHOULD JUST WALK AWAY WITH HIS MIDDLE FINGER HELD HIGH A TRILOGY WON BY SELF INFLICTED FRACTURE STOPPAGE IS JUST THAT A HUMBLING OF THE FANS WITH CONNORS MIDDLE FINGER HELD HIGH IT DOESN'T GIVE DUSTIN BRAGGING RIGHTS THAT'S THE GREATEST MIDDLEFINGER OF ALL ESPECIALLY AFTER OLIVERA FINISHES POIRIER.I always remembered Dustin as an asshole people think that's changed ...assholes don't change however Connor making threats using words like kill and corpse isn't much better .
Conor's next fight is against CM PUNK !!!  And PUNK is favored !!!
Conor is not the same man, he doesn't train the same way, he doesn't fight like a free flowing fighter anymore. He's just trying to recapture a time that he had already put behind himself
You know your career is over if you are on the ground still talking crap and your opponents wife flipped you the bird.  Great win Dustin!
Congrats to Dustin, just a awesome fighter mcgregor beaten fair and square second time around obviously Dustin fights for the title but if mcgregor recovers he should not get the rematch immediately, he should earn the right to face Dustin or any other top ten ranked  lightweight, hasn't a good record at lightweight, disgusting talk lost all respect I had for mcgregor and I'm a fellow Irishman, disgraceful, Dana white should stop defending him at every opportunity no matter what he brings to the table, mcgregor def eating humble pie this evening, enjoy!!
I think the sport needs a Conor w khabib not fighting! Conor should heal first and start with smaller fights build his confidence up! He doesn’t need to go rt back into a fight with Dustin or diaz he needs to start small and win some fights as much as I love him as a competitor!
Having money and screaming doesn't make you right
Why is Burns getting so much hate ?
Dustin you the man
Dana white. “If Dustin beats Oliveria for the title his first defense will be against mcgregor. “
Give up the 👻👻
Conor needs to switch from whiskey to milk. Get that calcium up !
No more fight for the Irish guy  Conor Mc Greger ,  he is done ,  his leg broke  ,   that mean he have to retire.
Would love to see Conor vs Dustin 04 and Dana vs Oscar de la Weirdo 01 at the same card.
how many times does Dustin need to shut Conors mouth and why will it not stay shut? what a jackass.
Poirier " IDGAF what he said about my wife, he insulted me" lol such chivalry....
I can understand if Dustin knocked him out this fight people saying his career is over... but why is his career over from a fight he clearly didn’t lose due to poirier.
Someone tell these boys to start drinking their milk.
No body else gets opportunities like dans gives Conor
Conor have to earn to fight Dustin again check his rank bro 😂😂😂
MC gregor "sore loser" got what he deserved.Regardless of what mc gregor fans will say...Poirier was winning the first round...imagine if the opposite has happened,ppl will say MC gregor won because he is the best...whatever.
Conor and dustin in streetbeef. that would slap haha
I love connor lol - guy is fucking crazy... he should retire but I don't agree with that being a win Poirier.
The only thing Conor has left is his big fucking mouth. Why would anyone want to see Connie lose 3 straight to Dustin. Conor was GASSED 2 minutes into the fight and he's lucky the leg broke as Dustin would have KO'ED him the first 30 seconds of round 2. CONGRATS DUSTIN
He was going to get knocked out guaranteed, if they do it Poirier needs to ask for 200 mil or nothing at all. Bury McGregor's fight career right then and there.
McGregor needs to just retire he hasn't been the same since Khabib smashed his soul!!!!
Connor should definitely keep fighting.
Charles Olivera gonna put Dimond hot sauce on dustin and eat him for breakfast
Conor broke his leg on purpose to avoid a nasty KO.
all that alchohol is making connor's bones brittle
As much as I like Connor he's spent too much time partying in the last 3 years to be relevant again. His career may as well be over as he's not at the top of the food chain anymore and won't be ever again. Dustin is a far better fighter than the first fight, as he proved in the rematch.  I don't see any other outcome than Connor getting knocked out if / when they fight again.
I think he leaves it at that. That was a big win and he can retire on top and it will drive Conor crazy that he can't rematch Dustin or Khabib.
You’d think after multiple humiliating losses Connor would have gained a bit of humility. It’s like Dustin said, karma is a mirror.
Conor has become a living meme at this point. Money and fame got to him, could have been so much more accomplished
6 or 7 hits to back of the head, herb missed the nut shot on O'Malley opponent, mark Goddard lol ufc is getting sloopy as fuck and killing it, lol 😆👏😂
Connor should not even be ranked in the top 10. He loses more fights than he wins! Give Dustin his dues he whipped him! Connors trying to steal the show every time even when he loses. He’s a sore loser LOL
You need people like me so you can point your fingers and say that's the bad guy
5:18 his leg looks broke right there.. I just noticed that.
Conor McGregor is done he has permanently damaged himself his bone's are breaking. Him breaking his own ankle proves it. He is done!
O’Malley….eh
Connor was done since khabib outboxed him and outwrestled him. Now that his brittle legs have been exposed expect him to lose again and then retire.
They will fight again ! Why is everyone so surprised Conner was talking trash ,these guys are fighters they get paid to hurt each other physically and mentally ! Speedy recovery Conner !
I don't need to see another match?! I've seen enough. Conner is out of his league.
Conor showed his reality after the fight .. a Bum who will always be on trash talk goes wrong videos !!
goddamn man, he was just sleeping... Breaks silence ROFL
dana's cash cow got destroyed xD
He needs to retire he can't fight
At this point McGregor needs to retire. Hes got the money and doesn't have that hunger or aura anymore. Or start having him fight some of the lesser fighters and work his way back up. But he ain't at the level he used to be.
Maybe this stops the calf kick fad
Dana white is bullshit allredy giving Conor a rematch when Dustin becomes champion
Did you say TKO win by Porier ? Doctor stoppage, Doctor stoppage, Doctor stoppage, Doctor stoppage for FOOK SAKE
I feel like a non ufc fighter can beat connor if he doesnt get you in the first round and you take him down or rock him a few times he's gonna shoot for one and he sucks on the ground
Top of Forbes list to top of Bum list...
Conor was kicking like it has no Consequences.
“Scramble to his feet” my ass!!!! Herb  stood them up like a dunce
Karma keeps all the receipts and collects when you least expect it.
Conor: submission victories don't count Also Conor: attempts submission victory in first round
I’m sorry but that should be a NO CONTEST here was not defeated
So we have to take this to 5 fights? Cause if Connor wins the record will be 2-2! Biggest fight “tri”logy ever.
5:05 it was more of a rubber match for Conor 😅
Dustin “I’m not a Doctor” Poirier
2-1 after Dustin broke that leg.
Whoever fights Coner next just go for his legs... Guy has some damaged bones.
Conor: I see fragility  Conors Ankle: Who you talkin to bro?
Dustin is such a crybaby man, who cares? Have thicker skin my guy. I'm not even a Conor fan but my god the whole MMA community is flipping out over a bit of smack talk 😂
Every time conor losses Dana makes a rematch.when Anderson and Weidman broke there legs no talks of rematch.dana let it go
With Dana's response, sounds like Conor will get a title shot if Dustin wins the belt. SMH NO need for another fight. Dustin was dominating convincingly and absolutely no argument that Conor was still in it.
dustin is wrong, he fractured his leg at the face off on dana's belly
Wtf rematch ? Comon dana ,just kick MC chickenlegs out of UFC. Starting too look like a 🤡 show
"You need people like me." yeah about that.. I would rather watch people like Porier fight, because he knows how to respect others and in general seems like a humble dude. As far as the other guy.. jeez what a douche...
Connors losing it, his trash talk is gone, his heart is gone, his ankle is gone.
😂😂 conor dancing on the stretcher had me weak. And joe Rogan sitting next to him against the cage also 😂😂
Floyd 😆
Pure domination! But yeah let’s keep running it back. Smh
Dumbass reporter was like he fell from getting punched.
Dustin has  mcgregors number. I don’t see Connor winning.
Dustin, why give him more chances? Please, all of us have luck at some point in life. Learn from Khabib. The guy is not worth one more sweat drop of yours. Keep walking Champ… and remember that you can’t make a silk purse out of a sow’s ear…. Dogs will always bark… they don’t know any other way. God bless you man.
Dustin said it best, "He's a dirtbag!"
Connor : Daddy daddy I hate Justin I want another chance I want another fight I want it NOW …NOW PAPY DANA NOW I WANT IT NOW……..
After the Khabib fight he should've just aim for a trilogy vs nate, a fight vs tony and just retire and embrace the fact that their are more hungry fighter than him.. I don't think he has a chance against olivera, chandler, hollway, dos anjos...
The best strikes Burns landed were behind the head of Thompson at the end of the fight
Connor should do a couple celebrity boxing matches for $100000000 each then retire to the movies as a Guy Ritchie tough guy.
He was right about the stretcher but got mixed up who was leaving on it 😂😂😂😂😂😂
He needs to retire he will never be the old conner that's the thing getting old catches up to us
At this point MMA is better without him....Go hang  out with that has-been chick ronda Rousy on her farm
Let him keep fighting.. I love watching him getting his ass whooped especially after talking all kinds of shit 😂😆😝🤣lol
Red pantie Conor on his arse again 😂
One more fight with Connor and Dustin can retire a multi millionaire, and he deserves it, Dustin has paid his dues.
Absolutely not should Dustin fight Conor again... Conor needs to wrap up his other Trilogy and retire... Conor talking about how MMA "needs" him wtf... No Conor it does not even close to need you.
Conor broke it before he went to the ground what a warrior I’m back on the hype train
What was so magnificent about Gilbert's grappling bro. He just held him down and also Dustin din just dominate on ground but landed better punches also go check bro.
conor retirement  , oliveria retirement when e gets defeated by poirier
Dustin will have the belt when McGregor comes back so it be hard to give him a title fight his first fight back
Mystic Mac: "Leaving on a stretcher"  He predicts dees tings once again
Title: Conor breaks his silence after UFC 264 loss Me: he didn’t seem very silent during his post fight interview.
Now you can really see how classy Dustin wife is obviously for Connor to say the things he has said when he was trying to donate money to the charity she controls the books she controls Dustin people like this are disrespectful she flipped Connor off Connor blew up right back at Dustin to control his woman people today gets shot for this kind of bullshit look at the little boy that just passed for a woman just like this
Lmao McGregor sounds like Scarface.
Bro Conor still has a couple more good fights in him
It's Funny How Dustin Cried like a Baby about Conor Holding his Gloves. But Dustin illegally used the fence cheaters shouldn't whine about cheating!
Retire for his legacy’s sake.
Honestly i think the money got to connor he is a different person after the mayweather fight, and honestly im not a fan. Karma showed up last night he told dustin he would make him leave in a stretcher and well we all know what happend.....
Dustin did his this thing again, he's got nothing to prove. R1 was a 10-8.  Connors career on a stretcher.
"Mc Stretcher" should consider apologizing to absolutely everyone!
Imo as an Irishman and fan of conor, I think he needs to either retire or fight at a lower caliber of opponents until he gets a win or two under his belt again. mma evolves too quickly to be taking sustained periods away from the sport then jumping back in at the highest level. Even if the fight did make it to the second round, I dont think he was making it to the 3rd. Hopefully he makes a comeback but retiring at this stage would also be a credible choice
Conor: you need people like me. Dustin: I sure do keep beating that ass and getting pay.
Mystic Mac was right about someone going out on a stretcher 😂
Dana is a massive piece of fecal matter no matter how much money he makes
The fight didn't get finished?
Dana trying to give O’Malley the easiest fights possible and it takes him 3 rounds.
Dana cares about Dana and money. Douche
He spammed leg kicks
Rematch!
BooHoo it's a doctor stoppage  Conor  wouldn't  of continued does anyone remember him tapping from a neck crank when a real fighter would never tapout they would rather go out on their sword
I love McGregor but I tink this is it for him he had a good run but it’s over for Connor he will always be a legend
This title of the video is stupid. Any fighter breaks silence after a injury and loss. The fight did not continue soo a rematch will happen. This ruthless conor is better for entertainment. If he comes back and win the same people in the comments dissing him will be on his nob.
Dustin was talkin shit while he was down acting like Conor just started yelling at him for no reason. His wife flipped him off like she was pissed at conor for exposing their booty calls so hell yeah i would talk shit back. Everyone with this humble bullshit nobodies humble shits fake af.
McGregor need retired better he waste alot fan money buy paper view not even good fight but he just trash talk too much...
I swear yall talking about connor coming back. To fight who?? Anyone in that top 5 will absolutely kill connor.
since connor lost with khabib he ent the same fighter
Nobody's want Conor in this arena anymore..too much trash talk for nothing..
Dana and the ufc fans that push for Conor should be embarrassed. All the trash talk for years and always getting beat up. All the excuses for the man and his disgusting behavior. Or that like and need him to behave like a total Dbag. pathetic!!! But like Conor said after being beat up again. Some people need men like him. For all the Good ufc fans out their Conor can kick rocks! As far as should Dustin fight Conor again..joke! But for business purposes..totally see why Dustin would want to do it again....its a easy multi million dollar payday. And to humiliate Conor at the same time!!....hahahaha Great job Dustin and Congrats.
Pres Trump at the UFC with Dana  Front Row!  Crowd went Nuts! Sad thing about Conors leg..Don't wish that on upon anyone One or two more fight left in Conor.
Conor will fight for the title in 12 months
The less suga Sean talks the better he comes across as a idiot!
Leaving on a stretcher just like he said… of course we need you… you brings laughter to our life…
Free speech is important. But Deontay Wilder also has been very dark in his trash talk, saying he plans on putting Fury in a coffin. There needs to be some form of intervention when death threats are made. You can't go around saying you're going to kill someone. Normally threatening someone's life results in legal intervention, it's a form of assault. The UFC needs to make a statement that death threats are not appropriate, and fighters should consider the legal implications of their statements.
Dana wanted his golden ticket to win. If you noticed he totally dissed Dustin in the ring after the fight. Says a lot about his lack of character.
Dana said conner is getting surgery in the morning im pretty sure that's a lie think the swelling needs to go down before they can do surgery unless life/limb threatening
Ufc did him a disservice in a way.  Sure he earned all the money, but he also became delusional. They gave him all these opponent's that suited his style to build him up. And it was a perfectly orchistrated. He became a double champ. A should've never come back. Because he then faced the real deal and couldn't beat anyone, not even come close.  He's hissing at Dustin how he's going to kill him etc, yet he had a chance to do that like a minute ago, and couldn't do shit. It's not even that he's bad. He looked pretty much the same as in the Alvarez fight, but his style is so predictable. He goes head-hunting at first, if he doesn't knock you out, he gasses out and quits. And Dustin who isn't a wrestler at all took him down with ease. Took him down easier than Khabib. And he had no answer on the ground. Went for that desperate guillotine we all knew wasn't going to finish Dustin.  Then hold him for the glove cause he's out of options. That leg break was kinda a blessing in disguise. Because yet again he's got an excuse. Because if it wasn't for that injury, he would get finished early in the next round.  His whole window of opportunity is like the first minute of the fight. And Dustin took that away from him this time without wrestling, he just pressed forward and melted him.
I used to be a fan of Conor but no longer. He is a douche. Go Dustin !
Another rematch would suck, Dustin has Connors number and he doesn’t stand a chance anymore. I would have liked to see 5 rounds of Dustin whooping that @$$.
Connor should fight Diaz again for a 3rd time! Before he even gets considered for a 4TH fight vs Poirier
Dana only see's 💲💲💲 and conors trashing was actually real...even after the fight? Low life nasty bum
Dustin Poirier has grown big time since the first fight and will beat him again and again he is to much for McGregor.
"You need people like me so you can point your fucking finger and say "Look, there's the bad guy!"
Glad to see Dustin get the win, not the way I wanted but glad to see it none the less
Dustin didn’t win by TKO, he won by Doctor Stoppage!
eat your vegetables Nate Diaz voice
Conor McStretcher! 🤣 (1subbefore2022) 🤣
Dustin should move on to the next challenge and conor should have to fight and earn his rematch.
Lmao none of these Conor nut riders were talking shit before he lost lmao
i would have loved it if The ppl stopping Dustin, let him go walk over when Conor was threatening him haha on the floor broke foot
McGregor's a legend in his own mind... But he is now a has- been... Ever since he punched that old man in the bar with a sucker punch cuz he wouldn't drink his piece of s*** whiskey he's been cursed!!! Karma is a mother f*****
We don't need people like Conor anymore. We want to see fights and now talk. Dustin beat his 2 times in a row now. Sweet revenge. Conor is now 1 - 3 in the LW division
To be honest Dustin's wife is just annoying
Conors officially delusional.
Dustin “his mind games don’t get to me” Dustin “he said he was going to kill me 🥺”, I’m scared..
Imagine saying Conner should retire because  his ankle broke I don’t think he should it was so unfortunate No one thought of that.
Wasnt a tko dude stfu, haw u can tko a dude wht a broken leg
Dustin “you have zero chance” poirier
Mcgregor a bitch. Man was bleeding half way through the first round 😭😭😂
Conor “Chicken Legs” McGregor
Burns might have won but Argentina spanked Brazil in the Copa America on Brazilian soil.
I’m glad Conor finally broke his silence, we didn’t hear from him for a whole 10 hours
Dustin didn’t even win by tko
Fuk Dustin Poontang
Hang it up Connor your a has been who hasnt won fight since Obama president Dana fire him
McGregors annoying.. But how can Dustin actually count this as a win??? The fight was stopped. No knockout, no submission, no points. Nothing. REMATCH THIS SHIT
We need bum cheating dirtbags. Gotchya.
I don't want to see Conor get his ass beat again! He is finished!
Burns had the most boring fight ever
He should retire and just make whiskey
He should retire and just make whiskey
Conor said Dustin would leave on a stretcher. Well he got the stretcher bit right! Lol! 🤣  That's now 3-4 in his last 7 fights (1-3 in the Lightweight division) and gets his ass handed to him twice by Dustin. Anyone else with a record like that would be cut from the UFC.  Still continues with the trash talk after the fight. No class and as Dustin says he is a dirtbag.  There has been favouritism for Conor all throughout his career with the UFC picking and choosing his fights to make the most of their cash cow. But this isn't WWE. You can't fix fights and sooner or later you have to fight the top guys and that's when you get found out.
How it comes this bum won against wonderboy
HIS DONE
I think he should fight Jake Paul and cash the fuck out one more time. Cuz that’s about the only guy he’s gonna beat anymore lol
Thank you!
Connor gotta retire
Off course Tha isn't over till one knocks the other out
McGregor Would Have ONLY Got His Ass Beat IF THE FIGHT WERE TO HAVE CONTINUED!
We definitely need people to break their own legs for our entertainment
McCunter is a classless loser. MMA can do better by moving on from McCunter and promoting other fighters
Sck rematch 4 ...dustin for title shot not conor again..
Connor's done and finish.
We all know if it was the other way round, there aint no way in hell dustin getting that rematch? Examples? Aldo, Diaz... truly Poirer just got what he deserved (a fairly easy W) and like he said karma is legit a mirror.
Dustin only needs to work on his trash talk game.
He needs to retire he can't even stand on his own two feet.
I believe in Karma and karma is a big ole bitch .
He hasnt been the same since the floyd fight
Conor needs us we dont need him lmao
Sean O’Malley it the best unranked fighter in the UFC by far! He’s a fucking problem for anybody in his weight class.
Gilbert you forgot boring. Colby destroys you.
You need people like me so you can point your fucking fingers and say that’s the bad guy. Toni Montana. Conor is clearly hurting inside.
"Breaks silence".....its been less than 24 hours. Not much of a silence then, right?
My fooot was a bowl of jello!
Connor should just go to Bellator
McGregor has no respect, he’s a grub
Herb Dean is suspect for stopping fight with 30 seconds left . Someone had big money 💰 on it
dustin didnt dominate conor in that round lol, it was pretty close. dustin didnt even hit him when conor took the series of steps that lead to his calf breaking. fuck outta here
The plot thickens, Conor injured the leg on the push kick in the stare down.....
Weidman vs Silva ended that way and a title was exchanged...
Dustin didn’t win mcgregor just loss if that makes any sense
No
Public: pay your fighters Lord Dana: not a career, its a opportunity Conor: took the opportunity, made millions entertaining (talking shit) Fighters and the public: you're being mean, be nice. Lets be friends after giving each other brain trauma. Completely ignoring the fact hes selling the fight.
Conor is done let’s be real he doesn’t deserve a rematch with Dustin until he beats another lightweight contender cause that weight class is fucking stacked
The tide turned before the guillotine. Also Conor didn't scramble to get back up, Dustin let him. Get it right lads.
Honestly this is not looking good for Conor.  He will be out for at least another year and since he was already getting his ass kicked in this fight and on the decline, being out a whole year will make him even worse off.  He’s done.
It was a doctor stoppage
He needs to retire. He cant buy a W right now
I think while connor is wheelchair bound he should have to fight the old man he smacked in the pub
Conor switched up his style in there so much  that he lost himself imo. Couldve adapted without diverting so much from that natural flow hes known for. Like people rarely ever get stopped from calf kicks alone- i think he could've mixed it up and been effrctive without shifting his style so much around calf kick game. We can all agree conor is very skilled and even gifted in some ways.  However porrier has the perfect balance of heart and skill- made it dirty and brawly from the get, didn't let conor settle into his rhythm. I don't think conor has a vision clear enough right now to pull out the killer grit he had.   I think the game caught up with conor. He innovated at the start and was better than everyone else by a large margin, which also means he's injected his blueprint into the game, having been in the spotlight. Just how the cookie crumbles- 1 person every now and again in every sport/discipline breaks through the standard and makes magic, before others study that and eventually catch on. People caught on and porrier had years to try and find a counter measure, and did. Conor's bound to remain in the spotlight so let see if he can lock himself away and 'reinvent' himself and find a way to be effective again. And by that I mean conor 2.0, not conor who can't let his ego go, trying to forever find that Eddie performance again, which is at times what I felt he was doing and that perhaps contributed to the loss; It is hard to mentally recover from such an insane amount of world wide admiration in an instant. The catch is, confidence is not found, it is created. Dustins humility and grit is a better means to more confidence and so flow state, in there.  I think conors gotta die to his old self if he wants to CREATE magic once again.  As it stands, dustin is better imo, but conor is conor so let's see 👀🙏
bunch of casual fans you little rats! 🇨🇮
Don't ever be arrogant you are MC corner, Allah's reply is more powerful,
Floyd adding to his bank account
Conor is done for.  Hasn’t been relevant in a long time, and i dont see him having anything for any body in the top 5 at LW
It was one of the kicks which Diamond checked and break Conor’s Foot.
Retire Conor ur done plus u have no respect for women & people shame on u disrespectful to the mans wife
I like seeing Mc A-Hole loss but not like that!
Conor:- You need people like me  Masvidal:- Just one word Pussy 😤😂
No rematch , Dana wants it for money . Fuck off with that bull , sorry Silva didn't get a rematch after he broke his
Used to love conor. What a sad decline in his personality since his proper 12 venture. Hope he turns things around in his life bit never fights again.
Imagine being a zillionaire like Mayweather and only putting down 50k
Dana will give Conor unlimited rematches until he wins
it wasnt a tko finish it was a doctor stoppage
weak win....not worthy.....
I hope Poirier doesn’t give trashy mcgregor another chance to fight as that would piss him off more then anything.
Dana wants to turn Conor into the next Cerrone 😂😂 please feed him to Gaethje so he earns a title shot beforehand
Don't care who wins. I like violence between rivals.  Rematch immediately
Fook retirement he will be back
Connors done.
—"it is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich person to enter the Kingdom of God” aka PRIDE
You only bet 50k, doesn't scream confidence
Surely if an ankle breaks by no action from the opponent the fight must be a no contest?
Bs Dana didn’t hear it lol. Conor should retire or hes only going to get more bad karma coming his way. No we don’t need ppl like you. If he does come back cut the drugs and booze and put some real work in. Cause he’s a star he thinks he’s better than he really is. Reality doesn’t lie.
I don’t care to see McNugget anymore. But at the same time it never gets old to see him get an asswhoppin
whhoop dee doo. O'malley beat an unranked palooka who was too toughh for his own good. nothing to celebrate bro
Dom vs O'Malley! That I want to see
Ref should of just called the match off and declare no winner as truly no one won.
What a crazy night of fights. Wonderboy vs Burns was frustrating. It is hard to fight when someone just wants to hold you down and burn the clock. Burns knew if he tried to strike or go for a submission, Wonderboy would scramble to his feet. I wish the ref would gave Burns a warning or stood them up. Plus as the fight ended Burns landed hard illegal shots and nothing was said ( heck ref was 3 feet away too ).  O malley and Hardy fight was pretty awesome though. Hardy had the win and just rushed it and got caught. Kris Moutinho is a beast! I know that had to take O malley out of his game plan.  He got hit soooo many times but keep coming forward ( and talking crap lol ). That has to make you question yourself a little. These calf kicks and leg breaks are crazy. I m not a big McGregor fan but hate to see anyone get hurt like that. I hope he heals up and gets back to fighting mma.
Fuck MMA sick off seen these nasty ass injuries
Fuck Floyd Mayweather AKA Billy Ocean!
Connor’s finished as a fighter. No one likes 👍🏿 him in MMA any more. All the trash 🗑 talking Connor dose has started to work against him. I think very one goes for that leg when you fight Connor again . Money has softened him know and bad karma.Hitting old man and ladies as well. The cocaine and drinking dose not help .Peace.✊🏾🇬🇧
I am mad at Khabib for leaving the division to these losers. Excepting the current camp who he never beat This will be the third asterisk division in the UFC if Dustin gets the title. Sterling is an asterisk champ and so is Volkanovski. Sterling got his ass kicked and became champ and Volkanovski got the shit kicked out of him and kept the belt. Both are bullshit champs. Keep doing it like this and soon there will be no legit champs in the ufc anymore
If connor fights again, I would like to see Diaz and that also makes more sense, i dont know XD
HAVE to RUN IT BACK💯💯
There is no reason for a rematch, heu gotta stop giving Conor anytjing he wants he needs to work his way up like everyone else .    If he had to work up in the 155 division he probably wouldn’t make it that’s why they just let him hover at top
Dustin class act all the way.
I'll believe that's broken when I see the x-rays.. if that was broken like that he wouldn't have finished the round and certainly not be Interviewed in no pain... macquitter!!!
First Ronda Rousey now Conor McGregor UFC is notorious now for hyping up trash big mouth untalented fighters.
Dana vs Conor would be awesome
Dana white is Connors bitch! Poirier is a better fighter, better human being then Connor currently.
Hold up fighters threaten each other’s life’s all the time don’t they? During the lead up
McGregor is obviously overrated.  He has only won 2 fights at lightweight.   He can't fight guys his own size.  He isn't that good of a fighter if the guy isn't a little 135 pound featherweight lol he can cut 40 pounds and beat up little guys the size of my 12 year old son lol but he can't fight people his own size lol I'm 175 pounds and 5"11 like McGregor walking around in normal life...let me cut 40 pounds and go beat up Jose aldo at 5"6 135 pounds lol
he kicked a diamond what did he expect
Didn’t cruz call him out after his win??? Why he saying Cruz doesn’t wanna fight him ???
Screw Connor poor crybaby can’t always get his way
Personally, I don't give a damn about the rematch because it was pretty decisive before the leg break and Dustin has already beaten him twice! Time for Dustin to move on to the title shot and time for Connor to retire.
Conor is a shit human. At least respect others families even if you don't respect yours.  He also plays dirty, Cheat a**. Karma made him lose. Dustin deserves the win.
Dana White is füII of shjt
No way Connor didn’t even deserve this fight the guy hasn’t won a fight in a half a decade he’s got weak legs and a glass jaw
I've been a fan 2011s Fightville, Keep doing your thing young man. You made your mark in the sport the hard way, much respect!!!!
No way should there be a rematch, got his ass beat. Accept and move on dbag. Connor doesn’t deserve shit!
Dustin has conors number
Conors a bitch and got what he asked for!!!  Yay Dustin!!! Much deserved, Dustin!!
retire, he washed up. thug. sad  thou
For Mc chicken 🐔 fans keep that saying he was doing great  first 2 mins, cool then we need to make 1- new roles for him 5 rounds fight each round 30sec 😀 2- if coner lose by submission doesn’t count but but if he win by naked choke guilty then it will count 😀 I hope you will make feel now guys
Conor has lost it, he needs professional help, he should do what's best for himself and his family ... get help
Conor didn't scramble up, Dustin let him get up because conor was cheating. The ref should have penalyzed Conor then restarted the match with dustin on top without Conors fingers holding his gloves. Conor was getting his ass beat, and wanted out of the fight. Fook him forever. I hope Dustin takes a page out of Khabib's playbook and refuses to give Conor another fight because he is a despicable asshole thug.. He's Dana's cash cow, but Dana needs to pick another cash cow because lots of us don't give a fook about seeing Conor fight. He's done. He has been coddled long enough.
Connor was saved by his leg break. Dustin was beating the shit out of him .
Conor career as of late has been karmatic.  Maybe he should stop fighting and save the CTE that's coming his way.
McGregor was getting starched. Poirier looked  in peak physical condition. McGregor hit Poirier flush for the second fight in a row and had no effect. McGregor going for guillotines was an act of desperation and it could be seen on his face. No rematch is required as we have enough information about the outcome of a possible rematched rematched rematch.
DOCTOR STOPPEEEEGE!!!  DOOOOCTOOT STOPPEEEGE!!!
Money Mayweather won 35.7k on a 50k bet on Poirier. That is what the greatest combat sportsmen ever thinks of Conor. Then he went an blew it all in a strip club after.
I dnt like him anymore After that wife comment. Like imagine how conors wife feels
Conor, has 🐔🍗🍗
he's on the backside of his fighting game.
Too many brains cells got knocked out of Conners head. Conners idol Mayweather cashing in! His love is for money, and he'll never have as much as Mayweather! And I'm not even a Mayweather fan. Haha!! Grab a wheel chair conner!
I really hope Mc Mouth retires and I never have to see or hear his disrespectful over inflated but very fragile ego again , also he seems obsessed with Dustin's wife I wonder if she turned him down 🤷‍♂️
Burns lost a fan in me last night, boring performance where he did just enough to get the win.  then the back of the head strikes... dude straight up framed the back of wonderboys head with one hand and hit him in the back  of the head with the other 3-4 times. Intentionally throwing illegal shots at the end of the fight. Idk we stop fights for illegal knees but not intentional back of the head shots. Imagine how different the fight would be for wonderboy if he was aloud to hit the back of burns head the whole fight. Congrats burns you won the fight but lost a ton of fans. I hope burns does get the title fight against Usman so he can put him through a fucking blender.
Who got picked up on the stretcher not the diamond  but the Irish McGregor karma is a bitch
What did we learn?             TBE always wins.
In his last few fights, Conor has lost by Tap, Nap and now Snap
Dana’s constant kissing ass to Conor is annoying. I get he’s a cash cow for sure but damn man at least make him take a couple of fights and have to earn his way. The fight will sell with him on it regardless anyway
I could be wrong but I heard it sold 1.7 million pay-per-views.with # like that they'll let the Irish mouth do anything he wants
Does Connor feel any shame?? Obviously not 😂
Needs to run it back with Dustin
Mcgregor needs to finish this!
Not a massive Conner fan but I will give it Dustin, he was dominant early, he for sure depleted some of his gas tank during his ground work. I figured the fight was a wrap but Dustin allowed him up Conner looked fresh , very fast and his quick twitch was still at full bar it seemed. Dustin looked a little winded and they give one exchange and he breaks his leg.  Damn
Dana still trying to hold on to that Connor marketing product
Scarface👍
Lmao if connor would've won Dana wouldn't have said shit
"FUCK CONOR McGREGOR ! "
Connor is still the one ticket, he's charismatic, but shouldn't of said anything about family though!
You overestimate your importance. No fighter if bigger than the sport
Whats up with burns having so much energy in the last 10 seconds and using it to punch thompson in the back of the head
Trilogy may be over but the rivalry definitely isn’t. Dustin “won” but didn’t beat him
Connor = 🤡
Gimme a break with rematch crap.  Move on
This time it’s the stretcher next will be the coffin
100% need a rematch just to see who would win in broken bones especially like that is skilful as fuck but same time not what we want to see especially for a trilogy  The trash talk inside of Connor is dead and gone he has to force it so hard so his wife was all he had to use 🤣🤦‍♂️
Retire and Goooooo Away already all he has is a Big Mouth….
He should start fighting old guys in pubs now. What a useless human being.
Conner sucks! Stay retired. Only thing that does his fighting is his mouth! Haha!
Give Sean a title shot next
connor is done. old and rusted!!!!!
I think McGregor should retire or be smarter in the ring go for more submissions and if someone throws a kick he should catch the kick sometimes and actually put some punches in them but we know McGregor is more of a striker Dustin is a striker but also can get dirty on the ground
Conor isn't a role model unless you consider money #1 in your morals
Mcgregor was a superstar. Now he is a rude, overhyped bum.
Connor should retire  Previous fight were proven he's shit as fighter  His mouth is bigger then himself
Diamanté 💎
McGregor's done
Retire
Did anyone else notice the leg that he broke is the same one he tried sneaking that leg kick in the interviews in Karma
Rematch has to be done fight was 50 50 before Connor broke his ankle
Dana white said hard to be a savage when u sleep in silk sheets
You have all the money in the world and only bet $50k somebody broke
"I f*cked up.." - connor McGregor -
He should retire. He is nowhere near what he used to be and it's only going down hill.
Cody and Sean should fight. Cody is on the down part of his career and I doubt he has much left in the tank. If he can't be Sean then it's clear he needs to hang the gloves up.
Idk why ppl hating on Conor so much???
Dustin need to move on and fight for championship. Conor is finished
that McGregor 1 2 at the end of the Round  was  HEAVY ....that shot couldv  KO'd Dustin, fight wasn't over
I was a Burns fan but he does not understand the business side of MMA.  Winning isn't enough to make you a huge star. At least one part of your plan has to be entertaining to the casual fan. I'm not advocating for Conor or Colby level verbal diarrhea, just be interesting. Winning by decision with a controlling grappling game isn't gonna make a million plus people pay $75 bucks to see you. Those hammer fist to the back of the neck the last 5 seconds of round 3 were weak also.  I want that and the enthusiasm you showed after the fight during the fight.  It's so simple. You want my money then put on exiting fights and win or lose we'll pay to watch.
Conner is immature he got money and he think he can kill and do what he likes mur mur mur
Thompson and burns should have been 5 rounds
Connor breaks silence?? Lmao!! He's constantly crying and not silent. Now he's completely embarrassed
Dustin shouldn’t give Cornor a rematch now like Khabib.🤣🤣 Cornor doesn’t deserve it
He didn’t miss the punch. It landed and then he jumped back anticipating the low kick and rolled his ankle. But right when they broke the clinch Conor landed a HARD leg kick on Dustin. I think that fractured his leg then he punched jumped back and broke it
He need to retire
Dustin super classy with his post fight comments
Conor wanted out so bad he broke his ankle in half on purpose to get outta there! Crazy...
The complete meltdown of conor. 🤣 dustin killed him with kindness thats why he is so mad.
Give 2 fucks what Dana says he will immediately try to not pay Conner big money along with other fighters dude lives under paying everybody.
Connor always takes the shit talk too far! No respect for that man. Glad Dustin won!
Connor is a businessman, understand how the media works in n out and use it to boost each fight to the top. I am a church Pianist and can't understand that I keep on watching Connor fight. 😅 Prop to Dustin won the fight and Connor keep on fight with broken leg till the bell rang.
Conor doesn't deserve Dustin's time. He's beat him badly twice in 6 months. Turn the page, Conor needs to fight a lower ranked fighter because he just doesn't have it.
McGregor got what he wanted carried out on a stretcher
McGregor should come back and fight Nate, beat Nate then retire
Conor McGregor = Ronda Rousey
What is next for mcgegor? Fucking mcstretcher
No rematch needed.  The diamond proved it so.  Back to the bottom rung for Mystic crack.
The CIRCA Where mayweather bet on Dustin is a new casino in Vegas in downtown such a beautiful place has a four story tv to watch the fights.
Great respect
McGregor is a coward looser. What goes around comes around. He dosen't belive in karma, that's why he didn't learned anything from the past. Kabib f..ked him bad, than one time Poirier and now KARMA completed the job. ✌
Mcgregor is classless and deserves whatever he gets on the bad side
There will be no rematch
MCGREGOR SUCKS
Connor loss because of Karma....Karma is a real thing. This is Allah bringing karma to Connor. I will pray for this man to recover.
I am thrilled that Dustin can make a ton of cash to Do one more match with McStretcher.
Dana’s cash cow time is over
Connor is not interesting anymore. It s old, it s boring. Retire and enjoy the millions young man. Unless you want us to witness your fall... Be our guest.
He’s done! Mcgregor was getting beat up anyway his ankle saved him
Burns trash hugging legs
McGregor watching to much scar face . Mug . You need people like me . Off you go limping again .
TKO or doctor stoppage??
Lmao if this was a street fight he wound be talking shit
NO REMATCH POIRIER CLEARLY WON ..AGAIN. Macgregors career has been like Citizen Cain. Hes the modern day William Randolph Hearst . Instead of Rosebud hes screaming SHE S IN MY DMS !!! Sad
"He's going out on a stretcher"
Not that you will read this, but your title should be the first part of the video!!
Conors shit talking stopped being good/effective when he did it against khabib and now it’s just sad and comes off as trying to hard.
best 3 out of 5, no wait 4 out of 7, no wait, 5 out of 9...... XD
Why does Poirier fight again with McGregor. He has nothing to proove. If it's just for money then it's something else.
Mcgregor his time is over. Just retire
You need people like me! I think the movie Scarface has gone to his head!
There was nothing magnificent about Dilbert Burns. Dude is LAME. Layed on Wonderboy most of the fight. Dude needs to be put away for good. Dana agrees. Don't need another boring ass fighter
Conner has become a joke
Who wants rematch give a like here🙋
Yeah definitely got cracked
khabib beats all
So if he ends up getting the belt and McNuggets comes back when he has the belts, he gets a rematch. Makes a lot of sense.
"The fight didn't get finished"  Poirer checked his leg kick which started the fracture then worked him for nearly a full round. What the fuck else do you want from him? Its DONE.
Stop animal protein... Braking bones like that, it's not normal. Always showing off with big steak... Look the result. At this age, pretty sad.
The same leg or foot Conor tried to use to kick Dustin at the weigh ins is the same leg he broke in their fight! 🤔👀🤷🤯😎🥊😎🥊 I guess karma really is a bitch 🤷🥊🤷 and conor still wont of learnt a thing! Haa😂🤪🤪😂
If Mcgregor returns he shouldn't be fighting anyone in the top 5.
RETIRE!! ALL DONE.. Time to go back on the LUCKY CHARMS BOX!! MCGREGOR MARSHMALLOW👍👌🔥
@2:14 He should retire but won't!
Wrong - no one needs you - you are washed up. Done.
and before they fight on the sidewalk, DP will pray that Conor won't get hurt
Even If Conor didn't break his leg on a stronger boned man, he was still getting dominated. Then to threaten a man's life and insult his family (in public even worse)..... Conor acted like a good man and offered to donate money to a actual good man (Poirier). Then when he lost and changed his mind set his path to be the liar and villain. I guess he didn't remember what the whiplash was from threatening Khabib's life and insulting his family (Becoming a trend). He should not be allowed to represent the UFC anymore. The UFC is professional sport that takes self control as well good spirit. Don't keep hitting the opponent when you know the opponent is out cold. Threatening life of another fighter and insulting their families or race. Showing respect to the other fighter win or lose. The more of this shown the more respect for the fighter in my opinion.
Pride cometh before the fall-
I don’t like to say what he should do but… he’s not as dominant as he was, he’ll fall out of shape more while the ankle mends… add more time on top of that to get back into fighting shape… if he does come back it should first be a tune-up fight against a lower-ranked opponent IMO.
I wanna see Mcnuggets flatliners again hell yeah. Talk shit get hit.
No for me on a 4th fight, I feel that Dustin would have ko’ed him in the second.
McGregor leaves on a stretcher, coincidence? Lol i like the guy but that trash talk was abit to much. Bit off more than he can chew
For the millions Connor made for that fight I’ll take a broken leg
Idk how a corner can just sit there watch there bro be punching bag
Sorry connor , but death threats . You have become not what mma is about , get your shit together or get out .
So say goodnight to the bad guy  You'll never see another bad guy like me
Dustin will kick his ass again.
Watch for Proper 12...now with calcium.
All those folks paid good money for this and Conner breaks his leg early in the fight, bummer for sure.
"I cant 'stand' another moment in this octagon with Poirier" - McGregor
Danas golden goose should retire or sew his big mouth shut before the next fight.
Conor brings too much negativity and drags UFC at times to unnecessarily dangerous places.  It's time Dana stops thinking about $$ and drops Conor so that UFC moves away from becoming WWE style ridiculousness.  Martial arts is about respect, Conor has done much to take it away from that.  If I was Poirier, I'd move on and refuse a rematch, nothing else to prove against McGregor.
"Karma's not a bitch, she's a mirror. I beat the guy." - El Diamante
People say khabib finished conor off,I actually thought in the lead up to the khabib fight he wasn't the same he's been done for a long time,there's no hunger or commitment since he became loaded,stick to business conor.
It wasnt a tko it was doctor stoppage.
Blue lips
I think McGregor should just accept that he lost. Even if his leg wouldn't have given up... he didn't stand a chance.   The man is desperate for his UFC career that he doesn't want to end like this, he's not the legend he once was, the legend he wants to be remembered as.   You can tell that he's desperate. He's trying to be the old Conor, the cocky Conor. But the old Conor is no more. Accept it, just retire before you make it even worse for yourself. This is not doing any good for his legacy.  Also, he didn't learn. He tired himself out in the first round as usual. And attempting a choke on Poirier? What was he thinking?! These fighters now know Conors tricks, and he's using the same ones every time. If you want to win from Conor you just gotta survive the first couple of rounds, and he becomes a sack of potatoes.
Floyd ended Mactapper’s career
Connor deserves everything happened to him am happy for him😂..a man who talk about wives, killing n religion is coward disgrace.. did y'all notice even His hardcore fans didn't chant for him on the stretcher On his way out!!
Poirier is gracious in Victor. Very mature compared to McGregor who never would afford Poirier the same courtesy.
I feel like Connor is done. I’m not a Connor fan but I do like watching him fight. At least he keeps it interesting. He has stepped over the line though. Talking about someone’s wife is complete disrespect. He makes true enemies everywhere he goes and eventually karma catches up to you. I’m happy for Dustin and really hopes he becomes the next lightweight champ and I hope he does get another crack at Connor so he can whoop his ass again and get paid in the process!
Conor fans:  Conor Dominated the fight  Reality:  Conor dominated Dustin's fist with his face
Rubber match, rubber leg 🍗
The funny part is he was still talking like he is the one who was winning. Hahaha  This guy is something else.
“Karma isn’t a bitch she is a mirror!” ~Dustin Poirier
Mcgee is finished. If he's smart he will use this as an out
Conor needs to start fighting  15-20 Lower level Fighters . He doesn’t deserve to fight any of the top 10 contenders . Nothing but excuses again and again .
Tony Montana: You need people like me.  Tony's mom: You were a bum then, and you're a bum now.
Conor should keep fighting. I want to see his continued trash talk until everyone shuts him up by KO'ing him.
The meme wrote itself on this one.
Dustins twice the man Conor is.
Conor is destroying what legacy he has left. He is a complete disgrace to the sport. Trash talk or not he isn’t beating Dustin on any night. Would love to see Dustin take home the belt.
Khabib said it best, good defeating evil.
yes, one more time
Next fight... McGregor vs. The guy in a Pink Suit
Dana: I didn’t hear Connor talking shit after the fight …. Wtf?
I’m surprised the judges didn’t give O’Malley’s opponent the win, after all that guy blocked all of O’Malley’s shots with his face.
Fock the rematch that disrespectful, delusional cock does not deserve it.  Let him enjoy all his millions and piss off.  If he stays more and more fighters will wreck him.
they have to fight again!
Jolie shooting Conor the finger doesn"t make her look too classy. I know she was emotional but damn, not a good look for a wife.
God is gracious to the humble and rebukes the proud.  Connor needs to dig deep and apologize to Dustin.  He knows he was wrong.  You don't act like that, but the money must be getting to his head.  Honestly i thought he was changing for the better and i still see hope.  Really respect Dustin for his composure.  He is definitely a much more disciplined fighter and man in general.  Many blessings to him.
Needs to Retire.
What's next for Conor Mcnugget. The lionasa Amanda Nunes hahahahaahahahahahaahahhahaaa
Poul Logan next
I wanna see conor back and fighting again but the Dustin fight no. He's gonna prove himself again after 2 in row and a questionable fight with Donald.   I wanna see conor loose again. Cause there's nothing more satisfying in the ufc than watching conor fail and throw a fit afterwards
He should retire he was going to get pounded out
This was a brand new Connor attempting to resemble the previous Connor while highlighting the real Connor's true colors. I would bet that a lot of common/poor folks who become wealthy, seemingly overnight, would be some of the world's biggest a-holes. I mean, who hasn't imagined that after receiving crappy customer service, to then buy the company just to fire somebody (rhetorical)
Whether it’s the octagon or the sidewalk he says
Great to see a great fighter like Dustin destroy a thug like Connor. Why would American people boo their own man. Connor is not a true martial artist he has no honour talks trash about opponents family, religion and just low life behaviour , I would be ashamed to be in this man's corner.
it swelled up like a BALLOON LOL........
conner got what he deserved...
I just don't understand how it's A TK O victory when he broke his leg the he  the doctor stopped it  It wasn't like Dustin knocked him out or anything
Conor vs Dustin 4  This is not fight this is accident
Perfect scenario for ufc is Dustin vs oliveira and Dustin wins mcgregor vs Diaz and mcgregor wins ,,,, they do the 4 for that title ..
Have no idea how burns won , I guess a take down takes away 10 clean shots
Truth is, Conor really just wants to fight Dustin's wife.  Might actually be an easier fight for him...... might!
Just curious why Shawn O'Malley is not asking for the Chito Vera rematch....hmmm
THEY FIXED THIS FOR MCGREGOR... DANA MAD AS HELL... HE WAS GOING TO WIN IN THE 3RD ROUND
Gonner McLegger!
He's the Ricardo mayorga of mma, talks, talks, talks, lose, lose, lose That simple
Let’s go #4.  I wana see Conor loose again.
I've been knowing about Dustin since I first started watching the UFC in 2010 but I've never had so much respect for him as I do now and leading up to that fight. Guys pure fucking class. In victory and defeat.
Bones break when twisted.
Why is everyone reporting that Connor stepped back on his ankle and broke it?! It's his tibia. And! No one breaks their tibia just stepping back on their ankle. Clearly he sustained damage to to the tibia that lead to the break. I don't understand why no one is giving Porier credit for checking leg kicks. Which likely caused the initial fracture. Even if Porier didn't check any leg kicks. Porier still took Connors legs out the 1st fight. Which made Connor want to return the favor this fight. In fact if you look at the fight. You'll see that Connor implemented Porier's strategy against Porier from their 1st fight. But that just made it easier for Porier to implement what Connors strategy was their 1st fight. Which was to outbox. Either way Porier was dominating. And Porier's toughness created a lose lose situation for Connor in both fights.
Of course they need to do it again, Dustin didn't win anything.
Connor shouldn't come out of retirement , just recover from the injury en leave the octagon ✌🏾
Conor outstruck Dustin and landed more significant strikes. He wasn't dominated at all. 10 10 rnd.  Or 10 9 conor. This channel is poorly managed
No
He's such a draw. If he wants to fight...sure. Realistically...he's finished as a contender.
Dana only knows the names of his cash cows.. Poriel... 😂😂😂😂😂
Why do people like this fat journalist,?  He thinks a rematch should be made based on the rivalry not being over.  You don’t book matches because two children are angry with each other.  All these nerds are about emotion and drama, can’t fight a lick.
I'm a true believer. Karma is a bitch.
nah, to be honest we need less people like Conor, he is nor what he used to be 8 years ago
Sometimes the good guy wins.  Conor is trump style sh*tbird.
It’s over Dustin will fight for a belt Connor is washed.
lol how does this warrant a rematch? Connor got messed up the first first and even worst the 2nd
Retire.
Good ol Conor Mcsnapper
Sometimes the reporting is so bad...porier did not dominate that fight and if you watch the replay mcgregor broke his own shin...im not a mcgregor fan but these are facts
Conor should have to fight gathje to get to porrier again
Just one more time. No make that one more time. That didn't work, just one more time. lol
How the fuck if Dustin wins the belt Conor gets an immediate title shot. He will ruin the lightweight division if he happens to beat Dustin. He won't defend the belt and just run to box. So fucking stupid
Sorry mayweather comes on I'm off what a tool.
Hatred isn’t a good look on Conor. I don’t understand how his diehard fans are ok with that toxic bs. It’s gross and sad
Whoever fights McGregor next, you know where those low kicks are going.
Mc Gregor backed so hard he snapped his ankle lol
Have another fight after Dustin is champ. That way he can officially once and for all retire big mouth. You are done Connor. Can't say I will miss you.
McGregor is 19-2 now
Khabib aftermath
Dana belly:1 Conner:0
Moi fut was a balleun!
None need to see a rematch between Poirier and this dude. He lost his mind long time ago. If only he didn't broke his leg so he could get beat up a little more, just to see him shut his mouth. Much respect for Dustin, i am not a huge fan of him but he does it the right way. Oh, we absolutly don't need you, Mcgregor, it's a waste of time for everybody.
You can't call holding and powder punches great grappling shit was boring 😴
Connor told Dustin he would leave on a stretcher. Haaaaa haaaaa Connor was clearly getting his ass handed to him, he lost there's no need for another beatdown
$50,000 was a tiny bet for mayweather
They Will keep fighting till mc gregor win
The sabor toothed crotch cricket leaves on a stretcher, hilarious!
Conor is gonna (should) be out for at least a year.  It's over.
McGregor’s coach: Break a leg out there! 🤙 *Aftermath McGregor’s coach: not literally
People like him? Insecure rats who try their best to intimidate someone by talking about their wife and saying you're gonna kill them... yeah we need that so bad...  Go box someone maybe they need people like that in their sport...
Clearly porier is better no point to fight again
He should drink more milk 🥛
Let the little man ride off over the rainbow on a leprechaun and into retirement. I’m sick of him being as mean and rude as he can just to get more ppv buys and Dana loves it, the money that it
Dana stop promoting...trash talker
Mcgregor should've kept fighting! That ankle snap was nothing!
I don't see the check
Floyd wasnt to confident betting on Dustin if only bet that lil bit of cash
Who cares what anyone says win or lose without Mcgregor the sport will never be the same. Hate or love him, the excitement he brings will never be matched. Congrats to Dustin but this is not how a trilogy should end. This has to be settled. There’s too much ifs and buts.
As the Bible says: Pride goes before destruction.
Conor is a real shit..
UFC does not need Conor , promise you if he never fights again the UFC will be just fine. Rematch with Dustin i say NO WAY have him fight his way back to the belt or Dustin, Justin or Tony or JDS i dont care who but he need to start to win before getting a shot at the belt or Dustin.
WWE for McGregor
The Ultimate revenge for Dustin is to win the title then retire. Give Conor the Khabib treatment
Burns was such a boring fight. Just another usman over here. Dudes just wana hug the whole time! I know burns is better then this
Don't wanna see another McGregor vs Dustin .. the 3 fights were good but imo  there's no point to another one yeah McGregor broke his leg but he was getting worked so yeah
When you ain't sure on how to throw leg kicks just yet 😂
Conor was having great success chopping the legs, but even had he not snapped his, Dustin once again, weathered his sprint, and settled in for the marathon. If you think Conor was gonna sustain that sort of speed and explosiveness, after that grappling exchange, enough to take out Dustin, who thrives in wars of attrition, then I’m sorry, but you’re in denial.
McGregor has lost the plot He needs to shut up and retire
Conor  has 100s of millions of dollars he does it because he enjoys it
I wantcto see conor dustin 4, and nate conor 3. Watch conor fold 2 more times.
Dana really thinks he's gana return.... Conor really thinks he's gana get a  rematch SMFH 😶
No one like conor
Continue fighting without doubt everyone wants the king back...!
Conor is not human seriously, whole world surprised cornor still want to fight with broken leg and he was dancing on stretcher seriously that why he is number one fighter in the world
PEOPLE. Sean ain't being a bitch no ranked fighters will accept a match agaisnt him. Either he dosent fight at all or he fights whoever they offer him!! Yall dumb mofos!!
🤣🤣🤣he breaks silence, when did he shut up
Looks like Dustin won more than just the UFC fight.  Cannot buy class
Mc gregor pretends that his legs broken To avoid been murdered in the second round😂😂😂😂😂
Connor will keep trash talking and fighting as long as he can keep cashing in.  It's how he makes those millions.
Class act Dustin.
Continue fighting...
Conor vs Poirier 4
To plays devils advocate in what world would we ever suggest that a 32 yr old healthy fighter should retire ? It's like people want him to fail and whether Connor says things that may provoke emotional responses from insecure men the hate comes from jealousy 🤣 it's sad. SHOUT OUT MY BOY BAM BAM the real GOAT 🐐 hahaha
Conor vs gaethji
When he scrambled to his feet? Lol
That would of been dope if Dustin kicked his other leg causing Conor to put more wight on his snapped leg. 🍗 Woulda loved to see his leg snap right OFFFFFFFF
Conor should retire .. His not the greatest any more .. Just a conor mc strecher
Dustin now has the most KO’s and most Red Panty Nights in LW history.
Dustin is a role model.
The WWE needs clowns like him and Colby. The world heard him clearly when Khabib was mauling him, "it's just business". The day he snuck an old man at a bar and still didn't drop him was the beginning of his end.
A rematch? Are you kidding
Brutal karma in Conor person, ruined his sports career with drugs, now he tries to reclaim since it became boring for sure. But all the negativity and personal trashtalks make him bad sportsmanship.
hes leg got snapped like a twig😂 serves him right for being to cocky and disrespectful
Putting a side the money, fame, etc.. Conor is being a very bad influence to his wife and kids and to the young men in the game that want to be like him. If I was Dustin, I wouldn't fight Conor again, it's not worth it, if you like at the moral and ethic side of it. Dustin doesn't have nothing to prove, he beat him twice already. Props to Khabib who didn't want to fight Conor again because he was submitted by him and because there is alot of bad vibes surrounding Conor. Not worth it..
We dont need bums like conor
Why would people hate on Gilbert. His best chance of winning that fight was grappling. He did what he needed to do
Conor's continued 💩 talk after he broke his leg followed by the scarface quote is legendary 😅
Ref should have let Poirier finish him off with some ground and pound. Conor didn't break his ankle. Poirier broke Coners leg with a check.
Retire….better option
“Family has nothing to do with it” have you seen fast 9??? Family is everything
I thought conor was bad loser talking smack about Jolie but then saw the whole pic of her flipping him off. ...fair play...was she asking for it. ..be a girl or get treated like  another guy.
You need people like me lol straight up Scarface line
Wonder boy vs Burns sucked. Sucks seeing grapplers just control people instead of actually going for a submission or finish. Oh and then using a bunch of illegal back of the head strikes at the end.
He needs to retire and move on and just keep making his money
I don’t think burns has a chance for a title he got dominated by usman easily and layed and prayed for a UD
Conor needs to stick to sucker punching 70 year olds in bars.
The story of McCracker and the forced retirement...
If Conor stands any shot of getting the belt, the guy needs a "tune up" fight. You cannot throw him back in there with Dustin right away. The fuel that got McGregor to the race is going to cause the crash that finishes him: pride.
Dana: a fight can’t end like this.  Also Dana: *won’t feed O’Malley to Chito Vera again*
If Dustin wins the belt, Connor has no chance of a rematch. He is gonna have to work his way to Poierer
Dana: Family has nothing to do with it.  Dom: Family has everything to do with it!!!
He needs to retire he will never get another belt he will be champ no more!!!
The fight, and Conor, defintely got finished
I don't care for Floyd but that was pretty funny and cold at the same time.
Breaking news ......
love Dustin. rooted for him on this fight. even gained more respect after the post-fight speech/press. But why are you praying that both of you get out of there safe? Just don't fight. It's prize fighting. The only good that comes out of it is to make rich people richer, and blood thirsty people orgasm. Maybe if you're lucky, some true martial artist would appreciate it.
i love Conor and what he did for this sport....but Dustin is a superior fighter right now...no doubt about it
Conor Shouldn't  get a rematch  if dustin beats olivera
Time for Dustin to go for the belt and not worry about another Conor fight. Wish Conor the best in his recovery.
He needs some milk. 🎈 🦶
No rematch no one fights the same guy 4 times
Conor McHas-been....proving to be just a little man, with a big mouth.....hope he learns a much need lesson from this.
They trying hard to pave the way for O'Malley and McGregor
Dustin improved his game, even Khabib improved his boxing, but Conor never did. He did not even improved his trash talking, he even made some nasty comments about someone's wife. That is pure insecurity. The show's finally over.
Surgery in the morning. American hospitals sure sucks!
Conor sounded like a leprechaun stuck in a trap.
We better get a Connor vs Dustin 4
That's not a TKO, that's a doctor stoppage, so Mayweather can suck it
All I got to say is if they give Connor a championship fight after all these losses I've completely lost all faith in UFC rankings
Anyone who says this wasn’t still a W is an idiot. Literally happened in the last 7 seconds of a dominant round. Dustin had dudes ear leaking an all. Not to mention he pointed at his leg after McGregor kicked his knee with all his might.
O'Malley will lose his next fight💯
Surprised Floyd didn’t bet 500,000
Connor considering that 23 bucks yet?
Umar nurmagomedov vs Sean 0 malley
I think what happened was Conor got his ear drum ruptured by Dustin which ultimately caused balance issues when he stood back up and led to him stepping on his own ankle.
“ you done son” talk 2 damn much
Connor is finished,he was great ,one of the best,just like mike tyson start talking bad about everyone getting older,start losing everyones respect for the greatness,Time to  retire as a rich man.Keep the fans ,he has,if not going to lose fans and fights.
Dustin beat Conor last time. This time he not only beat him, he got rid of Conor for us.
Yes it has to happen again
Conor looked like the sad one until Poor Yay said it's not over.  They are both showing to be on a similar petty level.
NO ! The world needs less people like you, Conor ! If its true what Dusty said about Conor "he was acting like he was holding a gun to his head saying I'm a dead man"  straight up scumbag. At this point just wish conor would go away, his attitude, the way he carries himself, its just disgusting to watch anymore. Money can buy a whole lot of things... but it can never buy class.
All those thai kickboxers start training their legs when their small children, the work tirelessly at strengthening the bone to withstand powerful kicks like the low kick. All the mma guys deciding they will just start throwing these kicks without the years of conditioning the bones to take it is leading to all these cracked legs.
Mcgregor is mad man he doesn't know what he is talking about mad player
Didn’t mcgregor said he was going to send Dustin on a gurney? I guess he predicted his own destiny.
This press conference was painful.....MMA press is the dumbest on the planet........Except the guy in the pink suit
No need for Conor crap !!!!    Done deal
If connor wasnt so cocky people would like him 🤣
I think that he  was hurting with his leg and all and anger got the best of Him that made him say those tjngs, you said you prays before every fight,  so pray that everything will be ok with Him, and that you Guys can go towards a healthy rematch in the future.....Yep that's what I think...✌
That’s what happens when you get smoke blowing up your ass so much that’s your head gets too big. Connors a fucking joke of a person and a fighter 💯 🤣
When Conors shtick is underlined by bitterness instead of superiority it will lose its appeal and become uncomfortable. And I think thats whats happening and that that will mean the end of the Conor era...
You can’t have a fight finish that way lol BMF Diaz gets dumped on and all ready talking rematch for Connor
They should have a best of 5
Mcgregor needs to move down to 45, he doesn't have as much power and speed at 55. The 55ers are to durable for him.
This battle didn't come to a proper end. To be fair. Nobody lost, nobody won.
Dana: *"Conor Will Get Rematch"*  **Conor Loses Rematch*  Dana: *"Hold On, I'm Crying Brother"*
Somewhere khabib saying, his foot was a balloon.  😭😭
If he broke his leg from Poirier checking his kick, that’s part of the fight.  He got injured and lost.  Shouldn’t be a rematch.  When Silva broke his leg after 2nd fight with wideman, no rematch.   The rivalry is over. Dustin won
Nobody comes back from those leg breaks to be dominant
If they do a rematch, all he has to do is an ankle lock and twist that baby off like a bottle cap, lol
If they rematch and Conor wins will Dustin get another rematch?
Conor just made himself look really bad how he acted before and after
You don't need to be great fighter to make bank nowadays. McGregor will come back will lose again and will make more money than everyone lmao... That's a good life.
so if they fight again and conor wins they'd have to do it a 5th time? lol thats a little ridiculous
Oh jesus ..if Conor wins the 4th fight it's 2-2 and there'll most likely be another one😑😂
Conor will fight again for sure. He won't accept that as the conclusion
Conor should stop arguing, he doesn't have a leg to stand on.
How many rematches does he get
Anyone else think it was a little dirty Dustin just rushed him when he went down? Kinda fucked
Conor been away for so long his bone is in different level of the tops 5 lw, if he want to continue fighting should start to climb up form lower ranking like top15 or something get some punched and kicked let the body tune up, or retire, fighting with tops 5 guy now is like get himself to get murder in the ring.
I said he would retire ....first he sleeps now he has his own personal bed to lay on
with all that connor went through since 2016.. Ronda Drousys exit from mma has aged way better than connors career
Hey u need villain in every movies... No batman without joker.. to be honest the ultimate prize of win over mcg is the rematch..
What Dustin fights for the title so if he wins, that means that conor will get a rematch for the title after getting smashed again, ridiculous conor is finished
Sean doesn’t realize what an accomplishment his opponent did by staying in there for three rounds on 11 days notice, and continually coming forward…  He can’t fight but he sure has heart!
Strecher for who? Damn that ankle.
Only fight McSnapper should get is the Diaz trilogy. Then retire. He sucks. I’ve said it a million times.
In O'Malley defense there was a couple tweets of him calling out for Peter Yan in July but was refused as Yan stated he has other priorities at the moment. So he has tried however the frequency of his efforts are what I'm unsure about.
Scrambled/ cheated and got stood up by a blind/crooked ref Same difference/ thing
Conor will only be in celebrity fake fights moving forward!! Fk off Dana, and conor
He’s done
Time to retire connor. Nobody wants to hear you constantly slagging another mans wife! RIP your career you finished!
Wait till u get opiate addict conor after the surgery. You think he wildin out now, just wait till he cant put the opiates down after surgery.
I don't think he has a genuine title run in him, but he's 32 why are we acting like Conor needs to retire and not milk the UFC for hundreds of millions? He will fill stadiums until he stops fighting
Yo Conor should have to earn this rematch. Like Conor vs Tony  or vs Justin that way it’s not just non stop fighting porier
It may have been a crappy finish to the fight but let's face it Dustin would've knocked him out again had the leg break not happened.  They will fight again and Dustin will starch him.  The McGregor era has ended.  He gave us some exciting fights though.Time for a new era.
I said Conor should have retired after he beat Eddie…  he had nothing else to prove, he has tons of money & fame. Now the twilight of his mma career is looking rather bleak, not very encouraging or hopeful at all.
Yes we need people like Connie, they’re our laughing stocks😂😂
If connor keep fighting he will keep losing...maybe switch to WWE for strecher match🤣
Conors wife vs Dustins wife…book it Dana!
Conor should have done do or die in that exchange fists or should have played tactical game.
Just to clarify: Conor has a lower tibia break, not the ankle. Dana announced this at the post fight presser.
McGregor is finished that leg will never heal properly
So he kicked Dana and Poirier at the presser, then broke his ankle o.0
Breaks silence? What silence did he break? He ran his mouth nonstop with a broken leg in the cage. Words mean things. Learn to use them.
Sean calling all these fighters but takes someone who’s making a debut 11 days notice
Conor "spetic peg" McGregor
The funniest part was how amped Gilbert Burns was after hugging Wonderboy for 3 rounds.
Does Diaz get a re-match with masvidal then, and with conor, I doubt it coz conor has had preferential treatment since forever by Dana, also the whole U.F.C and Dana was to blame for the whole Khabib thing. Conor has now had his re-match and Lost, end of story, It is now beginning to get ridiculous. Dustin said "Karma is a mirror" too true Dustin. Conor has bad energy , thats what having, Every material wealth, gets you, good luck on that path conor, you are adding to a toxic outlook for all the young people wanting to emulate you. Much like the local drug dealers do to the kids on council estates near to me in the North west of England. There is still time to change, look at what Dustins doing with his "Good fight foundation" Like Dustin said, when you were holding his glove illegally, which he had, had enough of telling Herb Dean about, and stood up, and then"Karma" comes into play, and you brake your foot on Dustins leg, Dustin Knew straight away something was wrong, thats why he poited at it. Conor did exactly the same when he fought Khabib, and Herb Dean did nothing then either ?  Hope your proud of yourself Herb Dean ? Love and light ! People, lets stick together during these times of universal deceit, and "In doctor nation" #1❤️  and  ✌️ in the middle east !
Conor, you're done. Go sell some whiskey!
I think it was that kick he threw in the face offs/ press conference 🤣 held together till the fight just enough
Conor was getting beat up and was saved by the injury! He isn't beating DP so no need for a 4th fight smh
Shoot.  It seems Conors in his head.  He found a button with that murder comment.
Jake Paul offering the sleepy Conor chain to Dustin is funny AF - lol
Conor is done.
oh yeah?  well...conor  isn't dead,and  i  can say that a lot of people  are  VERY  VERY  happy with the outcome...if  only  this injury could  put an end to his  career,that would  be the  cherry on the cake
That was an early stoppage. Mcstretcher was about to end poirier with the extremely difficult "crane kick" he learned  from some little Chinese bloke that was waxing his car
Once again rematch cornor and Dustin....
Connors done bruh he ain’t won shit recently lol
The Joker has been humbled
Rumors are that McGreggor is into opiods.  Opiod addiction can increase the risk of fractures.
Connor loosing his head!!!! .. congrats to Dustin !!!
Sean O'Malley is Doo Doo
Man not gonna lie I wasn’t the biggest Connor fan but people are talking about he doesn’t have the fire in him anymore. He fought till the bell rang after snapping his freaking leg. Literally snapped it in half and still was talking shit. That man is full of fire. He’s tough as hell you can’t deny that. He’s a great fighter also. He just peaked early. Dude will be back for sure. I believe him now. I really do think he just loves the game.
Been using that boxing stance too much lost the strength in that ankle
When Habib and Dustin fought I had anxiety because they're both my top 2, kind of glad Khabib retired now I can enjoy Dustin's rise to the belt more. The guy is a man's man.
"Scrambled to his feet" I think what you mean is, Dustin let him up because Conor literally had 3 fingers inside his glove, as he did against Khabib when he was getting pounded on the ground
Can't wait to see O'Malley knocked out cold
That's a wrap for Conor
Conor say how Karma 🤔 is a mirror 🪞 classic quote Dustin Poirier
They need people like him?  Cool I can be a delusional degenerate and lose fights for a few  million dollars, I'll fill in why you Motrin your ankle.
Fook retirement
Poirier just ended conor's career, i wish he will never come back
Tony vs Conor both on losing streak
Conor should fight other fighters to be a real contender before facing dustin again, I don't wish him to retire just yet
Retire retire retire for the love of God retire we are so past you
Conor is done - he should call anderson silva
The left leg is essential for the left hand power since he pops with it. It’s over
Fucking dirty ass shit!! Conor didn't lose anything.....his leg broke...should've been a no contest!!!!
Priori is a good person and I love him. Salute to his mentality
I dont want to see a rematch Mcnugget is done.
Yeah, Mcgregor is fast and can punch hard. Doesn't change the fact that he's a dipshit. Never liked his little high school persona. Running around stealing shit. Calling ppl names. Found it annoying and made him look like a nasty prick.  It worked for awhile I suppose.
The little leprechaun should have learned after the fight with Khabib to keep his mouth shut. The fear he once held over people is gone. Ripped from him the night Diaz beat him. The last couple of fights he's the one on the mat bleeding and broken.
Dustin smashed him. Retire
Notorious is done....thanks for the memories. It's over son.
I lost all respect for McGregor.
Conor should be done, most people lose two in a row get released. Just saying
So you basically have to sacrifice your ears 👂 in this sport 😂😂😂 coz godamn them mfs messed up 😂
McGregor took two L last night. One from Dustin and one from Dustins husband giving him the🖕🏻while he was talking $hit.
Conor who?? That punk is finished
🤡💩🥃💔
"...so we can point our finger and say, LOOK THAT'S THE FAKKING CLASS-CLOWN 🤡"
Conor should fight...That’s a doctor stoppage...
Connor was never any good on top… he was his best when on the journey, climbing his way. Maybe now that he’s back on the bottom looking at 12 months of recovery he’ll find himself again. Congratts dustin diamond 💎 on the big win! Go home and spend time wit the fam. I know you’ll do good things with the money
Esta acabado Mcgregor lol
Really he didn’t give Silvia a rematch after he broke his leg dana gives Connor anything he wants I swear
He will rule UFC again. I am 100% sure!
Cornor should keep the game spirit, otherwise, I don't see any reason why they should discontinue. It's a game, shouldn't personalise by both.
you don't break a leg just if you step back, McChicken is a loser
R U sick? dont put the leg picture so much in the vid
Another classic line stolen from Tony Montana. You need ppl like me "SCARFACE"
What fucking silence was he breaking 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂he always yeps.
You cant hate on Dustin's class act...connor is still entertaining though lol
Conor actually NEEDS to fight lower ranked fighters for his own sake. No way can he goof around and take all that time off MMA like he did and expect to still be on the same level as the top guys in the division without putting that time back in.
Conor was completely disrespectful but all of you on here saying he got what he deserved are no better. like Dustin said...Karma's a mirror,  you would all be good to remember that.
Thanks for letting us know you're not a doctor Dustin. I actually thought you might have got degree in your spare time considering how perfect you are.
Mcgregor is a bum. 😝
The ufc should cut him. It’s supposed to be the elite
Suga show needs to be ranked dude clearly dominates what he’s been fighting
It amazes me how people post there bets that win as if there some sort of expert that never loses. Post all your bets Floyd.
If you don't want to see legs break like that Fighters need to stop throwing without setting it up. You see all those crazy videos of Muay thai fighters hitting knees, shin, elbows. That's not you. Those guys trained since they were babies and as they got older the bones thicken and they develop pain tolerance to that. Conor and many UFC fighters picked up MMA in their early 20s. You can't be throwing Muay thai kicks like that and expect not to be added in the statistic of broken legs.
No changes gonna happen. McGregor still gonna get whooping in 4th fight with Dustin
The "Cash Cow" is done!
Dana "we'll see how it plays out, I dont know" White
Dana says "Rematch"...Dustin said, "Hell No....ain't Fight that looser dumb ass for Quatro..
Apart from Connor's psychic ability, nothing else seems to work as it used to 🤣🤣
look how many petty little shits talking all kind of shit now just because he broke his ankle , come on Poiriers didnt win by point knockout etc a broken frigging ankle , just an fyi P was talking about Conors wife too they both assholes conor just show it while Poirie hide it behind the sweet boy attitude and everyone eat it raw , he just as disrespectful as Conor
Khabib retired after defeating all top dogs in his weight division. Conor will retire after being defeated by all top dogs.
I'm a big fan of McGregor but that was not it man, old Conor died in the ring.
4th fight is pointless hes not going to win and it would be a year at least. Too much other talent to see he's done and has been done. MMA and fans need to move on. Dudes trash aswell fooook hem.
I wonder if Conor McGregor will win while Biden is president cause he sure didn't while Trump was in office
Cry cry cry cry cry Dana White
He's okay with people insulting his wife but don't say your gonna murder HIM???  I'm the opposite, say what you want about me but my wife.....oh it would be on!!!
Nate Diaz is the biggest loser in this one
the steroids and drugs make the bones weaker than they should be
Conor should retire. He’s the class clown now
damn only won 35k on a 50k bet lol
Ankle braces or wrapped ankles should be a requirement because $70 to watch it end like that is bullshit!!!!! 3 times already!!!
Dana, it's cause he hasn't been fighting... No it's cause you hand picked his opponents. You made him a champ. Dustin, Nate, over the hill Aldo, and and over the hill Cowboy. He is a one round knock out guy with no stamina or ground game.
Win or loss, O’malley is bringing in eyeballs. He might as well lean into the villain role, since most people wanna see him lose. I think this controversy actually helps his cause. Herb has been very inconsistent since the Max vs. Kattar fight.
@ 2:15!!! Connor leaving on a stretcher?!!!   I thought it was gonna be all the way around!!!  ahahha
Scrambled to his feet? Dustin let him up bro quit lying!
Conor is out forever spaghetti legs
How hot is Dustins wife 👌🏻
Good thing mcnugget got some whips cause his lamborfeetys goin into the shop for awhile.. Sucks he got hurt, glad he lost prolly woulda took worse damage DP was gonna walk the dog on his arse
Mystic Mac has become frailer than the old men he targets in a pub.
Well done Ireland, raised a fine young gentleman.
I’d blame the nutritionists. We need to drink cow milk
this leg is fucked for ever
Dana is will do anything in his power to make sure connor gets that belt lmao
Dana: we'll have a rematch till my baby boy beats the Diamond...
sucked in mcbitch lost the trilogy enjoy that snapped leg
Who actually put 50k on, to win 30k?? That’s addiction. No one bets that way surely?
Watch Dustin Win the title and they give Conor a title shot after 2 losses🤦🏻‍♂️ needs to fight Nate. Know he’s not gonna want to fight in the top 5 or even 10
This guy said Dustin was going out on a stretcher and his bum a-- was carried out. Losers with credibility suck.
Dana lost a load of money by betting on this leprechaun conor😂🤣😂🤣..leprechaun just got humiliated, and thats a good thing.
McTapout is a douche    A douche then and now
So he didn’t break his silence.....only his leg!
Rematch at 170 to keep things fresh. Porier wanted to have the 3rd at 170 and McGregor said he likes fighting at 170 but denied that option. So for a FOURTH match they should move weight
Is it possible for Floyd to talk about anything else besides money
Rob would fuck Sean up 😂 anyone with good boxing technique would do Sean dirty.
Why do people keep saying his ankle broke? Shin is not ankle..
IT'S THE MCGREGOR CRASH & BURN ERA. RIP
Connor is a gatekeeper now.  Top 5 fighter, sure... top 3?  Never again.
Breaks silence? He's never shut the f*ck up since lol
He will definitely return. he won't let dustin go like that. He took it very personal.
mcgregor should fight someone lower in the rankings he doesnt deserve a fight against a top contender...hes not a top contender anymore he shouldfight hes way up oh and conor is very overrated
Burns will not will the title and Connor is done but again another UFC i have made money on
Burns said it about Leon. Fights like that wont earn you a title.shot 🤷
He gets knocked out cold not enough, he breaks his leg on a check not enough, the MMA game is a spoiled child at this point. Nothing is ever enough.
Leon edwards is nr1 contender
How is it a tko loss when you break your own leg??? Dudes get a cut over their eye and it's an doctor stoppage. I'd be saying the same for Dustin so relax fanboys
He should compete, but just be humble and respectful
I’m gonna mail Conor some calcium gummies. That Proper 12 got him a little brittle.
Please don't call him "the Irishman"  He is such an embarrassment. He doesn't deserve to be called that. Scotland can have him if they want him, haha they probably don't and I can't blame them. Maybe the English might take him?
Conors a bully once everyone stands up too him he crumbles and throws his toys out of the pram been that way his whole lifr
Dustin cheated he holding the cage with his toes
The only thing I can come up with is that fighters are getting better at checking leg kicks. Fighters take note, the game changes once again.
Connor/Dustin is done. Dana is milking this . Greedy bald head.
Checked leg kicks broke his leg...not to mention he was loosing . Soo good to see this shit head loose after talking about Dustin's wife and all the other crap. His prediction was right about the stretcher,  so nice to see it was his ass on it and not Dustin's.
Sugar Ray Robinson had to beat Jake Lamotta 4 times just to avenge 1 loss. The Dustin Conor quadrilogy is starting to look like that.
Conor has won 1 fight since 2016 and is still the biggest draw and highest paid fighter in the UFC...shit's crazy! I'd love to see a fourth fight or better yet, a 3rd fight with Diaz but I think Conor is done after this though!
Fact that conor always behaving like a dustbin. Speaking trash and disrespect opponents.   At the end he always losses against them First khabib now dustin
Conor looked like a 3 year old throwing a tantrum. You're sitting on your bum with a broken leg, stfu with the "this ain't over" noise. He's beat you twice, get over it.
Who needs Conor when we have O’mally now!
Is it me or the Mcgregor train hype is over. This dude had a great run but the last few fights was just terrible. Trashtalking someone's wife is just a low blow.
Conner is done.  He'll become more and more irrelevant as time marches on and he doesn't evolve and put in the work.  The ugly and repugnant character is off-putting as well and I see him being less celebrated and fading away.  He's a turd of a person and no,  MMA doesn't "need" him.
Conor McGregor is still a beast
Lier he saw it was broken and pounced and pounced at hi, while he knew full well it’s broken
Connor should retire
Connor🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣💩💩💩💩💩💩🤣😅😅🤣😅😅😅😅 its over for you.
No Conor, it's you need the people, they're the one paying not the other way round
I hate being part of making Conner any more money. Many times in the past, he has commented on what fools we are for doing so. So I usually try to not chip in to his success. Especially after he attacked Kahibib’s father like he did, slapping an old man at a bar, bus attack, you name it.  But after the nasty things he said about Dustin’s wife, it was worth every penny to see him crying and riding the stretcher out of the octagon as he predicted for Dustin. And Dana’s “don’t make fights on fight night” ignoring the incredible beat down Dustin did and talking rematch is stupid to most true fans. Conner got his kick checked which for sure cracked his shin, then got his butt handed to him by Dustin. He got tagged and was on the way down again when it snapped and he already had that look of defeat he gets when he knows it’s over. Dana is just drooling and doing all he can to setup a Khabib vs. Conner super fight. But I think Conner is done and won’t come back, until he is broke and has no choice. He is just embarrassing himself now!
Conor realized a long time ago the key to combat sports marketing was to be loved, either people love to see you win or they love to see you lose. He also showed how hard it is the reach to financial goal and stay on top in the cage. Unfortunately, he's going to find out that key only works when you're winning
Conor done the damage to his foot on Dana’s ribs
Duh they should fight again. It was 1 round and a frak accident. I lost all respect for Dustin because he thinks he actually beat him. A real fighter wouldn't take a win like that. Look at Uriah Hall and you will see class.
I give Connor shit but yesterday was disappointing on both ends. Dustin didn't get to prove he won and Connor actually didn't lose, he might of lost round 1 but not the fight
Conor is done. He ll retire in a week r 2....
Conor needs to go find himself.
He looks like an old grandad with his mouth open 😆
Conor didn't break silence...Conor never was silent. He's a big mouth buffoon. Dirtbag. He thinks this raises his stock, not in my eyes. I won't even pay to see him beat...I just don't like him. Now, I might with a third try at Nate but that's because I'll pay for all Nate's fights but other than that I don't want my money going in Conor's pocket. Booo. And he's wrong...we don't need people like him...he needs to keep telling himself that to live with himself.
McChicken is getting fragile 😆
Conor been drinking and taking drugs a little to much the last years. But the most destructive drug is himself. His too high on himself. Dustin wins 10/10
Mcnugget is a muppet deserves everything he gets
Always being a connor fan, But I believe that injury will finish his career, and the trash talk is unacceptable... Gutted on both counts.. Dustin is a great fighter no doubt
Burns another jock sniffer put him up against a striker it’s not even a fight
Conor´s done and his trash talk has become annoying, disrespectful and cheap. He should focus on family and business and forget about fighting.
Dont understand why ufc always side with mcgregor. He such a bad mouth person, should let him go to boxing
Conor will be back
Same leg got broken as he kicked dustin on face off
Conor should continue to fight so other fighters can make money off him. Its all his good for.
Rematch? Again? It's like uploading the same YouTube video again and again till it becomes a hit. Move on already!
We can hate on Conor as much as we want...and he certainly deserves it..but he is a cash cow for the UFC. Notice his whisky ads..and in the build up to this fight..look at how the story was playing out...so many reruns..catering completely to him...the narrative was being set up for a victory...now..the narrative will be for some sort of rematch after this nonsense dies down. Mcgregor does not seem to accept he no longer is the man he once was...and he will continue to talk trash....and get some fights.
*Connor Mcstrecher*
Breaks silence?...lol, it was less than 24 hours ago.
Let justin finish connor off. Would love to see that brutality.
Dana only doing the rematch because Conor broke his leg dusty didn't beat Conor
conor is cringe AF.
imagine you actually still talk trash about someone's family after you break your own leg.
quick professional video. nice.
dana won't stop making this fight until conor wins!!! gotdaamnnnnn
The headline should read, Connor keeps blabbing after ufc fight.
Connors done now for sure! spaghetti leg was no joke hell be on a podcast with Anderson silver and criss weidman soon 💀
What did he say about his wife ?
Retire Conor maybe you will go to WWE
McChicken vs Diaz 3! Ur stupid Dana!
Connor Rousey is 1-7 since 2016… Dead Horse.. 😂
Conor"The Stretcher"McGregor
Justin solid like diamond.
He weakened his leg on the kick he threw at press conference
Breaks silence? It literally just happened last night. 😂😂😂
I like Conor but he should retire
Conor would be a dummy to retire now too much money too be made Conor made another $100+ Million tonight!
Good Lord O'malley, Yan will flatten you dude.
Connor was a good fighter but his attitude and talking abt ppls personal ur done 😡
Conor didn't get back up. Dustin let him up.
Release him but unfortunately Conor is Dana,s boss.
GTFO of our sport Mac, yer washed up! Thanks for the memories tho…
No Dana, we don’t need to see that again. Stop being a Conor softie, there’s only ever been trilogies. If Conor wants a 4th fight he needs to work his way back up the ranks to the belt like everybody else. Conor’s skills are no longer special
Dustins a Christian God is on his side
Fanboy!!!The man was a Fanboy!!!
Please not a 4th one I rather see them try to make the khabib vs tony
Dustin was whoopin that boy
What goes after trilogy? Fourlogy?😂
6:31 coming from a guy who for a stupid kid who can’t fight no more who can’t through  right punch anymore at this point you’re not a Boxer any more you only made a bet because you’re losing money to pay your rent
McTapper needs to retire, or fight washed up unranked fighters in the weight class. He is not going to beat anyone in top 5.
conor should fight lower ranked fighters. It doesn't seem fair that dustin is fighting more, taking damage from top ranked fighters, and conor gets to heal up and have a rematch? No. Also, not interested in the drama, like the media is.
Oh yeah we're going to give Connor as many rematches does he need until he wins this fight
Conor fans be like; Conor is a beast and undefeated when he don’t talk about wife’s
on one of the streaming sites last night two hours before the fight one kept saying the bout was canceled due to Connor breaking his ankle and then it really fucking would love to know who made that comment because they are damn psychic
Connor should go into kickboxing or boxing 🥊.
ONaggy should of got a UD victory. Kris head was too hard. Lol. Punk should be grateful 4 TKO gift.
This dudes a supposed mma reporter and doesnt even know the correct result of the main event. It wasnt a tko by dustin poirier. it was a doctor stoppage.
CONNER MCSTRECHER
Conor will spend the upcoming months reflecting on his words and performance. He stooped to new lows, attempted to cheat, and left on a stretcher. This will eat him alive. If he tries to forget, he will have a daily reminder through his leg pain. No amount of money or booze in the world is going to take the sting out of the karmic reality he created for himself. He's not coming back to fight anyone ever again. ALso, LOL @ Sean still not accepting his loss.
Ye let yourself down bad Connor, you should keep your mouth shut when things don't go your way, it's embarrassing to watch you last night, it's time to sail off into the sunset on your big boat and enjoy your money.
McGregor is a DISGRACE.  He's pickled his brain on that rot-gut.
Don't you have to be quiet for a minute before you can "break your silence"?
He’s done…been done, finally done
We need people like Mcstretcher so we can point our fingers and say, “That’s the bad guy.”
Connor would have a better chance in bare knuckle fighting
Long time Connor fan here. I lost so much respect for him last night. Laying there with a broken leg in complete shock and denial his mask came off and I saw ALOT of nasty out of his soul.
No rematch with Poiriea. If there is a rematch for Conor it would be with Nate and after what happened, I would favorite Nate even though I think Nate suck.
Connor is finished  Let’s move on
That card was number 1 bullshit
I think they should definitely fight again even if you hate Conor or love Conor the way the fight ended  is a fluke type of thing and had many rounds left that many different things could of happened for either fighters
Conner Mcbrittle deserved that !....now i hope his big mouth country man Tyson Fury is next!
Gilbert Burns is a class act
Dana didn’t really care what Connor said lol
Everytime I make a bet the other person wins.  The first time I bet on conor he lost. And the only time i forgot to bet he wins with cowboy.
Regardless of the outcome of this fight, or any future fight, Conor McGregor is still a bigger draw than any fighter signed to the UFC. Conor could be rank 10th, fight the 12th rank guy at 155lb  and pull a bigger paycheck than the guy wearing the gold strap.   Dustin Poirier is a great fighter and he deserves a title shot. He should have been champion already(not interim champion), but there is more to the sport that fighting and Dustin is just another boring fighter.
Well its a 💰 fight but Dustin should fight for gold if he wins .. Conor should earn the shot not given if he lose then do whatever
Once a quitter always a quiter!!! First one to shoot is a bitch THATS WHY CONOR WAS THE FIRST ONE TO SHOOT!!! remember when conor said if I broke a limb I would keep fighting lol! Conor made a career out of fighting smaller guys n once he made it to his weigh class he has had loss after loss! He hasn't won since OBAMA WAS IN OFFICE!!!!!!!!
Bye Bye Mcchiken
I think it's the Irish man continues fighting he need humble himself
I'm not interested in a fourth matchup with these two. It's pretty clear who is the better Mixed Martial Artist.
Conor is not an all time great fighter but he is one of the, if not the greatest ever self -promoter!
Dana's biych boi lost! His career is over....y is Connor treated differently as compared to Tony Ferguson, Justin Gathea....and others?
That heel turn wasnt good for him. Nice humble conor is a good man.
The old Conner would have ripped his leg off and beat him with it. This is not the old Conner.
I don't like CM anymore. He showed his true colors
Not Mcgregor the fast , Mcgregor The Boneless 🤡
Imagine losing to the person 3 times in a row
Conor overrated af... Conartist CryBaby Mcgregor.  Man has the skills of a journeyman but the luck of a leprechaun.  Breaks leg loses fight still goes on crying its pathetic i hope nate wins the rubber match and retires this fool.
Conor McGregor  never silent
it's odd that Dustin cares absolutely ZERO about Conor calling his a wife a "little hoe" and saying she wants to see his dick, but he's going to fight Conor again because he mentioned "murder." That's so freakin' backwards.
Dustbin trashed him.
Before the fight he lost you could tell in the pre fight press conference, i guess from now on you will only see him do exhibition fights with  d grade celebrities like Jake Paul, or Orlando brown.
Connor McGregor to Connor McAnkle to Connor Mcstretcher
Conor should go live on a deserted island for the rest of his days.He should use his time by kicking banana trees to strengthen his leg. Oh and personally,if I was Dustin,and Conor came grovelling for a rematch, I'd tell him bollox.
Coke Bones
Cmon your wife flipped him off whole he was down.We don't know what's actually been SAID behind the curtain.Ssying he's going to murder you is meant as a metaphor.smh.
Please retire Conner, this was supposed to be the end of Conor McGregor if he loses and he lost. I don't want to see a rematch I want to see him disappear
No rematch until Conner earns it.
Looking forward to McGregor Mendes 2
Conor is a narcissistic egoist and simply doesn't understand how he has come up short as of late. I previously put him in the same boat as Rousey, I still stand by that.
Dana: "I'll give Conor 10 rematches, until he proves he can beat Dustin! But we'll see what happens!"
Conor before fighting Dustin is leaving on a stretcher mystic mack leaves on stretcher
whos giving connor the finger
What are you guys talking about this was extremely satisfying there was no way Conor was winning that fight, this is probably the best outcome he could have
Oh the irony as McNuggets kicks at Dustin with left leg and ends up breaking his own leg . Happy trails fool .
Conor is still 19-1
Green haired dude needs a boxing coach. His hands are up most of the time but punches still got through. It's basically useless. Thank God for that granite chin
Connor should fight Nate for the RMF (Retire Motherfucker) Belt
If conor returns, as soon as he is hit with a low kick, he is done.
Attacks Khabib’s wife: Suffocated Attacks Dustin’s husband:  Shattered
Dustin. Didnt beat him. So yes a rematch is a must if conor wants it.
Conor vs Jake Paul next
He needs to just box.
McGregor is done. Will never be the same, I bet he will definitely lose to Nate, make that trilogy happen
This clown tried to kick Dustin during face off, then talks all that rude shit about his wife, says Dustin will leave on a stretcher, then cheating in the octagon putting his fingers inside the gloves, immediately after breaks his leg... He got exactly what he deserved.
Dp wants money so he'll go for another fight against McGregor... Rivalry + money  One arrow 2 targets. Btw nothing against McGregor and dp
does cutting weight affect the bones strength ?? its kinda weird thats coming often,, or maybe some new generation nutrition supplements?
The same leg he kicked Dustin with at the weigh ins is the one he broke
Poirier won that fight regardless of the broken leg!!! Even if that didn’t happen to Conor he still would’ve lost!!! I don’t know why they’re saying Burns did so well, he held Wonderboy down and did almost nothing. That kind of win needs to stop!!! If you get a takedown you gotta make something of it. Look at the difference between Burns taking Thompson down and Poirier when he took McGregor down, big difference!!!
I just struggle to listen to Dana white talk he is bias and makes his own rules to siute conor
He didn’t scramble to his feet, Dustin stood it up cause he was grabbing the inside of his wrist tape. Get your facts right.
Retire bud. Either that or earn your way to title shot which wouldn’t happen. Retire and enjoy your cash.
I don understand y people love talking abt Connor.. Connor s no more like b4.. Connor era s over.. plz leave Connor alone..
It's sad to see conor look like this.. Even a guy like Tony who is considered mentally ill by many is humble in his losses... And conor just can't take iy
Hell Nooooooo
Stop showing the fucking ankle break 😤
Connor is an asshole and definitly not a model of sportsmanship. Still he is one of the most exciting fighters to watch. Guess we do need people like him to provide some controversy...
Dustin was giving him that WORK  before  the ankle break
He didn't break his ankle dumb dumbs
Connor has 0 chance to win any hipotetical rematch.....this rivalry is over, DP is the BEST FIGHTER.
✒︎ ✑ ✒︎ ✑ ✈︎ ✒︎ ✑ ✒︎   "i have an army" - "ill kill you"
Karma
Dustin dressing like Tommy Vercetti vice city @face off
I’m Irish and cant stand conor anymore
It was the shin bone that breaks not the ankle
RETIRE YOU BUM!!!!
The person who made this video has it all mixed up
I like that Dustin basically states that there is a higher chance of someone dying inside the octagon than his wife cheating on him
No need for a fourth fight between dustin and conor. Conor's realistic chance of winning against any opponent is knocking out such opponent in the first round while not getting taken down, and getting into his opponent's head long before the fight. These won't happen against dustin. His trash talk did not make dustin fight recklessly, instead, it gave him extra motivation. Dustin is well rounded and highly skilled enough not to get knocked out in the first round while dishing out his own attacks. Conor never really worked on his weaknesses- cardio and ground game. Had he improved on these, he may have a chance against Dustin but I don't see him improving.
Nate and Dustin would both bust him now he isn't punchy.just doesn't move like he used to, It's over Conor isn't winning a fourth😂
Last fight of Conor. Farewell.
If Dustin wins the belt mcgregor needs to fight his way up fuck all that personal stuff it’s about the ranks and who deserves to fight for the belt. The man hasn’t won so stop giving him opportunities he hasn’t earned.
Connor is done for had a Britney Spears melt down in the octagon
Uncle Fester what a liar he said that s*** over the PA and a microphone you damn well you know you heard it
Retire
Dustin could have easily stomp on that broken leg.
Burns vs Edwards for who fights the winner of Usman and Covington. Edwards should get the fight anyway, but they need to make fights. Masvidal and Diaz will be better placed in money fights with ppl they have bad blood with; for the time being atleast - in my opinion. Curious what ppl think should happen within that division; both for the sake of making fights that people deserve and making fights that make the most money for the business.
It's a celebration! It's red stretcher night in Vegas baby!
Dustin already retired Conor
Fuck a rematch, he needs to win a couple fights before a rematch.
Imagin being a conor fan right now lol
So he lost three fights and he should retire now?? Everybody talking shit woulda bin suckin em off if he won..im sayin diaz triology
Who went out on a stretcher lol !!! God dont even like conor ! Trash
Stretcher Mcgregor
there's video evidence now it was damaged by a checked kick ...why would Dustin lie in the first place ..he gets biggest checks when fighting this guy
Conor is trash of a man
Conors the new Nate Diaz 😂😂
Font vs O’ Malley 🔥
Conner is a weak gazelle.
Don't need Conor.
Magnificent grappling showcase….. All he did was just hold him down and throw short shitty punches.
Fk mcstretcher.. a joker, can't win fights, talk about people's wife's, deserves the pain deserves the he'll he's in now, fk him ,,HE WAS LOSING THE FIGHT,
mal perdedor......
Dustin didnt win
Gilbert Burns is not entertaining. Wonderboy wasn't scratched either. Hard to give points based on humping a dude longer.
Lol “breaks silence” he wasn’t silent a moment after the fight. Click bait title
Dustin needs that rerun, he didn't get to put it on McGregor the way he wanted to. He wanted to truly hurt Conor this fight
I like dustin
Connor should continue to fight, I love watching him getting his Ass Kicked! Tapping machine
Mcgregor only won 1 of his last 4 fights. 5 if you include Mayweather. He should just retire.
With such a performance there is no way he wins against Usman
Conor probably go for Cowboy rematch or even that Moutinho kid ? Yeah know something he could possibly win .
Conor Mcgregor :"Your going to need a stretcher, But not for you"
McGregor vs Aldo 2 at 155
Connor is done, no one who breaks their leg like that ever becomes champ again. No one! We are only going to pay to see him get beat up. It's over, flush the toilet on Connor.
If Poirier gets a title shot, wins, and Dana lets Connor challenge him for the title itll be the most ridiculous thing ever. The Rivilary is done, he got pounded in round 1.
Without him this really whole thing sucks
Let’s keep given Connor rematches until he wins! Aldo didn’t get a rematch! Thank you Dustin! Love it!
It's not over but it should be conor lost simple dana poirier will do his thing till conor ready ready for what sick of hiss bs
FOOK the McGregors
The guy who used to call his fights early in his career said he was gonna check the kick and leave Dustin on a stretcher. This is the end of his career. Full circle.
The post fight interview with conor  gave me vibes of the training day scene with alonso when ethan hawk (Dustin) stops him getting away with the money and the crowd turn against alonso
The hair cut embedded curse strike again
Nobody won the fight!!!
Stfu Dilbert you beat a 40 year old guy past his prime you hardly did anything  and couldn't stop a old skinny man
Connors best years in MMA are behind him.
I'd be silent anesthetized, too.
Mc sleeper we dont need the loser
Conor is crazy like vetori.
The same leg Mc Gregor tried disrespecting Dustin Porier during the faceoff broke. Karma baby .
“You need people Like me” I dig it. He def makes that sport better
Dana Pink has lost his fucking mind....
McGregor should stop his ufc career. He's done, he's good for nothing
Karma is so sweet! McStretcher is so evil that his bones gave up on him. "My tibula is a little rat! Shut ur fcuking mouth tibula bone" lols 😆
Looser conor 👎
Conor will be lucky if he can walk normal and not be gimpy.
The diamond doesnt need to make a career out of whopping notorious ass
McGregor vs Ferguson
Conor "Tony Montana" Mcgregor
In the words of Conor McGregor after nates fight ..."Fook leg kicks"
Retire
Josh Thomson and Big John said it perfectly on their podcast, Conor should only want to fight Nick Diaz in a Trilogy if he wants to come back at all. Anything else doesn`t make sense anymore.
Good will always win and prevail over evil.
Mma would be great without conor imagine him acting like the sports needs him
McGregor has zero class.
Dana "we'll see how this thing plays out" White.
Conor goes out on stretcher after predicting Dustin would, and I earned two free leg kicks on my sparing partner.
This is a great day.
Mc Gregory is Evil and so are all his following fans
McStretcher’s ego is hurting so bad he is gonna be begging for a rematch with Cowboy, just watch
Nobody needs people like Conor
He can’t beat porier that shit over. Ya still living off Conor when he had them two sorry ass belts.  That he got from Jose Aldo 😂😂😂😂😂 and Eddie Alvarez 😂😂😂😂😂 both scrubs
Introducing, The Not So Notorious Connnnnnnorrrrr Mcgregorrrrrrrr (in a Bruce buffer voice)
STFU Connor. You're long been done ever since a guy from Dagistan wrapped his arms around your neck.
Khabib damaged and shattered the fighter in the scumbag Mc Gregor
He's still Mystic Mac
Man Conor has lost popularity based on the comments
I love to see Conner get his ass beat. He should keep fighting.
1-1-1
He's right though...it wouldn't be the same without him...love him or hate him
*Dom:* _Family, family is everything._   *Dana:* _Leave family out of it.  Family’s got nothing to do with it._
God why couldn't they both break a leg and not come back to fighting.
Conor needs to find Jesus before it's too late
Diaz
Conors done but dana still dragging him and want another rematch and it will happen when dustin would be champion, free title shot when he's not even top tier anymore.
We need people like Dustin
Yes a person like you brings money and fans into the MMA but your time is over and it's time to retire..They do need to find another personality like yours but losing your last 3 of 4 fights means you aren't the one anymore...You don't deserve a rematch and should have to work your way back up by winning before getting another shot
so mcgregor vs poirier 4 it is... and 5 if mystic mac loses again.. and so on
He should retire 🤪🙃🙄
Conor is the new fighter on the Bellator roster.
Need Conor v Dusty 4! That was about to be an awesome brawl.  Burns is boring. He laid on WB for 10 minutes and somehow won. At best, it’s a draw. Don’t reward someone for that type of fighting. I’ll never watch another Bur a fight
Fucking maywheather he like April showers thy come and go
Dustin is a real class act!! Congratulations my man...
2017: McGregor 2018: McTapper 2021: McStretcher
I don't mind if he stays or retires.
"You need people like me" sure sounds alot like " I'm nothing without this..."
That "you need ppl like me" tweet sums up Conors extreme narcissism...he should seek help
Bones heal easy, he will be back
Deans stoppage on Mutinho was really late, but tbf the kid kept marching forward. For better or worse, there's no quit in that guy.  also: *BREAKS SILENCE* it's been less than 12 hours
Conar a waist of money now was a great Fighter. Not no more, move over.
Dustin is such a cool guy. So well spoken. I m sure this guy wouldn't hurt no one unless provoked. McGregor is trash.
Not McGregor Fast, McGregor Cast, karma is a bitch!
Conor Scarface McGregor.
Dustin is 💯 classy and I love the confidence he has in his beautiful wife 💕
McGregor hurt his leg early in the fight with one of those leg kicks. That's why he went for the guillotine. He didn't nearly get finished on the ground and he didn't "twist" his ankle. His leg bone snapped. Crazy incident.
O Malley fights nobodies, not that I didnt't respect his opponent, but if you say u're Conor caliber fight the level of competition he has fought not some nobodies (Mendes, Aldo, Alvarez, Siver, young DP and Holloway).
Just dropping in here after the 5th rematch in 2025. (don't buy dogecoin & Elon, stop tweeting) peace y'all.
I always liked Dustin Diamond and now even more! Congratulations 💐👏 Diamond.
Did “money” mayweather post a bet for $50k… I thought I was reading it wrong
Conor Mcgregor is possibly the most overrated,  overhyped, athlete in the history of sports. Dude has won ONE fight in nearly 5 years. He was getting his ass pounded  before his chicken leg snapped.
Nobody wants to see Conor fight period he’s trash 🗑
We definitely need guys like Conor in mma, but he may not be that guy anymore.
Conor needs a rematch to adjust for that failed guillotine attempt.
Conors became just as delusional as his fangirls now
💎👊
SHAKA; WBC TAKE NOTE YOU RACISTS;
Conor is right in my opinion. The UFC is dead to me without Conor, Colby, or Jon Jones. These other guys are great fighters but that’s it. Dustin is a cool guy but can’t carry the sport and truly got put on by Conor just like Khabib. And as a note I think Wondeboy is better than Burns. I hate to bash grappling but WB was going to squash him if they had 2 more round. UFC 264 the card that….
"You need people like me" reminds me of Alex Higgins when asked can you live without snooker replying "can snooker live without me"
McStretcher is done ✅
Was a doctor stoppage not a TKO.
If Connor does fight again he needs to lose every penny he ever made and get a new team. He needs a team around him that’s not going to let him be the boss
lol! every time Cornor got beat, he sure as hell will gets insulted by Floyd
Dirt bag mcgnuggets should retire
If he can't beat dustin at his best health, How can he comeback after breaking his leg 🌚think dana think
Dustin come in to fight as Jolie's wife wearing RED trunk.......
He checked his leg kick which caused the break so now they have to have a 4th fight...
Why is it always they "break silence" after a loss like they taken a vow of silence or something lol
MCGREGOR'S NEXT FIGHT SHOULD BE JORGE MASVIDAL  THEN WONDER BOY SHOULD BE NEXT!
Imagine conor winning poirier 4  then it is still 2-2 Then there will be one more.
Burns sucks. Lay and pray style. Boring
Dana white -. Rematch until conor wins
conor Mcfragile
Conor " glass ankle rat!!!" McGregor
even with Thompson losing i still think he deserves the title shot. Burns and the rest like Covington had there shot .
Mystic McStretcher
Humble in loss lmao
If Connor show proof Dustins wife was in his DM that is an automatic win…idgaf
yea, none of yall realize his ankle was prob destroyed way b4 dusting started grappling, which is why he went for the guillotine.
Did he break that same leg he tried kicking him with i the weigh ins 🙇🏾‍♂️ if so karma is a mirror and that shit scary
SHAKA; MOST OF YOU ARE TWO FACE YOU KNOW PORIER WAS THE BETTER FIGHTER/ DANA YOU ARE A CLOWN YOU SHOULD HIDE YOUR FACE;
Dustbin definitely never won that folk need to stop acting like he beat him !!!!
Connor needs to retire. The richest athlete in the world can’t be a prize fighter. He’s not fighting for money and lets be honest that’s almost every fighters main motivation
Conor*
Finally he arrived in the stuck-in-the-mud-division.
diaz bro vs paul bro book it
McSnapper is not coming back from that embarrassment,  doesnt deserve a rematch either
Mctapper is a joke he should be finished in mma all his fans are part time cos he is part time.  Sat on your ass half crying while screaming about another mans wife. Hope his Dee Devlin just leaves him, what with the affairs & cheating & way he carries himself im sure she gets abused at home.
At this rate even Jake Paul can beat Connor.
That's the last thing I expected waking up today
Yeah, maybe he could not retire and make us laugh more
Mcgregor is the face of the UFC he brings hype,crowd,headlines and ticket sales. High end atlhetes too much distractions from fame,money,power & babes  in some point in their life, High end Athletes needs find GOD study and read bible go to church have a prayer meeting it heals everything, keep fighting! 🙏
I don't see Conor McLeggor being a champ challenger. Him and Masvidal need to scrap bare knuckles.
gilbert burns was acting like he knocked out Ngannou when the fight was done.  you won a close decision my dude.
Fight in the street , who give a fuck! The ring is for champions not beef
Who's the Husband now McLoser?  Dustin The Man!
After watching this fight I think there is a higher being of some sort I mean come on! Conor said stretcher. Then he left on one 🤷🏻 this is some witch craft lol
Dana want to make the rematch?? Yeah… let’s make it until cry baby clown mcgregor wins
Money ruined his Career as soon as he became a millionaire the hunger died I dont care who ya are once you have that sort of money that will to win and live and breathe the fight game stops  he will never be at the top again there are far too many fighters who want it more mcgregor can go live the best of lifes with his money
Where is the narrative that he won the fight.. that’s like saying sterling beat yan
Dustin Paul Pierre is a diamond in the bunch he done got way better from that first fight Conor McGregor done got way worse than he used to be
They need to quit screwing around and give Suga Sean a ranked opponent and make Sean ranked finally.
without conor ufc is boring
Dustin should simply ignore Conor from this point  Exactly like Khabib did
Only $50,000??? My mom's makes bigger bets than you and she only makes $14.00 an hour
O’Malley sucks too - ufc holding his hand as they guide him back on the hype train after the Cheeto loss
He does need people like him .all of them fighters make ufc. Not dana
Wasn’t Conor saying he would have Dustin taken out on a stretcher? Karma.....  it was him leaving in a stretcher
High five Floyd getting T-bone steaks and eggs tonite
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😳 no we don't Dusty B!ch😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Best of 5 … but will be settled in 4
Just sucks man did not expect that
His game plan is over after he loses his lil leg kicks that break will just break again
McGregor - breaks ankle Dana - breaks silence
I think Dustin is a sociopath. There is no way he prays for Connor to get home safe to his family.   Like, he ain’t that nice  He can’t be put absolutely bashing sparring partners and then “praying” for his opponents health and shit   Like I don’t like Connor McGregor cause he’s doesn’t really put his money where his mouth is and he talks a lot of dumb shit these days   But Dustin is full of shit man  Both of these dudes are full of shit, it’s all a PR stunt
Shaun 'mally(0 taken by chito 😂) used to imitate Connor for success n now Conor is using following Mally for the loss. 😂😂
he def broke the leg, i got a pic where the whole things folded over, like 5" above the ancle its a bad break
If conor would of played nice again instead of a dick then people would feel for him. Karma made conor go out like a bitch after being ground n pounded 😆
First time seeing dana talking about rematch when a triology already finished
Conor is done...  Old and done.... Move on Conor.
I would take more offense to a guy talking about my wife than saying he is going to kill me in a fight. Why is everyone so damn sensitive??? Either way, a fighter could talk about my momma and I wouldn't care cause it's obvious it's just trash talk, how can battle rappers have thicker skin than actual fighters?
Gilbert is crazy af lmao🤣, don't hate on him he's a fucking beast
"I'm always humble in De-Feet. But not dee Ankle"... Conor Mcgregor
Okay what's the sweater Conor gonna sew us now: it's always entertaining. Watching the vid
Technically Dustin didn't beat him. Having that said I would have preferred cm getting knocked out instead of something he could use as an excuse that he didn't lose. Dustin was probably winning and if not definitely would have had the advantage going into later rounds but he probably is not satisfied with that win 🤣😂
Dustin is to rough for Connor, McGregor is soft, Jake Paul  would beat up Connor in mma or boxing, Amanda Nunes would beat up Connor he needs to go home an stay home
I wouldn’t give Connor the opportunity to fight me again if I was Dustin.
Chael curse broken again
Does he want to kill his cash Cow 🐮 😂🦹‍♂️ Dana bro relax
I wanted the 2nd round..conor is a dirt bag like he said. Murder really
Conor did not step back and break his ankle. He fractured his tibia while kicking DPs legs and it just gave way when he stepped back on it.
Connor wants to be  jake paul so bad.  He copied the wife insult when jake was calling out austins wife in his dms. Wana be jake paul
He broke his shin. Idk why ppl keep saying ankle.
Conor keeps disrespecting Dustin when Dustin sincerely prays for him and his family. I wonder why a bad guy like Conor is loved by more mma fans than a nice guy like Dustin 🤦 smh
Dont like this connor, dustin pure class now
Conor gets gifted everything.  Joe getting down and cuddling with McGregor and cheering him up was disgusting.  “I’m sure Dustin will oblige you Conor”  Ass 😚 kissers
MMA don't need him. Ankle breaking saved his ass!
Mac used to be gracious in defeat but not anymore.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 the pain in Dana's face now that his poster boy got sidelined😁😁😁😁✌✌✌
Connor needs to retire! This is what greed does to you. Losing to get paid. That’s selling your soul. People love watching him get messed up. He thinks he is Tony fukin Montana 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Man if they give Conor another rematch that’s just stupid plenty of lighthweights have been putting in work for a title shot, he’s lost 2 times to the same fighter he doesn’t deserve a rematch unless he fights other top contenders
Even if Connor wins the next match they gonna have to do it again for the 5th time. Justin beat him, the longer it went the better Justin would have been, he looked a lot stronger in there too.
What a joke. Always an excuse for another fight. Only Suckers buy these fights !!!
Conor is showing how insecure he is.. Dustin won the fight before he even stepped into the ring. He had the psychological advantage.
You can't step in the octagon without Black belt BJJ. You will get mauled by top 5 contenders
Conor will never square off with Dustin given the way he beat him like a Satan!! 🔥
"You need people like me!"  That's what a man not needed would say
Connor “The Stretcher” McGregor.
Conor next in line as washed MMA fighter to face Jake Paul
Just to think that he could have retired after the second belt win and would have stayed one of the greats it’s not like he needed the payday .. ego based decisions fucked his legacy completely the record is starting to resemble a basketball score now . Shame
“I’m a little beech ofa ting”  -Conor’s ankle
Conor should not get immediate rematch with Dustin when he is ready coz by that time Dustin probably would be a champ and getting championship match after losing 3 out of last 4 fights doesn't make any sense ,,, he should probably fight diaz or Tony
He cud fight next with Angelina Jolie  I should be a close one but if he trains hard enough
If Dana White Disqualify McGregor from UFC he wil do good work and pıblicity. More then a 4th fight !!!
Conor should take peds or just retire he's not good enough doesn't have the energy lol drinks too much alcohol I bet his fitness is average
The fight didn't get finished but he's FINISH AS A FIGHTER GO TO WWF THEY NEED CLOWNS LIKE YOU OR MAYBE MAKE A CARTOON MOVIE LIKE lebron and you can be CHAMP against BUGSBUNNY
Conor was kicking, cheating, lied, losing respect for the man more and more
Mystic Wreck
Conor Nate 3
Conor is a sad man. Used to respect this guy but it's all fake. Props to Dustin for kicking this guy's ass
Dustin: To all the fans booing me yall can kiss my whole asshole! Also Dustin: There's a kid from Louisiana here battling cancer you're the real fighter buddy.  Dustins a fake piece of shit and i can't wait to see Charles Oliveira maul him later this yr. 💯
The kind of negativity Conor brings isn’t even fun anymore, it just feels bad
Karen McGregor ladies and gentlemen!
How many times does Dustin have to beat Connor?   Dana: We make fights every weekend!   Fans: We thought you meant different fights?
3 minutes in that round where for conor and 2 minutes for dustin so basicly conor won
Conor reminds me of a guy who loses a video game, then gets super aggressive and tries to retaliate by button smashing.   His biggest mistake in this fight and his last fight, and even the Khabib fight was being overly aggressive, pushing the pace, rather than letting the fight come to him.   Conor use to be one of the best counter strikers in the game. Then he fought Floyd, and since then, he goes into every fight swinging for the fences.   It worked against Cerrone, but against guys like Dustin and Khabib, its not going to work.  McGregor needs to go train with Anderson Silva. Anderson is hands down the best counter striker to ever fight MMA, his body just couldn't keep up with the game. Outside of that, Silva was a master of letting the fight come to him. Reacting, instead of becoming the agressor.
Who’s going out on a stretcher?
Yes! Need another remach poirier vs conor 4! Poirier was good but a lot can change quickly and Conor was far from being finished
He is done karma is a bitch
No rematch needed. Dustin is the superior mixed martial artist without a doubt. It's not even close Conor McGregor nut huggers.
I can't believe dana said that when SOAR LOSER connor heals up he'll get a shot at a rematch how many times does the DIAMOND have to whip his ass until your satisfied you can tell you don't like DIAMOND MAN WHY DON'T YOU HANG IT UP YOU'RE MAKING UFC STINK THEY DEFINITELY NEED TO REPLACE YOU
I like the way Dustin said no,my wife is solid as a rock! PO'ME COLORBLIND
Conor needs to reinvent himself Maybe all the time comin from the injury will help it. He needs to go to a secret and sacred buddhist temple in China to train or somethin'
" How much bend shin is enough bend shin?" - McAnkle
Conor sunk in my eyes. You dont say like that.
one thing i didnt like from  dustin was that he was trying to beat conors ass after he broke his leg.   dustin clearly knew conor broke his leg when he was interviewed..  that was pretty low and lame af.   no fighter should try to beat a guy who just broke their leg and cant really do anything else at those moments
Conor mcgregor and his fans both pathetic
It was funny to see Conor kicking like a gurl when he was on his back... Sore loser!
Dustin is all class. Respect.
“You need people like me so you can point your fuckin' fingers and say, 'That's the bad guy”.
Still don’t like Dustin…. he’s full of fuckin crap. “oK cONoR fAnBoY” whatever you guys need to say. I can still hate the guy even after he wins. Crazy world right?
Looks like Conor broke his shit on Dana's belly the day before.....
Me after watching the fight: "He's the most disgusting man I've ever heard talking" Me after watching Dana White's interview: "Okay, Conor is the 2nd most disgusting"
Is it not kinda...irritating? How dustin is not bothered at all by conor calling his wife a "little hoe?"  I understand not letting the accusations bother you but the insults? I don't am I missing something?
This fight will happen again and again till he wins
Conor is Dana's money man! ..he's gonna do what Conor wants him to do.. what do y'all expect!
First apologise to ABSOLUTELY EVERYBODY. Then never step foot in octagon again.
That was Mc nuggets retirement fight
Dustin for the title, no more bullshit. Connor "silk sheets" only fights for money. Done.
all that shit whiskey is making them bones weak.
No more forthligy. lol.
Another rematch will be dumb. It's already 2-1 Dustin.  Conor should do a soul searching.
Mc Nuggets thinks this is a movie and he is Tony Montana. It ain't and he just a dude who made money. His shitty character is still the same.
Can I be the next can to fight omalley? I'm at least his hight lol
Lmao Dustin said he doesn’t wish bad injury onto anyone, while flapping his arm mocking the injured athlete, come bro let’s bro honest you are happy Conor broke his foot, just like how weidman was
Well done Dustin this was the result that was needed,I think the way conker throws the word rat about at people came back to haunt him this week,the way he kept trying to bring the guys wife into it you got what you deserved,don't give him a fourth send him to Triller
Connor is DONE!
Mc Gregor  sorest looser ever FACT
Conor "breaks" silence.? Is his leg named silence cause... He literally never stopped talking
It should be over for Conor. When the mind games don't work and the opponent is his same size we all could see how good he really was. One thing i will give him is, nobody sells a fight like him and he was never in a boring fight.
Conor should retire then go try swimming with great white sharks 🦈
Im Irish and at this stage i wish Connor would just retire he was great at the beginning and witty and funny but now its just embarrassing
What is it going to take for you people to realize that Conor is finished.  The man is horrible for the sport and the things he does and says is an absolute disrespect to the sport and the company.  When are you Conor nut huggers going to finally jump off the Conor hype train.  Conor is a shadow of the man he used to be.  The man is a bum.  Listening to you people make excuses for Conor is getting old!!
Connors done
Sadly this will just help boost the Connor/Manny fight because the Phils is like 90+% Christian not including Mannys international fans. Plus Manny is seeking Presidency in the Phils and Connor will be a major heel in their exhibition fight. Ppl will pay to see Manny win as much as ppl will pay to see Connor lose. Its the world we live in now. Smh
The same people that think wonder boy would beat Usman are the ones that were saying Ferguson would’ve beat khabib
Is it a win Dustin? Its not like he kick him and bcz of that conor break his leg... Sure another fight
Shit he should have been retired already. He is getting broken apart every fight nowadays.
Bye bye Connor Mcleggor.
Gilbert is boring, laying and praying should never earn u a title fight. Advance ur position or do damage or else u should lose points or b stood up immediately.
Rematch vs future mw champ ? They guy has got finished 3 out of 3 lw fights He needs to drop down to featherweight
Conor KO 1st round
Conor McGregor was rushing his shots, looked stiff & slow in comparison to previous years.    Doesn’t conduct himself like a martial artist, zero respect shown, it’s gone beyond mind games now.   You don’t get what you want in life you get what you deserve !!
Factors that have contributed to the downfall of Mcgregor as a fighter. 1. Added too much muscle (Before he added that excess tricep, shoulder and chest mass he was a different fighter)  2. Made too much money (lost the desire to grind) 3. Had a rapid come up with some arguably lucky wins (SOME were well deserved but not ALL)  I'm sick of this guy I don't even want to watch another fight of his. If he fights anyone in the top 10 lightweight he loses  if it goes past first 2 mins (maybe RDS, Hooker and Ferg he beats on his best day but the rest have his number). Let's be real here. Leg break or not he was going to get stopped. Anyone who disagrees after watching that first round is a casual.
Anyone else see the “phantom” punch?
Good life made him so soft he breaks for no reason
That fight was not over by no means,just a freak accident.Yes Conor deserves rematch,he offered others rematch in the past,yes he did! PO'ME COLORBLIND
Haha at 5:11 it says Dustin and Conor had a rubber match lol 😂
Probably why I'll switch back to boxing... Only entertaining fights were Omalley and the heavyweights (both kept standing) the Burns fight was absolutely pathetic and these leg kicks and submissions are just lame endings now. Tired of it... Need a Stand and Bang division
Gotta give props to Connors nuthuggers, they never ran out of excuses.
Do sumthing bout it  Do sumthing bout it
Dhar Man, Man says he gonna put Man on a stretcher instantly regrets it
Its over for McGregor!! 🤕😬🤯
There it is! Lol that left kick Conor threw at the staredown is where it all began!
Is it just me or is Gilbert Burns fights always the most boring fight of the card?
The fight didn’t finish? Bullshit. Dustin checked the kick and cracked Conor’s leg. Dana meant the fight didn’t finish with a W for Conor so it’s gotta be run back. So sick of hearing and seeing Conor “Dirtbag” McGregor.
Oh God, Hes Tony Montana from Scarface now, We need people like him..
Dont know why but this fight made me like burns less, maybe cuz I'm a SWB fan who knows
Floyd bet 50g’s wAt happened to the million $ bets .mattress commercials aren’t paying to well these days .
Wow eh Im a connor fan but not anymore he should quit now
ufc 265: mcgregor vs silva in an all kicking match wearing straight jacket. 😂😂😂
Chikenleg should retire!
Either retire or fight Nate Diaz
DDP still showing class. Hope Conor is enjoying that Humble Pie!
Conor has gotten as far as his team could get him. You gotta train with the best to beat em.
Burns won but didn't gain any fans with that fight, ain't no ppvs in that style.
Mcgregor is done at lightweight for good. If he wants to make another run he should fight diaz at welterweight and if he wins he could maybe fight for a title or get a fight with someone like masvidal or colby
Hell Fuckjng yes they should fight again
If connor had only one 🦵,  dana will still say he's a contender to be champion,  that's how bad he wants connor to be a champion again 😂😂😂😂
" I only count knockouts none of this tappin garbage" Goes for a guillotine "Dustin will shoot a takedown first " Conor shoots the first takedown after getting rattled  "Dustins going out on a stretcher"  Conor goes out on a stretcher...Conor is declining quicker than BJ Penn
What next for Conor? A hospital 😂😂
Breaking your leg at the age of 30++ will never bring back your bone strength to the original position. He should get retired....
NICE title 😅😅😅😅😅😅😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. Fukk McGeegirl.
retire
Next fight winner take all so Dustin can get paid BIG.
Dana wants more trilogy fights until Conor wins
What's next for Mc Burger? Jake Paul.
If only he knew he'd be the one going out in a stretcher
OK,  Now let's hear it from all of the Mcgregor Karen's..... they've been triggered again...
Yess I need somebody to hate
Who left the the match on the stretcher bahahahaha
Tony Montana called, he wants his coke, I mean, quote back.
How is that a TKO finish... How many more wrong decisions does Herb need to make before the UFC get rid !
Couldn’t have happened to a nicer fella.  Vile excuse of a man. I feel sorry for Dee, Conor never fails to embarrass her.  Nothing but a loud mouthed prick.
Connor needs to shut the fuck up..... We all get the hype the fight game, but he’s losing fans fast.....
Oh so if Dustin wins title  mcgreg gets an instant title shot. Bullshit.
Wonder boy is not a championship fight lol. Nobody ducked him he had a broken hand when he called Leon out.
We all gonna buy #4 if/when it happens.  Admit it lol
Conor really reminds me of rousey
Conor stop. You are just an embarrassment now. Need a new Irish Fighter.
No interest in a fourth fight. Dustin would’ve won had that gone the distance.
If mcgreogor had just excepted it not trash dustys wife like and whats worse is mcgregor has a wife back home
O'malley, the trained killer,...of non-contenders...
He Broke the same leg he threw in the pre-fight Face Off and he went out on a streatcher JUST like he Promised the croweds I LOVE karma but Karma loves him More HAHA
I think its bizarre that if Dustin beats Oliveira then Conor would get an immediate title shot. He should have to fight someone else first since he has 1 win at lightweight way back in 2016
McGregor is over
"You need people like me".  Cokehead journeyman that lose 3 out of 4 and throw tantrums.
Jolie slid into his DMs, then flicked him off in the cage. She's fair game
Think he should retire, Connor
McGregor needs to retire same thing that's happening to him that happened at Chuck Liddell. I think once you start losing like that it's over
I heard so many people saying things like "Conor is the better martial artist" and "Conor is a better overall striker" but Poirier has proven time and time again that he can find a way to win fights. I think this fights was definitely going to be a win for him either way but the broken foot was probably a blessing in disguise for Conor. Now he can have a "legitimate" excuse. Which sucks because now all of my MMA news feeds are going to continue talking Bout that douche on a regular basis :(
Feed Conor to Tony CSO
He should just keep drinking his whiskey  and and cry
He will be back, better than ever. McGregor is a better technical fighter overall, that's the truth.
I've been saying this about Connor since the mendez fight, always thought it was mostly a character but he's shown last night he is actually a scumbag. Hope a lot of his fan base moves to support dustin now.
Rematchuat
I like how Dana is automatically thinking "rematch".
After seeing conors different personas I realized that I don't know the real mcgregor. Which one is the real conor? The shit talker or the nice guy? 🤔 the persona the fans like, says alot about them. 🐔⚔🩸🩸🩸🩸. Conor acts like a dirt bag for the fans.
Youll need to put some respect on Dustin name now🔥💯🔥
Burns is so under rated .. very easy guy to root for
Why would Conor retire all he does is lose and get paid more then anybody
Connor SAID.. " This guy is leaving here on a Stretcher"..  Karma then knocked.. on hiz door
Connor McGregor a disgrace! It's about time the UFC drew the line on what people spew out from their rotten mouths  would they? Isn't it all about money? Martial arts promotes dignity. There is nothing dignified about certain stuff the UFC allows. Bollocks.
Dustin Poirier with that guillotine escape, and the ground n pound had me thinking I was watching Khabib!
Ducking Mayweather is a joke. PO'ME COLORBLIND
Rematch ? Seriously, that's a joke right ?
So you can point your fucking finger and say ..... THAT'S The BaD GUY!!!!!!
The only way I care about another bout between McGregor and Porier is if UFC treats Connor like they treat everyone else and make him climb a couple steps before he gets another shot. I still like the guy, but he’s been getting starched ever since Khabib and there are other fighters in the division that deserve the main event slot *a lot more* than McGregor.
Am I the only one that is tired of the UFC pampering Conor.  I mean come on this is getting silly.
Let's see mcgregor has a foot like a balloon 🎈, right leg like an American football 🏈 and now what's his left leg 🦵 like,a snapped twig?
Conor is finished.He got mauled by Dustin most of the round and the fight wasn’t going his way plus now with a broken leg it’ll take time to recover and he won’t be getting a big fight coming back if he even returns.
That was Chad Ocho Sinco curse !!!! Everyone he bets on gets recked 😂
Burns.. .....lol
Dustin was all over Conor McGregor.. it ain't that Conors different. Dustin is... He's evolved as a fighter after every single fight.   If I'm dustin, Im not fighting that peice of trash again.. he's not worth it. I'm done with it.   He's sick . And even knowing poirer will smash him. I just don't care to see his ugliness in the sport anymore..  you think he'd give Dustin a rematch.   Hell no. He'd walk away talking like he's some killer and that would be that .no rematch unless he fights and wins his way back to the top
Conor is so smart to have sold his Proper No. Twelve shares before fighting Poirier ... cos Mystic Mac predicted these things are coming!!! 🤣😆🤣
What Conor should consider is stop insulting people's  wife's as there  isn't a place for this in the sport as he wouldn't like it said to him or his wifey
Did someone understand Connor while on the floor? I think he was saying, Hey ref why didn't you stop it earlier lolololo
Connor ankle saved him from a brutal beating Dustin was about to disfigure his face
Connor is finished. 😂😂😂
Move on Connor is Over 🐸🍺🚬
Conor is done ; btw a big fan of Conor for 7 years right here...
Supervillian millionaire
If Conor was a stock, I would short it on leverage baby ! Conor mate you went back to your roots of being a piece of shit
Instead of Poirier Vs McGregor 4, what about Poirier Vs McGregor 3.2?
Conor was winning but he to small for 155
Haha ,,Rogan"s thinking looking down the camera ,"You hearing this shit "...
Lmao believing anything Floyd says is hilarious   He bets on both guys
The fuck is floyd only betting 50K ?!?!?! That's chump pocket change to him lol
Welterweight is filled with killers only
Karma McGregor
He should retire he washed up going after people families to sale tickets is a coward move Conor McGregor humble fighters always end up on top
The result wasn’t a TKO. It was a doctors stoppage.
From mctapper to tko's
gone and retired Conor McGregor you had your fair run got to stop acting so grouchy and mean maybe you'll win some all that negativity is not good you seen Habib had to humble him now Dustin potier had to humble him twice if he wouldn't have messed his leg up he still was going to lose he was losing before it got messed up Dustin the truth Conor McGregor just washed up that's all he made enough money going to retire big mouth
I believe Connor broke his leg while was trying to kick Dustin during the Press conference, but ended up touching Dana, and we all know how tough Dana is.
Connor: let me tweet something first before we go into surgery lmao this guy reminds me of 69 of the ufc
Dustin always humble. Good fight my dude stay classy
I wish you a Speedy recovery Conor, that's a devastating injury 👊🏾
I fell like Poirier's prolonged Connor's career just by saying the rivalry is not over.
Dustin did not dominate Connor the whole fight wtf are you talking about, Connor was dominating the fight when they were standing and fighting! Dustin was dominating Connor on the ground yes but not the whole fight! You clearly dunno wtf you’re going on about!  Unsubbed for your dumbarse opinions and comments
Conor is a trash talker but also a good entertainer.He has more haters then anyone else but at the same time more fans then any other fighters. Respect to all the MMA fighter 👊
Damn i've never been this happy by watching the ufc...Dustin did it again🤣... it makes me  wanna sing or chant ole ole ole ole ole ole....hahhahahahahaahhahahahahaha
I don't think a rematch is necessary. Dustin was dominant in his performance. Same thing would only continue in the following rounds. Conor got a good taste of Karma and it was beautiful. And then taken out on a stretcher, oh the irony 👌
I'm worried about Conors mental state. This is a man that hunted down Khabib with his cronies, intent on killing him.  Now he's threatening Dustin with Death, Louisiana needs to be put on a State of Alert, cause the Leprechaun is COMIN FOR YA!!  I mean, he threatened to shoot him with gun fingers!!!
So if Poirier wins 155lbs title which is a real possibility), I guess McGregor will get a shot after consistently losing. His only win being a shot human punching bag Cowboy Cerrone in last few years.
So much breaking happening for Conor. First the leg and then the silence!
I don’t count submissions as wins. First round goes for submission. Conordicting Mcgregor
at this point how can anyone be a mcgregor fan 0 respect and acts like a child even after its over still saying bs hes a clown
Thanks, KHABIB! For conclusively ending McBarker's career. 😊 😉 😁 😀 😄 😃
McGregor is finished
Dustin fights for belt Conor heals and in order to earn rematch with Dustin or Title opportunity has to get through: Dariush Then  Gaethje
Conor breaks himself. He's done.
You need people like me! You need people like me so you can point your fook'n fingers and say, That’s the bad guy!
This check out the post shit pisses me off dude fucking read the post to us. Some of us listen to this on the way to work and can’t read it. Missing it pisses me off.
Shame on you floyed, u just bet 50,000$$ It should be atleast 5 million
Mcgregor needs some milk
Dana sounds so fed up 😂
You guys, Dustin, your team... can spin this any way you want, but you won nothing and you know it....anything else is just noise, nonsense......a great first round guys...some bad luck Conor... This fight is not over...doctor stoppage, broken bone...heal Conor, run it back....look forward to the next one.
Conor Made all the right adjustment to beat Poirier and get the win, Conor was having So much success with, But Poirier look like a real champion out there, Weather the storm and Starting Landing his own shot, And The Elbow was Viciously brutal, No excuses, Dustin the was the Better Mixed martial arts, The will to win from dustin, Nothing gonna stop dustin on that moment, And I wonn some moneyyyy with dustin the 💎💎
People saying Connor didn’t lose, he got injured, yet when Sean O Malley got injured thru mid fight, everyone said it was a lost. LMAO You guys are pathetic, I doubt ya ever succeeded with this mentality in sports, education, or even work. No way would y’all idiots ever last in my world with that stupid mentality 😭😂🤣
Hope McGregor lost alot of fans what a sore loser
The Mystic is gone
i think it would be good if floyd should give some of the winnings to dustins charity
So they are doing a best of 5 now... If conor loses again we will see a best of 7
Lmao....conors a joke and needs to be let go and time for him to go back to living in the streets where punks like him  belong
He needs to retire, be don't deserve another fight with Poirier! Conors trash, and can't beat anyone in the top ten!
I was a McGregor fan but after the wife comments am glad he lost
F**k poor man to rich man ! The soldiers never quit
Ref stopped fight too early. Conner was going to hop on one leg while swinging his second leg like ball and chain. That's really badass respect.
At this point conor is just embarrassing himself… .
What a broken LEGacy and the "fookin" irony of its the leg he threw at the weigh in. Hang up the gloves McCokehead.
How many times do we have to teach you this lesson old man? ~ Dustin Porier.
fans will still say Conor won
class act afterwards by the Diamond , true warrior.
This rivalry is evolving like Federer Djokovic
His foot was a deflated balloon this time
He's not worried abt his wife, rather only abt the talk of getting murdered 😯😂
Conors foot should be inducted to the hall of fame
Seeing connor angry like that was just joy
Conor wasn't making it to the third round if his leg didn't break.. Dana can say what he wants about immediate rematches and having Conor stay relevant, but Dustin was tunin' up on him for much of the first round
Dana didn’t hear it lmao he just had his fingers stuffed in his ears
I believe Dustin is correct in that Conor did an initial stress/impact fracture to his leg from a leg check or hitting the knee. You can't fire leg kicks like he was doing with no set up. You need to always set up low kicks and ensure you are hitting meat and not bone. First thing I said when he started with those kicks is that "he's going to break his leg."
McGregor steps out of line with his trash talk....
Everyone seems to say the same thing..   Connor had it coming to him
Actually I’m not interested in a fourth fight Dustin mauled him again
Dana sad cause Conor is the cash cow. He can't get the PPV sales for the title fight.
McGregor is just making the Irish look bad at this point. He is turning into the new James Vick
That's a no contest not a loss
The universe is trying to tell McGregor something; it's not getting through and he's in denial, in his bitter megalomaniac, distorted-reality bubble, surrounded by Yes-Men and inferior trainers. As his skills decline and the sport advances in his years-long absence, he risks a worse injury if he comes back....if you can't handle a Lamborghini, don't go racing in it in city-streets.
Say what you want about my wife, just don’t talk shit about me lol. -Dustin.
Conor didn’t get up or “scramble to his feet” he cheated by grabbing Poirer’s gloves and stood up when Dustin let him get up.
Here we go an excuse for a big money fight and a way to give Connor another shot at the title with his 1 win since Obama in office is to fight Justin for title depending Dustin beats olivier
Leaving on a stretcher! Karma hit… he had his ass whooped before the injury anyway and he’s Still opening his dirty mouth after the loss. No class.
Conor didn't control his emotions like he used to (vs Aldo & Eddy) he was way too angry. & We all know that anger wouldn't do any good to nobody!
"Break out the red stretcher", Conor Mcgregor
Mctapper is a fool we are all better off without people like him and UFC is better off with out him
What's next for conor...? Youtuber or some old boxers
I was a fan of McGregor before he started trash talking about Dustin's wife  Karma showed up for McGregor
It's over for Conor and Dustin will never be champ Charles is going to strangle him
The fight to make now is McGregor vs Ferguson
the people who are to me McGregor they are just as bad as him I'm sick of this guy has really gone to his head no good word for that worm
I got a lot of love for Wonderboy but c’mon man Gilbert fights anybody anytime anywhere. So active so hungry. No politics no BS my kinda guy. Couldn’t be happier for him.
NO, Conor and Dustin shouldn’t fight “one more time”. He ain’t the money fight no more.
Lol of course they'll give Connor a rematch ...Connor was right this isn't over! He knows uncle Dana motto is "its not over till Connor wins" lol
Guys don't forget this... The first time they fought the trash talk from Mc Gregor was massive but when he K. O Dustin after the fight he was not cocky he talk to Dustin and does not insult Dustin poirier at all....   Today's dustin initial reaction after the broken leg was shyt...
Conor should keep fighting and lose
All the money in the world and still doesn't buy you any class. Adios McGregor enjoy retirement
Dustin won by TKO but why no one talking about him grabbing the cage with his toes while he was in a guillotine???
“You need people like me”
I feel like Mayweather bets on both sides and just post the winning ticket
I'm still shook
When Conor tweeted his condolences to Weidman following his leg break he used it as an opportunity to mull on the disadvantages of the calf kick, I think he was trying to imply it was a gambler's technique and take some of the shine off Dustin's win. Dustin said it wasn't part of his strategy, but both Weidman and McGregor were definitely intensely training them. I think Weidman might have been right about accumulating microfractures. It looked like Poirier was gonna finish McGregor but it's a shitty way for the fight to end. As much as he polarizes the MMA community it was sad to see Conor reduced to raving like a lunatic, they shouldn't have interviewed him.
This is why you don't wish someone luck and say 'go break a leg'  cuz the sum bitch gon do it 😂😂
Did I just hear that right? " "REMATCH "  that's a joke right 💀
Conor will not beat dustin. Like I said first fight was a fluke cause dustin was young but now poireir is mature and grown and guess what? Conor will never beat him again
If Conor wins rematch they need to rematch again because it would be 2 wins each.
💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎
The shamrock's shin rocked - Deevon....GET THE STRETCHER!!!
The Champ Champ, is done, done.
Mcnuggets on the verge of having the most triology fights in UFC history and also most lost series in UFC triology history.  Yhis guy is a F&^% chump.  Enuff with the rematches, if his leg didn't break it was clear he was in for another asswhoping. Rematch? He just got finished 2x in the first round back to back. His win against poriere..... when they were both noobs like a decade ago in a different weight class. Give it up mcnuggets,  you are a gatekeeper at best. Stick to getting your ass beat by rank 7 fighters (diaz)
Congratulations Dustin, love from Ireland, Night night Conor pea head McGregor.
The worst part about MMA is brazilians talking English, can they not hear properly or something?
Pacquiao or a feeder fight. He still looked in good shape, and ready to fight. No reason to retire like that 👎
Stretcher talk backfired 😭
Conor cash cow status becoming a calf now...no pun intended.
Conor is a dead man walking...on stretchers -Ankle Dana
He should call it quits because he is ruining whatever LEGacy he has left
Connor is still mystic Mac he foresaw a stretcher just didn't see his ass on it 😂😂
Hey u guys show some respect to Conor, give the guy a... BREAK
As a Conor fan I was not impressed at all by the few last press conferences and fight. His aura has long gone but I was still expecting good trash talking ... but the pyramide is falling unfortunately.
Who da fook is dat guy.   2/1 diamonds way.   If Dustin fights him again. It's for the charity he didn't pay.   Talk shit. Get split. Fook Conor.
Mctappy becomes McSnappy....
Queue the McGregor fans with an unreasonable emotional attachment.
So Sean called out everyone he won’t be fighting.. got it
Conor vs Tony loser retire fight?
If you find yourself celebrating a leg break, you are not a real fan, you're just as much of a scumbag as conor was when he brought dustins wife into it.
Everyone's bitching about what he's said about poiriers wife, you do realize they're just a more violent WWE right? It's all for show🤣 its sells more tickets and that's it.
I reckon McGregor went into the fight injured from when he kicked Dana's HGH gut
dana really jorge and diaz wtf dana
He didn't break his ankle 🙄 lower tibia (bottom of shin)
This is the saddest i've ever seen Dana
man, I remember thinking his ankle will break like Anderson but never had the balls to put a bet like that as you never think it would ever happen. plus I have no idea where to place that bet lol
Conplaining McTapper!
So that's what 'Humble in Defeat' looks like🤔
R.I.P Mcankle
Guy in the pink suit "and still ... haven't won  a fight since Obama!"
My foot was a baloon! - Mystic Mac
if it was another fighter that spoke about dustin wife dana would of have alot more to say on it, but as its conor...dana didnt had much to say
Conor vs Jake Paul next
Teddy Atlas last night said something so true, Conor McGregor career will be remembered and two phases: BF & AF, Before Floyd & After Floyd.... That $120 Million Dollar payday hasn't been the same for McGregor...... I'M JUST SAYIN' 🤷  Props on Dustin "The 💎  " Poirier
Conor still stuck in 2015
WE LOVE IT SO MUCH M.M.A GO TO FRANK G YOUTUBE TY SO MUCH N.Y.C🗽💚💜💙💯💯💯💯💯✔✔
Don't kick a Diamond!
Conor always wants a rematch when he lost, but don give a rematch when he won. Champ shit.
209
Dana white is shocked lmao
He'll be going out on a stretcher he said, how about that...   His prediction was so right but yet so wrong...
If Dustin's smart I wouldn't take the rematch. Y risk it. N I don't think McGregor's done.
Conor is a disgrace no class no character talkin’ bout Dustin’s wife like that.
Jake Paul vs Conor makes more sense then a Dustin vs Conor 4.
Sadly i think conor is done 😔
Eyyy it's Dee's wife
Conor’s Ankle: “I’LL FOOKIN’ DO NUTHIN’”
Conor is the new Charlie Z 💔
McGregor Cast (i'm a Mac fanboy btw so stfu)
OMG what we have all been waiting for
He's not the same guy he was back in 2014
Conor looked so different He is not the same fighter at all anymore  Edit: to everyone saying conor "looked good" Lmao, get some education.  His low kicks were the worst placed low kicks i have seen, he just kicked "low" without placing them effective   He kicked the knee several times which is the worst part to land a low kick Thats why he hurt himself  Saying "he kicked good" is more then delusional   His hands were stiff and robotic compared to what he used to be able to do.  Thats just facts.
He not done that was total bullshit fight
1st
Been waiting for this
First peepee
