Ha ha, what.
I love to do "The Big Finish" as my starter because then the other people at the club don't know what I'll do next. Heck, even I don't know please help they're looking at me oh god.
0:55 “ 27. THE "LOOK AT ME, MAN! I'M 65! TVE BEEN LIVING THIS LIFE FOR SO LONG. BUT YOU'VE GOT YOUR WHOLE LIFE AHEAD OF YOU! YOU CAN DO THE THINGS I NEVER WAS ABLE TO DO! YOU CAN SETTLE DOWN! HAVE A FAMILY! I WAS ALWAYS TOO AFRAID I'D TURN INTO MY FATHER AND THAT'S WHY I COULD ONLY DEVOTE MYSELF TO MY WORK. BUT WHEN I MET YOU TREALIZED THAT THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE OUT THERE, FOLKS THAT ARE WORKING TO MAKE THIS MESSED UP WORLD A BETTER PLACE! AND THOUGH I'VE NEVER HAD THE GUTS TO SAY JT OUT LOUD, I'VE ALWAYS THOUGHT OF YOU AS A SON. SO HANG IN THERE, AND LIVE. NOT FOR ME, NOT FOR THEM, BUT FOR YOURSELF. LIVE FOR YOUSELF, YOU HEAR ME? LIVE FOR YOURSELF, I’LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!””
Slay
This video was recommended to me on April 1st. It sure wasn't April fools though
SLAAA
The jumpsuit slayed so hard though
I do the Look to the Horizon a lot, underrated classic
BDG was truly just waiting for an excuse to do drag and um actually delivered
Tardy to the party but if you use these all up at da club and need some fresh moves for the wedding, may I direct you to Louis Cole's video for I'm Tight. With this combined knowledge you will be unstoppable but your clothing budget will skyrocket after all the ripping off you'll suffer.
"hey look at this new move i saw in a video"  *starts floating*
How have I never seen this before??
bdg should go to berghain in that outfit
Seeing a lot of love for the "Look at me man, I'm 65!" and not my go-to, the Chompster's Gambit
i NEED more astronaut lore.
The music reminds me of my recent MRI
17 is me
I love this video 🌈
Ok guys I’m so ready for prom now
thanks brian!! proms coming up and i’m definitely gonna be incorporating these into my dance moves!!
This video is a cry for help. A fabulous fabulous cry for help. SOMEBODY, ANYBODY! GET OUT ON THE DANCE FLOOR AND SAVE THIS GORGEOUS MAN! 😂❤
Honestly this video deserves more love. It's so good.
29: embrace the void 30: the silly arms
I go to the dance club to experience space operas of course.
i just got this notification 💀
the floating subplot was beautiful
Краш!!! Нашла случайно песню GImme Gimme Gimme на яндекс.музыке и теперь не могу перестать слушать. Я еще не совсем разобралась кто вы, тк плохо знаю английский, но выглядит и звучит это превосходно, теперь я однозначно ваша фанатка!!
i need a full version of this song
The story telling of "the did anyone lose this hat" and "the new hat"
The chompster’s gambit is my favorite
that astronaut part was...
those were some powerful peepers
A 2023 rewatch finds that BDG predicted Allen dancing in the Barbie movie with number 30, and personally I'm upset that they didn't go with 31
It has been quite a while since this video came out. I have watched it like 20 times. And every time, the Chompster's Gambit gets an audible chuckle out of me
I had to slow frame "The Powerful Peepers" to be sure that those weren't on your eyes in the first part of the frames. Literally found the exact frame where it transitions and it's so sharp I have no idea how you pulled that off.
I think he could pull off a series about Dancing but it probably would be a metaphor of him leaving Baltimore and having to leave his friends and love behind. Would be fun tho
I am irrationally in love with The Chompster's Gambit
0:40 the hat can be seen when the transition breaks down but before he introduces the hat to the underlying plot.
Ah yes, finally a man who masters the serious limbs!
(=D
I kinda wanted to rewatch Gravity these days but this video will serve me fine
I have no regrets making this my background video for sekiro's mortal peril gauntlet's final boss.
Question: if I watch this video 6 times in a row by clicking the restart button, does it count as six views, or only one, because the page only loaded once?  Hypothetically of course
Don't Tell Your WIFE About This Dance Moves!
The anti shimmy.
This ^^^ this is the kind of content I want more of on this platform
I don't know how to say this but the man in this video does not look like Brian
I’m so excited to see the 5 bulb Garlic butter tutorial dance video! Extra astronaut meat if possible!
I love this video, can't believe it's not on the top 5 most popular from this channel xD
BDG is SO YouTube (compliment)
Another instant classic
bdg is my new favourite pansexual imp
Reenacting gravity while dancing is a vibe  But then silly arms
The chompster's gambit has served me well for years
So we’re just gonna let him get away with hat thievery?
Can I please borrow just a bit of this man’s confidence? I can assure you I wouldn’t misplace it
I kinda really want that suit
this guy knows how to party.
I feel like #32 actually happened, which inspired this whole video.
The: dancing away from your lies"
happy birthday to this video
Why is nobody talking about the serious limbs
The way that The Invisible Jazz Clarinet and The Visible Jazz Flute, But The Flute Is Your Arm are both accompanied by images of saxophones adds a whole new layer of complexity to this video's humour
man the chompster's gambit is the funniest bit ever
The fact that no one has talked at all about the “what are you looking at” really says something about this video. Or the audience. Or me
This is my favourite video in existence. I wish I was kidding; I'm not.
Love, if you're gonna make the text flow by too fast for anyone to read and therefore force us to pause every half second, at least put the text somewhere the youtube bar won't cover it.
You sold your soul
oompa loompa chic (complimentary)
The “did somebody lose their hat??”  …..  THE NEW HAT  …..  :D
these are all incredible, but "Unexpected breakdown transition" makes me feel personally attacked
This is one of my favorite videos ever
This is the wildest on half speed highly recommend
Nice moves, Brian
Fantastic
For anyone who doesn't know, pressing the , and . keys, while paused, will go back and forward one frame.
Recently I went to a party with a decoration thing made of balloons, and one came off, so I was able to do number 16: Advanced Prop Work
does anyone else feel particularly called out by The what are you looking at? or
Maybe it’s just because of the connection to this video but even just hearing this song on its own makes me laugh it’s so funny The little “doodoo doot doot doot doodoot” bit is just so hilarious
1:09 i watched your i wish that i could wear hats video so much i recognize this hat and potentially all the other ones
Found this on a playlist called "how pregeru lies to you". Watching anyway
1:10 man I really wish I could wear that hat
Loving the outfit
i did not realize this was bdg until i was scrolling through his channel and saw it. i feel like… someone has pulled the powerful peepers move on me and i don’t know how to feel
oh the new hat reappears in i wish that i could wear hats :0
But I still don't know where my hands are supposed to be
That Anti-shimmy upsets my feeble human brain.
He gets a new hat in this video and we see it in "i wish that i could wear hats". The plot.
euphoria
BDG got a booty
Thank you for illustrating why I can't dance.
its unfortunate that bdg cant be happy wearing his new hat, what a tragedy
Mans told the whole plot of gravity in 20 seconds
this was an incredible ride; I was genuinely smiling throughout until he reached dance 29: embracing the void. my face physically fell into a blank state, genuinely putting thought to how actually scary it is to suddenly be thrown into space, helplessly accepting your fate whilst awake, letting the frightening truth ease in you must experience a cruel slow death and you can not do anything about it despite all this remaining time. or not! who knows! i got no fucking clue about space. i do know how to dance the Silly Arms though
Looking GREAT in that hat!
That's a top choice vaccination outfit right there
omg I can't believe that hat with strawberries went from a minor role in this video to one of the main roles in "I wish that I could wear hats"! truly a breakthrough in its acting career
He may have gotten a new hat, but now if only he could wear it without looking sad that that hat won't look like he had a plan for that cap to capitalize on how...
*Epic*
This costume was everything
I live how it went from the lil Soace story and him floating in space and accepting the voide to "silly arms"
Absolutely incredible. Now I know the right moves to use in my role to make my role as “generic background partygoer” not generic!
We finally have a spiritual sequel to 'aha what?'
dances moving looks a little different here
You really never know what kind of insane turn BDG is going to make...
always alternating between 17, 32 or acting out a fight in slow motion. there can also be "just shuffling feet and wondering what tf im doing here"
i love any dance move that can be described as a "gambit"
What os it
Once again Briain revealing his connection to horses.
It's actually kinda mean to put an absolute bop on a video you have to pause a lot to get most of the jokes
How did this come out five months ago and I’m just now witnessing it at the crack of dawn  This is going to be a good day. Watched the sunrise reflect pink and purple light off the snow, a herd of deer going through our yard eating what’s still growing, and this masterpiece playing. Serenity. Style. Sequins.
"dance moves at the club" - what a concept
Very helpful, got me sexed. 8/10
are we really just gonna not talk about that....
!
did anyone lose a hat? to "new hat!" really cracked me up
I know this video is supposed to be a joke but im legit making it my goal to learn every one of these XD
Where can I find this music?????
Ok, that's enough internet for today.
I just learned he has his own channel
For all of you looking to practice any of these I made a timestamp list with the dance names 0:04 1. THE CONFIDENT WAITER 0:06 2. THE HAIR GRAB WOBBLE 0:08 3. THE SHIMMY 0:10 4. THE ANTI SHIMMY 0:13 5. THE HIGH KICK 0:14 6. THE HIGHER KICK 0:15 7. THE INVISIBLE JAZZ CLARINET 0:16 8. THE VISIBLE JAZZ FLUTE, BUT THE FLUTE IS YOUR ARM 0:17 9. THE VICE PRINCIPAL WHO WAS FORCED TO CHAPERONE THE 8TH GRADE DANCE 0:19 10. THE HALF-HEARTED BACKBEND 0:20 11. LOOK TO THE HORIZON 0:21 12. THE CHOMPSTER'S GAMBIT 0:24 13. THE TIP TOE SUPREME 0:25 14. THE PAULDRON SLAPPER 0:26 15. THE PROP WORK 0:28 16. THE ADVANCED PROP WORK 0:30 17. THE "I'M REALLY MORE OF A JAM BAND GUY, BUT THIS DJ HAS BEEN PLAYING SOME INTERESTING CHOICES!" 0:31 18. THE RAISE THE ROOF 0:32 19. REALIZE THAT THE ROOF HAS BEEN SLOWLY LOWERING BECAUSE YOU TRIPPED THE TRAP MECHANISM 0:35 20. THE WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT 0:38 21. THE AWKWARD UNEXPECTED BREAKDOWN TRANSITION 0:41 22. THE "FLOATING IN THE AIR" 0:42 23. THE "FLOATING UNDERWATER" 0:44 24. THE "FLOATING IN SPACE" 0:45 25. THE "FLOATING IN SPACE BUT SOMETHING HAS GONE TERRIBLY WRONG" 0:48 26. THE "MISSION CONTROL TELLS YOU THERE WON'T BE ENOUGH OXYGEN FOR YOU AND YOUR CO-ASTRONAUT TO SURVIVE UNTIL THE RESCUE MISSION GETS THERE" 0:50 27. THE "LISTEN TO ME KID,  THIS RESEARCH MISSION IS TOO IMPORTANT FOR BOTH OF US TO DIE. YOU'VE GOTTA MAKE IT OUT OF THIS FOR ME." 0:52 27. THE "LOOK AT ME, MAN! I'M 65! I'VE BEEN LIVING THIS LIFE FOR SO LONG. BUT YOU'VE GOT YOUR WHOLE LIFE AHEAD OF YOU! YOU CAN DO THE THINGS I NEVER WAS ABLE TO DO! YOU CAN SETTLE DOWN! HAVE A FAMILY! I WAS ALWAYS TOO AFRAID I'D TURN INTO MY FATHER, AND THAT'S WHY I COULD ONLY DEVOTE MYSELF TO MY WORK. BUT WHEN I MET YOU I REALIZED THAT THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE OUT THERE, FOLKS THAT ARE WORKING TO MAKE THIS MESSED UP WORLD A BETTER PLACE! AND THOUGH I'VE NEVER HAD THE GUTS TO SAY IT OUT LOUD, I'VE ALWAYS THOUGHT OF YOU AS A SON. SO HANG IN THERE, AND LIVE. NOT FOR ME, NOT FOR THEM, BUT FOR YOURSELF. LIVE FOR YOURSELF, YOU HEAR ME? LIVE FOR YOURSELF! I'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!" 0:56 28. CUTTING THE TETHER 0:58 29. EMBRACING THE VOID 1:01 30. THE SILLY ARMS 1:03 31. THE SERIOUS LIMBS 1:05 32. TRYING TO SHOW OFF A CHOREOGRAPHED DANCE YOU LEARNED ONLINE, BUT NO ONE'S WATCHING YOU SO WHAT'S EVEN THE POINT? 1:09 33. THE "DID ANYONE LOSE THEIR HAT?" 1:10 34. THE NEW HAT 1:12 35. THE "UNDERESTIMATED HOW DIFFICULT AN ASYMMETRICAL JUMPSUIT WOULD BE IN THE BATHROOM" 1:14 36. THIS ONE 1:16 37. THE POWERFUL PEEPERS 1:18 38. THE BIG FINISH
my favorite is "this one"
How was this 4 months ago I thought it was 4 YEARS old
Thank you for dressing up as Renata Bliss, my freestyle dance instructor.
where is The Clockmaker's Son?
Ah yes, *_EMBRACE THE VOID_*
Damn dude you kill it in that outfit
I lost it at "the chompster's gambit"
ok but wheres the step touch
Why can I actually see Micheal Scott doing most of these?
Is there an extended version of this amazing soundtrack?
The what are you looking at legit made me laugh so hard XD
I "embrace the void" every day
Of course, the best dance is freestyle.
I feel called out, I'm never dancing again
Well, that was fun, but horrifying.
i lost it at the look he gave during the "what are you looking at?"
Man, I miss the Big Unravels stuff but... You're amazing, literally anywhere doin' anything. Marry me
This is the bravest thing Brian has done in a while
My guess is someone bet you that you couldn't do your most bits/funniest video in less than 2 minutes, and you were like "I'll do it in a minute thirty" and then shot a 1:39 video that had the most bits/was the funniest that I can remember.
whats the best dance move? easy. ok what? the embracing the void
The raw sexual energy of this video…
Thanks a lot!
I have to say, BDG you are absolutely rocking that outfit. I'm totally serious by the way.
Tag yourself. I am "Embracing the void."
My entire life aspiration is to reach the level of batshit INSANE yet complete genius that this man is at
The chompter's gambit is perfection in a dance
It soo good tho!  3rd time replaying rn.  See you later, after I've replayed this until I hate it.
37 is my favorite dance move to perform
The emotional whiplash I feel when transitioning from "Embracing the Void" immediately to "the silly arms" is so painful
28. Cutting the tether.... 29. Embracing the void...  30. Silly arms!
Where did you get your asymetrical jumpsuit
I had to pause frequently during this video, but i'm not complaining.
39. The "Hi, I'm Renata Bliss, and I'm your freestyle dance teacher"
Love the video but the song sounds straight out of Geometry Dash
something something among us joke
Underrated video
Chomper's Gambit has never let me down
Thats alot of patrons my dude
my favorite move is cutting the tether
I am quite fond of the “serious” limbs 1:02
the what you looking at is my favorite dance
So whens the album dropping with these fire beats aye?
There are two BDG videos about dancing. This one and the sibling dance. Both mention the void of space.  The truth is clear. Someone in this troupe knows the true dance of the void. Perhaps all of them. Which both explains how Brian achieved being his own boss, and how Jake managed to contact his father with the old vhs tapes. Additionally it would explain how he danced his way back to the universe that understood zjierbness. A universe that it was made clear Karen is actually from. Which is presumably why her chromebook was so valuable to the wizard. I'm afraid but I have to explore this further. I must learn the true dance of the void... I must experience zjierbness. It's the only way to get back what is lost.
I'm pretty sure this is what started the moves to try at the club trend on tiktok
Is this an actual song or was it made for this video?
Why did I think he was kicking shaggy
Everyone is talking about Chompsters Gambit, but we’re forgetting the absolute GLORY of the anti-shimmy and Serious Limbs.
Oh, this is the ultimate form of dancers moving. I just got that.
This is the spiritual successor to "Dances Moving"
I cannot read this fast but well done
I cant describe the unknown fear i have of "serious limbs"
Sorry, but is that a high ape playing guitar in the back of 34?
Who keeps giving him sequined dance costumes
These are the most 38 dance moves I've ever seen.
This has so much gay Energy, its almost straight again. Great Video.
That new Nixie hat is pretty dope.
Okay buu gotta wonder if he had a video idea and then bought the jumpsuit to match, or bought the jumpsuit and then thought "hey yknow what would be cool?"
I can't explain any of my friends what your videos are about. Just brilliant content.
I learnt of your existence on the polygon overboard videos.   They didn't capture your weirdness/awesomeness.
Tag yourself im the chompster's gambit
Dances #33 through #34 make up the best plotline in any BDG video. High bar.
Get up with dances moving?
Me: accidentally bangs my elbow against the table The nerves in my arm: 1:03
If I have a gender, it's Brian David Gilbert
super upset to realize bdg did not actually execute the anti-shimmy it was just movie magic. i refuse to be lied to like this. unsubscribed!                                  -former viewer
This music gives me Astro's Playroom vibes
Did you make the beat yourself?
Big fan of the silly arms
This probably my favorite BDG video
its been a month and I only now noticed there's two 27s
Dorian Smiles is really going off the deep end 😬 Too much MLM cocaine?
Imagine being at a club and you just see someone embracing the void
Incredible. Thank you, Brian.
The Powerful Peepers spooked me
Can't believe he left out the world famous dance move 'where is my hat'
dances moving episode 8 was very worth the wait. look at this improvement and all the new dances. well done brian. i never thought i'd see the day.
Tag urself I’m the serious limbs
Let me preface this comment with the statement of I know shit all about fashion.    Is that a one-sleeved red sequined romper... They make one-sleeved red sequined rompers....
Thanks I’ll give all of these a try!
I like that the Chompster's Gambit implies that this dance move is a risk that could potentially potentially pay off in some way for you in the right situation
Tag yourselves I’m the serious limbs
BDG can look good in every outfit
I always use 12, 20 and 31. Keeps creepers off
How does one use the bathroom toilet whilst wearing such an outfit?
haha what
(fun fact: the 39th move is the step touch!)
So this is how we write off the outfit as a business expense.
dances moving is still one of my favorite series
There are so many top patrons and that brings me great joy
Love going to the club mouthing "HEY YOU STOP THAT" at people as my dance move
was that a lirika matoshi bucket hat
I know number 29 well
Omg this is amazing at .2x speed
I adore this video
I adore you well you pull that outfit off
I wonder which came first... The outfit or the video idea?
Embracing the void then doing the silly arms is not mutually exclusive to dance
Dances Moving! Brian has ascended :o
put a st. vincent song over this and it would fit insanely well
I'm doing my favorite dance move right now. The "pausing the video and squinting cause I'm dyslexic and can't read this fast."
Very misleading title I tried both the high kick and higher kick in the club and I am now on bail awaiting trial for assult
Captions: *heavy bass* man that's some weak ass bass. It's just distorted
Is no one going to mention the ‘The Collector’ reference when he trips the trap mechanism
Ily
I thought this was mike's mic or something
best video ever
At first i tought it was like super lame, but....ahahahahahahahahah
I know I have that confidence in me.  Let's dance.
the long-awaited sequel to the ha ha, what? video
Easy to smile, thanks!
the unexpected breakdown transition is so REAL tho
I need this song in my life
The chompsters gambit reminds me of Kurtis Conner's angry twerking in his Barbie vs Bratz video
I can't remember last time laughing as hard as I did with the space bit transitioning straight into silly arms dance
this is just further evidence in support of my theory that all bdg videos start as outfits
Furiously writes down notes in my handy dandy notebook. "Yuss!"
God, have mercy on my pathetic soul because for some reason I like this so much it makes me think I'll definitely go to hell for this.
0:12 Damn Brian just killed Shaggy.
Why was this suppressed for me YouTube? I’ve been waiting for this upload!
had to restart the video halfway through because i got distracted by how hard that fit f_cks
Get this man a stage!
yooo! the silly arms
History books of the future will undoubtedly attest that at a time when people where deseprate and lost, not knowing how to dance anymore after months spent in lockdown, BDG once again came in clutch. ... I hope unleashing #31 on a massive scale is the first thing future people will think to do once they develop person-sized zero-g fields.
Make anymore appearances in songs like thumbnail? cuz damn you can sing
brings me back to the good old days of https://youtu.be/maAFcEU6atk
It was frankly about time you did a compilation like this and it's hard to believe it hasn't been done years ago. Your dancing skills have always been very apparent.
Using this at my audition Tuesday
I never thought I’d be delivered a whole story line through dances but here we are.
GO WATCH DANCES MOVING.
I'm supposed to be writing right now-
Not only are you dressed to impress, you’ve got crazy dancing skills.
Brian is the new boyfriend from Wilbur soots “You’re new Boyfriend”
incredibly creative work!
Where the heck is scary number 4 brian?
Hey, Yesterday I recorded my cover of the perfect pokerap. Not that I expect anyone to see this, but I thought it was cool
wow he covered everything.
Didn't know I needed this today!
I need 29. Embracing the Void to become a reaction image please its just too good
What are you doing for work now? just curious
thank you so much. so much.
holding ur invisible clarinet wrong :(
Also the “existencial crisis on the dance floor”
My hat....
The "Hey, anyone lose a hat?" to The New Hat dance killed. I am dead now. Thank you.
*has dances moving flashbacks*
the serious limbs
"the hurdy gurdy" where you sit in the middle of the floor and play the hurdy gurdy
bruh
ha ha, what
yeah, this is how i dance 😞
cool video but is that a lirika matoshi hat?
Yo this beat fire
wooah
Part of me is disappointed this video is not as surreal as normal bdg content, but the very lack of surreal-ity has left me with a surreal feeling that this is not how things are supposed to be, so I guess imma just watch this 16 more times and call it a day. Nice one.
The Anti-Shimmy was everything 😂👏
Tag yourself, I'm #34
bdg, my king
Such magnificent moves!
thanks
Haha… what?
#meatytuck
Catch me in the club doing No.38 the whole time
That new hat is absolutely choice
brb gotta go try all of these in my living room with the windows open
embrace the void.
quality content
????
yes, so well said
I need this song as a ringtone, as an anthem, just to be more present in my life in general.
Dances Moving, the Pet Sematary edition.
The anti-shimmy is gonna haunt me
Ah! I see! So this is what Matt Murdock does with his spare time.
i wish i could read like 10 times faster
In a way, this is ALSO an existential horror short
Every day for the last week I've had a song in my head and had to spend a few minutes going 'where tf is that song from?' only to have the image of Brian in this jumpsuit flash through my mind.
Brian David Gilbert for President
dance ing
Love when I’m dancing in the club
I swear Brian's wardrobe is amazing!
I keep coming back to this and I don't know if it's for the sick moves or the masterpiece that is this song
I kinda expected this to be terrifying
Great vid today Brian
this video is somehow the most impressive and most terrifying thing i have ever watched
this is very intimidating
Serious limbs should be a standard move.
григорий лепс в молодости,  colorised
1:01 sounds like brian singing
as of yet i cant confirm, but I just FEEL like a better dancer, ya know?
You sir...... are a king among men!
The dislikes are jealous people would couldn’t do the dances
does anyone know the instrumental on this?
Oh yeah. That was good. Frickin hit it dude
Also I unironically want that outfit. And i want to wear it with my black and white wingtip shoes.
Not gonna lie the first time I watched this I thought the clipart guy you kicked was Shaggy from Scooby Doo bc green shirt and also I have bad eyesight lmaoooooo
man what a dance tutorial to try out! i just need to buy a space suit and some rocket
27. The "Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you!"  For those folks that want to watch the video without interruptions but didn't want to miss out on that unexpected 5-second space epic.
This is absolutely beautiful
You, sir, are insane. And I love that. Please continue to do the things you do
Praise be to Brian David Gilbert yet again!
The anti shimmy is just being possessed
pause, then go to 0:56 to get the full #27
WHERE IS THE SIBLINGS DANCE?
That anti shimmy tho...
Notice how this is double the number of moves than the 19 ways to say “Ha ha, what?”  It is my belief that there will be 76 ways to make jorts in the very near future
Holy frick Brian, this is next level
Dances moving!
Chain chomp's gambit is definitely the next one I try out at the club
the sequel to dances moving we've all been waiting for
It's no exaggeration to say that I love your videos and if you stop I will hunt you down
well that was a journey
I bet BDG wore this to to work every day when he was at Polygon
this hits like a 2014 buzzfeed video
Brian, I'm not sure if that's a call for help or just next level shitpost at this point in time
you’re my favorite alumni
I set it to 0.25x at one point so I could read the text. I regret nothing.
wait thats my hat
If you ever need a + one positive lift... just read this comment. (It's stackable btw!) Love your work.
As always, you've amazed me with an incredible show of talent and delight. Thank you for your contribution to my life.
he was probably able to afford a asymmetrical jumpsuit by being his own boss and making his own hours
Nice outfit
Bravo
big haha what energy
"serious limbs" will be a gif
Is bdg just a genre now? The genre is "a short video but you'll have to pause a lot"
He IS renata bliss
where’s the step touch?? i thought it was supposed to get me through the dance of life…
I took me 40 seconds to favorite this video.
I wish dancing and going out was like this
you look russian
I have a pintrest board dedicated to this man what has my life becomr
This isnt 31 dances, this is ONE dance. It's called the "saw this outfit in the mirror of a mall shop and it spoke to me but now I have to think of a reason to wear it on camera"
This outfit is giving me EVERYTHING
Loving the outfit btw..! XD
Ayo the vid has 420k views
The new Renata Bliss
I don't like this, it's not ok....  great video but I am feeling really awkward
i don’t remember this episode of dances moving
BDG makes another dancing video  Me remmebering how the last one ended: uh oh
Why is the music such a vibe.
"The Chomster's'Gambit" xDDDD
At my cousins wedding yesterday, I kept wishing I had something more impressive to show off on the dance floor. If only I had seen the anti-shimmy before then. The tragedy of coming too late to a bdg upload
No, you don’t ever realize what a trial those one piece looks are gonna be until you’re naked on a public toilet, nips in the wind, with your spangly outfit pooled at you ankles- questioning all you choices and trying desperately not to make eye contact through the sizable gap in the stall door with the person washing their hands. Or so I hear.
A masterpiece
beautiful
the Dances Moving! sequel we don’t deserve
the chompsters gambit always gets me and I have no idea. what are the stakes
I fucking cried watching this what the heck.
I think the funniest part of this is the patron list at the end, reminding us that BDG indeed was paid money to make this.
I may be in love with this man
#26 is missing a 'you' Literally unwatchable!
S R S L M B S
What song is this? My guess is it was made for this video but if there's a full version I want to hear it.
I await the day where Brian hits a million and all of us can say we were subscribed before a million
Goddamnit it, BDG. How are you the best thing on this great blue marble? Love you to the stars and back.
I look up to you man
I am astounded that this man has patreon supporters but I’m glad he does
imma try these as soon as I find a warlock patron and they accept my soul in place of untold eldritch power
Saturday Night Live material, this talent shouldn't be passed up on
I too choose to embrace the void whenever I've been talked into going to a club
dances moving is back
I love that the Internet has a system of paying people for this kind of content.
The Chompster's Gambit is the funniest sequence of letters I've ever read
So youre the one who taught my sims to dance
Only 38? amateur...
Haha, what?
I think this BDG guy might be a little strange.
thanks
What Men Think Women Want: Women want a chad who's mean to them and tells them to do the dishes  What Women Want:
Can we appreciate this glorious outfit??
Ha, gay.
The rest of the world can only aspire to the wardrobe idol that is BDG
I'm not sure why but The Chompster's Gambit is my favourite!
The Big Finish was pretty solid
I feel like BDG just wiggled in front of a green screen for hours and then edited the random footage into a video. Don't get me wrong, Its a good video. But there was DEFINITELY a lot of uncoordinated wiggling behind the scenes
BDG is the only youtuber convincing me to watch his videos at 0.25 speed
This is like if Bo Burnham decided to do Inside when he had like 2000 subs on YouTube. I love it.
im sorry but this beat goes so hard i can’t stop listening to it
The "hey is anyone missing a hat?" and The New Hat is me every single day
Good job
Can't believe he skipped The Lawnmower.
I like this song. What is it?
This is the sequel to Dances Moving.
Please
Dance number 31 caught me off guard
Damn I gotta try that serious limbs move this prom use it to impress the ladies
I was looking for moves to try I  the club. I'm glad this dude fits my style
This is perfection incarnate and we are not worthy
1. the confident waiter 2. the hair grab wobble 3. the shimmy 4. the anti-shimmy 5. the high kick 6. the higher kick 7. the invisible jazz clarinet 8. the visible jazz flute, but the flute is your arm  9. the vice principal who was forced to chaperone the 8th grade dance 10. the half-hearted back bend 11. look to the horizon 12. the chompster's gambit 13. the tip toe supreme 14. the pauldron slapper 15. the prop worker 16. the advanced prop worker 17. the "I'm really more of a jam band guy, but this DJ has been playing some interesting choices!" 18. the raise the roof 19. realize that the roof has been slowly lowering because you tripped the trap mechanism 20. the what are you looking at? 21. the awkward unexpected breakdown transition  22. the "floating in the air" 23. the "floating underwater" 24. the "floating in space" 25. the "floating in space but something has gone terribly wrong" 26. the "mission control tells you that there won't be enough oxygen for you and your co-astronaut to survive until the rescue mission gets there" 27. the "listen to me kid, this research mission is too important for both of us to die. You've got to make it out of this for me."    27. the "look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I was never able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father. And that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized there are good people out there. Folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud. I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself. You hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you! 28. Cutting the tether 29. Embracing the void 30. the silly arms 31. the serious limbs 32. trying to show off a choreographed dance you learned online, but no one's watching you so what's even the point? 33. the "did anyone lose their hat?" 34. the new hat 35. the "underestimated how difficult an asymmetrical jumpsuit would be in the bathroom" 36. this one 37. the powerful peepers 38. the big finish
If your favorite isn’t “The Chompster’s Gambit” then we can’t be friends.
i’m seeing not enough people pointing out how good the leotard looks
you were made for that outfit brian
Number 15 should have had "what's so funny" playing in the background
Why did I think these were going to be actually good advice for dance moves when I clicked on the video
shameless using his hot bod to get views. get it KING
Nervous to watch this because last time I watched a bdg dance video I got so homesick and depressed I wanted to die
Bdg is very gender in this one.
I have no idea what that outfit is but my god it works
Gravity was a great movie
A video where the outfit clearly came before and inspired the content. We stan.
0:49 is missing a "you" Other than that... Perfect!
I’m gonna legitimately start doing this because that’s just hilarious
I'm 100% here for the serious limbs
I'm 100% here for the serious limbs
I love this.
This was so funny 😂😂
"I'm really more of a jam band guy, but the DJ has been playing some interesting choices." I have been seen to my very soul.
Marvelous how it keeps getting more cursed and that in just one and a half minutes
I'm going to try the chompster's gambit
31 is my favorite
Chompster's Gambit sounds quite homestuck
Good job three first names man
I hate you Brian <3
style-
This is the best thing that has ever existed
I guarantee this video was made because he saw this outfit, said “Glorious!” and was immediately inspired to make…. Something.
The unexpected breakdown transition is a big relate
I feel weirdly emotional over the four second bit about the astronaut and I'm not sure it's a good thing
I'm taking club dances as a crash course after "dances, moving!"
0:32 wow The Collection 2012 reboot looks great
Watched this a couple of times. . . at .25 speed. I don’t have a problem! I can quit anytime.
yes
as ever with bdg I am equal parts amused and unnerved
I live in constant fear of all your videos secretly being horror
This video was 100% just an excuse to wear that outfit, and I completely approve.
thank you brian i will try the moves
Brian please what was the original context for this outfit
I was not ready
Brian! What have you done? "The Chompster's Gambit" was my deal closer on the dance floor. Now all the guys in the club will be working the dancefloor with their pearly whites. I spent years mastering the Gambit for nothing!
Never change.
Now I want somebody to remake the dance 😂✨
The vice principal is always my go to if were being honest
Nice hat
I like how moves 24-28 are basically the plot of Gravity from 2013 and 29 being the ending I thought might happen XD
This very much feels like "well I have this sequined leotard, now what video can I make with it? "
Hes even dancing the ornaments reflection i cant breathe
The "awkward unexpected breakdown transition" is too real, it gets me everytime.
that was unhelpful
outstanding
This, amongst other things, is exactly why im subscribed.
Me at Chuck E. Cheese like
had to watch slowed down then on normal speed
My phone was acting up and wouldn't let me close the app. I think it was trying to stop me from missing this very important instructional video.
I need a GIF of Number 31-... For reasons.
*flashback to dances moving*
that new hat though
"The new hat" got me
That was more of a medium finish
This will be great for when the clubs reopen here in Melbourne, Australia. Thank you.
I really love this random stuff, but i'd honestly hope for more bdg long Form content again, i really liked the cooking Videos for example
Damn, wild how this video manages to recreate the entire first half of Gravity in a tiny fraction of the time
Oh only 1:39? This should be a quick watch.  EDIT: Help, I can't stop watching it again and again! The dance moves are too good! Set me free BDG! I want to see my family again!
like. I already like guys but is there a term for "im not gay but" for people who are
I was disappointed to see you wearing something so understated in this video. Couldn't you have zhuzhed it up a bit?
Them peepers strong
This is the funniest man on the earth and I will not be taking comments at this time
The good has the done diddley gone mmmhmmm...
Ok but Brian absolutely rocked the fit I cannot stress this enough
OH GOD I'VE DONE 32
Those new shoes?
brian im still not emotionally healed after dances moving please refrain from dancing in the future thank you best wishes
Dances moving guy really moved up the world
.... why can't I stop watching this... the song. The beat. The Moves... is this ultra instinct??
Brian is there footage of you doing that astronaut monologue out loud? Because if so the people need to see it.
Okay but bdg is absolutely killing it in this outfit!!
Unrelated, but I thank you BDG for getting me past this sickness I've seen your videos so many times that instead of focusing on my exhaustion and dizziness, I could recall most of your videos through audio alone
EVERY SINGLE VIDEO THIS MAN UPLOADS IS A FUCKING BANGER! BDG, COMEDIC GENIUS AND LEGEND.
He really went to the thrift store, saw the most ridiculous outfit, and said "now this? I can make a video with this"
I tried way too hard to read the last line of the text in 27
i want this song so bad!
1:17 That was horrifying
Any chance we will see some deep dives into video games? I would love to see a video on scp's and the foundation.
The song slightly sounds like a mid-2000s suburban mother's conception of club music, but Brian's dance moves are killing!
You're content is normally funny, but I was not expecting this video to be a funny as it was.
ok but for real how the fuck did you put that on
did i just have a fever dream?
Immaculate as always, so glad my Patreon subscription is going to such an excellent cause
So are you really not doing any more unraveleds?
I've never laughed harder from a paused screen in my life
Catch me in the club Embracing the Void
Excuse me, I did the anti-shimmy and ma no paralyzed from the funk downwards?
Please, you and chris fleming NEED to meet
godlike
I love you
this is so so so good how are you so good
I want to know where he got the outfit
1:01 oh geez there's a face in the smoke how'd that get there
finally, dances moving episode 8.
Erm, you didn’t need to spoil Ad Astra!
Art.
+
The first time I watched this I paused it at each slide to ensure I could read the words whereas the second time I just focused on the dancing and fully ignored the words, and they were completely different experiences.
haha what
You're a lunatic and we love it 😂😂
31 is just the sponge
I greatly enjoyed these dance moves!
26 has a typo
bdg has no business looking that good in an asymmetrical jumpsuit
I love. Brian
Here’s that new thing that you’re choosing, get up and dances moving
As always, I'm confused
huh
i really wonder what this man does in his free time
It's always a haunting experience when a Gilbert starts dancing *goes off to watch the "sibling dance"
Every time I watch this I get destroyed by the three hit combo of Chompster's Gambit into Tip Toe Supreme into Pauldron Slapper
- "Remember when dancing was about wiggle arms and crabs?" - "Simpler times my friend"
I am stangly ok to this
BDG taught me this move!
Dances Moving Part2: The Dancening
"silly arms" all night
sir another banger
if you watched this without pausing, you may be superhuman
Song release when
Automate Follow and Unfollow for Instagram and other features. This app only costs $3.
Does anyone know what this music is? It’s pretty good
Well i just learned how to edit and im also alone at home sooo (( makes this Poisen))
The anti-shimmy will haunt me.
i hope i see this in the background tv of an obscure sitcom
Top-tier BDG
When shit gets real, taking off your sunglasses is a must. Even if you are currently in outer space
That outfit says "I bought this to be one of Mudd's Women for a Star Trek convention but then COVID happened."
On thank god, it's not Dances Moving 2, it's just a horribly odd set of visuals to haunt me for days.
Did not disappoint
you are a delight
Boy; you crazy!
*Hey, to you reading* .... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
I just know he found this outfit and immediately came up with the entire concept
This video has completely different tones depending on the order in which it was created.   Did Brian purchase the leotard for this bit, or did Brian already have/bought it before and needed to justify his ownership of it?  Is each individual dance just a section of a longer take of Brian just flailing his body and then in post ascribing titles to each?  Did Brian create a list of fake dance move names and perform his interpretation of them?  Perhaps a combination of the 2?
BDG videos are always a nice surprise :)
i’ll be sure to use these
Teach me for I must learn.
And they say white boys cant dance... I mean I can't. But...
The music was perfect for the chompster gambit
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
No one's gonna mention the fact that there is a reflection of this man dancing across the room in the Christmas tree ornament WHILE HE'S HOLDING IT?? Truly advanced prop work.
Oh, man, I love *Embracing the Void.* It's a classic!
I respect this silly man
Is it just me or does Brian look like Andrew Scott Jim Moriarty if he snaps another brain cells
Where is the beauty? Where is the music? Just an empty show
why is this so fucking sexy
Crap..... really? Cowboy up
I wonder if he wrote the sparkly leotard off as a business expense in his taxes
wish i had this video to show me how to dance like a god for prom
I am envious of how good he looks in a spangly outfit...actually any thing he wears.
Imma go out to the club and break out "embracing the void"
Is 32 just brian calling out kpop fans? Because I feel called out
watching this at half speed to read all the descriptions give is A VERY different energy
The Silly Arms
thank you brian i love you
Instructions unclear, caused WW5
how are all of your videos this good!? I'm not into dancing, and I'm too young to go clubbing—not that it would even be that safe right now—but this was still so perfectly aimed at me. You know what, don't even answer that. I don't want to know. I just want more videos.
It's BDG, so I know there's always gonna be something that surprises me in the video, and "Advanced Prop Work" was *REALLY* well done lmao
WERQ that costume
Moves 24-29 deserve an Oscar! I have never felt so emotionally attached to a set of dance moves before.   10/10 would definitely make everyone at the club cry with a background of trap music again 👍
Love your content!! Stay safe everyone ❤️ ❤️❤️❤️
Algorithm
chaotic dance content!
Always got to do the Anti Shimmy to assert dominance
I wanna be friends with everyone who thinks this is the pinnacle of art and entertainment
Ah yes, my favorite dance move: *EMBRACING THE VOID*
I like how  this certain row in a consonant inventory table dances!
Going from "Did anyone lose this hat" to "New hat!" was easily the most compelling story arc in this video
the cuts are too quick, i cannot even enjoy all of the dance moves that quickly ://///
BDG looks like an Oompa Loompa that left the factory to pursue his true passion - figure skating
Finally, the Dance Moving sequel I've been waiting for
fire
I see some of my go-to moves on that list. And plenty of moves to add.
I haven’t had to pause this much since ha ha what
IT'S 38 ON TRENDING XD
the "did anyone lose a hat?" to " the new hat" will be a very quick transition depending on the amount of drinks already consumed
"LOOK AT ME, MAN! I'M 65! I'VE BEEN LIVING THIS LIFE FOR SO LONG. BUT YOU'VE GOT YOUR WHOLE LIFE AHEAD OF YOU! YOU CAN DO THE THINGS I NEVER WAS ABLE TO DO! YOU CAN SETTLE DOWN! HAVE A FAMILY! I WAS ALWAYS TOO AFRIAD I'D TURN INTO MY FATHER, AND THAT'S WHY I COULD ONLY DEVOTE MYSELF TO MY WORK. BUT WHEN I MET YOU, I REALIZED THAT THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE OUT THERE, FOLKS THAT ARE WORKING TO MAKE THIS MESSED UP WORLD A BETTER PLACE! AND THOUGH I'VE NEVER HAD THE GUTS TO SAY IT OUT LOUD, I'VE ALWAYS THOUGHT OF YOU AS A SON. SO HANG IN THERE, AND LIVE. NOT FOR ME, NOT FOR THEM, BUT FOR YOURSELF. LIVE FOR YOUSELF, YOU HEAR ME? LIVE FOR YOURSELF! I'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!" 😥
Alternate title: I got this flashy new onepiece and I‘m gonna show it off 🕺🏾
Pure genius
Are you lgbt
You are a gift.
So that's what bdg does when he has too much free time and skill,,,, frightening
My go to is the Chompers Gambit
the outfit, the attitude, the spice. immaculate
I'm convinced Brian finds the outfits first and makes a video around them to justify his purchase
Hey you got on trending
Brian just proved to all of us that he can effortlessly beat Shaggy with a dance move, he's too strong.
This entire channel is straight of of Bo Burnham's "what?"
I love how a 1:39 second video from BDG transforms into a 10 minute video for me. So much content is jam packed in every second. I rewind every video over and over, just to appreciate the nuance. It's blissful
favs are 2 and 34
Why did i click on this thinking it would be serious
this is the "the 19 ways you can say haha, what" sequel we didn't know we needed
Would have loved to see the "crab" or the "slow worm", which I do every morning and I do not know what to do I tried everything but it just can't be stopped I asked my doctor and they told me they never saw something so confusing before it's not that I have deppresion (even tho sometimes it feels like it) it is litteraly impossible do get out of my bed my friend helped pull me out but it just couldn't be done I can freely move my arms and legs but I can't push my self out of he bed once we even tried tilting the bed but alas i stuck to it please tell me if there is any way to fix this I searched for months PLEASE HELP ME
The 172 dislikes are from people who are now questioning their sexuality.
38th on trending
Brian David Gilbert "Inside"
At the time of this comment this video is #38 on trending, beautiful.
watch him go
Accidentally watched on 1.25 speed. Woo
speechless but making a comment anyway to increase viewer interaction metrics
Ausitm
The drip goes hard
you're slowly morphing into chris flemming and i love it
Perfection.
Is this what we are teaching our childeren not on my watch.
gamourous!
This has more layers than my lasagne! And I make a pretty mean lasagne!
I love the "Awkward unexpected breakdown transition", I love it so much that it's the only thing I use when dancing
The closed captioning on this video is lit.
Anyone know the name of the track?
Powerful
I think someone watched Ad Astra recently...
Thank you, Brian
But can we get a greenscreen version?
That leotard is so loud and I love it.
38 on trending
This just saved my summer
This was incredible
But. Also. What song is this? Cuz I wanna dance serious limbs to it.
haha pick your favorite  mine is embracing the void
Next time I'm at the club imma just be thinking about heartbreaking astronaut drama the whole time
The serious limbs get me every gd time I love this
GET VACCINATED SO I CAN TRY ALL THESE OUT FOR 2ND PRIDE LOSERS.
wheres the crab.
That's some A-5 Ham right there
Classic Gilbert.
Finally, the much-awaited sequel to the 19 ways you can say "ha ha, what"
LISTEN.. I'm gonna try not to make this comment TOO horny, but what an absolute treat this video is.
As someone who used to go to goth clubs a lot in college, I have been the victim of the Awkward Unexpected Breakdown followed by Floaty Bit many times!
Looking forward to busting out the new hat on every occaision possible.
It's so weird. I sensed your energy after the video went up but didn't see it posted till the next day.
This is what i'd expect to see on interdimensional cable
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life." -John 3:16(bible)    "the wages of sin is death"-Bible. Therefore God the judge has given man the death sentence due to man's sin, but because of God's mercy, he gave himself(god incarnate/jesus)to die on a cross for the sins of the world. That means he paid our fine and if we trust in him God can legally let us go guilt free in court/judgment day and have everlasting life with Him "go and sin no more"-Jesus
Where did you find that outfit and how do I get on?
absolutely beautiful as always, thank you
bdg drops another banger in the genre of "1-2 minute long list video that takes several times longer than that to watch bc you have to constantly pause, replay, and slow down the video to fully enjoy it"
1.39 of edited dancing just to show off a new jumpsuit? Rightfully so you look damn good in it
This is the most informative video on the net.
My spacebar got a lot of work in throughout this vid.
never felt so gay
I… love this man with every part of my heart
The amount of funny videos he's been putting out lately makes me scared for the Eldritch horror he surely has in the works
This was such a good birthday present lmao
Can't wait to try out no. 23
"Nice!  Another funny video!"  1:03  "I retract my previous statement."
a good excuse to show off a sick ass outfit
I think you found Steve Martin's hat
Glad to see Brian going back to his roots
ummm 0:48 there's a typo you said not enough oxygen for and your instead of for you and your HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA it's okay man happens to the best of us.
You look like Miz Cracker's lip sync vs Roxxxy Andrews
Thank you, i am complete
It’s all fun and games in a BDG video until some crazy eldritch horror attacks or Brian goes into a deep depression over having to move away from his friends and we all question reality for a moment and what we’re doing with our lives.
He's done it!
I liked the ape bass player lol
Number 27, "He may have been your father boy, but he certainly wasn't your daddy."
looking forward to seeing some of these in fortnite
Embracing the void is my go-to from now on.
nice moves
This has some Marc Rebillet vibes.
i know you just bought the jumper and felt like you needed to make a video with it
I would very much like to see the compilation video of people doing these dance moves and yelling "bdg taught me this move!"
Jolly good show
29. Embracing the void. 30. Silly arms.  To me that’s the best pair. Convince me otherwise
You forgot the best of all time.  The sibling dance
David be packing.
Wow great video except I think that the Silly arms is a bit too goofy for the Club
Really needed this. Can't wait to test these out on the floor!
The New Hat is honestly my favourite move and the most honest because you truly just find things and then vibe out with it for a hot minute
Epic
0.25 playback speed here I come
Finally, the sequel to Dances Moving we've been waiting for!
Ok YouTube and your random recommendations
"Hi, I'm Renata Bliss, and I'm your freestyle dance teacher"
So dumb
i sat down with my dinner, and i could not look away for 1 second to eat
Thank you for publishing this a few days before I go back into a club, I shall study these moves to use because I've forgotten how human bodies are supposed to move
You're so freakin weird, man. 5 stars.
BDG is the only creator whom I expect to do something different then breaks my expectations by doing something more different than what I was ready for.
Why
I watched this on 0.25x speed, which was horrifying but at least I got the astronauts tale I dramatic slow mo
beautiful. amazing.
I love this man.
Another good move is “The Zjeirb”.
thanks bdg, I'm going to implement these moves on my next night out :)
i finally can dance well in my room alone thanks brian!
I was woefully unprepared for the Powerful Peepers
My goal when dancing is that the void stares back into me
I’m getting serious “Once in a Lifetime” vibes from this video
I used to be scared of going out with friends in places where we were expected to dance... I'm happy to say that this fear belong in the past
This is like a weird spiritual successor to Dances Moving and the 19 ways to say "ha ha, what"
I feel like Brians 2 motivations for making videos are either A. here is something unsettling that you have to watch multiple times to fully understand or B. look at this ice cream machine/hurdy gurdy/shiny jumpsuit/pair of rollerblades that I own now
I like this excuse to be uncomprehensibly sexy and shiny
The amount of rewatched and pauses this took to truely appreciate this was insane. But worth it!
Thank you?
The transition in mood from 29 to 30 brings me great joy
This the sequel to 'Ha Ha, What?'??
I feel like you could reach more people who desperately need to see your content with click bait titles. These are anti click bait and I feel sad for everyone who misses this
It's a shame these can only be tried at the club. The confident waiter would have been a killer move at a restaurant
Brian I know I don't need to tell you this but you look amazing. Keep it up!
honestly? I hope to see the anti-shimmy on the dance floor one day!
Fabulous. I can't wait to try out these moves.
7.8 Not enough water.
Instant classic
cool glasses
#27 on trending.  how appropriate.
Come on. Just make 62 more 🙃
Boost your Organic Followers to make everyone known about your Brand and Product. This app only costs $3.
Very good an informative video. taught me many dances, will be trying at club, thank you.
This might be my favorite BDG video yet, and that's saying a lot
The whole Armageddon scene was so much more powerful than the movies
Love you man
kinda looks like Moriarty from Sherlock
Thank you for this
I think The Serious Limbs may have actually fuckin killed me
I think The Serious Limbs may have actually fuckin killed me
pov someone you know bought this asymetrical jumpsuit on impulse and is trying to prove to you that it wasn't an unnecessary purchase
Nice jumpsuit.
I love this
Serious limbs really had me cracking up
I was the copilot of Brian he was like the father I never had
I hope others also watched this at .25 speed to read and also still paused during that one part. This is a 400 second video that expands to fill even more time, reminding us that for every second we see there are ever more branching seconds behind the scenes.
Dances Moving has soared to new heights, I see
please please please show me where u got that outfit I need it
I think I'll go with Chomper's gambit
Congrats on hitting the trending page
brian what the fuck <3
This was an otherworldly experience
1:05 i’m on the next leh-vul
BDG continues to make high-quality art
Pretty sure the Chompster's Gambit requires those exact sunglasses to be effective.
ha ha what
I've probably watched all of your videos 10 times over..     but it's not enough..  I've let you down
ain't nobody ready for me to bust out the Chomper's Gambit
you know you're in for a ride when you watch a 1:40 minute bdg video and it takes you about twice as long because you want to pause and read all of the text you're missing
the internet was a mistake
“The Chompster’s Gambit” Sounds like a book from Dostoevsky’s silly phase.
BDG you are a very silly person. FIVE STARS!
This on .5 speed is the theme-song of quarantine
WOW I have got sparkly romper envy
will 100% be using number 27
???????
Seemingly normal premise? Check.  Good music?  Check.  Dark twisted ending?  Check.  This is a good Brian David Gilbert video.
The vibes on this one are ATROCIOUS, thanks bdg
Sry DBG, I usually love your content. This time not so much. But at least I like your channel enough to leave a comment about it.
god, i love you
"did anyone lose their hat" and "new hat" was my favorite bit but there are no losers here
WE DONT DESERVE THIS MAN
Who knew dances moving had a sequel
0:32 Is this a The Collection reference? Lmao
“Guys I’m working on something pretty ground breaking” - Brian earlier this week.
BDG is slowly becoming more and more powerful
Where did he get that jumpsuit I want one just like that
Another masterpiece thank you
Disgusting
lol
https://youtu.be/Rrhxl50wv8k
was 19 supposed to be a reference to the hit movie The Collection?  I'll take my answer off the air
For #9, can anyone else clearly hear BDG's voice their my head saying, "Hey you, stop that!" ?
This was a beute
that was an emotional roller coaster, and this video was the first time I saw the redesigned like and dislike buttons. it is also the first time I pressed the redesigned "like" button
Bro you got Hella top patrons! Good on ya!
"Repent, for the kingdom of heaven is near."
The most paused video on youtube
_Almost get the feeling that this video was made entirely so he could purchase that outlandish dance costume and write it off as a work purchase, money well spent_
and here i innocently thought we were getting a spin-off epilogue from the dancing series
This is totally an Astro remake and i'm not crazy, right?
God fuck i want that jumpsuit
i love the mission control tells you there won't be enough oxygen for you and your co-astronaut to survive until the rescue mission gets there
If Alpharad can get a theater of people to sit through copypasta, I believe you can get a sold out show of the lusty argonian maid. Especially if you make it the musical it deserves to be.
powerful
i was half a minute in when I realized there were titles i was just soo distracted by the bdg's dancing
Thanks for the helpful dancing guide! I’m sure these moves will make me the life of the party in college! I know if no one else has got my back, BDG won’t leave me hanging.
dem peepers
Anyone else feel like bdg saw the jumpsuit in a store, bought it, and made this video because of it?
very BRODYQUEST energy
*tries on a new outfit, realises he looks good as hell* hey i can make a video out of this  and he was absolutely right to do so
seeing an upload from bdg is truly a unique and consistent release of serotonin. keep keeping
Matt Murdock has taken his unemployment hard I see
38 dance moves to try at the club
why is no one talking about the Powerful Peepers. I'm scared.
the perfect sequel to "ha ha, what?"
*looks at BDG's clothes*  I hope this doesn't awaken anything in me
Your hair looks so matted at the end Holy shit 🤣
ok but can u flance
I feel like Brian watched Gravity and then decided to make this video
Dances Moving: Shippuden
Is that Jim Moriarty in the thumbnail?
doctor robotnik shows off his moves
"Live long, kid...I'll miss ya" -astronaut, probably
I don’t know which I prefer…. If he found that amazing outfit online or if he custom made it…
For a second, I thought that BDG was more powerful than Shaggy, but we don’t have to be scared. It was just a stock cartoon guy with a green shirt.
bdg is always pushing the bar for new ways to abuse his greenscreen, and of course new ways to get funky
This is it… The dancing Queen.. oh god she’s only seventeen!!!!!!
bro i love this song can someone please tell me what it is
So, should I yell, "BDG taught me this move!" AFTER or BEFORE telling them the move is called the "Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father. And that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there. Folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself. You hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you!"?
Hilarious and exactly what I needed. I’ll always love you.
Dances Moving  Part 2: Asymmetrical Jumpsuit
Im in love with you Mr Gilbert (/p)
but do they work with every song like the step touch (!) does ??
This is so stupid... I don't know why you would ever do this at all.  I need more. Please.
Mr Brian you look SO GOOD
the long awaited return of dances moving
It took until number three for me to even realise he is wearing the most fabulous dress ever
Watching this on 0,5x to be able to read the names was... An experience...
man she wasnt lying. that brian david be gilbert
This reminds me of Jenna Marbles in the best way possible
We’re going to a wedding on Sunday, these will be helpful
Mostly just laughing thinking about how long you spent naming these 😂😂 27 really slayed me. Quality content
See you in space, cowboy
I am willing to bet an arm and a leg that he brought the jumpsuit first and made this video inspired by it
Is that from Gravity?
Who else spend more than 1 min and 39 seconds trying to pause on the perfect spot so you can read the last line of dance move 27?
I just want to know if the video idea or the outfit came first
It's the goat eyes that really got my 🐐
First time I’ve ever taken advantage of playback speed of 0.5x
My god you've done it again you marvelous son of a bee
I AM number 32 😂😂
COMMENTING FOR THE ALGORITHM
He really hit hard when Dances Moving ended
Shit, I ain't gay... but
thanks, brian
Up vote a million times
jamBanDGuy
My favourite move at the club is also the Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father. And that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there. Folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself. You hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you!  Gets the ladies every time
My wife was very sad that this was so short. *listening to wife in background going on about BDG lookin' good in a sparkly red outfit*
Joke's on you, I already shout "bdg taught me this move!" while dancing. Also sometimes when not dancing.
Anti shimmy had me dying
...You look good in that
This video was made to be watched on .25 speed
this made my day
so i guess we know brian read Starclimber during quarantine
Thank you Mr. Gilbert
This is a good video.
How did bdg learn my floating in water moves?
no. 39: the had to pause the video every 1 second to read the text
why do i feel that brian's creative process consists of impulse shopping and then brainstorming a video that involves the purchase so that he can claim it on tax as a business expense?
I’ve been watching this at 0.5 speed to better read the descriptions, and honestly I feel like the music hits so much harder that way.
39. ultra beast/mythical/legendary dream ballet
Talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it in a blender, shit on it, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it
strong "19 ways to say 'ha ha, what?'" energy  i love it
Nice walk through but the typo on tip #26 really pulled me out of my immersion, shattered experience. 7/10
This is the sequel to "the 19 ways you can say 'haha, what?'"
1:03 any time a character glitches in an open world game
91 people didn't like being reminded of when they cried in public watching the film gravity
Brian has singlehandedly funded the stock image market with this video
The b & d in bdg stands for big daddy now  Big Daddy Gilbert
Tag yourself- I'm Advanced Prop Work
Either BDG is having a nervous breakdown or he’s ascending to a higher plane of existence
Embracing the void is pretty much my goto dance move.
A R T
This has Upside Down version Chris Fleming energy and I am here 👏 for 👏 it
The title alone is giving me flashbacks to dance is moving
No one: BDG: Hey look I made you some ✨C O N T E N T✨
BDG for Eurovision 2022
29. e̵m̸b̵r̵a̷c̵i̵n̶g̷ ̷t̴h̶e̴ ̵v̵o̷i̷d̵ 30. silly arms
Why... why can I only give one like when bdg has given us 38 dances?
damn he neck snip snappin
I love you Brian
Ladies love him.
this is what the internet was made for
I have never had to pause a video more in my LIFE.
Did you say you want a lore out of BDG video?     1. There once was a young man who was a confident waiter.  2. Struggling with life but (3)he is  trying to fit in. (4)Until one day he had enough. (5&6) He got into some troubles and fought in gangs and stuff.  7&8. Decided to stop when he found passion in Jazz. (9) Meet an s.o but decided to not pursue the relationship because he's afraid of being a father. (10) he broke up and got sad.  11. He started to think about his future a lot. (12-14) due to his past he got recruited in some secret government program and this is the training montage. (15-16) He either accidentally discovered that he has super power or he gained power in the super secret government program.  17. Discovering that he likes music other than Jazz  18&19. In one of his missions, he was sent into a trap. (20) after being heavily injured in the accident (21) he gained a little clarity of the universe and decided to find it.   22-23. Travelling montage.  24-29. Self explanatory and also he found what he's been searching for.  30. He survived in space with the help of his superpower which is improving with the knowledge of the void. (31) His powers are too much and out of control. (32) Finally manages to control his power but his body is deteriorating?  33-35. With his newfound power he discovered how to take over another person's body and move on with his life.  37. Realises that he is not human anymore    (Just a note, this is for fun and shouldn't be taken seriously)
Dance, little man. You're clearly taller than me though. So, please, sir.
happy for you and your new hat <3
I can't believe you made me laugh out loud TWICE
I need a full version of this song it fucking slaps wth
Watch this in half speed for maximum dance move absorption
ok but unironically i love the outfit mr gilbert that romper slaps
This felt like the longest video ever. That sounds rude but I mean it in a good way. It was a lot of fun and I felt like it never ended.
I'm a Chompster's Gambit kind of guy
Secret sequel to Dances Moving?
For anyone who doesn't wanna pause at the 17th move, it's: "the 'I'm really more of a jam band guy, but this dj has been playing some interesting choices'"  You'll have to pause several times after the 17th move tho.
Haters will say it’s fake
This is phenomenal.
0:06 My man's def been workin out.
I don't know what I expected...
I still have no idea why I love your videos so much... Seriously, they are like... The elevated form of a shitpost.
"The Chompster" is my favorite off-brand Kroger Cenobite
I see that the pandemic hasn't effected BDG at all
I like this video
what if I just strung all 38 of these moves together as a whole dance instead of specific ones?
The long-awaited sequel to Dances Moving. Its a condensed version of the first, but also missed the whole point.
Welcome friends, it's BDG, and he'll teach us how to dance properly
To reduce your lifespan by 1000 years, just watch "The Serious Limbs" over and over again
It's that new thing that you're choosing,  GET UP WITH DANCES MOVING!
There were two 27s so there are actually 39 moves. I'm calling the police.
that was INCREDIBLE i just woke up and i am PUMPED
Thank you, Brian
you fool. you buffoon. Brian Davidicus Gilbort you have made an error at 0:48. You left out the word "you" after the word "for". I cannot stand for this. I am unsubbing. Good bye, Gilbrat.
I love this. Except I can't read this shit fast enough.
What was this? and how do I explain it to my friends
This was a thing I watched. (educational?)
Just admit it, you wanted to show off your cool outfit, we won't judge you.
I love what you've done with the place
absolutely fantastic
So BDG owns the following:  Several Suits Roller Blades A Hurdy Gurdy An Ice cream machine A VCR Television Several articles of clothing used in the "Just one Day video" and this Dance suit
And the name of that brave astronaut? David Bowie
Anyone know where i can find the jumpsuit 👉👈
I have unironicaly done so many of these it's insane
Rockin that outfit, bdg
Does anyone else think he looks kinda like Pat at the end of the video walk off?   ... ...  No? Just me? ... Ok cool
The hidden horror of this one is coming back to slow it down to .25 to read everything after you’ve watched the video and realizing just how horrifying it sounds slowed
the word's at 0:55 hit too close - love it!!
Me: A wild BDG has appeared! How much emotional energy is this one going to require from me? *Checks timestamp* Me: Oh! 1:39 isn't too long. Probably not enough room for some dark and uncomfortable twist. *Me at **1:00** exhaling deeply*
WOW so much fun can't wait to try all these at the club after teaching them to my friends.
yep.
Why are there two number 27's?
advanced prop work is a subtle masterpiece
cool pit, mom
truly the greatest youtube has to offer
I'm just gonna go with the Slow Worm
I fear your clothing.
I mean... yes
just in time for clubs reopening tysm brian
I tried to subscribe a second time after seeing this
The spiritual successor to 19 ways to say haha, what?
haha, what?
THIS IS THE CONTENT I BECAME A PATRON FOR
This man has such a vibrant energy
The return of dances moving???
that outfit fucks actually
It's the ANTI SHIMMY for me
Can someone document all 38 here in the comment section
The change from 29 to 30 is top notch
Not enough skin in this video. Extremely disappointed. Downvoted and unsubscribed.
i appreciate a vid so packed that you gotta sit with your finger poised on the spacebar to pause every couple seconds
Brilliance.
Given he's actually mouthing along to number 27 do you think he recorded that whole thing and cut it down afterwards?
Im. Upset this isnt a dress
insanely jealous that brian can pull off that outfit better than i ever could
It's for stuff like this that's why this man is my favorite comedian
I feel like this was just an excuse to show off his biking physique   and i ain't mad at it. Classic BDG.
Oh good, a spiritual successor to "Ha ha, what?"
are you okay?
Leaving a comment to please the reddit algorithm gods
I was watching this and I literally felt a moment where my soul separated from my body.
Haha what?
“The Chompster’s Gambit” Sounds like a book from Dostoevsky’s silly phase.
wake up babes new dances moving episode dropped
as always, thank you Brian
Yay a video for my birthday :)
I'm not emotioanlly driven enough to do 38 of these.   Teaching someone but no one will watch is the only one I can do
What is this song! I'm in love.
brooooooooooooo you gotta give me more time to readdddddddd
Gotta watch a BDG video twice: once for the captions, once for the video
This entire channel is a tax right off in the best possible way.
embracing the cordial void of choreographed dance
I want to see more of that jumpsuit
So this is what they meant by interpretative dancing
Gear icon > Playback speed > 0.50  You're welcome.   Then do 2x
How do make me feel feelings?
Ha ha. What?
Finally a sequel to dances moving
im always doing the "embracing the void" and so now ive gotta make sure i always say "bdg taught me this move!"
The Prequel to the 39 Steps
Is this that video I keep hearing about with the sudden gorilla in the middle of the video that you'll only see once you look for it? Nice.
The big question is now that Brian has an asymmetrical jumpsuit what will he do with this great and terrible power
I really hope he wears these outfits not as visual comedy but because he knows he looks fucking incredible in them.
Ah Brian has returned to dance
This is a combination of cryptic art, and a masterclass of video editing.
"What is BDG doing?" "His best."
The actual title of this video should have been: "Dancing at the Club with a Theatrical Background"
yay, we're back to the slight horror
How many times did he smack his hand on the desk next to that green screen
"did anyone lose their hat" "new hat" sent me
This is what gymnasts do in between Olympics.
dances moving 2.0?
videos that are meant to be paused over and over
brian slowly morphing into marc rebillet
There are two 27's. He lied to us!
Work it Brian
I think my favorite move is the anti shimmy, and the awkward unexpected breakdown transition, I'm a master at that one!
Hey David, or just dav, this is a new level of trash good job
Yes, Brian - you look great in that one piece.    more, plz.
This was better than Ad Astra.
no shit i just was at a mini concert where the whole band looks like you and have similar vibes as you. i danced awkwardly today and when i saw the notification, i was sure you were making fun of me
Aha, okey.   What
Really hoping this is a sequel to haha what and not camcorder 97
why do i feel like bdg just found this jumpsuit and was like "this has to be a video somehow right"
HE IS BACK DANCES MOVING IS BACK DANCES MÜTHERFUQUING MOVING IS BACK
oh hey. a typo
Dang, dances moving season 13 is really weird
The fucking gravity reference
ha ha, what
Holy fucking shit I watched this And read everything xD
I saw the thumbnail and knew it was gonna be good
Damn didn't know bdg was packing heat like that
wow i didnt know bdg is 65 years old!
I was watching the video and noticed that at 01:03 you put an imagem of a local party hall (in Brasil) that was exacly where my graduation party was. That's it, I just wanted to say that.
that advanced prop work really is more advanced than I thought
My favorite dance move is the “Realizing Brian forgot a “you” after “for” at 0:49 in the video”
No limits to what BDG can write off as a business expense.
Beautiful. Absolutely stunning.
Really enjoying the sprinkle to a wide dash of existential horror in every funny he uploads.
Ooops Brian accidentally became a non binary icon?
Wow I can't believe Brian David Gilbert invented gender
This entire channel is just one big tax writeoff scheme, and it's glorious
Embrace the void is generally my go-to dance move
Man when I get to the club Ill throw these down.
I love that you quit polygon to do this instead lmao
How doesn't bdg have millions of subsribers? HOW?
Art
Pretty sure I saw all of these in the matrix reloaded
Honestly the best punchline is the patreon names scrolling by at the end:  39. THE I GOT PAID TO DO THIS, NO REALLY, IF YOU WANT TO THANK SOMEONE THANK THESE PEOPLE.
Pushing the boundaries of 'special thanks' haha
Man.... This.
I was waiting for the step touch and was disappointed
What a killer outfit❤️❤️❤️
Wanted to buy a new suit, stress-test it, and put it down as a tax-writeoff eh?   Damn good
Have you ever looked a thumb nail and went “dare i partake of this”? It’s under 2 minutes maybe it won’t change my life forever.”
Can we get a version without the text? It´s for homework
BDG is a goddamn gift that keeps on giving.
The power BDG wields frightens me
The “did anyone lose their hat?” followed by the “new hat” made me laugh 😂
Yeah I'll take two tip toe supremes,  thx
The most impressive thing about BDG videos is how many frikking patrons my boy has... dang brah
BDG is turning more chaotic every day
I have to believe that he just owns that jumpsuit and has just been waiting for a reason to use it.
Inspirational.
This man is everything I dream to be
with clubs reopening now im ready to make my debut on the dance floor with some of these, thanks brian!!
Wtf now
All I want in life is an unexpected collab between bdg and Micara Tewers
I didn't know humans were capable of doing 38 different dance moves. Impressive.
where do i get that?
Astounding!
i googled simple dance moves at the club and this is where it got me.
Bless your soul ❤️
Why do I have gender envy for an outfit
I can never tell if these are gonna be surrealist horror or genuine comedy
Wow
I like how at the end when it shows the patron names, it looks like credits, so it looks like 100 people worked on the video.
My thought process prior to and during this video  "38 dance moves? wow this is going to be a long video!" "oh only 1:30 long? wow he's going to cram a lot of dance moves into a short time, with nothing other than dance moves!" "Brian looks incredible in that outfit" "cool, astronauts!" "oh, right, this is a BDG video"
Send this to your boss without context.
Get this man a million subscribers so we can show the world the genius behind Pepcorn™
"For and your co-astronaut" I got a headache trying to read that
Ok we get it. A new drag race SE14 contendARRRRR
Wow I really didn’t think he could do it in that short amount of time but this was beautiful
The new hat dance move got me snorting my coffee!
What's with the lurking ghost face on number 30?
Soon as I saw the outfit, I smashed that like button
Are you ok
The bard when they roll on the Carousing Table.
disGODDAMEDliked
thank you
and they say white people cant dance
that nail/glasses/asymmetrical jumpsuit color matching tho
This is a great video and the 'cut the tether' sequence is awesome but I really gotta say: 21 hits waaay too close to home. Every goddamn time.
0:14 shaggy???
Im gonna use all of these moves and give BDG no credit! Ill see you in court!
i can't wait to float endlessly in space while the infinite emptiness of the universe consumes me slowly!    i think my favorites serious limbs
Art. Nothing more. Nothing less.
FINALLY some new BDG dances! it's been years....
The Moose called... It wants it's dance moves back.
I watched a 9 min ad for this
I always have to watch new BDG videos twice since the first watch is always coupled with the low-level anxiety that things could devolve into existential horror at any moment.
More BDG dancing content? Yes please!
Tag yourself  I'm powerful peepers
Wearing a random hat isn't very covid safe
Watch out for Damiano David, he might want to steal this outfit
dances moving episode 2 (remastered)
Low key great for drawing references
Where did he get that jumpsuit?!? ITS SO AMAZING I WANT ONE
last time i used the higher kick i got banned from the club but maybe theyll let me back in if they know you taught me. thanks for the hope brian! :)
where's the step touch?
The serious limbs is so unexpectedly ridiculous
haha,  what?
When you see his outfit and wonder whats on his background check
VERY nice!
Nice package man.👍
I'm glad people are finally talking about the chomper's gambit
Bdg always manages to sneak in some horror into his videos. Bravo
commenting for the algorithm
Nice jumpsuit Brian
Big fan of the this one
truly a dancing queen
I can't wait to try 37. THE POWERFUL PEEPERS next time I go out dancing. A new technique to woo the masses! I'll be sure to yell BDG TAUGHT ME THIS MOVE while dancing, as to properly cite my source. Stunning work as always, Brian. Bravo.
"Hi, I'm Brian David Gilbert and I'm your freestyle dance teacher"
thank you Drian Gavid Bilbert, i learned alot.
that was 39, you put 27 twice you liar
Hey Brian. I just wanted to let you know that I am getting married 1 month from today (woohoo) and I am going to require everyone in the wedding party to perform at least 10 out of the 38 moves at the reception.
The serious limbs looks like the girl in the exorcist.
One man and a green screen will change our world
quarantine was at the same time the best and worst thing that could have happened to the creativity of this man. look at the green screen skills. it terrifies me
I don’t expect a lot of what BDG does but seeing him in a dress performing Dance moves definitely was something
Sees a dance tutorial: oh okay  Sees its made by BDG: *flashbacks to dances moving*   *starts crying*
The Big Finish being his final move in the Perfect Pokerap is just perfect callbacks
Bravo!
hell ya
Love
big fan of look to the horizon, ngl
I'm somewhere between the What are you looking at? And embracing the void.
ah. the upgraded jorts!
Thanks for this sick birthday present Brian
This is the quality content I subscribe for
glad to see high kicks make a return o7
I will. And I'll make you proud! Thank you... Dad.
I'm not going to explain but he makes me think of an icarly character
Nice dress, bro.
based
I definitely do the "floating in space by something has gone terribly wrong" every time there's an awkward unexpected breakdown section
Haha.  What?
I don't often use 5 minutes watching a 1 minute video
Well, somehow you managed to fit in all of Gravity in there, so props!
#39: constantly pausing to read these damn subs to get the joke and it's ruining the flow #40: writing kinda whiny comment about it #41: what a masterpiece anyway
1. the confident waiter 2. the hair grab wobble 3. the shimmy 4. the anti-shimmy 5. the high kick 6. the higher kick 7. the invisible jazz clarinet 8. the visible jazz flute, but the flute is your arm 9. the vice principal who was forced to chaperone the 8th grade dance 10. the half-hearted backbend 11. look to the horizon 12. the chompster’s gambit 13. the tip-toe supreme 14. the pauldron slapper 15. the prop work 16. the advanced prop work 17. the “i’m really more of a jam band guy, but this dj has been playing some interesting choices!” 18. the raise the roof 19. realize that the roof has been slowly lowering because you tripped the trap mechanism 20. the what are you looking at? 21. the awkward unexpected breakdown transition 22. the “floating in the air” 23. the “floating underwater” 24. the “floating in space” 25. the “floating in space but something has gone terribly wrong” 26. the “mission control tells you that there won’t be enough oxygen for you and your co-astronaut to survive until the rescue mission gets there” 27. the “listen to me kid, this research mission is to important for both of us to die. you’ve gotta make it out of this for me.” 27. the “look at me, man! i’m 65! i’ve lived this life long enough. but you’ve got your whole life ahead of you! you can do the things i was never able to do! you can settle down! have a family! i was always to afraid i’d turn into my father, and that’s why i could only devote myself to my work. but when i met you, i realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! and though i never had the guts to say it out loud, i’ve always thought of you as a son. so hang in there and live. not for me, not for them, but for yourself. live for yourself, you hear me? live for yourself! i’ll always love you!” 28. cutting the tether 29. embracing the void 30. the silly arms 31. the serious limbs 32. trying to show off a choreographed dance you learned online, but no one’s watching you so what’s even the point? 33. the “did anyone lose their hat?” 34. the new hat 35. the “underestimated how difficult an asymmetrical jumpsuit would be in the bathroom” 36. this one 37. the powerful peepers 38. the big finish  that took too long, and technically there’s a typo in the video (2 27’s.) enjoy :)
Amazingly, watching this at .5 speed makes it 4 times funnier.
this is the most powerful homestuck energy i've encountered without one iota of it being anywhere near related to homestuck
Hell yeah best channel on youtube  side note as i was writing this comment i saw a spider on the carpet but the new dance moves i have just learned gave me a tactical advantage and the spider has been eliminated.  I credit this video for as to why my home is not spider infested :)
Everything BDG makes is art
Can someone edit this with the "it's my birthday" music from Thor Ragnarok?
We are not ready for dances moving 2
Haha... what?
Beautiful
One of the weirdest videos I’ve seen on this channel, but I still loved it. Great video.
the sequel to Dances Moving. Wonderous.
So now I need a shiny red outfit so I can combine all of these into the ultimate dance for the club.  Also I need to actually go to a nightclub.
I feel like this whole entire video was based off No. 32 -- and he made us all watch it.
21 is a relatable one.
This is haunting
Good, Brian. Good. Weirder by the day. As was foretold.
okay who wants to bet that brian saw that outfit and wanted an excuse to wear it so he made this video
That is a damp man right there
It’s the Brooke from dance moms competition outfit for me
Can’t believe you forgot the slow worm smh
Flashbacks to dances moving...
Probably looks better on him than on his sister tbh (just kidding I'm sure she's a wonderful lady)
Man those dances sure were moving
I'm a fan of the serious legs myself
As someone who found this amazing channel from the video "19 ways to say haha what?' being reccomended to me I can already tell this ones gonna pop off (Glad to be a top patron 😁)
dances moving pt. 2????
There were 2 27's. That was 39 dance moves, and I refuse to pay for the extra.
Love the new outfit
The void of space is a vast expanse, so why omit the Sibling Dance?
Where’s the video for when I wanna try 39 moves at the discotheque?
Excuse me while I watch this masterpiece frame by frame
This one
there he is: the delightful sweet disco goblin
Another banger m'lord
BDG looking *gorgeous*
My favourite part is the Patreon credits because it demonstrates exactly how many people are responsible for this.
If anyone hasn't seen Dances Moving, you need to watch it. This brings back memories
she just needs to come out at this point. crack the egg!
Top notch as always
Tim and Eric clearly did a number on you in your childhood.
the "pausing the video every ten seconds to read the jokes"
#35 is why I haven't been able to get on board with jumpsuits/rompers. Well, that and a long torso.
Powerful.
bdg radiates a beautiful kind of chaotic gay energy.
this is some true dances moving level choreography
That outfit is amazing
I have only 2 channels that I allow YouTube to send notifications to my phone, John Oliver and BDG 🏆
S E R I O U S L I M B S
watched this at 0,25 speed so i can actually read the text and... its an even more surreal experience
Thank you for blessing us this day.
This is a bop, this is a vibe, this is terrifying, I love it.
Okay but what is that amazing song
I've said it before about your videos but this gives me Chris Fleming vibes. A masterpiece
Finally, the quality content we subscribed for.
I'm laughing so much I love you Brian, thank you for all of this.
We'll that was an experience 😍  Also damn he really pulled that crazy jumpsuit off! Not that it matters I'm just impressed that anyone could pull it off!
This is going straight in the "bdg's scaries" playlist right?
love the fit....
You and Chris Fleming are melding into 1 full omnipotent being
I am pretty sure that executing the High Kick (tm) without tight pants is illegal according to the Geneva convention
Shouldn't 26 be ' The "mission control tells you there won't be enough oxygen for *you* and your co-astronaut...'?
HOLY SHIT IT'S DANCES MOVING 2
Someone get this man a blue screen
i hope i see this in the background tv of an obscure sitcom
i'm pretty sure at this point BDG just finds random outfits at the thrift store that inspire him to make dance videos.
BRB. Going to the club. There will be no survivors.
never stop brian, this was wonderful.
I'm so proud of wasting 98 seconds from my lifetime watching this type of content.
brilliant dancing good
I like the implication that The Chompster's Gambit is, in fact, a gambit of some sort
Tag yourself ! I'm n°19
everybody's gangster until See The Day starts playing
It’s beautiful
I'm still clapping
I watched this at 0.5 speed to better appreciate everything. It was the right choice.
New BDG! Yes please!!!
Dances moving
You made this as a joke but little did you know you just increased my dance move repertoire.
That was glorious
Brian… take a moment, bud. I think ya need it
Every new BDG video gives me like 10 different kinds of whiplash
You are absolutely killing it in that outfit.
This was a video made to be watched .5 playback speed
informative
This is a video that requires multiple viewings and frequents pauses, just because of the text.
That's the largest patreons wall I've ever seen.
Chaotic good energy💅
Brian it’s 3:30 I’m on break getting ready to wrap my day up and this is going to be penetrating my psyche for an unnatural amount of time
i'm pretty sure the idea for the video started from his body suit and not the opposite
I don't know what I expected.
Two questions: Where did you get that suit, and where can I get one?
This is what peak content looks like... fight me.
Ascension.
This is why we get jumpers w plenty of crotch space. That way. You can just push those pants to the side and let er rip
Now THESE are some Dances Moving!
chompster’s gambit ftw
Everyone always looks at me weird when I do the "Advanced prop work"....
Notifications weren't set for all? Nani!? It use to be :(  This video fixed that xD
Always tough seeing someone else living your dreams
Why are you doing this to us.  0.25 speed because I'm not like the other guys 😭
I'm not sure but I'm here for it
Tag yourself, I'm no. 21
I swear he’s just doing these so he can write off these outfits as work expenses
this video in 9 words: man is funny, embrace the void, this is art.
i strongly feel the inciting incident for this video was bdg chancing upon this jumpsuit in a thrift store and being like "hey this is just about my size"
Astroboiiii musikaaaa 🤣
Tag yourself I’m This One
tax write-off vibes
Anyone else going back to 0:35 for no specific reason? Just me? Okay
With this haircut, the mustache and the jumpsuit, BDG looks more BDG than ever
Nice
I wish I was a patreon just so I could say I helped buy that asymmetrical jumpsuit
I want your clothes dude
wow those dances sure are moving
I feel called out by at least half of these :P
he died for our sins.
yup, this is a good choice.
DANCES MOVING TWO????????/??????1????
It started to rain outside my house right after brian walked out lol is this a sign
Everyone is sleeping on “The Serious Limbs”
Masterful as always. BDG is a genius.
YESSSS another video I have to watch 80 times so I can actually process every joke in there oh boy oh boy
Wow 65 is my favorite number
Does Brian find an outfit and think, "How can I justify wearing this in a video", or does he write a script and then find the perfect outfit?
well i guess i can always try some of these if i don't get good at The Darts
Cant wait to try all of these out
i will most definitely and surely try these the next time i am at the club, thank you mr. dilbert
Alternate Title: How To Make An Outfit You Bought While Drunk Tax Deductible
This is high art
Glorious
This is so good tho. 😭
This is the comfort in myself I aspire to achieve.
admit it brian, you just wanted to write off that dress on your taxes
Jeepers creepers, look at those peepers
new gender just dropped
the shift from #33 to #34 was brilliant!
Where did you get that jumpsuit
This St. Vincent music video sure is something
As always, any Brian David Gilbert video fills me with a sense of fear for some reason or another. Whether it be intentional, his and the people surrounding him's safety, or the fear that ill never be as impressive a dancer.
" My name is BDG and I am your *freestyle dance instructor* "
A good, another video where I have to keep rewinding the video to pause it to read, but the rewind goes too far back so I gotta hyper focus to make sure I don't miss the window to pause, but then I miss it anyway and I have to repeat this process a few times instead of just enjoying the video. I love these.
Number 39: The Saturday Shorts
I will try these thank you
could it be? a spiritual successor to dances moving
Oh dear
31. Serious Limbs. New favourite. Lost it. 😂
Nice.
Cool. Now show me 38 ways to try and throw darts at the club.
#17 is my go to
Tag yourself im Embrace the Void
The ad that rolled for me before this video was one of those full-length video ones that was called "10 Tips to Make Your Dancing Less Awkward".  .......... rude.
Thank you for making my next club outing a special one!
"business expense"
hahahahah
Hang on gonna go act out a space drama for the people at the club
The chompsters gambit actually sounds like something Dunkey would say and I love it
bdg is an absolute gift
Some of these moves are too complex for mere mortals
Just remember: This counts as a tax write-off. Thank you, Brian.
as i watched i was doing one of my favorites, the "pausing the video a lot because youre not a fast reader and some of these names are very long and are only onscreen for like a second" (complimentary)
That was very enjoyable, thank you.
That space story was so amazing
by god he's done it again
bilbert dilbert gilbert
Dude I actually hate "serious limbs" it genuinely evokes some primal instinct as if that is what God himself looks like
Putting the "nterne" back in IT.
One again, Brian is raising my standard for the men in my life.
brian, why must you post this when my country has entered another lockdown. are you mocking me brian. i cant go to a single club right now brian. where will i be able to try these moves. im so disappointed smh. (sarcastic obvi)
he is thriving
Gotta love me some serious limbs
This looks like a uniform that a competitive dance team would wear, and I love it
The transition from embracing the void to silly arms was just *chefs kiss*
Remember the guy from Dances Moving? This is him now, feel old yet?
hell yeah nice moves b
The eldritch entity dropping his dance tutorial for when the clubs reopen and the gyrating masses inadvertently summon His Unholy Wrath in the form of a shitty dance routine.
I just want to say you are the most best man to exist. Haven’t even watched the whole video. Just thought you should now.
Your clothes made me just uncomfortable, not funny uncomfortable  Great video tho
Humanity needed this Edit: embracing the void right now
Thank you Brian you genuinely cheered me up from a stinker of a mood
Ah yes, I love embracing to void. Such a fun dance move. I do it all the time!
nice strawberry bucket hat brian
Conner O'Malley yesterday, brian today, flying pigs tomorrow I guess
Pauldron slapper was my signature move. How dare you just give it away!
My name is BDG, and I will be your freestyle dance instructor
glad to see declan moved on to better things
Dammit Brian I needes 39
Finally, Dances Moving! Ep. 8 I though BDG had forgotten this series
The chomper's gambit is probably the highlight of this, honestly
go watch all of dances moving right now
Holy shit perfect timing I'm currently late for a party
Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. but you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you!
This definitely is a look.
Dances Moving! except it made me cry slightly less. 10/10
oh man.  BDG.  what are you doing to my fragile heteronormativity?!
Guys.  This is the new incarnation of Renasha Blitz, our freestyle dance teacher.
Watched this while waiting for the rest of my patients to show up for an onsite (COVID-19 testing).  I feel so much better. Thank you, BDG.
Rocketman looks great
Embracing the Void isn't just a dance move, it's a way of life.
I hate the anti shimmy
I must know whether the video idea inspires the outfit or if the outfit inspires the video idea
I think he's just insane at this point but it can go more insane than this
Hello I'm renasha bliss and I'll be your freestyle dance teacher
👏 He's done it again!😭
I'm a little sad that 27. (THE LOOK AT ME, MAN! I'M 65! I'VE BEEN LIVING THIS LIFE FOR SO LONG. BUT YOU'VE GOT YOUR WHOLE LIFE AHEAD OF YOU! YOU CAN DO THE THINGS I NEVER WAS ABLE TO DO! YOU CAN SETTLE DOWN! HAVE A FAMILY! I WAS ALWAYS TOO AFRAID I'D TURN INTO MY FATHER AND THAT'S WHY I COULD ONLY DEVOTE MYSELF TO MY WORK. BUT WHEN I MET YOU I REALIZED THAT THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE OUT THERE, FOLKS THAT ARE WORKING TO MAKE THIS MESSED UP WORLD A BETTER PLACE! AND THOUGH I'VE NEVER HAD THE GUTS TO SAY IT OUT LOUD, I'VE ALWAYS THOUGHT OF YOU AS A SON. SO HANG IN THERE , AND LIVE. NOT FOR ME, NOT FOR THEM, BUT FOR YOURSELF. LIVE FOR YOURSELF (SIC), YOU HEAR ME? LIVE FOR YOURSELF! I'LL ALWAYS LOVE YOU!) didn't end with a Whitney Houston move.
The bisexual energy
Brian is lookin' fine in glitter red.
I think I might try these 38 dance moves at the club.
i'm for sure gonna try out #19 next time i'm in a club
I’m too dyslexic for this
Haha, what?
Ok
this is on par with renata bliss
This is the interpret dancing we would have had for the perfect pokerap ladies and gentlemen.
You are 2021s answer to Tim & Eric
evidently polygon was like bdgs schizophrenia meds
Thats one cute oempa-loempa!
This was just what I needed to get my morning started. Thank you Brian. Gonna have to try out The Serious Limbs next night out 😤🕺
I was expecting drama or existential horror and I got it
Perfect
I’m incredibly partial to the “cutting the tether”
I can't believe you've done this
How
i will use these 38 dance moves at the club
Wow
Let it be know that we look at the brian the same way brian undoubtedly looked at his own ass when showing us dance move 20   With fear, confusion, arousal and admiration
Embracing the void - ah yes, a dance move made for me.
At 0:30 (Advanced Prop Work), am I seeing a tiny Bdg dancing in the reflection of the ornament while a larger Bdg levitates it?? THAT is skill.
Haha, what?
I dunno I don’t think red is working for me Would’ve loved to see this thing in black and with matching boots
Anyone else recognise the Astro's Playroom bit in the music?
Who else loves 27?  27. The “Look at me, man! I’m 65! I’ve been living this life for so long. But you’ve got your whole life ahead of you! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I’d turn into my father, and that’s why I could only devote myself to my work but when I met you I realised that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place and though I’ve never had the guts to say it out loud, I’ve always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, Not for them, But for yourself. Live for yourself you hear me?
masterpiece
Brian just does what he wants and we watch anyway.
Chompster's gambit is my JAM
#justicefordeclan
Yes! A new video
My favorite part of your videos is sitting back and waiting for the existentialism to kick in
Currently doing the Embracing the Void.
brian where’s the step touch ⁉️⁉️
Thanks, Brian, I’ll try these next time I’m at the club.
This is incredible
I’m still gazing in awe at the dancing you can see in the reflection of the Advanced Prop Work. He’s getting too powerful.
The video that made me hit the bell.
I support this silliness
Hell yeah 🤣❤️
What an amazing way to be able to write that outfit off as a business expense on your tax forms
This was genuinely amazing how dare you. Also that outfit looked real good
move 39 is a combination of all the previous ones, called the “how do i write off this sequined body suit as a business expense”
Number 33 and 34 represent me
I asume 26. is meant to say "oxygen for *you* and your co-astronaut"... Also I must know if there were any dance moves that didn't make it into this list. I may need emergency back-up choices if none of these 38 go well.
This music is like the remix for astro ps5 lol
Brian...Uh oh...
This is the single best video on YouTube.
I don't remember this episode of Dances Moving.
What is there not to love about this man
basically the sequel to dances moving
brian david gilbert’s channel is my favorite game of russian roulette
my dad had to do an audio check and decided to play my most recently viewed video (this) to test it let's just say he was sufficiently confused
Reminder to watch bdg's "dances moving"
I cannot stop watching this. Both for the comedy and the actual dance moves ;D
Unironically love that bdg quit polygon because he wants to focus on the things he wants to do, and then proceeds to make masterpieces like this. It's like, so disconnected from the content he made with polygon, which just makes it all the more impactful, but he's still doing the humor he's always done just with, far more dancing than expected!
BDG in a glittery asymmetrical romper? Blessed be, the gods doth smile upon us yet again!
I'm going to yell "bdg taught me this move" in a lot more situations, including while doing these moves
Is this the closest thing we’re getting to a Dances Moving sequel?
Dances moving walked so this could run
This is the manliest shit I have ever seen. A few people have this many balls to wear that dress and embrace the void.
I need to go to the auto repair shop to fix my car and i am really nervous about it. This made my day much better, thanks Brian.
tax writeoff body suit
Season 2 of Dances Moving is looking good
If this is BDG on a normal day god only knows how he'll come out of the closet ;D
I love how he committed to the entirety of that
That outfit cute tho
I had to rewatch this like 3 times and pause and un pause it a dozen times each time because all the gags were so good but so fast. The amount of gag per second in this video is hall of fame worthy.
39. My dyslexic ass trying to read the text and watch the dances at the same time in the space of 2 seconds a piece and just saying fuck it and enjoying the jumpsuit fashion.
Oh no. Brian found out about hot girl summer 🥵
I don't think any other human could pull off either those moves or that outfit. But I'll be damned if I'm not going to try
Big chris fleming energies in this one
BDG is The Dean.
I am convinced this would be Daredevil's look if he went on Dancing with the Stars.
So, you are Trisha my freestyle dance teacher?
cool glasses brian!
looks like matthew murdock's been having a interesting lockdown
Dude that outfit legit looks amazing on you omg
why is gilbert kind of nice with it tho?
hi brian! i saw you walking in prospect park with karen this morning. i was running the loop as you were emerging from by the lake. i hope you have an extraordinary day!!
~George takei~ oh my
Incredibly gender as always, 10/10
You know its BDG when the dance tutorials has L O R E
I really dug Serious Limbs.
yes
ICONIC
"My name is minaja blise and i will be your freestyle dance teacher"
:)
Yas
The new ddr looks great
what was first? outfit or video idea? anyways looking forward to see you as the first eurovision song contest participant for the usa.
Okay, but the reverse shimmy.
*frantically takes notes*
"ha ha, what?"
Did he make this video for tax exemption reasons?
I’m a big fan of “The Vice Principal Who Was Forced To Chaperone The 8th Grade Dance” probably my favorite move
this is GENUINELY the best outfit BDG has ever worn. the sheer STYLE!!!!!
That jumpsuit is worth all the bathroom struggles
damn this internet video producer gnc af
The "trying to show off a choreographed dance you learned online, but no one is watching you so what's even the point?" one hit waaayyy too close to home and I feel like a proper fool now
haha, what
Incredible, inspiring, iridescent, intriguing, illuminating, Iconic!
Cool sound! Bold dress 😅
Where do you buy your clothes. I need to know, it's important for me
36 is my favorite
I had to go back and look at the reverse shimmy to realize it was edited
these dances sure are movin'
Sure...
I love it when you have a terrible, no good idea, then proceed to act upon it with impressive quality  Edit: it’s not a bad kind of bad, it’s more of a “so bad it loops around to being really good” kind of bad, you know? Who am I kidding, I’m just digging myself deeper. Good work BDG, I enjoy it, and part of why I enjoy it is because it’s weird.
"My name is Menasha Bliss, and I'll be your freestyle dance instructor"
Never thought I'd see BDG go back to his roots of Dance Instructing! I wonder if this is him telling us he's going to be moving again XD
i feel like im back in 2008 again
Work from home has made such an impact that I was looking at the reflections on the Christmas decoration for some kind of easter egg.     But in any case! BDG rockin as usual.
This is cursed. I want to die now.
Please please please release the green screen versions so people can make memes out of it :D
I feel so flexed on by this kick ass sparkly outfit and dance moves so goof they create new reality around him
I imagine it took BDG only a few seconds to acclimate into that costume and tap into his unbound potential.
this man.... he compels me
I always have to watch every bdg video twice
Is that LMMS?
Finally a sequal to dances moving!
Somewhat sequel to Saturday Shorts?
These are only a few so there must be many more even outside of the club scenario.. Is typing this comment a dance move? Have I just been doing dance moves my whole life?
BDG god of chaos and dance
I love men with purple energy. Dang, I wish I had that too. And the outfit.
Clicking on a BDG video is such a wild ride. I never know what insanity is going to pop out.
i have been saying for years that i want to dance like BDG, finally the perfect video for me
The anti-shimmy is what my body looks like when I wake up in the morning
Watching this in 0.25x speed was an absolute existential acid trip
One weird trick to write off the new jumpsuit as a business expense, the IRS hates him!
hey brian what does this mean
that outfit is the only thing I'm gonna be thinking about for like a week
The anti shimmy frightens me
I watched this in .25x times speed so I could read all the full names, and the music gave the whole space thing a different vibe
my favorite one is this one
BDG's real superpower isn't being funny, or dancing, or singing, or even twerking, it is actually his impressive skill to turn his head around 180 degrees.
This is a lot to unpack...
Absolutely mind blowing.
That was deep, (applause)
What kind of clubs are you going to sir?
tag urself i'm the chompster's gambit
what a suit. amazing
Can't convince me other wise that Brian saw this romper and was like I can write that off on my taxes
Declan would be great as the young astronaut
BDG: Big Dance enerGy
This outfit is off the chain, you look amazing, also this was super funny and great.
Thank god. Needed these moves before the start of Senior Year.
Let me guess you didnt get the dress for this skit, you made the skit for the dress
The secret 5th member of Måneskin?
Man's rocks that romper.
I think my favorite is The Chompster’s Gambit
very cool
i like this one.
Does anyone else see the demon dancing in the reflection of the spinning red globe during "16. THE ADVANCED PROP WORK"? Is it the one David sold his soul to to get such incredible bodily control?
ive been doing number 17 for years now its my best dance move
Amateurs. I have been doing "29. Embracing the void" for years now, YEARS.
*Sees title* "Why the hell is YouTube recommending this, I don't care about this."  *Sees it's BDG* "I care about this immensely."
when he wrote "FOR AND YOUR CO-ASTRONAUT"... i felt that
Ha ha, what...
Brian you can really rock any outfit.
Dances moving 2.0?
I support your descent into madness.
Strawberry Dress Hat 👀
I have seen the face of God.
I swear my eyes thought that he kicked Shaggy twice for moves 5 and 6
Brian, please tell the public where you acquired that outfit. We need to know
I'd pay to see something like this
BDG is a gift to us all.
BDG, you are a gem. Thank you so much
no joke you look great in that jumpsuit omg
This channel is just a scheme for Brian to write off thousands of dollars in silly costumes as a business expense
BDG out here popping moves and looking hella glam wish I had a thimble of these vibes, if you start selling I will be buying I got three years on you and they each feel like the end of the world
So this is what the full dream ballet would look like…
33. Hey, is that my hat? I've been looking for it everywhere.  34. Too late, guess it's his now.
glad to see Brian is *thriving*
...using number 11: look to the horizon while yelling "BDG TAUGHT ME THIS MOVE"
dances moving part 2 electric boogaloo
Yeahhh I'm gonna have to sit with this one for a bit.
More like... "The.. Just wanted to show off i have a green screen now, mom!"
I think I unlocked a new emotion
Finally a worthy sequel to “haha what”
The sequel to Dances Moving we desperately wished for...and finally got
Man I love St. Vincent
This bodysuit is giving off some fresh ‘Oops!…I Did It Again’ vibes and I appreciate bringing her back to the clubs
12 seconds of patreons , nice
the true spiritual successor to Renata Bliss, our freestyle dance teacher.
I personally enjoy the "watching birds"
Don't worry guys, this is just what Hugh Brandity does when he isn't helping people establish their brands online.
So was this also an experiment for exploring pause data in youtube analytics?
haha so silly!
brian can i try these somewhere that isn't the club
Talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before, unafraid to reference or not reference, put it in a blender, shit on it, vomit on it, eat it, give birth to it
So he made several dance moves for Space Oddity ? Nice
Say, do any of you guys know how to Madison?
my therapist: the anti-shimmy isn’t real, it can’t hurt you the anti-shimmy:
this video also gives me serious "dances moving" vibes. still my favorite set of videos you've even made. tho to be honest it's so hard to pick a favorite when i love every single one of your videos so damn much. can't wait for the next upload
i wanna ask why but... why?
There is no joke, give me your gender immediately
This one
Is this just so BDG can write the jumpsuit off as a business expense?
haha, what?
Man BDG looks great in anything.
the new hat fucking killed me
I’m glad someone else is a fan of the Serious Limbs.
Omg at 26 you missed a “you” now the whole video is absolutely ruined can’t believe this Brian
Content
love this
talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, never been done before
Cool
i wonder what came first: jumpsuit or the idea
I’ve never been this uncomfortable and mesmerized at the same time watching a BDG video
Literally watched this 10 times in a row
My job is literally dancing to hurdy gurdy music while wearing jorts and rollerblades, and I make upwards of $20k a month
... Man fucking flew into space in that epic red suit. Bravo.
This video: How to make 5 minutes of content with only 1:39 minutes of content
BDG and Chris Fleming give off such similar energy
The Anti-Shimmy is what I imagine biblical angels looked like approaching people while going "be not afraid"
Is he.... is he okay..?
haha, what?
The”new hat” was the best
Time to go from watching “I’m not superstitious but I am afraid to prune my money tree” every day to watching this everyday
Dr sung approves of the high kick
33. The "did anyone lose this hat?" 34. The new hat  Fucking brilliant
I mean Yes
Look at me man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long but you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I was never able to do! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there were good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always though if you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me?
Brian we’re concerned
Please. “Da clurb.”
My man looks like who I wish I was in high school
0:56 reads The "Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why i could only devote myself to my work. But when I mer you, I realized thar there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you!"
Yknow I'm becoming more and more convinced that brian finds a silly lil outfit and then builds an entire sketch around it and I'm HERE for it
I turned 21 during the pandemic, so I'm just now able to go to clubs for the first time. This will surely help me get some numbers!
ok wtf dude, u cant just transition from silly limbs to serious limbs without an exaplanation
Are you okay?
Constantly pushing the boundaries of what’s possible with one man and a green screen. I fear for the future.
Shit wait I'm getting dances moving flashbacks
Renata bliss who?
If you're like me you pause the video to try and read everything before a single full watchthrough. And with this it Makes the next dance move hit so much  harder because I felt for the astronaut guy and the words like resonated with me lol and then to just see "silly arms" after like a minute of trying to pause to read everything. Agh, Damn it broke me. Good work lolz.
I wish I could read <3
the anti shimmy is the best thing i've ever seen
You know it's gonna be a great day when bdg uploads
Unwanted but not unsolicited.
You call #11 « look to the horizon »? I call that one « the gatsby » but some people confuse it with the dance move where you float in a pool on your stomach
Renasha Bliss who?
this man is to pure for this world, also love the outfit in the vid
Finally the double sequel we were all secretly hoping for
why did Mission Control send us to the club instead of the moon?
I'm definitely gonna try the "LOOK AT ME, MAN! I'M 65! I'VE BEEN LIVING THIS LIFE FOR SO LONG, BUT YOU'VE GOT YOUR WHOLE LIFE AHEAD OF YOU! YOU CAN DO THE THINGS I NEVER WAS ABLE TO DO! YOU CAN SETTLE DOWN! HAVE A FAMILY! I WAS ALWAYS TOO AFRAID ID TURN INTO MY FATHER, AND THAT'S WHY I COULD ONLY DEVOTE MYSELF TO MY WORK. BUT WHEN I MET YOU I REALIZED THAT THERE ARE GOOD PEOPLE OUT THERE, FOLKS THAT ARE WORKING TO MAKE THIS MESSED UP WORLD A BETTER PLACE! AND THOUGH I'VE NEVER HAD THE GUTS TO SAY IT OUT LOUD, I'VE ALWAYS THOUGHT OF YOU AS A SON. SO HANG IN THERE, AND LIVE. NOT FOR ME, NOT FOR THEM, BUT FOR YOURSELF. LIVE FOR YOURSELF, YOU HEAR ME?" next time I'm at the club! 🕺
Looks like somebody had a productive, very inspiring trip to the thrift store....
he be looking like the 5th member of Maneskin
Where was the step touch though…. Dances moving has all of the moves
Even with this short of a video he's able to inject a little existential dread
damn Brian you looking smart in that getup
OK. But I need more info into that space lore
He just wanted an excuse to show off his awesome new asymmetrical jumpsuit and honestly. I can respect that.
Hey Brian, I'll pay you to never perform the anti shimmy again. It's disturbing.
I feel like this whole channel has just become an excuse for Brian to write off purchases on his taxes.
holy shit! ive gotta try these at the club
My 65 year old mom got this video recommended to her and she texted to say, "One of that boy's videos is on my phone." She watched, she enjoyed, she still doesn't remember your name (sorry). Just thought I'd let you know.
Dance is the truest form of artistic expression. He has laid his soul bare for us. It is beautiful.
“This one” is my favorite, such passion
why were there two 27s
I wish I had his moves 🥺 But I'm Mexican, I have rhythm
1989: I cant wait to imagine what amazing things people will do with the internet! 2021:
happy birthday to dances moving I guess
Number 32 is me WAY too often, but at the times when people are looking… Good lord, it’s like heaven on earth
1:20 The Become Patrick Gill And Walk Away
-1 no Declan
Bad guide there's no Step Touch
realeased 38 minutes ago, best time to watcch
hot suit. Also good moves. Very good video overall, I rate it 1 thumbs up on a scale from thumb up to thumb down
w h a t  edit: where did the inspiration for this come from?
"The best way to get you back to a smile is to give yourself a chance to freestyle." :')
Brian out here killing it as hard as he didn't kill his money tree
"Embrace the void" got some good feedback when I showed it off at a party. Thanks!!!1!!
In a few days i will think this was a slight fever dream
thank you for this helpful information. -introverted neet
Half of these look like video game character animations and I'm not complaining
very cool! I think the "The New Hat" was very memorable :)
I tried these dance moves at the club and got many compliments. Thanks Brian!
I’m scared
wheres the slow worm? thats my favourite dance move
you know what we need: a bdg discord server
BDG writing his asymmetrical leotard off his taxes.
thank you for giving us content brian. your donations are greatly appreciated
One of the descriptions has a typo, but my like BDG I am chaotic neutral so I am not about to tell you which one.
I mean, I already knew I needed to see Brian wearing tight ballerina clothes but, this is way better than my dreams
I'll try these out! Thanks!
Everyone in the comments is doing the "Trepidatious Laughter While Waiting for The Scary Bits"
Tag yourself I'm Embracing The Void
Those are a lot of Patrons
I was running out of videos to procrastinate my homework to, this is a godsend Brian
The astronaut dance moves story took me on an emotional journey I was not prepared for in a video under 2 minutes
I copyrighted this a few years ago, you stole 75% of my reportoire, PAL.
Very useful info, thank u
Some may say he’s insane. I say he’s reaching enlightenment
Look at me, man! I'm 18! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you. You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid to turn into a father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as my little pogchamp. So hang in there, and live, not for me, not for the weirdchamps, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me?
bdg and chris fleming are slowly becoming one
The Chompster's Gambit is far too powerful for any club or social venue.
The BDG Cinematic Universe but he's every character.
You continue to demonstrate that you are an absolutely perfect content creator
Your dad looks gnc AF
my dingo got the bongo
39: the How to write off a new jumpsuit as a business expense
• embracing the void • the silly arms
Brian uploads and i must watch
Saw the video thumbnail in my subscription feed and was just like "Oh dear. He went shopping again."
He makes me work for those laughs.
The one which absolutely desteoyed me was the Chompster's Gambit, also my favourite chess move
Okay, but why do I genuinely love this side sweep and facial hair look??
how you doin, babe? haha jk... ?
Perfect timing after finishing my Unraveled binge!
Hi im BDG and i am you freestyle dance teacher
oh hey it is the best person on the internet
"Work it"
I didn’t expect a full on Bruce Willis taking Ben Affleck’s place in Armageddon moment in a video where I’m trying to learn a few new dance moves but here we are
absolute king 💃🕺👑👑👑
haha what vid: what are you this video: im you but better
Renta Bliss is making a comeback
i like 11
and they say white people cant dance
My personal favorite is ‘The serious limbs’
Can’t decide if this is perfectly curated, next level content that took weeks of work or if Brian just binged energy drinks and cranked it out in 12 hours because he realized it had been too long since he last posted something
With every generation does humor becomes faster? I literally had to pause the video every second so I can understand the jokes. Worst part is I laughed at all of them. We already passed the limit which a normal humon can understand I can't even think what future generation will laugh at...
the chompster's gambit
"BRB guys gonna go 'serious limbs' down to the gas station for Bang energy drinks and lotto scratchers"
i appreciate this channel so much
Half of Brian's videos are really just "yo check out this wild outfit haha"
Very monthy python.  Really funny.
oh god oh fuck brian david gilbert has goat eyes dude
I don't think I've ever been so interested in something I'll never use or attempt.
You are entirely too powerful to be safe and I am HERE FOR IT!!!!
#17 is ben @flipcoin
May the algorithm bless you
This was just an excuse to show off his awesome new outfit wasnt it
The best BDG videos are the ones that make me go, "Brian why?"
Some of these have big Ill Mitch energy
hell yeah more dancing content! 🕺💃
Dance moves more line Move dances
this is a masterpiece, a bop even
Incomprehensible, have a nice day
I can't wait to try these moves. I think "Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And thought I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always though of you as a son. So hand in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Life for yourself, you hear me? Life for yourself! I'll always love you!" will be huge on TikTok.
You doing okay, Brian?
Holy crap. 22 mins ago. I'm getting faster
Haha what
Had to watch in .5 speed to read and appreciate everything. So good.
The man doesn’t miss.
Woah, Simone uploaded interstellar on YouTube!
I am off to the club to try em all. Thank you
Ok, but his outfit FUCKS
this is a gender. i don't know which one but it's definitely A gender
Serious Renata Bliss vibes
This reminded me of Nathan Barnett and his dance moves video.
This isn't what we all deserved, but it's what we needed.
iv done everyone of these already
Brian has embodied renata bliss, your freestyle dance teacher 💃
this is the sequel to Dances Moving isn't it
The spiritual successor to 19 different ways you can say "ha ha, what?"
"At the club" Meanwhile, the delta variant...
and they say white people can't dance
Great work Brine
video :D
These moves have a lot of Gravity to them.
still a bop at 0.25 speed
i've never gone to the club before but now i want to just so i can perform all of these in rapid succession
screw renata bliss, this man is my new freestyle dance teacher
I /will/ be trying these tomorrow and I /will/ sue you if they do not impress the club
Pretty sure I saw his jack johnson
27. The "Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I was never able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them. but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you!"
I feel like BDG's videos typically start with an impulse purchase online lmao
Dances Moving walked so 38 dance moves to try at the club could run
ha ha, what
A) Of anyone asks what my generations comedy is; its this B) This man has danced for you and taught you peppcorn, where's his 1Million Subs already
Brain just knows how to not hold back
this is all that is good in the world
Sometimes you don't need a gesamtkunstwerk to achieve perfection.
Another banger from bdg, my week is made
And yet again the question stands: has the outfit been bought for the video, or has the video been made to excuse buying the outfit and deduct it from taxes
ive been trying the cut the tether recently and have seen amazing results! Thanks brian!!!
Trying to learn these new dance moves before the big party tomorrow night at the club! Wish me luck :)
Ah yes, the top quality content I subscribed for
Time to study!
Is he okay?
white boy drip
Pretty sure this is just outtakes from the Gill & Gilbert intro
I fully plan on rocking the chompsters ga0mbit every chance
Gilbert looking like Gil in those glasses
*Brian:* And that's one red bedazzled asymmetrical dress suit to write off on my taxes...
0:48 You might think that there's a typo here, missing a "you" as in "oxygen for you and your co-astronaut", but it's just a consequence of the all-caps and lack of punctuation: the co-astronaut's name is And, so it would be "Oxygen for And, your co-astronaut"!
Brian's Anti Feet Pic Socks are vital to these dance moves, I feel. I am only sad he could not get bedazzled sparkly red socks to match the rest of his ensemble.  Though I think green screen green socks are also a valid anti feet pic option for further dancing moving compilations.
I like to think he got that leotard then made the video because he wanted to show it off.
He looking good in that jumper tho.
Thank you BDG for all these cool moves. I’ll be sure to try it out next time when I go to the club. Which is like 3 years from now. In the meantime I’ll be practicing this in my zoom calls.
Question: I have a similar outfit, but it's green. How will this affect the dance moves?
i had to pause this video like every 2 seconds, and it was worth it every single time
Give up on your dreams of becoming a professional dancer at the club.
Everytime BDG Uploads, everyone's life extends be one minute
Oh how I wish to watch this with my friends on a meme stream.. alas SCHOOL
this video exists so that BDG could claim the sequin suit as a tax write off
If you didn't pause this video, you are a robot.  No, stop dancing like a robot, you know that's not what I meant!
Those dance moves are unbeatable, Brian you better stop before I fall in love.
I'm just here for the leotard.
if the Chompster's Gambit isn't the new hit move of 2022 I'm gonna be upset and have to start the trend myself
In the name of dance move 26, there is a missing “you” between for & and. It is a shame how errors can slip through the cracks in the long hours of editing, but mistakes will never stop playing a crucial part of one’s learning process.   But since this video is only 15 minutes old, I doubt there will be harm in taking it down, giving the vid a quick fix and a kiss on the cheek, then sending it back out for the world to enjoy.
39. The Realization That it Was Just A Lull in the Music, Not the Song Ending.
Saturday Shorts walked so 38 Dance Moves could run 👏
BRIAN!!!!!!
Hell yeah BDG Upload
❤️❤️❤️✨
iloveyou.
What is it that I feel after watching this video?  Zjierb. Zjierbness.
he stole some of those moves from sandra bullock in Gravity lol
"Hi. I'm Renata Bliss, and I'll be your freestyle dance teacher."
Pairing some of these with the ways you suggested to say haha what for the ultimate combo.
OMG The Dances Moving sequel we've all been waiting for
Love it
are kids really small or just far away?
huge fan of the chompsters gambit
The old series is back!
How much do you have to practice dancing in order to dance inside of a Christmas ornament? I need to know.
Everyday I'm Embracing the Void.
This has greatly exacerbated my hunger for a BDG x Chris Fleming collab
He do be dancin jiggy
i'm taking notes
I died of laugh live 5 different times
Daaaaamn my boy
Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I was never able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when i met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me? LIVE FOR YOURSELF! I'll always love you.
I'll make sure my kid watches this so he can be a professional dancer some day.
Can’t wait to stun the girls with this new move set. 😎
1:17 can someone watching in 4K confirm if the powerful peepers are actually sushi rolls filled with darkness
BDG is the pinnacle of humanity. We should all be ashamed of our lack of power compared to him.
Who the heck would dislike this? Thanks for making my day BDG 💜😘
14 minute crew  Perceived 451st comment
Definitely looking forward to reenacting the entire Marvel movie series timeline through dance moves!
waiting for when you just start your dance instructor side channel
27 full description:  The "Look at me, man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hand in there, and live. Not for me. Not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you."
I wanna see what job this video gets him this time.
Fuck it up skinny lad
Imagine going to a club.
0:48 He forgot to write "You". He just wrote "The 'mission control tells you there won't be enough oxygen for *and* your co-astronaut to survive until the rescue mission gets there' "
from the man who brought you the "haha, what" saga, comes a new classic
bdg: [sees an absolutely ridiculous outfit]  “ok so that’s the video”
Now I know how to dance, but at what cost?
Red is a good color on you, BDG
never clicked on a video so fast
Those astronauts…. So brave 😢
What is this outfit called and where can I get one?
BDG out hear looking like the thin men from Xcom
Imagine getting a sequel to "Dances Moving"!
I now know what half these moves look like, and what the other half are called.
"Hello, I'm BDG, and I'm your freestyle dance teacher."
The music in this video was NOT paid for by BDG. The musician who made it finished and thought- yeah this one sounds free
The new Dances Moving is looking good
I never thought I'd see the day for another dance tutorial!
This week on "Wacky Existential Terror w/friends"
So did everyone watch through once and then go back and pause to read every move or the other way around? I did my pause watch first.
Thank you, Brian. I can finally pass the entry exam for my local club!
Fabulous
0:59 and thus he eventually stopped thinking
the spiritual sequel to dances moving
Your creative energy seems to remain untainted by Internet fame and I'm so glad about that.
0/10 no slow worm
The sequel to ha ha what vid we all deserved
I'm feeling the 21 and 30
Thank you Brian, i will try out all of these at the next funeral i attend. ♥️
Ah yes, the Dances Moving season 2 trailer
Broke: this is a normal vid/ he wanted to deduct the dress from his taxes  Woke : this is a sequel to ha ha what
Wow, Brian only made this video so that he could write off that sick fit on his taxes. I'm not complaining, we get this video and he gets the hottest look of back to Zool season.
i dont have any clubs to try these moves at, is store-bought fine?
ww
When i'm bored i also like to do the "Look at me, Man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things i never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid i'd turn into my father, and that's why i could only devote myself to my work. But when i met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though i've never had the guts to say it out loud, i've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you!"
yall know the next video is going to be another profound psychological horror
its wondrous how much of the creative work was offloaded to the video editing and he probably did a bunch of random things with no idea what the final video was going to be.
If you're reading this, congratulations! You watched the video more than once.  (If you didn't, uncongratulations. You haven't seen the video even one time.)
hella
I don't dance, but I definitely have to learn these moves
“I’m Renasha Blitz”
The Chompster's Gambit and Embracing the Void will be the hottest new moves at the club this weekend
Loved the crotch 👍
Surely it's a sign that The Algorithm(tm) served me this video less than 10 minutes after it was posted
This video feels dad longer than a minute and a half, though maybe that's because I was pausing it to read all the text.
Ep 8 of dances moving looks wild
"Hi I'm BDG and I'm your free-style dance teacher" **busts out #29 for all the noobs at the club
BDG gorgeous as always
We’re gonna look back in 15 years, when Brian is the richest man in the world off of the back of his successful rhubarb lemonade business, and think “What a fucking icon”
tag urself im #19
i feel like i just met god
We don't deserve you Brian but we do *need* you
AMAZING. SIMPLY. AMAZING.
I don't know how to feel about the fact that he looks good in that strange asymmetrical suit
You look remarkably young for someone who is 65
This is the first time I saw he uploaded a video and didn’t immediately click. I need to close YouTube and just process for a minute.
Please help: I just did The Powerful Peepers and now I can't stop seeing sounds
I don't really know how to say this, but you bring so much silliness and energy that I need right now! I love seeing the craziness you get up to, you always brighten my day :)
The anti-shimmy is just what I do when someone asks me to go to the club.
I can't wait to perfect my #27; I've been watching a lot of tutorial videos but this is by far the best one.  Thanks BDG!
needed this rn thanks
Spiritual sequal to 19 ways to say "ha ha, what"
Is this the New Thing That You’re Choosing?
Dances moving speedrun
I love this outfit so much
ha ha, what?
To think he started out with only 7 moves... Brian has come a long way since he taught us the "Step -Touch"
27. The “look at me, man! I’m 65! I’ve been living this life for so long. But you’ve got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I’d turn into my father, and that’s why I could only devote myself to my work, but when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I’ve never had the guts to say it out loud I’ve always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself. You hear me?”
Professional dancers got nothing on Brian
I’ll definitely try the “look at me, man! I’m 65! I’ve been living this life for so long. But you’ve got your whole life ahead of you! You can do the things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I’d turn into my father, and that’s why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I’ve never had the guts to say it out loud, I’ve always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself, you hear me? Live for yourself! I’ll always love you!” Next time I go to a party.
Totally gonna use this at the big dance
I always use the awkward breakdown transition
Sixteen months of patreon dollars spent on that one leotard
Yo this feels way longer than 1 minute and 40 seconds and I'm more than okay with that
Those new shoes?
I don't define Movement Movement defines me
Literally just rewatched Dances Moving when I heard "See the Day" on the The Altogether album. So I'm always excited to see more dances. You know how to move me in more ways then one. (like dances moving helped me a ton in my life)
bdg's chaos increases exponentially with each video
Shocked and disappointed that there was no mention of the defibrillator
what a fucking look!
BDG has a POWERFUL aura
Oh god do I once again have to go thru the existential dread caused my the silly internet man’s terrible dancing ;-;
That jumpsuit is amazing I want one
Can't wait for Dances Moving 2: Dances 2ving
Honestly, Gravity and/or Interstellar needed more sequins and cutoffs on their spacesuits. Props to you!
I'm glad Brian is finally doing the type of content he's always wanted to do.
Definitely an 11
Low key my favorite content creator  Throw random shit like this at us and we'll love it <3  Keep it up man ^^
Season 2 of Dances Moving looks 🔥
So relatable, am I rite fellow club goers? Oh boy do I enjoy going to the club.
Very cool!
I do most of these
Hey ho, new and exciting moves to try out
I've been doin the 'Embracing the Void' for years
Good
IM EARLT
Such magnificence
i've tried the "look at me man! I'm 65! I've been living this life for so long. But you've got your whole life ahead of you! You can do things I never was able to do! You can settle down! Have a family! I was always too afraid I'd turn into my father, and that's why I could only devote myself to my work. But when I met you, I realized that there are good people out there, folks that are working to make this messed up world a better place! And though I've never had the guts to say it out loud, I've always thought of you as a son. So hang in there, and live. Not for me, not for them, but for yourself. Live for yourself. You hear me? Live for yourself! I'll always love you!" but all that happened was that I got kicked out of the club for agressively pointing and shouting at a nearby person
I'm scared.
Oh crap, you caught me looking at 0:35 . . . . Looking at those sick shades, man! Lit AF
bdg after he sees the day
scientists cannot figure out how this one person could possibly exude so much raw sexuality
As a Perfume fan, I can attest that "Choreographed routines that you practiced online, but no one's watching you (and knows what the F you are doing if they were and its not the right song... it's NEVER the right song) so what's even the point?" hits hard.  Very hard.
Big Renasha Bliss energy
I liked silly arms :)
Excuse me while I go to my nearest club to show off my new dance moves.
Get up and dances moving
SERIOUS LIMBS!!!
My favourite move is the "Sit comfortably, but at home and not at the party"  Never saw a negative reaction to that
I’m a Patreon support for this.  *You could say I’m an enabler of this madness*
1.25 speed is an experience
embracing the void is my move bdg how dare you
one word "quality"
you've still got it m8! *clap emojis*
I’m gonna do this one next time I go back to the club thanks
12 is a bop
"Special thanks to my top patreons" *an army of ants parade the screen*
I'd like the thank Brian for being the only youtuber who seems top know what a dance belt is
Okay but to not drop a link to that jumpsuit for purchase is really upsetting
this better be compensation for how dances moving made me feel
"Hi, I'm Minasha Please and I'll be your freestyle dance teacher"
I'd love some private lessons
I'm partial to 29 when I go out but if I'm feeling sassy I'll drop a solid 12 at the club.
Brian has owned that glittery unitard for years and we all know it to be true.
hi, im natasha malaise, and im your free style dance teacher.
this video has the exact same vibes as the one where brennan lee mulligan reads the declaration of independence, except for instead of showing off voice acting its showing off editing
King 👑
Song - Amazing Dancing - Flawless Impact - *I don’t know let me get to the depressing part first*
brian, id like you to know that your outfit is simply majestic
Thats... an outfit.
Brian walking into frame in his asymmetrical jumpsuit has so much powerful energy and I love it.
why do i have a feeling that he bought that outfit and then had to make a video to excuse the purchase?
.... brian, are you okay?
This is the spiritual sequel to Dances Moving and nobody can tell me otherwise
i love the anti-shimmy
When's the 38 parter to Dances Moving?
the "i never thought i'd see the day"
Time for “will this video be funny or psychological horror?”
If I yell "bdg taught me this move!" while performing [29. Embracing the void] in the void with nobody around to hear, do I actually make a sound?
*FLOSSING*
Brian: " how can I expense an asymmetrical sequin jumpsuit? Hmmm"
Lol how he get into it with the first one
I like this video
lovely. I never go to "the club" tho. But maybe if I get one of these jumpsuits....
“Oh when is this gonna go weir…”  *Oh, there it is*
Powerful
idk I just hit the like bottom and now I'm going to close YouTube and mind my own business, goodbye
I see Dances Moving Brian has finally adjusted to life in New York.
haha what
I had that exact hat from Lirika Matoshi and I had to sell it because it was too small for my head. That could be my exact hat that BDG found in the club. I’m glad to see that the hat is brave enough to put itself out there and went out to a club after I sold it.
I can’t wait for the pandemic to die again so I can show these off to my two friends at my three bedroom shared apartment!
Thanks I love your videos Brian keep it up
masterwork
Not youtube loading the ad but not the video 15 times :(
incredible
Glad to know that the "this one" is getting the recognition it deserves
David, I'm so sorry. But you look like an oompa loompa in that outfit, glasses and slicked back hair. Otherwise hilarious video.
Finally, I k know how to dance at the club
I like this one
20: The What Are You Looking At? You know what we're looking at, Brian
BDG taught me this move!
thank you brian for helping me save my social life at the club with this informative video!
I cannot fucking believe this video exists
so glad dances moving made a comeback
this feels like it was made to have that jumpsuit become a tax write-off
38 is my favourite number
What the fuck is he wearing and where do I buy one
First day of school I will walk up doing that. All the cool kids will pick me up and let me into their posse but I will crab walk away from them because I want people to like me for more than my dance moves *credits roll*
This is what the teacher meant by creative when they say creative writing
I've spent like 3 minutes just trying to piece together how 0:28 got made.
with the glasses, you look like pat gill
Hi, I’m Brian David Gilbert… and I’ll be your freestyle dance teacher
just in time to practice these in the bedroom alone! thanks brian!
embracing the void isn't a dance. it's a lifestyle.
I’d love to being Brian’s head just for a few minutes.  *cause Jesus Christ I wanna see what makes this glorious content*
Dances moving is really my favorite series so this is just perfect, new moves to practice
Well now I know how I'm gonna dance when the clubs open back up again in Ireland
It's been a while since bdg Made is cry while teaching is to dance
I can't believe he fit the entirety of Interstellar in twenty seconds, all while showing off his amazing and spectacularly jaw dropping dazzling dance moves.
Remember, embracing the void should only be done with consent
this is the perfect video to watch once and never again
This was great advice, thank you for helping me learn how to dance!
God, I'm so thankful clubs are open so I can try these out, thank you Bryan for your wonderful tips and visual aids!
Nice moves Brian, keep it up!
Hey Brian!! Do you remember me?? I miss you a lot I hope to see you again.
powerful
2 videos in a month, LETS GOOOO
Cant wait to yell BDG TAUGHT ME THIS MOVE at the top of my lungs and be completely ignored because no one can hear me over the music anyways
Thank you for blessing us with another unique experience 💞🙏
Thank you for the 38 dance moves to try at the club! I will perform these 38 dance moves the next time I go to the club!
Me when Brian David Gilbert uploads
obsessed with the several stories told in this one in very short succession
this is giving me dua lipa vibes
I'll be sure to test these out at my next party in 50 years!
Haven't even watched the video already a classic
No. 20 is always my go-to.
this is my new favourite BDG video
wow the new dances moving season looks great!
yoo
So should I give the monologue or just do the dance?
EMBRACE THE V O I D
Once again clicked as fast as I could and did not regret it
I can vibe with "Embracing the Void"
This is the funniest thing I have seen in a while
I like to start out my dance with the powerful finish because it keeps people on their toes B)
Renata Bliss makes a return. In STYLE!
Mission control lied. They just wanted to see what would happen.
What a marvelous display to soothe my hurt unworthy eyes upon, truly splendid
its moves like these that make me happy to have my name in the credits
Projared dance team
dances moving season two is a lot more unhinged than the first season
Brian are you ok??? is this a cry for help??? what does this mean?????
oh no, poor astronaut...
29 Embracing the Void is a mood
Brian David Gilbert? More like Badass Dancing Guy
MY PROM WAS YESTERDAY GODDAMMIT
"What is BDG doing?" *"He's starting to believe"*
love you brian <3
dances moving is honestly my favorite thing still
dare i say this is extremely helpful?
Makes me miss dances moving
“36. This one”
IM DEFINITELY TRYING THIS OUT AT 3 IN THE MORNING THANK YOU VERY MUCH FOR THIS EXTREMELY INSTRUCTIONAL VIDEO
I will be working 'the new hat' next time I'm clubbing!
only bdg can add just the most random shit to a video and then move on as if nothing ever happened
This is an outfit I want to see more of
here’s the new thing that you’re choosing………..
Seriously I was reading old comments on Dances Moving when I got this notif and if that's not somehow summoning this exact nature of content idk what is
Appreciate that gender non-conformity with that wardrobe.
The good lord Gilbert has GIFTED US. with this jumpsuit
Ground Control to BDG Ground Cobtrol to BDG  Planet Earth is blue  But this video made me happy. Thanks, Brian!
Based and dance-pilled
i got the notification for this while listening to Weezer :/
if your person doesn’t dance through multiple life ending scenarios in the club are they really worth your time
that thumbnail can only be described as problematic
Serious limbs tho
i'll be sure to try all these dance moves next time I go out! 💃🕺
Is this the outfit from Confessions of a Teenage Drama Queen?
The outfit, flawless The dance moves, emotionally moving The video, impeccable
Are we human? Or are we dancers?
the asymmetrical jumpsuit is fabulous
Chefs kiss
thanks, brian david gilbert, for this very informative video
Damn really quick turn around on this one Brian
my go-to move is definitely the anti shimmy 😌
(Walks In)  *Oh, this is what a sexual awakening feels like*
WOOOO!! Work It!! Yeaaah!! Go Brian!! 🤩
The amount of funny videos he's been putting out lately makes me scared for the Eldritch horror he surely has in the works
I used all of these last week wtf there are eyes everywhere
These moves transcend the club. These moves are the future
perfect for when i next go to a club in... several years
Not one of the best but still good :-) thank you xx
The next TikTok dance trend 👍
The dancing is great but the outfit is even better
No crab 0/10
stunning
…what
Please tech me to anti shimmy i need it for a thing
Step touch it up!
you pull that dress off really well
Insane
The pauldron slapper
Trying all of these out lol
Could have easily been 40 if you actually acknowledged the "very visible jazz instrument" dances
I used the legendary 40th
Majestic as always!
I love how absolutely random these videos are. Lol
Can't believe there's no orange justice in this list, smh
'welcome friends, im bdg, and ill teach you how to dance properly' this is the sequel to dances moving we all needed.
Sure why not
This is magnificence incarnate: the Big Finish being the one from his Perfect Pokerap 👌🏻
DANCES MOVING
Thank you icon
brian looks like the “it’s wednesday my dudes” guy here
Thanks Brian
This reminds me of haha what which is one of my favorite of your videos so this is delightful
Brian is gradually getting more insane as his editing skill increases
That’s cool
Not first!
Wow I'm early
The new hat, iconic
FUCK YEAH
damn! he’s REALLY good
Embracing the void         The silly arms
What a gift on this fine day
The drip
That's a banging outfit Brian
cool vid :)
lets go boogie time
I immediately clicked when I saw the outfit
he looks like a B-tech Jim Moriarty
This might replace my go-to dance, Fork in the Garbage Disposal
Gotta say it BDG, red is really your color
I've never been this early before.
I am currently the "floating in space"
will be trying out the floating in space one
Thank you
He’s literally a professional free style dancer -Change my mind
Behold, peak internet!
Philadelphia
Never been to a club, never plan on going, but I still find the video very useful and have the dances memorised
Personally I’d rather do the no I’m just a little tired today
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOO WEAR THAT RED GLITTER ONE PIECE LIKE A BOSS
Bury me in a similar outfit
ABSOLUTELY SPECTACULAR, BEST VIDEO YET
It’s been so long since I’ve been out dancing so I really appreciate this
I'm in awe at this man's power
My Mom always said you can tell a lot about a man by the way he dances.
ha ha, what
moves.
Only BDG could pull off that outfit
I'll try these some time
Yeyeye
anti-shimmy my beloved
The red outfit symbolizes passion
wow that outfit is immaculate
48th
Gather round children, it's that time again
after watching dances moving how do i know this isn't just another existential crisis
this is gonna get philosophical real quick
THAT OUTFIT THO...    Its amazing
Great video very informational 5 stars
This man, with THIS video title? I had to click.
When the drugs finally kick in:
i want bdg to try these moves on me in bed 😩
2 seconds in and oh my god
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates🎈
This was literally just for Brian to show off that dress suit thing
I’m always looking forward to what this Madman does next
ALREADY entranced by the clothing
Yes, this is brilliant
sweet, first
He
Ok thank God what perfect timing I was just about to run out of moves at the club!
The anti-shimmy looks how a panic attack feels
My gender is whatever the fuck this guy has going on
Bdg never fails to amaze
oh fuck yes
Perfection as always
the swagger is strong with this one
This outfit certainly is something
Thanks, I’ll definitely use these once covid is gone!
Our freestyle dance teacher
Oh yes father Gilbert give us those moves
gonna try all of these
It's always a good time when BDG uploads a vid
Yesss work it
Nice outfit bro
fIRST? IVE NEVER BEEN THIS QUICK
why
Dances moving flash backs
oh this'll be interesting
God bless BDG
thanks ill try them
Just what I needed
Dances Moving sequel when(now)
I love your videos
Literally never clicked so fast.
Yoooooo
Oh boy
