2025
Scary to see we are literally worse now.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 love rantbridge
MU transfer year in year out been slow.
Ole is a joke of a manager   Name a team in the top 10 that happily swap him for their manager
The Glazers want to spend the bare minimum to finish top 4 and that’s it.  Let’s face it, we won’t challenge again till the Glazers and their incompetent henchmen Woodward and Judge are history!!
Unitedstand the new aftv...  Absolute pathetic banter club 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I get the points but Excuse FC in the first 6 minutes, other top 6 teams had practically exactly the same schedules. The only point i’d say is valid is the transfer argument. The cycle stated is so true, Ole has not been backed here.
You're a visionary Mark, not many see the truth of what is really happening at this club.
Ole didn’t prepare the team no excuse for lack of games or fitness or pre season. These players are professionals it’s there job.  Give the kids a start at least their hearts will be in it.
Sorry, but much of this is laughable.  The transfer window thing is okay.  But the "no pre-season" is nonsense.  There was a weeks difference between everyone else and Man Utd.  You act as though the Man Utd team are complete strangers.  Nonsense.  You can't say "we've brought no-one in" and "they haven't trained together" in the same sentence.   Every single team has been adversely affected by Coivid-19.  All of them, it's not an excuse.  A tired Man Utd team should be beating Palace at Old Trafford.  Period.  The problem is lack of transfers, low morale, and frankly - opponents getting better.  But please stop with the excuses about tiredness and the lack of prep.  These are supposed to be elite sportsmen.
i actually just skip past your "Ole In" bit to get to the football talk
Evra should come in as an assistant
Breaking new, Ed just flew out to Germany. On holiday.
Jose said his greatest achievement was 2nd with this club....he's right it was a miracle.
Man United are mugs u over pay players in wages and transfer fees.
Man United in the mud
What Anchelotti is doing at Everton is what a good manager do.
Harry maguire 85m 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣. We would have sold lovren to you's for 10m.🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣. So tired of this ' this is manchester united ' line.
wow HELLA EXCUSES!!
I rather get relegated and get rid off this owners than win something with the Glazers.
Making a drama out of nothing and it's the first game of the season, chill. Pays to hate though 🙄
So maguire wasn't what the manager wanted? Wan bissaka? Bruno? Pogba? Sorry but some of these players have been the managers choice and only a few of them have lived up to it.
Love Ole
Sorry Mark you're wrong we were not all delighted that Ole was appointed, a lot of United fans questioned it as he is not an experienced elite manager. What we did do was fully support him That's what you're supposed to do.  I think if Ole had a team of world class players he would still fail ( I desperately hope I'm wrong about that and hope to be proven wrong).  I think he is showing that he is tactically inept. All out backs to the wall counter attack against superior teams and hope for the best. Struggle and lose to teams that are defensivly organised and counter attack us.Playing a high line with two slow brutal Centre Backs is evidence of that. Ok you can paper over the result against Palace with individual players not being fit or  in form etc. But the fact is for a lot of games last season we dropped points easily. We did lose 10 games or so. And your excuses of piss poor preparations etc falls at the manager.   This nonsense of Ole not being backed is a joke Maguire, James, AWB, Bruno, VDB come on man. So were all our signings under Ole not the players he wanted or approved of ?
My shoes are too tight 😕
Goldbridge: "United Stand is for the fans" Also Goldbridge: "Those who want Ole out are idiots"
Aye they probably have agents out there spewing the Ole Out rhetoric
Ain't gonna lie if Ole does get sacked I probably will stop watching. Mark is right, the problem is with the people who own the club. How will the team have the ambition if their bosses dont?
Name one player that Ole has improved since becoming manager!!!!!! Says it all.
Billion spent since Ferguson left but the Managers are not backed. Not really true is it
We have been a joke in transfer market since Glazers taken over and putting Woodward to handle the transfers. We linked like all the players but we hardly sign any. Lindelof when playing with Marquire is hopeless. Without Matic the midfield is shaky. I not sure when the nightmare will end! Please any billionaire out there please help to take over the club.
Chequebook fc and still moaning about not getting backed. Pathetic coyg
League is gone ... surrival is the key word, Sancho will not transfer this year, the Dortmund Team is bouncing with so many young talent, hes having the time of his life, and also Manu is not sexy to play for at the present. But i say despite the situation LONG LIVE OLE gunner
What is the point bring in more players when tactics are wrong. Guys what these players needs is a good hairdryer treatment. Ole should know by right now since he played under SAF
Same old agenda from the same old fans indeed
Lets all be real here Ole is tactically inept when it comes to decision making in games, he relies a lot on just playing on the counter and only rarely after the first lock down he played out and out attacking football. When it comes to breaking down doesn'twill just allow his opponents to have the ball and rely on the off chance that they will lose it and play on the counter and get a goal ive seen it time and time again. He seems to have a one tactic fits all approach , other than maybe playing against the top 6 teams.
Can't blame no pre season fully. Wolves were exactly the same and still beat a decent Sheff Utd side
A big club can't give a manager unlimited chances. United are a good side. Ole was lucky to be given the job with no cv. He should have been sacked months ago imo
I've been saying that to my friends for days, now mark has proven me right, thx mate🔴🔴
this sentiment about foreign fans from certain United fans is just ridiculous.  We should all be proud of our foreign fans, without them United would not be as big as the are!
Totally unpprepared
Lindalof should go he is not good enough
Mark your spot on!  I would take relegation if it meant getting rid of the Glazer's, ole performed miracles last season but everyone is worried about what he didn't do rather than what he did do.
Yeah, Glazers Need to get kick out, by all means!.... But the fact that Ole has been with us for a full season and the team still doesn't have a style or tactic set, should worry us all. Team plays to nothing, I don't mind how long was the past season, is not excuse for a team like ManUnited to look that slow and lost like they did with Crystal Palace; and that goes to Ole lack of management during the game, same warning signs I saw during Europe League... Seems like he can't react away from his roaster scheme. Mark my words, Ole is not the manager for ManUnited or any other first league team.
Victor is not good enough... For me I think Ole is racists because we can't understand why he constantly ignore the problems of Victor he was the main problem last season Eric and Smelling are 1million times better than victor he need to forget able help his brother Victor and show love to the team... Let him give Eric or Smalling chance
Ole is mediocre and out of his depth
With this material and this board. If great champions league winning managers like Van Gaal and Mourinho couldn't do it, nobody can. So change the board and the players first.
I think Scott did okay, he was one of the sharpest out there☝️. But protecting the back four? He deserves 1/10
Chris waddle predicts man utd to win the league. So they must at least have a chance. Have faith.
Back this manager who is a club legend, do not ask for him to be sack when things are the same during the season, any managers hands are tied under the board. Truth is they don't want to compete for the league only 4th place. They've turned us into Arsenal.
No matter what excuses you give United haven't changed one bit despite injecting the team with £250M worth of talent. Ole consistently looks poor tactically. Arteta and Arsenal had one training session before facing Liverpool in the community shield, yet they put in an elite level performance with drive and passion. United didn't have drive, nothing of the sort against Palace. Ole is a very poor manager and the sooner United see that the sooner they can get on and do well. Mark is acting as if Ole has just come into the club, he's been there for over a season now.
Manchester United need to sign talent and not big names talent is cheap big names are expensive
Ole is an inexperienced manager until you realize he's same age bracket and experience with Pep and Zizou lol
Remember if the sponsorship pull out then Manchester United can close there doors and force the glazers to sell the club Ole is the man for the job Manchester United needs to get a new owner and backed Ole
Lol.
Banter club
Ancellotti is by far the better manager than ole. We won't win anything with ole. It's a challenge. No players are progressing. Ole is clueless. Tiredness  isn't a an excuse. Look at wolves are they tired. They have played  Europa league
Ole should walk he’s not good enough just ruining his own name
You talk crap mate with a centre back and a winger nothing will ever change as its also the strike force that's got an issue, they can't score goals fact. Martial Rashford James have had long enough to progress its never going to happen get rid now and buy some World class additions.
Glazers out cos they're anti-manunited
The same thing has been happening for 7 years. It’s the glazers and Woodward bleeding our great club
Well said mark
Mark all the great players we bought have become ordinary coaching coaching coaching
The promblem is that we know the board is crap, but so is ole, for two seasons the style of play is so much dependent on individual form, the team as a whole style of play is poor, lower side team look like we are playing against real madrid , hence why fans wants ole out because tactically no plan b
Spot On
Ole got relegated with Cardiff........ and he is residing over an under performing united team ........ enough said . Bayern’s whole team that won the champions league last season cost 90 million . 80 million for maguire ....:..: ole , bless him , was never the man to manage United .
If you can't support us when we loose or draw, you don't deserve to support us when we win...
Who is picking the team it's not the board. Team selection is very poor
How can you back Ole when he makes a poor team selection We will never win any cups under Ole.
Dont compare Ancelotti with Ole... they are on a diff lvl altogether
United will probably sell a player on the last day of the transfer window again, so they dont need buy any replacement.
I think Ole is not a cup winning manager. We lost the Europa cup and the Fa cup because of poor team selection. Where is Matic Fred and Bisaka. Lindelof should not be in the first team .He is a disaster.
Thiagoooooooooooo
I agree with you 100%. Glazers and how they raid our club IS the reason!
Only has no plan  B at all, he shouldn't be United's  manager. yesterday's game wasn't just the players fault it was the management it was the game plan. they did not have any game plans.
Absolutely love that comment from shaw
Do you honestly think that a new Manger would want to come and mange United with this MESS! Ole is still good enough. If and it is a big IF this board backs him he will be a success. Take a leaf from the past, Sir Alex was on the verge of being sacked, the FA Cup win saved him and looked what happened. I wish those people who want Ole give him a chance!!!!!!
Too bad for united at home.
ole out.. poch in
Will throw you in canal comment could be from glazers just to spread hate 😳 Ignore those type of comments and let's unite against these bloody leechers.
Apparently those who think ole isn’t good enough have an agenda ....
i think we should relegated first, to wake up the glazers.
i want Ole out since lose to Everton 4-0 and Cardiff game at home 2-0 , hes a legend but hes not the right man for the job.
Pochettino has proven that he can work with limited resources who can reach CL final with this crap spurs team ????
Just uploaded my video response hopefully I get in
We got third place because all the teams suffered from lock down ! Pochettino will not wait long for us !
Why can’t I be ole out and glazers out can you explain ? Even everton have a manager that has a cv ! This is man united we should have the best manager in the world!!!
Sell rashford  buy leon Bailey
mark man utd where they are lacking is in the midfield just in front our defence these players like pogba, mctominay are very poor in protecting our defence get that right you might see a better man utd performance.this is why fred  should play every game he breaks up the play but  if ole keeps playing his favorites he deserves to get the sack.
mark as i have always said on the united stand laurent blanc was the coach he has more experience in coaching ole was never the right choice  ole will get himself sacked cause he just plays his favorites  and same stupid formation 4231 if ole had of started fred, van de beek instead mctominay and pogba united would not have lost this opening game, mark  our midfielders like pogba and mctominay don’t protect our defence  how many times mark are we going to ole at fault it happens time and time  again he picks the wrong formation and the starting lineups and he gets it wrong ole relies on individual efforts to win the game once that fails  ole will be done at man utd he has stop playing his favorites , pogba rashford, should not be starting every game players like  donny van de beek, fred, dalot, bailly should be starting.
This manchester United not a trip to a safari park couldn't stop laughing 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
let relegation happen. it's the only sure fix.
The teams needs to revamp and the manager cannot do that without new player ,  Sack Ole is rubbish , grant you the team not being prepared  is all at the manager’s feet because it’s his wholesome responsibility. But all this is on the person or persons who has not gotten him the players he needs , makes you wonder what exactly is the plan to get the players to make up a good rotating squad .
Most likely not in for him but David Alaba would be a fantastic signing
The manager needs his own players in. The owners aren’t going to strengthen the squad to the levels that are required.
How does this bloke have a platform ? Literally has no idea about football, signings, requirements, Man Utd. ANYTHING but football. Fucking prat
Ole needs to go. I know his contribution as a player but he is not fit to manage MU. We insisted on MU making new signing and we do need but we should have easily dislodged crystal palace with the players we have already!  Shame
Ole is an up and coming manager😂😂😂😂😂😂
I agree ollie aint good enough i know that but until board gone.  This will just repeat  with any manager we get
Motivation? Every Manchester United player should be motivated to put on the shirt and perform. I believe the players are off pace due to lack of proper preparation.
Olé Mass be live man united
I'll support Ole no matter what, because I know where the real problem lies..
The last time Mark said to try Bailly instead of Lindelof last season he found out the very next game he was silly to think so and here he is again... We already know Bailly gives us heart palpitations
Look at ole and then look at pep and kloop  How can ole win the league or even champions league...it's impossible...with the players we got...it's just impossible even with the kind of board we got too...it's impossible..
Transfer news 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
In January 1990, a large part of United's supporters wanted Ferguson (the knighthood was another nine years away) out of the club. United had lost at home to ''CRYSTAL PALACE'' the previous month, prompting a banner in the Stretford End that accused Ferguson of presiding over "three years of excuses" at Old Trafford.  Sir Alex Ferguson went on to become the greatest manager of all time   maybe its a cycle of rebirth, a diamond in the rough.
Just a thought, but maybe Ole picked the team he did so it would let the problems shine and be known to Woodward that more signings are needed. Now I dont think Ole wanted to lose, but he did not pick his strongest team on purpose. It's just a thought, I may be 100% wrong who knows. 🤷‍♂️
Unfortunately for United they're properbly not going to get rid of the Glazers, so the best thing that can happen is them hiring a Director of Football who actually knows what he is doing and is great at recruitment. The first I can think of is Ralf Ragnick who is incredible at it.
Man had Martial, Pogba, Greenwood , Bruno. and you can't beat crystal palace.  that is down to the manager. how is it acceptable to sit on bench 1 - 0. no coaching at man utd. Ole Is a PE teacher. Ole is a fraud. OLEOUT. done with this guy.
Ole's an upcoming manager??? He's been managing longer than Pep Guardiola
Luke is basically saying the players dont have morale becuase of a lack of investment. I dont believe Pogba will sign, ole isn't good enough but we cannot leave the blame solely on his doorstep if at all.
Ridiculously spot on.
A great manager gets consistency, Ole isn't getting that, have to ask why not.
@mark Goldbridge , you need to start a movement against Glazer , believe me if I would be able to I'll , but I can't do anything from india , but you guys can do . Start alone if you have to , support will come and you know it
Pratt
Squad of bottlers.
Sign Lamptey and Ben white from Brighton!👹
I am thinking Ole will get sacked by Christmas because we won't buy anyone
If you’re ‘Ole in’ you’re one of two things: -Either stuck in the past and fixated on Ole’s legend status -Don’t have a clue about football  Time to wake up and smell the coffee. Ole AND the board are the problem. Our rival fans are laughing at our collective delusion that Ole is going to take us places. Progress? I think you all are forgetting how bad last season was. Wake up!
when ole came he said he knew the utd way of winning ...this isnt utds way   ole out go get poch
Back Ole we need Jadon and Alex Telles and centre back.  We need back our manager . Board and Glazers out
There is some problem with United performance dep. The players are tired. I believe they exagerated in preparation in pre season
We need a centre back.
Board out for not supporting. We need signings .
Please stop saying Saudis in? The hatchet job to khashoggi is too much. Just ask for new owners is it that hard to not want human rights abusers as our owners?
Buy Domingos Duarte to Granada, before he goes to Real Madrid
Man utd mad at Twitter for transfer frenzie thata what i read
Mengi is QUICK! He should have started against Palace.
I back ole until it is clear he is the one hurting our progress. Maybe he will not be good enough, but he has to be given resources.
We want the glazers out
95% ole out people are not fans of united.
It doesn't matter if we sign Sancho now! There are deep problems within this club! It's like the players don't want to play. Countless sideways passes with no movement at all! Probably lack of motivation.
If you play COD check my latest vid, honest review
Ole is out of his depth... he tactics suck.
Really hope the glaziers sell this shambles of a team
Well said Goldfish!!
how about alternatives to sancho... liverpool picked up thiago for 25 million...
Best United Stand Video
I actually thought mctominay was ok tbh probs our best player Bruno and pogba gave the ball away more
Ole is poor and has always bin poor. Credit to wat he has done but he has to go
Btw ,,,,i love the club,,,this club is my drug,,,,😀😀😀 forever❤️ butt with this board 😀 🙏plz pardon me to unsubscirbe you,,, i wont see anything regarding to glazer united😀,,i m sorry🙏but somebody have stepped up
Man utd the new arsenal lol
100 percent agree with what your saying Trent !
10000000 per cent agree with the points of this vid
With ole i was ok for him being manager short term after jose was sacked didn't want him full time, but i backed him after even though i wanted poch. Its frustrating but this board would have driven guardiola out by now.
If glazers woodward wont resign 😀 i m not going to support my team ,,, the team which i support from childhood,,,its heartbreaking,,,,i hate myself to support this club,,,supporting this club is like supporting goazers
They beat us at Old Trafford last season as well, were we not prepared???
Completely agree with you Mark. Top man. Someone with a sensible head
Yup exactly. I had no trust in united winning the palace game... And it helped me win $100 on betway.
Dele alli on a 1 year Loan with option to buy? Back up to bruno. Rather have him on the bench than Lingard. Perfect way to see if his a good fit.
Is this Utd squad ready for champions league football?
Ole team selection and the players is the reason they lost. Ole is not good enough for mu like the glazers n Woodward
If we don’t bring new  players that we need we will be suffering this season
I hope he start mengi instead of Victor
Lacked fitness, speed and passion
🙄THERE'S NO EXCUSE FOR OLE, EVEN HIS SELECTION
Glazer out
Does it really matter who the manager is? With our current signing policy, management and ownership, we are fucked.
There's no excuse for this loss
James has to leave, still want Ole out but I support him
We do need a new centre back but need to get rid of at least three of the ones we already have.
Alot of excuses, a poor team is a poor team, 7th at best
Linderpants, MC Fridge, Bailey, tunzebe, some Argentina dude out on loan, Jones the next Duncan Edwards, Smalling plz sell me to Roma,.. That's 7 CBS and none of them good enough. I can't see the board buying another CB until some of that crap is shovelled out. We all know we need one. I'm worried for this.
Defence need to be sorted out a solid dm and centreback
I'd personally focus on getting a top class centre back rather than Sancho at the moment. Then buy Sancho nexr season.
Mark on the utd payroll
Couch is a big dum dum
I’m sorry mark I am sick off United now u saying sick potch I’m sick off ole with his Poor tatics Yh potch never won anything he had better tatics chairman wants a yes man manger not big ego manager will manager like potch came 3rd mark. No he didn’t we was 14th Bruno saved us. Not ole sorry for spellings
No excuses we lost simple
McTominay is a Darren Fletcher all over again. Very average player that will give you a 5-7 rating game. Decent as depth but, never ever a starter. Never.
Look at Spurs last week, unfit and got beat - today, fitter and rip it up. Got Bale, team got a boost too.
Goldbridge spot on with all the oleout'ers no manager stands any chance with this board
If a top quality manager shows potential with improved performances and results, surely the owners will better support the team. That's good business too. 😊
There's no way Mark believes that Poch, Pep, Klopp or Nagelsmann wouldn't do bits with this squad. It's about systems and philosophies. A good manager can win a game with inferior players. A bad manager with better players will still lose.
Mark, I'm not following your logic.   If a good manager will fail here, what chance does Ole have?
Man utd are in a very very very bad situation rn I feel bad
How do Everton improve in 6 weeks? Employ a proper coach. Simples!
I wasnt Ole at the wheel Mark. It was a Glazer PR move and has been since. Most fans wont go against Ole and so they wont demand Ole to be sacked or replaced. And if there are bad days he can be told what to say to ensure no one gets on their back.
Mate you know your football, spot on boss!!!
Transfers had nothing to do with this loss. Starting eleven was weak, Substitutions was crap and tactics incomprehensible. End of Story
Let's just face it, think on this, Solskaejer was told who to play yesterday, ole is not at the wheel, it seems to me he has been told to form a class of 94. United are not buying anymore players and he has been told you have the players now win games. He will be gone by  Xmas as the scapegoat
EFL Championship next. A relegation is the best that could happen to this club.
Poch wouldn’t get sacked with this squad Cos hed comfortably finish in the top 4, and that’s all the board want us to do.... poch is like klopp and pep, they know how to make average players perform better because they are COACHES...
Please let Donny(v d Beek) show Ole a video the way Ajax play, cause United play whit out any philosophi i can notice ,its like we say "lose sand" you can buy what you want but if have no kind of system/philosophy....you only win one luck, and thats what we did last seasons, c'om on UNITED!
Ole is not good enough to attract exceptional new players to your club.  Simple!
That's tuff
Ole needs support so he can force glazers to buy players he need
Tons of people said it would be monumentally stupid to give Ole the job that is clearly false
Call me mad but I'd play telles left back, shaw left center back, he has the pace, maguire for and give balance and quick enough to cover, at least for a season till we can go for upamecano
Does the retake of a penalty only apply if missed will they do the same if it was scored
Thinking Sancho and a CB Is enough is unrealistic. We desperately need a top class CDM and another LB to even make the top 4, let alone close the gap to Liverpool.
Pogba is the biggest myth in football, he simply doesnt understand tha game, I dont now why people overrate him
The glazers are cancer, but ole should be doing better.... slow, boring football. Passing the ball from left to right and vice versa... hope we get better, ole had his first season of trust, now its time to be criticised if he is poor...
Lets be honest, totally honest.  If things don't change soon. No player will want to come to us, fact.  We are   looking like a joke of a club which is run very poorly.  No ambition from the board is a huge turn off for new players and new fans
Flick fixed the Kovac Bayern from 7th in Bundesliga to Kings of Europe
I think the real problem is the Glazers. They aren’t backing the managers. Pessimists, will say, Ole is not good enough, but Mourinho, Van Gaal, Moyes. A manager is only as good as his players on the pitch. Managers need to have the players they want. If they don’t get the players, they will certainly loose. I’m with you in this Mark. Either help Ole procure his players or GLAZERS OUT
The player's we have missed out on is a joke. James Rodriguez what a buy for Everton.  The board are the problem it's been clear for years we need a director of football.  Mourinho pointed this out also. How on earth will we attract players with ed woodward in charge, he's not a football man. For a club as big as man United it's bad very bad.
United needs just a 3 players in this transfer Raul jemnaz and upmecanno with sancho
Poch doesn’t use wingers which is why I wouldn’t take him
We have to get 2or3 players in
Mark. I dont understand why United has thing "buy young talent" for the future. There is no guarantee that these young players scouting, signed and in the team will produce results and trophies in the future. It makes zero sense. Everyone wants results, trophies and fancy football, but where is it? United isn't a contender this year. Mid table if lucky.
This club is on its knees. the decline is in full flow.
Forget about Sancho meh there are so many gd players out there, we're running after Sancho for months now pls let's move on
Ole out after first game of the season is flipfloping at new level.
When we tried to play the ball forward everybody was stood still no one making runs to  create space  until van Der beek came on
It’s because the argument now is that this squad is too good to be playing so bad. Give Jurgen klop or pep that squad yesterday and they’re winning the game. Ole isn’t even using the tools he’s got. With a decent coach we at least avoid these embarrassing results.
The evidence is mounting -‘Leech FC glazers you see’
Ole Out Woodward Out Glazers Out
Smalling great idea
Ill only be ever Ole out if he is given the tools to win. If we bought Sancho, a CDM, a CB etc and we still lost, then yes Ole out. But when hes not backed and people expect miricles, its not going to happen
Ole Gunnar solksjaer is a PE coach even if the board backs him he will never win the league even in million years
I think giving Mengi a chance... should be the order ...
It should have been Fred ... at defensive mid ...
Ole was skinned by old Roy.  Ole's deficiencies won't be papered over with better players.  We had enough to beat Palace.  But if Ole is good enough, then we might as well get used to losing to lower tier clubs.
Mark Goldbridge is a Fucking Hypocrite!! 😈
I think the main problem is in our boards,we must change the structure, and also the other problem is ole doesn't have a good tactics,even though he also can change and find the perfect formation, we don't have creativity skill in our left side and right side like rashford,shaw,james,fosu mensah, too much focused on central just relying to heavily on bruno and pogba, we can't maximize martial role,so we can't destroy opponent's defense.
Would AF have been beaten in the same game with the same players? We all know the answer is NO, so there it is, the Manager is not good enough.
managers win leages  and get sacked whats your point    he is  garbage      dalot  is a attacking right back  and cant get a look in
Glazers Out definitely...
what a load of crap we need new players now
Yesterday cant be blamed on the owners and in no way should any of these players not be fit enough, to say they are exhausted is a joke, they are professionals and should always be match ready. Even a casual observer knew De beek should of started.
Im not going to lie i love ole for ole anf ill never be ole out but evan if we get sancho an center back an a left back we still going to play the same week in week out out no tactics no game plan its like its just do want u want lads so tbh i dont really think signings we need or dont need change a thing until we have a identity a way to play an an way to play when our way doesnt work just my opinion
Ole is garbage  average average average coach
Always said, Chris Smalling is better than Maguire.
Lindelof cannot tackle (id sell him- bet Ole cant even if he wanted to). , Mctominay cant be CDM behind Bruno and Fernandez,  the other thing is  we don't score  enough or create enough chances ,  I think we need a striker and a winger, Sancho for 110 million is not the solution,  he wont save us, when he plays for Dortmund he's not the only world class player there, they've got several skilful players with consistent end product, our attacking players are not consistent
Imagine being the board / owners  and thinking that on the pitch results won't eventually effect their bank balances 🤔🤔🤔. Complete total  clueless fuckery .
Luke shaw doesn’t get into Leeds team tho
Trip to the safari park ... I liked that one 😅😅😅
MAN UTD HAVE NEVER EVEN TAKEN A SNIFF AT THE CROTCH OF SANCHO, LET ALONE BATTED AN EYELID OR GLANCE AT HIM. WE WILL NEVER SIGN SANCHO, AND OUR BUSINESS HAS ALREADY BEEN COMPLETED WITH VAN DER BEEK. THAT'S IT...FINITO BANITO. OVER. NOTHING ELSE COMING. SO TRANSFER WINDOW IS CLOSED
“How do Everton get where they are now” cus the have one of the best coaches to play the game lol
How hypocritical can you be? You made videos about how Jose and LVG need to be out, but when it's Ole you're saying anyone who wants him out is an idiot who doesn't know what they're talking about?  Also Ole isn't an "upcoming manager" ffs, he's been in management for 13 YEARS, the same amount of time as Pep
Ole was lucky to get in the top 4. It was not a good season. The gap between us and the top two was too large. The defeat against Palace is similar to last year. These were the kind of games we struggled with last year, the same pattern! No system, tactics, and I cant see Ole getting more points than Pep and Klopp. Ask yourself, which club would be eyeing Ole as their manager?
I disagree with the Mourinho bit where you said he didnt have success. He won three trophies and got you guys second place with a deflated team.. i know second place isnt winning anything but still a CL spot...
The only reason to get a new manager would be if the new one would win us the league this season or something and it’s only Oles fault we’re not doing well enough, neither the case
hasn't united spent like at least 800m since sir alex retired ?  its not the glazers fault. blame recruitment, scouting, coaching. its not lack of investment.
I remember when it was mourinho or guardiola....I was so disappointed with getting Jose ... I think pep would of forced the board into major improvements
He took us to 3rd last season...he deserves to be backed by the board, he's earned that chance
I’m sick and tired of this guy talking out of his arse
The only manager who could operate successfully and win trophies under this board and ownership was Sir Alex Ferguson, one of the greatest managers ever.
and mark...shut your pie hole, you prat
lingard probably has a godfather in man u, otherwise why is he still here? as for jones.....lets not even go there
smalling is better than mcguire...james is totally useless...got the soccer sense of a 5 year old. matic should be in china....rashford will never be world class...just another welbeck
What are you on about Mark? Ole is very sub par. Poch and others will do way better.
The song ”20 times, 20 times, 20 times” will be shelved for good after 2021 it seems.
Also, when are we gonna talk about how Pogba has looked for almost a year now like the player most of his critics deride him as; a Sissoko with more flair. And not a 90+ million midfielder.
ok, glaziers out....and ole is not good enough
Glazers have destroyed us😢😢😢 Our club is finished 💔💔💔💔 I have given up football..
If Lindelof was wearing the zebra away kit a vet would have put him down.
I really wish the fans had more control on the club bcuz the glazers are just playing games with us
Mark ole is a pe teacher
Quit the waffle ffs
I am dispirited by the grind of year after year after year of mismanagement and exploitation by the Glazers; and year after year after f*cking year of writing about it too.  The players have got to be feeling that as well.  After their massive effort, that got us to third, they expected and deserved help from the owners to strengthen.  When the owners publicly demonstrate in the transfer market that they have no intention of doing that... doing what is necessary to make this team challenge for trophies, that malaise will spread down through the staff and players and the fans.  Psychologically, consciously or subconsciously, they all have to be thinking “What’s the f*cking point?”.  Whether there is merit in blaming the manager or players or not, the fact is that there is a deep and worsening sickness in this club that will not be significantly changed by any amount of changing the manager or the players.
Its normal to overreact and I think most people are at this point. Ole made mistakes, team selection was not good. We will never know the real reason as to why he picked that team. Have people forgotten Fred ? . He has qualities of both Carrick and fletcher. He can breakup play and quickly release the ball to offensive plays. He was so good last year.....literally everywhere on the pitch..his energy was crazy. We lack players who can smell danger! Absolute no protection from Midfield.....remember the goals that knocked us out in UCL....Carrick would be the closest player to the danger man...Olic(Bayern)...Robben(Bayern)....and so many other occasions. Lindelof even being a defender cannot smell danger? He is a weak defender. He looks like he just started playing in the premier league like how Vidic looked in 2005 jan. He is good ball playing defender..but I think people get too hung up on ball playing Cbs....Do the basics for Gods sake.....he fails to block or show much effort to stop crosses far too many times. We need a fast no-nonsense CB asap. We are not as bad as people are thinkning. Ole needs to act now!
When fergie went he left a successful, but ageing team that needed re building and you lot have never recovered from that. You spent 100s of millions and yesterday was the end product.
Mark , stop whining. The club needs to get the best out of the players they have and we are not. Top class players are coming in and going backwards . Carrington is the problem.
supporting man utd has become so stressful...i think its time for me to switch to other sports..
“Never say Ole out, even if we lose 10 on the trot” are you having a laugh. You talk absolute utter shite Goldbridge.
Scott can only play that poss if Fred is with him helping out
Ridiculous! We are dead water. Can't buy player, can't sell any player as well! If we can sell Romero, Rojo, Jones, Smalling, Pereirra, Lingard and Mata, we are going to save significant amount of wage budget and we can free out some space for young players. At least a change of energy rather than keeping players that are not playing at all. What is that Management?
the debt should have been paid off along time ago. wood wood needs to go and concentrate on the commercial side of things if no then shown the door along with the glazers.....sell the club and be realistic about the price because as long as they re running things then united will no longer be successful on the pitch. why set up someone to fail?
Your favorite player mark, Luke shaw was horrendous but mark wont allow anyone to say his not good
Lindelof is the Mustafi of United.
‘...Mike I respect you .... but are you a goldfish.?...’ 😂😂😂😂😂
We all know what Ole is (not proven) but how do you get experience? Why would the glazers give him the job ( knowing what he's about) and then not back him. Fucking shambles by the board. I really want Ole to succeed.
Good
I was NEVER ole in!!!!!!!!!!!!
We need players
Man United management should wake up and buy player not been stingy..the club have move forward like other clubs
Ole is more crap than this squad. Loads of managers out there would do better with this squad.  I wonder how some United fans have managed to convince themselves that losing to Crystal Palace at home is the board's fault. We can't be losing to lesser teams and keep blaming the board for Ole's incompetence.
It not the coach fault . He not gettin tge right backin from the board as always
Remember last season. Getting our hopes up after Chelsea game. Then, debacle.
No future of Man U with Maguire Lindalof Periera Mc Tomny...
Glazers using Robber Baron tactics and dividing and conquering the fans to make a profit!
Haha still going on about sancho for +100mil, got a buy back clause for zaha for 40mil and he totally battered us once again. Club is a shambles
God no don't keep Smalling.. We need someone that could move the ball out of defense.. Both Smalling and Lindeløf have no clue.. Like full panic everytime they get the ball in their feet.. No.. We need a playing CD..
OGS has to go, Pogba is a fucking show pony, Luke Shaw is not good enough and both center backs are shite. United need a complete reset beginning with the player's, coaching staff all the way to the board.
One problem that is being overlooked is that many of the current 1st team squad are passive types. Introverts can often be low energy therefore need more spirited individuals to balance them out. When we see listless lazy displays from a team like yesterday this is a consideration. As well as talent they need spirited individuals like Roy K etc.
ole knows what player are made for man utd thats why all his signings were succesful but as a tactical coach he not at the top level
You wouldn’t have thought United had a week of, you looked sluggish.
Mark I couldn’t agree with u any more mate 👍🏻
What transfer news
I had respect for mark but now you are insulting people for saying that a new manager should come in, ridiculous, a new manager makes sense because not every manager is the same, poch has more tactical nouse and would be likely to do better with breadcrumbs
Look everyone who supports united know the owners and Woodward are the issue how bad the club is overall. However I disagree with you when you say any top manager would have the same out come as OLe. The fact is that united was never able to attract the modern game top manager because they knew how bad the situation was. On top of that ole has spend 140 million on defenders and 100 plus million on midfielders. That's over 240 million on backing. You want an example of what a top modern manager could do look at liverpool n how much it's manager spend and the thropies that he has won and the time it took him to win them. United is a bigger club in this current time there is no excuses for any couch to run its team as bad as the owners run the club.
If we can not have a centre back, then get Smalling playing at better he is faster than what we have now.
How much longer, do we give Pogba a free pass?.....five years on...what does he do, to influence a game?....we need to cash in, if anybody's stupid enough, to want to buy him!
They say class is permanent, form is temporal. We can moan all we want about lack of pre-season or match sharpness but did you see any flicker of class in those players yesterday? We couldn’t even create one clear cut chance against palace. Fair play to palace for match sharpness but the players we had on the pitch yesterday should be giving more than we got. They were dreadful and no excuse can paper over that.
Most united fans are hypocrites
We will not even get in top four
Bruno took us to 3rd place!! Not Ole
Ole with that everton team would not be playing the way they are now.. come on!!! Its the coaching
I hate the excuses!!!!!!
Mark, I've often disagreed with you but on this occasion you are spot on! The problem is bigger than ole, he is only a part of the issue. Some of our fans just need to get over their pocchetino fascination and stop pushing their agenda on the club
I was not siging that Ole in! At all... i back our team but dont agree with the board..  or the coaching.. its ok to be Ole out and hate the board!
Ole only downfall is to keep rashford in the team as he has been shocking since restart playing Scott and trusting the board to do there jobs
Jones, Rojo, Smalling either one of these are as good if not better than what we already have. Given Smallings performances in Seria A would we not be looking at him now.
Up ancoming manager !!! Bro go out get some fresh air 😂😂
Forget Luke shaw, he's good enough. That first goal should never had happen; if he had tracked back on-time knowing he has no speed.
Just cause you love Ole dosent mean you cant blame him... and the truth is he is not good enough
Everton and better coaching!!
Please god bring CHRIS SMALLING back!!!!!!!!!!
My only question is does scott mctominay lindelof and dan james get into liverpool team so why are they playing for united ohhh my days.
4 Centre backs better than lindelof and all at our club... Bailly, smalling, tuanzebe and even luke shaw
Ole out
I blame the board for hiring Ole from thr begging.. what they expect... from Ole.. Bruno was a bandaid last season... from bad coaching..
I don't think Paul Pogba is over Covid19
Transfers, Transfers, Transfers again!! Boring
No its Ole out .... i will never agree that Ole os good enough to manage this club. We need an elite manager... we havent  had the right manager!!!! We need a proven manager .. ideally a premiier league proven manager.. umm Pochettino..... Ole can manage liverpool and would mis table club
Ole  has no problem I like him the board and glazers are the problem
Don’t compare solskjaer to ancelotti mate the cv’s do not compare!!! Don’t forget how ole got the job molde and then cardiff relegated let’s not forget mate there’s teams with less players than us but their managers have them drilled and a style of play ole should be doing 100x better with or without backing!!!
United board is just using the team level to make business, their focus is  not in the successful achievement for the club. Because of that they are  lack of signing.
Ole isn’t even fit to be Poch’s assistant lmao
Mark bringing in Poch he will bring in is own back room staff which is the problem at united we have second rate manager and coaching staff
Ole out
of all the managers in the world. Why would you not pick the best.
the board not only dragged the moral down with the fans but, with the players and manager as well. team finally had some cohesion after lockdown and good transfers wouldve bought positivity throughout the club. I just don't understand the glazers and Woodward decisions. it's time for them to go!!!! what can we do? we need to come together and organize our fanbase to get our message across! bet most of you would welcome Saudi owners now....
How long do you wait
Would Chelsea wait probably to big a club for oli
Mark this is bullshit, Ole is useless. Manchester's united is not a team to come and learn on the job. Stop beating around the bush. We agree he scored in 1999 but he is no manutd calibre coach. Worst coach in EPL, by far.
My out of the box thought was that Chris smalling would come in and do a job. Ricky had that same thought. After that game it is not out of the box anymore.
Poch for me oli out
How come you don’t respect other people opinions.  It’s kind of disgraceful how you talk about people who watch your videos and have made you successful in this YouTube world.  You have an ego...
Requirement priority for UTD : TIME>Sancho>good cb>Telles
Its gonna get to the point where no known manager will want to manage our club.
Come on Mark the premier last season was poor were the best of a bad bunch
Should United go in for Dele Alli, it doesn't look like Mourinho know's how to utilise him best - in that thomas muller "raumdeuter" role. Could he be the answer to the the low block, which United will face in 75% of games. We just can't break teams down because they don't have enough clever players around the box to create space or take up defenders. Martial is very isolated. Delle Ali would bag 15 goals at united. VDB can play all roles in midfield. I like his tenacity to actually play in the middle though.
Mark is clueless as ole
Have we got to give a couple of months for them to catch up
I remember when someone said the glazers support Liverpool, starting to make sense now
Ole at the wheel. Buy Sancho and a CB. If possible buy backup for LB and CF
I stopped listening when u said ole is an up and coming manager
Ole is simply tactically inept. Looks like a fox stuck in headlights.
Need c palace fitness coach
Oli still making excuses lads no fit enough
The bigger picture ‘the glazers ‘ don’t forget that ! Get them clowns out of the club I love !
All this no pre-season nonsense...Man City is playing tommorow...go watch a team that is well coached
league table   Liverpool man city chelsea arsenal  Tottenham Everton  wolves  MAN UTD   we are done i am done we need to get the glazers out ASAP!!!
Cant even use the we're not in CL so we can't attract players excuse either
Ole has three Semifinals to win a trophy, he mess it because of his poor decisions.
Maguire and Lindoluve should be dropt and the captaincy be given to De Gear. The two central defenders are carrying from where they left off last season they are week.
EXCUSES FC. Guys Let us all Unfollow United from all their social media! Ive done it! Had enough!!
With the number of wingers we have, we need a pure centre forward - Raul Jimenez. Martial, good as he is at times, just doesn't get in the box enough. We can see in the first half against palace, every time the ball gets to the last third of the field, there's no one in the box. How do we score without getting anyone in the box. CBs got to go. Misplaced passes from Lindelof, Maguire and Pogba all second half yesterday.
Are we going to spend the season making excuses for this lot?  The club is poorly managed from boardroom to touchline.
Most big teams had this same issues
Glazers in for the another 20 years lol
Mark, your sympathetic analysis of the state of play with the team, your change of mind since yesterday is to be applauded. There are reasons why the players may be out of sorts, personal reasons, professional reasons, structural reasons. Who was it said, 'tout comprendre c'est tout pardonner'? Having said that, it looks like Ole's a turn-off for some potential signings. Arteta, Lampard, Klopp and co are more of a draw . . .
Some of us fans need to understand united issues are not manager issues. Ole has the culture right and we’re playing good entertaining football. The squad needs balancing. The board is killing this club. Just look at Chelsea to see what ambition to win looks like. Remember we fishing 3rd on the same points as Chelsea. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Anyone who say Ole out don't know football and most importantly don't know Manchester United well
Manchester United like Chelsea should have high expectation for Managers. We all want Ole to succeed because it makes the fans happy. Ole decision making has been pathetic.
Very much agree its the board at fault, ole needs backing. The result at the weekend will hopefully make them give the manager the support he needs.
Rashford isn’t a left winger there I said it
I ask again ok Mark so how many signings will make OLE a proper coach
One thing I don't like about our coach is that he doesn't change the substitute at right time. And the rest is the players doesn't give their best. Winning or losing doesn't matter but our performance was poor.
Maybe he picked Scott mctominay because of what you’re saying, maybe others were fit enough to play?
=( I´m sick to my stomach .. how is this club treated like this? Only short-term plans. The manager is a joke. The board is a joke. The players are a joke. Bring back Sir Ferguson!!
Stop saying All!!! Not ALL of us are saying Ole out!
Smalling and Tuanzabe have to play the next Prem- game just for the fact they have more pace then Maguire and Lindelof who cares if that means 120 million sat on bench every other team now have the blue print how to get at us they just need pace up front there going to put pacey wingers up front against us knowing our centre backs are dog s...t running back. Now breathe 😂
This is all on the Glazers!!
I'm shocked that you think Luke Shaw played badly, he was our standout player yesterday, great first touch, attacked the game in defence and attack. He was the one bright spot in a very poor performance
why are people still saying saudis in theyre not even in for us anymore
Every player was shite yesterday except for shaw who was midly average and donny who instantly was our best midfielder
Is mark still 90% on sancho ?
You play sad looking players like James, Mensah and Mctominay and you deserve to lose.
You talk alot about Focus.  Then lets be focused in our critique.    Fosu-Mensah was one of our better players and James just don't get better than he was yesterday.  So all this talk about our "right-wing" is unfocused.  Shaw & Rashford were even more rubbish, and we need to get more out of those two, much more experienced players, than these two Substitutes, playing a mediocre game by their standards.   There are players that need to step up for the club, and we have never expected that to be TFM or DJ.
we had alot  of miss passes yesterday  what went wrong , i think we need serious player and aleader in that coz maguire is no leader(captain)
7:06 Angel Gomes? Lol! I think you mean Andre Gomes..
Opinion: The Glazers are businessmen NOT football directors and football lovers.  Their business plan is short term and NOT SUSTAINABLE.  The plan relies on profit from CURRENT world popularity and merchandising plus Championship qualification, which are all linked. Minimum investment, declining results, no silverware  will lead to contracting markets, reduction in profits and reduction in the value of the club. At this point, the club will change for the better. Personally I blame the people who SOLD the best club in the world to the WORST owners in the world.
Your answer to the Everton point you made, is the coaching and yes the support of new players but it all comes down to ole not being the right man, sorry mark
Why is Shaw telling us what we already know, dude just keep fit and play your heart out jeez these players
Wasn't ole's tactics, it was just lindelof. Cost us for every goal.
Mark wants to give Ole 400M pounds because he is in the same league as Klopp and Guardiola.
Way to much negativity 😪
The glazers  and board need to go
100% Bang on.  Glazer out
Man United's biggest failure in the transfer market this summer, was failing to clear the deadwood from the club. Lingard, Smalling, Jones, Pereira and Mata, should all have been sold to raise funds. Even selling three of them would have helped bridge the gap between Dortmund's asking price and Man United's offer for Sancho.
Smalling should be in the team, i don't care what anyone says
The owners do not know how to run a football club. Fro 2005 to 2013 they had Ferguson and Gill to run the club for them. Since then it’s been awful! The best thing would be a mid table finish, a sharp decline in the clubs value followed hopefully by the clubs sale to those who know what they’re doing!🤬
Ole out!
Isn't bailly better than lindelof?
If "All or Nothing" showed us anything, it was that a manager's role is far more than simply selecting a starting XI. For that reason, Ole is not qualified in my opinion. It's not his fault, but whoever the powers are that selected him in the first place. If you want to be world class, you need world class management top to bottom along with world class players, along with a world class system of play and identity. Without all three pillars being world class, you're dead in the water. As we've seen with Man City and PSG last season, you can't buy trophies anymore.
deadwood woodward out !!!!!!!!
ole in !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!       glazers out !!!!!!!!!you bunch a crack heads
Loool PE teacher
Mark finding every excuse to support ole what a prat. Losing with better squad is entirely on the coach
Woi Hodgson outclassed Wolly Twice!
Yes, Olè needs support from the board but he’s tactically inept. He just gets out coached week in and week out. I’m not watching this team again this season until Olè is removed or he signs better players. Olè can only succeed when he has better players than his opponents. Remove Olè & replace him with a real coach or bring in some elite talent to help this club.
Brighton is winning 3-0 against Newcastle...I doubt we will win the next match against them !!!
Excuses..Excuses
U are defending ole as if he is in the same tier as klopp.
Ole needs to be harsh...you perform you play the next match and if you don't I would rather play a 20 year old than you !!!!
Why David Beckham is not buying our club.... We will not have issues like this 🤗
I beg Dan James doesn’t go to Leeds or I’ve wasted €80 on a jersey 😂
Up and coming manager 😂  ,  The guys been coaching nearly 12 years,  and got Cardiff relegated, that ain't up and coming to me,  😂 😂
Really pochettino won anything with a squad better than our last one ?
They are busy signing we are busy monitoring
Stop being ridiculous, Goldbridge. It was not down to fatigue. The Glazers have there faults but truth is, Ole's not good enough. He's learning on arguably the biggest job in club football and we now must stop excusing his tactical ineptitude and inexperience.
Just came to mind. Do you reckon ole played mctominay, because he played the two games for Scotland and had thought he had adjusted.
I'm really getting pissed off with Man U, the cold harsh fact Man U will never b as it was before
Ole has been at the wheel since he became manager.
Mark I think you are so confused when it comes to Ole.. You are saying our preparation was bad and our squad wasn't prepared ? Who is that on ? The MANAGER and the COACHING STAFF. Even if we would have bought 10 players , our preparation would have been crap and we would have still lost !
Get the fucking glazers out...
Mourihno won us trophies
Yes the board did not back him but with the players we have and the quality we have we should beat Palace comfortably at home
Poor management by ole. If man utd would have been given to a better manager  it would have been different . Just have a look at what bielsa did with leeds. The two games they had was just amazing. A team with a good manager and players that are way cheaper than we have
Dont you deluded manc fans see its all about Ole Gunnar Baggins? He will never be top quality coach, its not in his dna!
Solskjaer being thrown under bus so they can get pochettino in, mark my words!!!
everton has a better manager
Spot on mark
Ole isn't blameless for this result. We shouldn't need to spend 150M to beat Palace at home. Woy has had Oles pants down with his tactics, united can't tactically deal with the two banks of 4 defending in their own box, they don't have the plays to break these teams down and create good chances.
excuses already!!!
I agree we should put Bailey in, anybody but Lindeloft.  I think we are waiting for Twansebee on the assumption his foot is okay and injury problems are behind him.  There is also the young central defender. So I think they think they have replacements who will be available in a couple of weeks.
We didn't play well because  tactical we were trash ole out porch in
PE teacher out now.
new owners or nothing will change
To be fair to those who want Pocch in....he has proven over the last 5 seasons that he can get the best out of a side with minimal financial backing...which would work with the Glazers ownership
Cato should read centre forward.
100% Agree, on the Glazer's path of success.
All knows mourinho was one of the best manager in football, and he was not backed, and we saw how we played after,  I can't understand why people still says Ole out 😬
These teams play blanket defence we can not break them down with slow build up tight passes. So we need a big Cato at least upset their set up
Pochettino got sacked bc spurs didn’t back him
Why not try Tuanzebe at center back????
Wrong again Mr goldbridge Arteta and Lampard are up and coming managers oles been managing for 10+ years now
OGS could well be the worst manager in the Premier league. There is a group of talented players at United who have shown no sign of development or gelling as a team. This club Is flatlining ...we have given shock after shock to this failing heart...this club is finished...RIP
During Moyes's time at United it got so bad at the club at one point that i actually stopped watching games and its getting close to that point again, i feel sorry for Ole and the coaching staff sorry for backroom staff but most of all for the fans, its simply not right and it has change.
Sharp players or not, Bruno ran and ran.. attacking to defence. Bruno gave everything. I never saw Pogba or the Forwards track back to help. Bruno and Donny were the best players yesterday. These two have been at Man United for less than a year. It's all about player mentality.
Ole bought  Maguire 83Mil Bissaka 50Mil Bruno 60Mil...
So when you take into context about everton shouldnt you consider Also Ancelotti is a better manager and good at tactics!??
We need new owners that back the manager but I also think we need a new manager.. I don’t hate ole but I just don’t think he’s good enough
Let’s be honest though Ole has never shone tactically, his coaching team is poor, the pre season prep was naive and Oles team selection is poor. Clearly the problem is the board but somebody better than Ole can shore us up further up the table. You can’t say people who disagree with you don’t understand or are idiots. You are being overly simplistic
Fed up with all Man Utd 🤬🤬🤬🍺
Tuanzebe needs to start playing. Ole is a fraud though
You're right gold bridge
Does anyone think rashford needs to be dropped for a couple of games, due to his drop off in level? Also I don't think pogba should have started yesterday due to him having covid, so was prob not match fit.
I don’t want ole out, I think he has a plan and a direction he wants to take the club. The board are shy on spending cash after the likes of di maria and Sanchez. A center back is more important I mean how many goals is linderlof gonna be at fault for. On the plus side de gea was ok and de beek looked a proper player.
United will be LUCKY to have 6 points after first week of NOVEMBER. Check the schedule. We are fucked mate. Everyone in the league got better and we pissed ourselves.
if ole is a great manager then if ole got sacked which big club will hire him as a manager ?? i'm not saying ole out, but he won't be on the same level as nagelsmann and pochettino.  if this is nagelsmann klopp pochettino people will stick with them 100%, why ? because we knew their track record on their previous jobs. he got 3rd position because of penalties and 66 pts similar to mourinho but he ended in 6th position with the same points ( nothing really improved )  i know the glazers is the problem, but i won't say ole in either and if nagelsmann or pochettino wants to come to united i prefer take them than ole but of course GLAZERS OUT.
Before the game the sky sports presenter was making it sound like palace were up against Bayern, i said before the game united are the ones who should be worried and it was clearly the case. If City had signed harry they would be looking to replace him this window.
can we ALL scream Together : Glaser's OUT
Ole needs a little bit of the blame
I watched the Liverpool documentary about them wining the title after 30 years (please don’t hate me I was weak😅) but it amazed me how they came together to get rid of Hicks and Gillette and it still puzzles me why United fans can’t do the same to get rid of the Glazers
How can these players not be ready? Do they not have training plans?
Stop making excuses for Ole, Any good manager would beat Palace with that United team. Poch and Klopp would. No excuses.
The top 7 teams have all made better transfers than Man Utd this season, yet United have the fattest lined gold pockets. Why did we fight so hard to make champions league if we are not going to attract any talent who requires champions league.....I’m not spending another shilling until Woodward and Glazers are gone
Negativity breeds Stupidity.
Ole f$&king out
We need back-up CDM Ibrahim Sangare fromToulouse and Left footed CB Moussa Niakhate from Mainz
This Sancho deal is so close 😂😂😂
Buy players but change manager!
Lindelof following his idol’s footsteps Phil Jones
You guys are finally realizing mourihno wasn’t the problem it’s the glazers
I never felt more like singing the blues...................oh CITY you got me singing the blues.
Love ole as manager but to say poch wouldn't do better is a lie he could get more an do much better an thats an honest opinion ole in
Fred is worse a DM than Mctominay, where is Matic
So many issues at united BUT Ole is not the right man.
Excuse
Let's face it Sancho isn't coming. After Telles (if it happens for him to come) there will be no quest for winger or a fullback anymore. Our team will be focused on the Champion's League this season, because it is not going to be as strong as the Premier League will be. The board  will force the manager to have his squad focused on those few crucial games in the elimination phase of the CL when we will be actually facing strong teams. On the other had, in the Premier League (which to all of us is far more important) we will be Liverpool in the 90's or the first decade of the 2000's.
EVERY TIME I watch man Utd maguire basically plays CAM yet has no pace and gives the ball away
Have to laugh at this talk of "prressure to get the glazers out". Do you have any idea how business works? The club is giant investment for which they are majority shareholders. They continuously  make profit off this investment due to the strength of the united brand. The Glazers couldn't give a toss about what fans, media or anyone thinks. They are not going to budge and why would they from a business standpoint.
You're looking for excuses Mark I'm sorry
Sack OLE  sack Woodward  Sack Glazers  Sick of them and their excuses
Got to admit we were out played.
Ole out!
Palace have played 7 games
He has lost the plot. Flex please take over.
Sell maguire and lindelof keep smalling and get pau torres or zagadou
Team selection was Ole fault. Let’s stop talking about signings when he is in change we signed Maguire. Plays dan James and doesn’t give any directions during the game. Poor management and some poor defenders and players
Did we ever say sir Alex out when we lost a game...
Ole IN
How i am feeling? Feel like ive gone to my wedding and been dumped. I didnt expect that crap in a million years, i dont think fosu mensah and shaw were that terrible but not up to standard required, the rest...my god what shite. How many times over the years do we hear lindelof wasnt strong enough? How many times did maguire give the ball away casually without a care in the world, is it just me or does anyone else notice how much lack of urgency they have with attackers on the ball in and around the area...they always seem to be watching them play to try and react instead of being proactive. Rashford on the left at the moment is like having anyother human being in that position, by that i mean what is the difference in having him.there getting the ball instantly looking back or sideways or having a matic/mctominay or any other footballer with no pace or skill there. Any player can do what rashford is doing, running a bit getting the ball and passing it backwards for someone else to do.something with it. Dan james scored goals from outside the area he now looks like hes kicking a bowling ball whenever trying to shoot or cross, i was saying yesterday, everyone looked like they were waiting for martial to do something special.
As a American I’m disgusted by the way the glazed and Woodward have acted but can’t be surprised. Even if there not American, they’d till shouldn’t be doing this. I back ole , Glazers out
OLE OUT
pochettino is the answer
Mark, no excuses please
Roy Keane as manger?
The owner n board is a problem for sure....but we cant deny that Ole n staffs are  not exactly improving the team's performance as well.
The players aren't properly coach ole is over his head
I don’t know when it became okay for a YouTuber to call their viewers idiots for having an opinion, then he tries to encourage us to give opinion because the channel opinionated but you’ve become so disrespectful
What about starting a new channel/magazine or whatever - and get people to join. This would bring people who feel the same from ALL different communities and supporter groups together and then we can gain traction and move to get the Glazers out from there.
Shaw could play CB
Your saying they weren't prepared they on 100s thousands a week should be fucking ready overpaid typical footballers!!
Why does it seem fosu mensah has been written off already
Luke shaw threw the manager, coaching staff and the board under the buss
Luke Shaw calling for new players, cause he´s worried he might lose his best friend: beer gut, if he has to play every week.
The club is in trouble from the top down. Easy to blame Ole for everything. Managers are scapegoats
Is there any other way of sending in our clips? My video is too large to be sent over by email
Mark you fraud 😂
Can protest all we want but seriously  is it actually possible to get these weapons running the club out? We just can't can we. Makes me ill to the bone seeing this club getting rinsed good and true.
The difference between Everton and Utd is they have a manager who has won everything worth winning. There is no excuses for that performance.  Solskjaer is out of his depth. The only agenda I have is for Utd to start winning again. Fergie won titles with teams worse than this.
Tbh Scott played center half better than the center half’s he needs to seriously work on his fwd passing and creativity still in this day and age even when you’re dm u still need to create and score
Why must the manager been sack now now the problem is the broad  and the owner that must live
Well we had jose one of the best..also flopped because of the board..u lot expecting us to win against ccrystal palace with this kind of board never in hell players will have constant motivation
Deffensive we were poor we lacked every position , we haven't had enough preseason preparations ,we need 4 more new players in left footed center half,left back , right winger,and a gun man without that we are going to finish 10
You have Luke Shaw and Ole saying we need more players, can’t wait for the glazers to say “If you need more players, why did you sell Alexis Sanchez?”
Here Is the thing. We had a poor team selection that is true. However the players are finely tuned athletes. And  not one showed up yesterday. Not one. Macgure as a captain is not going to work. Lindelof should not play again for  awhile.  Football is football. These players have played football their whole lives. We could have played kick and run and that would have been better than playing backwards and sideways all game. The players need to take some ownership of their own performances.
I agree mark!!! Get them leeches out asafp!!!!!!!!!!
This is quite possibly your best video. Spot fucking on !!!!!
Mark Sorry but Maguire looks like he is in a coma when he is playing and you don’t want to know what I think of lindelof
If man utd play the way they played against palace liverpool man city Chelsea will RIP you apart
How do we get Glazer out? They are the owners of Man United?
We get that it won't change if the manager is sacked regarding the board, but if the manager isn't good enough he's not good enough, simple, the board won't be changing so we are supposed to stick with Ole no matter how shite he's doing
WE NEED A MOURINHO MENTALITY! A GUY THAT IS SO SELFISH THAT WILL POKE THE EYES OF EVERYBODY TO GET WHAT HE WANTS.  THE PROBLEM WITH  OLE IS THAT HE IS A COWARD AND WILL NOT SELL IS DREAM FOR THE BETTER GOOD!
Donny  and Greenwood should of started  that's down to olly
Klopp doesn't need 400m you blurt, he's a great coach not a check book manager.
They need to put rashy on the right because every team shuts him down and can predict what he’s going to do
Remember guys this is our first league loss since January. The feeling around Man Utd is completely justified but let’s not overreact too much
Buy buy buy grealish Sancho Upamecano. Nein 8 place
The Glazers are going nowhere and we all know it. Ole isn’t good enough to be in the job so he shouldn’t have it.
Your my therapy
This guys thick no team had pre season games mate stop making excuses coz u have a pe teacher as a manger
think with the prep we had before the season started we will loose more games early on if we dont sign someone players and uplift the morale of the squad like a sancho who is fit and ready to go as soon as we sign him.
I can see why the board is saying no new CB right now. They can say, we spent an enormous amount on Harry, and you have like 5  others to choose from
The Glazers and Woodward will go down in history as the most hated men associated with Man Utd Football Club and that hatred runs deep.i hope Woodward sees this.
Players we have that don't play for us but we can't sell Jones Rojo Pereira lindelof Mata lingard. 6 dead wood players on a 20 man squad.  Players not good enough Dan James lindelof fosu mensah.  Way too many sub par players.
United's players , fans and coaching staff can relax after yesterday's debacle. We just need to calm down, settle then beat everyone. We will do it in PES2020!
You can blame the board for almost everything and we should, but you can’t blame the board on player management and choosing players for the starting lineups. Mctominay should not play and that’s on ole. The difference between the peps and klopps would be they wouldn’t make these kinds of decisions. They simply know the game better and have more experience in choosing players for positions. The difference between ole and them are experience and personally i think it would make some difference. Maybe i’m wrong, i don’t know, but i agree that change needs to be made with the board and it’s getting ridiculous at this point
VDB stated though that 'the players just werent good enough'. It's not up to Olly how the players decide to act and play on the pitch. If the players choose not to put full effort into the game, that's on the players and if VDB is the guy to slate them for the performance being one of them, then i believe he should. Disgraceful performance and the players need to understand that through and through!
Everyone knows the Glazer's are the main problem, if we're 6 games in with 3 points bottom of the league, you'll be saying Ole out as well, which is possible with the fixture list.
Ole should be backed  glazers should be gone and so should ed the twat Woodward
Not prepared, tired legs... Ole out by Xmas??...
Your all saying players not good enough when for one some of them now getting played and played with better players to have a balance. Our manager , fitness and medical staff are very incompetent and needs to go as well as board and owners and that’s a fact. Everton have a proper coach don’t forget a manager who adopts unlike ole who stick 4/2/3/1 even when he don’t have the players for curtain role. Jose just switch to 4-3-3 and got a better response from Spurs why our coach reluctant to switch to a formation to fit the squad
This is the same guy that said Manchester United would have an advantage starting a week later, due to the team's Europa League campaign
Glazers Wash Rinse Repeat .....Board out!!!
It's bad guys  ED Woodward was alone  at  a grand stand  I wonder what was in his mind  because the tells it all
Actually, I never wanted ole to get hired. I was happy like everyone else, but I felt we should ride the wave for the rest of the season then get Poch over the summer
If we protect the manager we should also protect the players because they are not at fault is the coaching staff
That game has nothing’s to do with the transfer market.
Ole can be inept but the bigger problem is the recruitment and transfers team. United are always held to ransom and have to spend extra 10-20 mn extra for every player. No doubt Ole has been backed but the players that we have spent 230 mn getting would have been purchased for around 150-170 mn if our recruitment team was competent like other clubs.
New aftv
If u are ole out you don’t see the bigger picture and ur a moron who doesn’t really support ur club
That's true Mark
Are we forgetting that ole picked that team. We knew it wasn’t the best but he couldn’t see that. One is to blame for that game. Not saying ole out but he needs to take responsibility for it. And he didn’t!
Still waiting for Englishman Sancho? Get your fucking mind made up, United needs defenders and not any overrated English player. Those English Players are nowhere near where you hype them.
#glazersout
Totally agree the Glazer's are selling ole short with signings but that team should be winning that game no matter what, Ole is responsible for team selection and motivation which isn't good enough, Ole has spent 200/250 million
Oles signings: Maguire £80 mil  Wan Bissaka £50 mil  Dan James £15/20 mil Bruno Fernandez £60 mil VDB £40 mil  He has been backed but he all he done was give us a good run in the prem.  Mourinho signings: Bailly £30mil Mkhi £27mil Pogba £89mil Lukaku £75mil Lindelof £31mil Matic £40mil D Dalot £19mil Fred £52mil Ibra Free Sanchez free  To say these managers haven’t been backed is a joke.
People forget Ole Loves this Club
I'm 100% behind Goldbridge we are stuck with owners who don't care about Manchester united we need them out NOW 🟢🟡
I think we need to listen to what kg said n try to unite as a group. I’m giving this banter club until October 5 if there is not at least 3 more signings 1 of which need to be Sancho I’m unfollowing united on all social media platforms, deleting there app and not buying my season shirt this year. I am seriously beginning to think this is the only way we will get noticed by this board!
He deserves criticism like everyone else stop protecting him because if he wins the next 10 it’s all ole but when he gets owned we blame the board smh. We all like ole but his not good enough
Ole spend  230M he is not good enough
How the hell are people turning on Ole? He is trying to do the best he can with the players he has. Ole knows the players he wanted to sign, Blame the Glazers, blame Woodward for not going out and getting them. No Sancho? No Reguilon? No Upamecano? So its Ole's fault we have no signed these is it???
Ole is the weakest manager in the league, by far. He gets sacked from Manchester United and he isn't going to even end up in a Championship job. Facts. It's obvious from the outside looking in as a rival fan that the board is/has destroyed United, but i'm sorry, the manager is shit.
Blokes been saying sancho coming for ages and he ain’t gonna come
United have a way bigger problem than we think..unless we are capable of doing exactly what Chelsea did in the market no coach will be able to help us...Arteta or Lampard they are not better than Ole but they are backed...DJ can not n could not start in any EPL team not even Fulham...our front 3 r definitely squad players martial could never start at liverpool City or Chelsea I doubt arsenal also..Rashford is a top 10 team player but not top 4...so LB, CB and a front 3 United need 5 players
End of the day Ole won’t take us to a Premier League Title or a Champions League. Tactically poor and would arguably not manage another Premier League side.
I think too say we won’t do anything after only one game is very premature. If we don’t sign at least Sancho and a left back and maybe a centre back, then we won’t do anything. I won’t be told that I am saying things that I am not saying. I am a knowledgeable United fan and football fan overall. The buck stops with the board and the owners not doing the business we needed doing in time for the new season, they have left Solskjaer high and dry, the only way we will Improve is if he is backed otherwise we will stay where we are. My issue with Solskjaer is he has his favourites who he sticks by no matter what who are either playing out of position or even in position there still inconsistent, at times he’s too soft on players and says the same shite every post match interview, but to some up, for the moment I’m Ole in\Glazers out.
OLE'S NOT THE PROBLEM,  GLAZER'S/WOODENHEAD OUT THEY ARE THE ONLY PROBLEM,
It’s not that hard, they just need to appoint a sporting director
I THINK your absolutely spot on...Agree with you 100% All on the board....
Why didn’t ole play van de beek in midfield if are midfield is tired then? Ole is not good enough are coaching staff is not elite and are owners are not football people either no wonder utd are failing simply as that 👍🏻
If we turn on Ole are we not just showing the Glazers and the world that we have no loyalty as fans and we will turn on anyone? If Ole isn't the right manager it is still their fault for appointing him. Good owners, execs etc would appoint better staff, it all needs to be directed at the top imo. Shouldn't be our job to tell them the right people for the jobs.
How Mark uses Hypocrite word? When Mourinho moaned about players signing, he blamed Mourinho saying squad is good enough. When Ole does not get his players, it is the board. We all know and want Glazers out. But admit it, Ole also needs to take the blame. Yes, Klopp won't win with this squad. But he takes the club to a certain direction.
We've spent all are budget this summer and the Tampa bay Buccaneers used most of it (cunts)
28:00 get your voices heard
Mark you're a prophet. You have been saying this for weeks and it happened yesterday we're in a match 1-2 down and desperately need a goal a sub happens and ighalo comes on... That's when I knew we had lost
Brighton will be a very tough game  They are miles better than palace and Brighton played Chelsea off the park. We will lose that game if we don't get Sancho and others
Am not good 😐 😕 😪
Ole getting the sack
I wanted ole to keep hold of the helm until poch became available. But the board aint gonna give what a manager needs. Exactly why poch left Tottenham no money to back him after 2 years without a single signing, but reaching champs final against a well backed liverpool
Can we use dropbox for our links??
Done my opinion video on United and sent it👍🏻
Lindelolf and Rashford are pure shit.
We changed managers, we changed players, the only thing that didn’t change was the board. So changing the same parameters, will only lead to the same results.
A very risky thing to do but in my opinion this is Ole saying look this is what I have when needing to rest players and there just not good enough 🟢🟡
It helps that Everton actually have a decent coach who is proven at the top level, Pochettino would get the best out of United’s squad
Bit unfair to say you're either Ole out or Glazers out. If you want what's best for the club you obviously want both out as both are not good enough to take our club forward. Been Glazers out for years and never wanted Ole to get the job full time as he couldn't even manage Cardiff, use the Sarr and Sancho comparison with our managers, why is it acceptable to settle for Sarr (Ole) who got relegated from the prem when we could get Sancho (Poch) someone who has potential to be the best in the world. Best solution is both the board and Ole go and we have a total reform at the club.
Mate I just feel like crying no matter what we say, we won't be heard, we can complain but what is that going to do I'm so frustrated wtf
My family are lifetime man united fans and they don’t even celebrate when we win or score a goal anymore, the glazers aren’t just ruining the club they are ruining the realistic ships of the fans
Leeds will hammer us brutally
if you back a world class manager & have a structure behind you e.g. (sporting director, world class recruitment team) you move forward. Problem is there's no structure or world class manager at the club.
The Board Sent The team into battle with guns without any bullets
Ole played Mctominay then Fred should be beside him they work out well. I wouldn't mind seeing Mengi or Tanuzabe.
I’m part of the red army but I 1 million percent respect this channel it shows what we all want imo
Ole isn't the problem..... Those board oligarchs and fucking Ed woodward are the problem
Glazer's unfortunately never spend a lot in summers where we qualify for UCL. I think the transfer output is halved in summers we have qualified as opposed to not.
mark keeps going on about how Ole needs to be backed LOOK AT ARTETA guy hasn’t even spend over 100 million euros on players and look what he’s doing it’s about style of play Leagues are won and lost with managers who have brilliant tactics not these brave heart coaches like Ole
I said my bold prediction of the year was Ole would get sacked and look how we’re starting off...
I completely agree with most you guys here. Ole is a legend of our club but as a player. I have always believed he was good for us after Jose was sacked but we should have replaced him with a top class manager with tactical knowledge and coaching abilities. This man is out of his depth and got the job only cause he was an ex player. That is not good enough for a club of our stature. I don't think Ole is even coaching our players especially with positional play and game management. We have no identity in terms of playing style or method. Its just give the ball to a Pogba or Bruno or martial and hope they can make something happen. I think that's his philosophy and tactics.    With the players we have, we should be winning against all the teams in the league except maybe Liverpool, City or Chelsea. Just give this set of players to Poch, Nuno or even Bielsa and they will unlock the full potential of these players. They will actually coach the players and come up tactics on how to play to the strengths of these players and low block defensive sides. I am not saying that Ole is the only one for blame even though he's tactically inept, everybody have to share the blame especially our board and the owners for not backing Ole or any manager post SAF. But in hindsight Ole has been given more than 200 mil since last season for players of his liking and I honestly believe even a Sancho or a top quality midfielder and forward wouldn't have won us this game today because they wouldn't have been clueless just like the manager when they see 2 banks of 4 in front of them. Maybe a top quality CB would've prevented the goal but that would've been cos of his individual brilliance rather than a good defensive system. As united fans we should hope for the best but expect the worst. GGMU.
The biggest being Ole in charge - if he was sacked tomorrow not 1 single premiership club would hire him. fans are blinded by their loyalty and regardless of what the owners are doing Ole's tactical and coaching abilities are non existent. Bruno came in and masked his deficiency's otherwise we were on course for our lowest ever points total and not reaching the 60 point mark. Yes the squad needs improving but we have the players to be comfortably beating Palace if squad selection, tactics and coaching is done to a standard. With Ole in charge we will finish below Spurs this season. Growing up in the 90's i love Ole but he is not capable of managing at even championship level never mind Man United!
We dont have a style of play  or  quality in the squad dan James  mcsauce  lindleof  just not good enough and rashford just needs to retire and become a politician he looks like he has lost all interest in playing
Ole hasn’t been backed by the board, that is 100% correct. However, what was any different about yesterday? Were we really thinking Ole had the tactics to get past Crystal Palace’s two banks of four? Even putting aside the fact that the manager hasn’t been backed, a good manager would have had the tactics to get past Palace’s defence with the players we had. They had Kouyate as a makeshift centre back for goodness sake.
i think it's great that Ole is as passionate as us fans. imagine a fan managing your own club. A passionate manager is good, but i have doubts on his tactical approach
remove ed woodward, sell back man u to others... glazer pls out... u are not the right man for the club.... u guys bullshitting the club... with stupid sports director.... stupid buying, stupid survey, stupid decision...
This mark guy Is deluded man arteta Is doing bits with one of the worst teams in the league let's call spade a spade ole is just useless and tactically sh**t
unsubscribed from mutv and removed official channels from my socials, i suggest u all do the same. #glazersout
Let's be honest there is no clear vision on how united play ...#oleout
COULD NOT AGREE MORE 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Most transparent title for a United Stand video
You can't say Ole got it wrong and not want him out.. you can't say we have favouritism in team selection and not want Ole out. You can't say you don't why player X is starting /playing and not want Ole out..... we looked clueless etc etc  and not want Ole out........ Mark your part of the problem too....... It's going to be very hard in/post pandimic to get someone to commit to paying off the Glazers.... Best is to get a proper dir of football to direct strategy. and back a new manager to change the team philosophy and approach... Etc etc. Buy players for genuine purpose.... Everton = bring in Quality manager with a plan of play: backed in buying the right players...
wasted game, no mood, no accuracy passing, no tactical, no focus, pls remove them.. better play peirera, fred, van der beek, pogba, henderson, baily, ighalo... no use on james... no penatration
A character like Roy Keane is seriously mandatory at the club. For the team, for the management, for the Board. We need personality that is straightforward and fierce. Not sure which position he can be in maybe DOF, or Technical Director. The club is lacking personality and champion mentality. We have signed transfer record worthy superstar players in recent times. And with the quality we still have, I dont see any direction and passion and biggest thing confidence. Especially Pogba and Rashford. Every opposition, every pundit has never doubted their skills and ability. But on the pitch I have never seen a game where Pogba has dominated the midfield. Paying 350k for 6 haircuts and one nutmeg in a month. I'm sorry if anyone pays around 80-90 mil , let him go.
how much longer do we have to put up with these Inept prats Killing our great Club
Who decided maguire was worth 80 million.
Klopp would win the league with this team, easily
Ole can get it done if he is backed. Yesterday showed the players weren’t ready, fitness, mentally, and some just quality in general; we don’t have the depth to cover those that go out on international duty and give them a change to resettle. When Ole has a fit team and can play how he wants they are contending but when they get tired due to no rest when the bench should play against the lesser teams Ole can’t do that  when he try’s to do that he then has to bring the starters back on to try and win. He can win, but not with the backing he has from the owners. I keep saying the owners just rinse and repeat, and the agenda crew only continues to give the owners the out by supporting manager out, it’s called chaos doing the same thing over and over expecting a change.
Why are we talking about transfers ? I don’t think sancho would have changed the outcome of the game the fact that we played James Scot and Fosu is stupid from ole
Wait till  Tottenham  to come  and ole will  be sacked by the board .mr Woodward  watching the  game  and thinking  shit more cheques  to  be cleared  for  transfer  n glzzers say don't have the money.
Have we noticed that look Shaw only does low flat square crosses? Why does he never whip some in at height?
please buy cb like ferdinand, vidic..not like now. lazy, no voice, shaw lazy.... where there are... dont know where they position is....
Ole don't know how to make changes and it's like hes afraid to take off Rashford and Martial even when they are play shit
Pep has walked in to ready made squads. Klop has shown real quality. Ole can manage and understands Man U, the board don’t care. Man U is purely a business.
There’s no excuses for ole he made a bad team selection he started James , mctomany , fosu mensah , how is this good manger ... my 11 year old brother has told and named me the team he would of played this is it ,   Henderson  Wan bisaka  Bailly  Maguire  Shaw   Van de beek  Pogba  Bruno Fernandez   Greenwood  Martial  Rashford   He also stated team morale is important !!! Remember people he is 11 years old and u think ole is the man to take Manchester United the best club in the world forward we will never change and also woodword and glazers own Man Utd it’s pointless going for there neck
BAYERN won 8 - 0 with less preparation. EXCUSES! The manager is not enough.   What does he see in James and Mensah? Fullbacks playing as wingers when you have slow CBs? How come Fred didn't play? McTominay?
TRUTH.........THE RESULT IS THE BEST THING THAT COULD'VE HAPPENED.
I'd like solskjaer to replace his back room staff with some world class coaches and world class assistant manager to help him out. I agree with mark on keeping the focus on the glazers 100%, however the team selections and tactics played are terrible.
Reading UTD match or having to read the stories stress me out   I can’t count the number of time I have refreshed my twitter just to see something to jump at🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
why first game to have lideloft, rashford, mctominay, shaw. this is not right.... man u suppose know already who can play, who cant play... whoever dont want to play or no heart just remove from first team... van der beek should play early.... henderson should play....
The problem with this team is Harry is too damn slow!  80 million for a player that you measure his 40 yard dash with a calendar.  I was in an uproar when we signed him but so many liked the signing because he’s English.  It was a stupid signing, for WAY too much money, & we’re paying the consequences.
All the channels should get together and organise a Glazers Out day. Just for ONE day, all diagreements and bickering is put aside, no talk of Ole out or players, simply everyone doing content based on getting the Glazers out, everyone hits social media together, generate media interest and so on.
Glazers giving everyone a Frustration and Depression
Both Macguire and Lindelof are often slow by seconds to intercept crosses. At least, Bailly is much faster and willing to lunge for the ball.
Agenda or not, Ole and hes little coach team are not good enough.. We should get poch before he is available or else welcole big Sam
Lol criticize the fact that James, McTominay and fosu mensah is playing but we cant blame ole - it obviously wasnt his decision to bench greenwood, van de beek and wan bissaka. you get more deluded and stupid by day
Poch would have  been fired too.
for F sake, Mark open your eyes and see that our manager is really tactically inept🤷🏾‍♂️
I disagree with you. We should come out of the blocks firing and yes Ole needs to take responsibility. Why start fosu mensu, Dan James and mctominay. He chose that team. Where's matic, come on
Pobga looked rusty yesterday as did  our entire team including Bruno.
I want to try for fan cam but im under 18 :( i think i know much about man u though
lindeloft, rashford, shaw, maguire all like kids. dont know what to do... no captain inside team, no communication... play like shitt...
Manu should have won this game with or without new signings.
Have you actually heard yourselves. We beat Chelsea first game of tue season last season and we lost to palace last season and finished 3rd just. Point is, while criticism of the board is valid, ruling out a whole season off of one game is simply nonsensical. Wait and see where we are at after 10 games. With hopefully new signings.   Mark you need to chill out a bit
We need to sell the dead wood first.
O l e O U T !!
Why can't we be glazers and ole out? As if having an opinion one way or another is actually going to change anything anyway. If they see us backing ole even when they don't, they will be happy with that.
The Board and the Glazier's  are the problem first.
Ole is so out of his depth. Got very lucky fernandes single handedly got us top 4. Before him we were dire and if he doesn't perform, we are usually dog turd. Like ole as a person and an old player. He cares for the club but he wouldn't get near a job with any top 6 team in any league with the exception of Norway. Glazers fuck off, Need Van Der Sar as D of F then someone qualified to manage us like pochetino
3 assists from Angel Gomes on his debut, hope we don't regret letting him go.
Simple answer to your question about why Everton improved so much....COACHING.Keep making excuses for clueless Ole.YOU and the other sympathizers are why the Glazers and Woodward  will KEEP doing what the are to United.
If we were all oles at the wheel than we should all be glazers out
No way a board would turn down a KLOPP or PEP or FERGIE’s request for a player   I doubt they believe in him.  You heard even VDB saying the play was too slow...  He has a standard
I might have to just walk away from football for a while because this is all breaking my heart. 😔
We were too happy to see ole at the  wheel Mark.
Guys did you see the match of porto vs braga ? alex telles was a monster with 2 goals and 1 assist !!! First game of the season
Agree.. Everyone was saying give Ole the Job... Especially in Liverpool... lol
The Problem is too high expectation . People don't realize Man U is a very average team . Teams have to play on the field not on paper. Buying of players only pep up the cracks not improve it. The real issue is selling big name dead wood players before you get the others in. As long as the dead wood players still around, they destroy the dressing room and poison other players. Players power is real, they put the Manager under the bus if they are not getting what they want. The Manager must be strong and experienced not Ole, who can't get the attention and control the players. There is a real difference between a rookie and a world class Manager, who can control and the players' attention.
What is Ole paying Mark...  He should speak to the fact. He doesn’t change a thing because it’s freestyle as Saeed always say
We could have uses a player like allen and James Rodriguez
Glazers make too much money without spending money so why would they
EXCUSES EXCUSES THAT'S ALL I'M HEARING
Ole got his tactics and team selection wrong yesterday. But the lack of investment is showing.. #GlazersOut
Ole out out out!
I disagree with you. These players are professional and should be able to perform.  Secondly we have to get rid of dead wood and lindelof, Maguire. They are useless central defenders.  James must be sent on loan. Ole as a coach for man united is not on as a coach as he does not now hos player's and starting 11 and he needs to wake up.
While the board has proven to be rotten, Ole is responsible for the  players and the football and yesterday both were lacking a philosophy to follow and identity. His shortcomings as a coach are going to expose United, along with that board of criminals.
Lack of investment at United is the problem.
I don't care Saudis or anyone else with money in
Let’s play Tuanzebe
Sack Ole get Poch in!!
They need a break
Why we didn't pick AWB? Is he injured?
Man ole getting easy money  💰💰💰💰 💰 and he does not give a fuck😂😂😂😋
Would it change if they get relegated? Force them to sell.
I think we need a guy like Ancelotti. If this guy gets Everton i don't know
Spurs are on fire,they will rape us
Pogba hasn't played well in his past 3 or 4 games
Ole fault for losing the game his fault regardless of transfers
The Glazier's need to invest  millions to improve our squad.
To be honest, I feel for James every time he steps on the pitch. He is not better than Zaha or Memphis and he is starting in a UTD shirt where the limelight is always on you.  He needs a coach who is tactical enough  to understand his strengths. He would definitely succeed at Leeds because you don’t need the players to bail you out in those teams.  The manager knows what he wants and he demands it from the players he puts out on the field
I like how your arguments dont apply to all the players. You contradict yourself every 2nd sentence and its just fun to watch lmao
Ole isn't tactical enough to coach united.
3 months off because of Covid u play 7 weeks then back again and that is the excuse, than how can the teams play 9 months per season without winter break, and according to your words 2 weeks off is nothing so why do managers want a 2 week winter break when the players would be still tired and that would have no effect
Let's get Max Allegri! Please
We need to strengthen  our squad.
All I heard from Mark is excuses, excuses & excuses for this PE teacher Ole & overrated/overpaid players. The facts are massive money has been spent - £hundred Millions! Glazers are a problem but it’s lack of leadership on & off the pitch!  Ps: PPl forget ManUtd have always paid a Dividend- even as a PLC - before the Glazer takeover. They need a new manager with mass clear out
Imagine what would happen to us if we played Bayern am praying 🙏
Mark our board has  no ambition what so ever.
What are you talking about Mark. Ole has spent £130 million on the defence. £80 million in midfield. In the last year. How much money does he need to be competitive? Lack of games....What about Wolves?
@10:00 that means i was the only one who thought ole wasn't good enough at first glance...i was hoping for poch even before Mourinho was sacked...but you're right the issue is bigger than just sacking ole.
Finally some sense when it comes to Utd. The owners and the board are the problem! Sir Alex covered up the shocking way the club was run because of his genius. Glazers out! Back the manager!!
A BAD WORKMAN ALWAYS COMPLAINS ABOUT HIS TOOLS! THIS COACH HAS HAS HAD TOO MANY  SUCH PERFORMANCES SINCE HE TOOK OVER BUT ALWAYS PEOPLE MAKE EXCUSES FOR HIM BECAUSE OF AN AGENDA!WELL,IF YOU THINK THE BOARD OR WOODWARD WILL TAKE THE BRUNT FOR BAD RESULTS AND COACHING,DREAM ON!
Will we lose our next two matches.
Boycott all Man Utd products. Don't attend their games when stadiums opens to spectators.
If Ole doesn't win in his first 5 games, he will be sacked
At this point I feel like we need a total reset....Olé ain’t getting off the hook with anything and of course the board needs to go
Yesterday was horrible man....as a fan from 1995 all i can say is that was disgraceful, disgusting, lazy, slow and going nearly 10 years without 2 solid centre backs in beyond the joke now, go and get a hard fast serb and put him next to maguire because lindelof is one of the worst defenders i have ever seen
Well done Mark! Saying it like it is, and keep saying it! Like a mantra! So the message becomes common knowledge
#GlazersOut #WoodwardOut
Never said this when mourinho or van gaal was in charge only now ole is
HEY, THE ONLY TRUE SOLUTION TO THIS PROBLEM NOT JUST FOR THIS SEASON BUT FOR THE FUTURE OF THIS CLUB IS TO GET THE GLAZERS OUT AND GET IN OWNERS WHO ARE ACTUALLY UNITED FANS.  CONTACT OTHER PEOPLE - 1. YOUTUBE FAN CHANNELS 2. FACEBOOK FAN PAGES 3. INSTAGRAM PAGES 4. TWITTER ACCOUNTS 5. FOOTBALL JOURNALISTS 5. MEDIA HOUSES  SET UP A MEETING IN A COMMON PLATFORM WITH THE FOLLOWING AGENDAS - 1. LEGAL MEASURES (CONTACT LAW FIRMS IN THIS MATTER) AGAINST THE GLAZERS CONSIDERING THEIR PRESENTLY     ILLEGAL METHOD OF HAVING ACQUIRED THIS CLUB. 2. MASS AWARENESS AMONG UNITED FANS ACROSS THE GLOBE IN THIS MATTER. TO STOP THEM FROM PURCHASING UNITED MERCHANDISES TO STOP THE GLAZERS FROM PROFITEERING. 3. CONSTANT AND UNSTOPPING MEDIA COVERAGE IN THIS MATTER AMONG THE MAINSTREAM MEDIAHOUSES LIKE BBC, ESPN, SKYSPORT, ETC. 4. PLANNED & ORGANISED DEMOCRATIC MOVEMENTS AGAINST THE GLAZERS IN FRONT OF THE OLD TRAFFORD ESPECIALLY DURING MATCHDAYS IN EVERY SINGLE MATCHDAY. 5. AWARENESS AMONG THE FANS IN ENGLAND TO STOP THEM FROM ATTENDING THE MATCHES.  THIS SHIT NEEDS TO START NOW OR ELSE IT WONT BE LONG WHEN WE TRULY BE LEFT BEHIND AMONG THE FOOTBALL ELITES. AND THAT DAY IS NOT FAR AT ALL.
I m waiting a little bit to critique all the Structure
I can tell you honestly it's going to be a long long long time before we win a title. It's going to be a decade, regardless of yesterday's result. Its just that a loss reminds u more of how far we are and a win gives u a smile until next gameweek  But all in all, it's a long Long Way to Tipperary ( if u get this refrence you're elite )
Fitness is not are excuse, every other teams is up for it, GlazersOut, but ole is not good enough , this team NO MATTER WHAT should beat Palace! and stop this Agenda, i love Ole as are player, but not as are coach! and i like you Mark . but saying we played some of the best football in europa is are joke, we NEVER played great football, we have played decent football in some games, and i would give Ole 5 years, if we could see some god danm proggression on the pitch! AND THIS IS NOT ONE GAME,  ALMOST EIGHT YEARS, AND OLE HAS SOON BEEN HERE FOR 2 YEARS, LITTLE TO NO PROGGRESSION , and we need 2 CB , Maguire is CRAP, just take are moment to think we could have got Badiashile and Upamecano for the same prize as Maguire!#GlazersOUT #TenHagIN
Pls talk less abt ManU.
POCH IN!!
Well I'm 14 so that's sad
OLE OUT!!
I get sexually aroused when Man Utd get humped, sincerely hope it continues!
You cant just lump all us fans in one tag line. I have no agenda against ole but he is not up to job at all, there is no pattern of play since the start of his reign. I wasnt even shouting ole behind the wheel at the start and when the club said they will not appoint the permanent manager till the summer i thought finally the club are doing things right but only a week later they annouce him and at the time i said it was stupid. Watch man city they have had a similar break to us and i would bet my house on them playing their usual football. I am all for getting behind glazers out before ole out but glazers wont be forced out, newcastle fans cant even get ashley out and they are united on that and have a lot more possible buyers than we do because of the price so i just cant see that happening. We need a manager who can work on a shoe string budget with a modern style of play and that is potch and just pray that the glazers decide to sell sooner rather than later.
Banter FC back again
Didn't watch the game but knew we'd lose! Won't even bother watching the highlights! #GlazersOut #JudgeOut #WoodwardOut
The difference between utd and Everton is Everton have Ancelotti the man who won 3 CL we have ole.....
Mark mourihno won us trophies and people still said mourihno out
It’s a disgrace
Ole is a PE teacher 😂 #TDL
You can bring in any defender if Harry doesn't change and work on His speed the team will still suffer.
If you get telles I wouldn't be surprised if ole tries Shaw as the partner for Maguire
Might be the manager??? Mark wtf mate. You mixing your words.. end of this season will be no one in this channel... let flex take over mate he talk sense and with the heart.. kg, adam even ricky, sophie all great. Bring back saeed... united stand will not exist at this rate
hey!!i am not man.united fan...i am liverpool fan boy and if i look how we were 4-5 years ago and since we appointed J.Klopp its safe to say Ole isnt enough. yes the club owners... are bunch of trolls but Ole isnt experienced manager, he isnt that manager u aactually need. u need world class manager who can rebuild whole squad from scratch. who knows what to do.  dont get me wrong i like Ole, he is good person but he isnt enough for how big ur club is and how big ur expectations are
1) It is the definition of insanity, expecting something different when you keep doing the same things over and over again- Albert Einstein. 2) If the board doesn't support Ole, who will they support? This guy is a club legend for god's sake. He's not an arrogant prick like Mourinho. He won you the treble. If the board doesn't support him, they will not support any manager. 3) I don't know if the board care about looking like clowns, but I tell you what, if they don't get the signings, move the crap out of the team, and United are left to what they have then you people should be at OT and the training ground day and night protesting and putting real heat on the board. No social media, "outrage" nonsense.
Fans need to NOT go back to old Trafford when fans allowed... this will get through to the glazers.. not just moaning online..
We cannot expect something different from the same group of players.  If they had to be successful they would have already won trophies.  It's like united players are in some kind of sleep everyone they step on pitch.  Too lazy Too slow And ofcors no off the ball movement.  Rashford seems not mobile at all.  Bruno how much can he do.  Pogba overrated ( pls don't say he is not guyz, 4 years is more than enough to show something.... And world-class is a tag you give someone who performs every time on pitch with quality, call Cr7, Messi, lewandowski etc world-class for godsake..!)  James has only one game in mind and seems not intelligent on ball and godsake put him on LW for rashford...we get nothing out of RASHFORD from that wing...sorry to say.  Martial...gets no service in.  Mctominay a safe player.  Wing back should be AWB. Shaw had a bad game.  Maguire seems he is slow but gud in air, defensive awareness and distribution terrible.  Lindelof...has weaknesses  But think about the amount of time midfield looses possession, and give opposition team a straight counter attack opportunity to run at defenders...what do you expect from the exposed CB?  Mistakes are meant to be.  That midfield can't keep possession.  WDB should play coz he looks ready and wants to fed and takes up good position not like pogba who seems to find no one.  And greenwood is not a RW , he is a CF with deadly killer instinct in box , he should be either in the box or on the edge....he made a header chance with movement which couldn't be done by martial.  And please stop any favouritism for the sake of club..  It's time to look at MANCHESTER UNITED club and not player likes and dislikes as fans.
Next thing you know United fans will  be saying pochettino out he’s not a winner you guys  did this to mourihno 😂😂😂
Please tell Gary Neville it is His country man Harry that is weak. As a captain he has no turning and no speed and that is what is making Victor to suffer. Victor is excellent
Where not getting rid of the glazers
I’m not Ole out. But being unprepared, the awful selection and tactics is completely his fault. Just because folks want to hold Ole accountable does not mean that they are blind or cannot see that the Glazers, board, and Woodward need to go.
Your love of club history is clouding your judgement jose and louis were sacked for less he clearly cannot motivate the team god help that team in oct when champs league start
on POCH your opinion is yours but if the a coach is not backed and fans see the coach develops the squad then we will see a unity of fans in putting pressure on the board. With a coach like OLE there will not be unity of fans
Im all for giving ole time, but when do we give reality its day? He was soundly beaten. I refuse to believe we were exhausted.
They seemed like they would rather be home in lockdown playing fucking fortnite or something! What a fucking joke of a club
We are beating a dead horse at this point we keep saying every year deadwood out fresh players in and we keep the dead wood. Board need to go simple as
Oli is a popi to the graza so oli out
Get the glazers out out out please I’m going to combust soon
CB was obviously our weakest point on the pitch they didn’t even look bothered let alone half way good enough
Mark sorry mate but you have lost the plot.... talk about yesterday forget the board with those players you dont lose like that. Ole i love the guy but he aint the man to take us forward... united stand i love it but mark your starting to lose it mate!!! Board board board!!!! They will stay thats reality... ole doesnt even get off his back side... no plan B.. and maguire dont even get me started uselesss, everybody on lindelof back!!! But maguire is just as bad.. and in the player ratings like wtf!!!! And you say mark falling into what trap????? Check yourself mate
This guy needs to go on sky
Goldberg you understand football you always talk 👌 United needs quality not quantity
Poch and Klopp will improve the players. And with players like pogba and Donny he will win the league. Rashford won't last
Luke Shaw is spot on
Did Klopp get 400million?
Yesterday was ole's fault...where was first choice players.??? It's always been difficult to play against crystal palace... and where was martial yesterday.??? Very very poor formation..
Ole iners like Mark sound like Top Reders lol Ole out is Glazers Out but you have to be a moron not to understand. Glazers hired an inept manager but Mark would rather we give Ole £500m to say ole’s not good enough which we know already
Centre back is a major major priority or we will stagnate .bloody hell fire .
We where only prepared for a hiding
I’m totally depressed can’t see United wining anything or years to come we are a terrible team
I come from Africa where soccer is far bellow the English league and have followed Man united for long I am shocked to see Lindlof playing at that position  permanently he doesn't deserve to there
Everyone hating on smalling, I think that year in Italy will have helped, he's tall, quick, good in the air and I think he should deserve a chance
If United played like that in the Champions League,I predict a group stage exit!!
Glazers put sell to a syndicate run by Sir Alex simple
100% right, Glazers out! Give us our club back!
First game of the season and the fans act like it's all over!! your not real united fans plus why would any1 want to play for us when we keep taking about the past and comparing then and now. Alex is gone let's just keep it football
Squad not good enough to compete with top 4. BUT not to lose to PALACE. so who picked the team that is not prepared. OLE is naive and I see favoritism in his preparation and selections. In my opinion he is trending a bad route. It’s no AGENDA when it’s blatantly clear the coach is not good enough and surrounded by assistants that are not good enough. OLE in for now but this last game is not a BOARD issue
Mark are you still 90% club
Pogba Fernandes Martial Van Der Beek Rashford  Maguire De Gea  I'm sorry, but a team with those players should be beating Crystal Palace every time. It's not lack of transfers that lost the game, it's poor management.
Glazer lives don't matter
I'm not ole out, but Mark is the biggest hypocrite going. He wanted Jose out cause he didn't like his style of football and he didn't think he was the right coach. So, when some people say they want ole out, cause they don't feel like he's the right coach and they don't feel like he's going to take the team anywhere. How, can you slate those people saying they ain't united fans? I get it focus on the glazers not ole, however you can't be a hypocrite cause you done the same thing with the last manager.
Why is Bailly not starting. He is much better than Lindelof. Bailly is our best defender no doubt
Ole is the man if he gets the tools to do his job .an electrician can’t do his job properly without electricians screwdrivers .
CB WE NEED FOR GOOD👈👈👈👈
Overpaid,  overrated bunch of primadonna's who simply will not lose,  a single wink of sleep, regarding the current situation  ! How do you motivate and bunch of twenty year olds,  who have literally have millions in the bank ?
i really hope you dont sack him
Wolverhampton had no presesason. They still did great in their first game.
Ole we will support you for now,🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏but the Owner that not buying new player ,Owner you need to GO OUT!!!!!!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥Man Utd Owner it time to go.....💥💥
Poch in now
Have they gone yet?
all we do as supporters is make excuses for this lot. I dont care if we didnt have preseason rashford has been useless for months now pogba only shows up for france mctominay has no vision and that defence is hopeless
Sell James to Leeds and lindegard to spurs and get upamecano and sango and telles and josh King and then give ole to Xmas although bailley is superb when fit and was awesome when he first come until he got injured plus if smalling stays and tegen mendi looks a great prospect along with Alex tuanzebe
G Neville urging Ole to sign players. Sure he wants to, but it's the Glazers decision, not him. And that's probably a no. Never win another title till they have gone.
Ole is out of his depth , and the stress will make it worse but yeah mark you are right we need signings ,I'd be more inclined to get a manager to go above ole to help him develop
Angel gomes?
USTAND: What’s your opinion... ME: This is my opinion... USTAND: YOU ARE WRONG! YOU MUST FOLLOW MY OPINION!
No surprise if we lose Bruno, Pogba or any good player's in the coming year, if the boards gonna be act ths way.
What’s infuriating is that Ole is picking these people and then ppl call the players garbage. But don’t question the manager. Why? Scott over Fred...Dan James over Greenwood and Tim over Brandon or Dalot! Continuously playing Harry and Victor knowing it doesn’t work despite Bailly being fit and Smalling is still around (use him) Never taking Rashford off despite how poor he’s been for months. (I think he’s still low key injured) Then moving Scott to Rb. When it was Jose everyone was calling for his head! Ole has been a coach for years, his decision making is appalling and he never seems to learn from his errors!!!!
A lot of ppl hating on Lindelof, we shouldve never signed Maguire in the first place he's so slow and let's others do the defending for him which is why Lindelof looks bad sometimes, imagine buying Koulibaly instead of Maguire no one would be crying and it would be same price...
And luke shaws comments are spot on
Just sack ole I wouldn't give him a penny I've never seen such a poor manager absolutely zero tactics
Man U lack creativity, every single match, every single match....come on!!!!...they cannot lure out the opposition defense, they get in the box bubble up with the ball, lose the ball, fumble with the ball, NO CREATIVITY.....I love this team, they need to do better!!
Leeds united win and man united lot 3 1
Spot on mark well said
If we cannot get another cb we have to get smalling or Bailey to partner Maguire it’s absolutely shambolic
Sancho at £108 million will offer us nothing more than what Martial, Rashford and Greenwood have. Bet Rashford and Martial would’ve scored more goals per season in that league!
Ole has had £245 spent on players.... how’s it the owners fault???
Blindelof is the next phil jones in tbe making😂
You go and buy kouliply he is amazing
I’m so pissed off that I posted on Man Utd’s official page.... There’s a total lack of accountability on the board’s part and these pratts think they’re doing a good job.
Our defense plays to slow
Glazers out
Ole out
Sign another Lindelof , hahahahahhaa
How can Manchester United not be prepared? Excuses, excuses, excuses. Complacency from the idiots running us is the problem
Talk And talk this wat happen🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔Saying buying new player but now Wat???????😔😔😔
Nothing wrong with Ole it's the top boys running the club not football heads
We need to forget about Sancho and use that £108 million more judiciously to strengthen key areas — Go out get Danny Ings, Telles and a solid, quick and clever Center back!!!!
Mike Phelan is bad influence, he's the one that convinced Ole and the board to buy The most expensive flag pole Maguire. Lindelof makes mistakes but he is a grafter.
What has happend to rashford before his injury he was unplayable direct unpredictable explosive now he’s average
Spot on..need to back manager by fans and owner
Just look at the moto of ur pre season opponents Villa "Ever Prepared"
It's the same old Excuses FC
nobody at united is good
Audio is a bit low.
Mark makes a good point of the cycle of managers bringing a temporary uplift and then being sacked but if we are going to stick behind a manager,it should be the right one and not ole
Mark your logic is fundamentally flawed.  You constantly say that there’s no point fighting to get the owners out as they aren’t going anywhere (which I agree with u on btw). Yet now u ask all fans to direct their anger at the owners. Surely, if the owners aren’t going anywhere, as fans the absolute best we can fight for is to find the best manager possible in the hope that they can work miracles to take united back to glory, just as SAF did under the current owners regime.    In terms u might understand (as I know u love your analogies), United is currently an F1 car with an under performing engine (owners) and a flat tyre (Ole). Your argument is that there’s no point changing the tyre as the engine is still sh*t. I think a lot of fans disagree in the hope that we can find some magic tyres that can in some way make up for the poor engine!
mark is a confused man telling ole is an inexperienced  and upcoming manager this shows his ignorance and why many people are leaving his united stand
Facts facts facts facts facts facts facts  💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯💯
Smalling and Baily  better CB players
I feel so sorry for V.D.B. What does he think about our club....
Your squad may need improving. However dont evade the fact that ole is out of his depth.  The squad as is is good enough to compete for honors.  With ole they will never win anything.
People are forgetting that Maguire is not mentally fine same goes to the iceman and we have no back up for them
Another sad long average  season whereby the best we can hope for is 6th in the league. Glazers out!  Edward out!  We trust in Ole!
How can u say we've only been playing together for a week did u forget about last season
Ole is the problem before you blame the glazzers rembembe in this one season as a coach ole was given £250m for transfer but nothing seems improved no front three at all no 4 backs at all no GK and no CDM I agree grazers don't football but ole is just a school sports teacher
I think we are overating Rushford I have nothing against him but to be honest that lad is sluggish he will not fight for the ball he waits for it and then     runs with it ,that's not what we need
No signings no glory days
It’s not fair to say there’s an agenda for people who want Ole out... if we had a competent board, owners and a DOF, Ole wouldn’t have been hired in the first place. I want all of them gone.
What was the point in getting champ football when it doesn’t seem to benefit us at all in the transfer market
BINDELOF back in full effect  26 years old he should be in his prime
Looking for excuses to defend Ole, Flex was bang on last night how is it Woodward’s fault that Martial, Pogba, Bruno, Rashford Greenwood and Maguire all available and still perform like that.
I want Ole to succeed but how can we continue to back him when his team selection and in game management is shocking. The tactics are exactly the same as last season and we were already found out by the likes of Crystal Palace. Regardless of the board not backing Ole and lack of transfers this summer, never should this Manchester United squad be ran around like Palace did to us last night.   Ole in until the Glazers are out. New owners and a Director Of Football put in place.. only then decisions should be made about the manager.
Imagine if CP wins the Premier League we could bush that loss off to a beaten by the best situation.
Your best defender is smalling  , ole doesn't play him , stop saying you need a centre back , maguire is too slow , yet you want a new defender to play with him , you can't buy a new team every time you lose
What do you mean by they're exhausted?😌
You can blame the manager and the players and rightly so, but in all honesty no club that consider themself big would ever let owners do to their club what Glazers have done to United. And as a fanbase we are fools to watch it happen.
Mark, you are right. Getting rid of Ole will not help. Clueless Ed Woodward is our biggest problem.
We want Glazer's out and we want Glazer's out
There's probably too many players in our squad mark that's y we're not signing players buddy
Gary Neville got it spot on. Even with Sancho United will not win any silverware with Lindelof and Maguire 😑
Let's sell all players and give one final settlement to glazers and dissolve the club... It's really hurting when we are seeing our dynasty is falling and blood tear in my eyes.☹️☹️☹️😩💔💔💔💔
Ole’s only have two tactics and we are playing the same formation over and over again.  The players movement were terrible and our defenders are worse
I find u defending Ole even more Ridiculous
Mark if you are telling me we cant beat Crystal palace with this players, then we can't compete with the teams ahead of us even with Messi, Ronaldo and koulibally,trust me we can't excuse the manager, we can't blame the board all the time,as much as we need new signings we can't be loosing to palace the palace and blaming the board
Not fit because they've been getting arrested while away, got ill because broke CLUB rules by attending parties, not picked due to braking international team rules so needed to be made an example off, All this shows what the insiders have been saying and that's there is no discipline within the dressing room, Ole is out of his depth and the players know they can get away with it
Who’s saying Ole our? I don’t see anywhere people ranting about it
There’s such a stink at old Trafford now, that’s why mourinho deliberately got himself fired, he couldn’t take the stench anymore.and buying mercenary players is the same as chewing mints to hide your BO
Am I the only one who doesn't want Poch in? I don't want any other manager right now, except one that plays attacking and open football (take Klopp as an example or Bayern Munchen's manager)
what i dont understand is that Arsenal who are having a laughable transfer window gets a decent prospect in gabriel for less than 30M. ..surely for that type of amount United can get someone in
agree with mark about the man u cycle thing.
Excuses FC
Hope he plays the first team against lutton so that not only does their match sharpness increase but also their confidence goes up
Ole is tactically inept, you cannot beat Palace nor draw with that team? Meh
Glazers out and ole out
Alot of people seem to think OGS is good enough, he simply isn't good enough to compete with the likes of klopp and guardiola, don't kid yourself. Jadon sancho or not. You simply aren't touching the top two teams
more excuses  LMAOOOOOOOOOOO
What a PRAT!
80 million quid on a fridge for a Defender. This club's recruitment a joke.
I can agree with Mark..finally. My question to Mark is what will you do or expect out of fans to do against the Glazers. I want the Glazers out too...until the fans do somthing about it Glazers wont leave. My plea to United fans is to revolt. I love my club and it is painful to watch..we need the glazers out.
Come on what do u mean exhausted?  So are we the only team thats had the two weeks off? City and man unt were given an extra week. The board has failed no manager will succeed with this board. Although yesterday's game ole and the players are fully at fault.
If this season, we failed to buy any players, some serious players are leaving. Players like Pogba, Rashford, Martial are tired of taking blame. They all wants passionate board
Ole should be out with the glazers if we ever got taken over by a top owner who wants to take us back to the top ole would be gone too
The coach ain’t that good enough simple mate he should be getting the best out of the players he have and ole isn’t tactical enough mate stop making all this excuses
It’s freestyle football it’s form we played well because of the players not oles tactics he is so old fashioned
no other big club would let the Glazers do to their club what we have allowed Glazers to do to ours.
Our focus and mission as United fans from now on is to force the issue of getting the Glazzer s OUT!! Mass Clear out is Paramount at the top! If we want our Club back and Successful We must act Now!! It's not Ole" or any other manager it's the Owners! Please let's do everything to get them Out!!👹
Goldbridge stop....please read my comments Ole does not have  the  tactically brains
Mate stop making excuses for this. Players they should good enough to win palace game. So as every other premier league team they bearly get pre season going on for them
The Glazers and the board are to blame for a plethora of issues we’ve had as a football club, but in all honesty coaching and tactics ain’t a Glazer or board problem... FACTS
Everton have a coach with a proven record....we have a fucking P.E. teacher!!
I totally agree with Mark Goldbridge in this video
Sorry Mark I think you're wrong u say everyone was backed in there weak areas  U were backed last season in your weak areas  U can't expect unlimited transfers
Marks spot on Glaziers out
Mark the Glazers were sent by Liverpool! They do not love MAN U
Mark your talking bollocks about pre season preparation wolves were back a week before us and finished there season a week before us and there ready to go our club is rotten from top to bottom
Lol Greenwood had different things in mind during those two weeks
Our defense is always exposed bcoz we dont a strong midfield or attack that will defend up in the top half. Ole is small club mentality manager managing the biggest club in the world. You can give the best players to him and tactically he screw it up. There is fire from the touch line. Mckenna looks like school boy coach. God knows what Phelan is doing on the touchline.
Ole is tactically clueless it’s not a time to blame the coach yes but yesterday was no change he took pogba off put mctominay at right back and eze ruined him he has no clue Mike phelan another Dinosaur what does that guy even do if ole is to stay bring back Rene muelesteen send phelan who’s absolute garbage back to Melbourne
Maybe man utd should try going managerless, cannot do any worse
Ole is part of the solution regardless if he is the head coach, a head coach with a better number 2, a assistent coach, a youth coach, whereas the owners and the board will never be part of the solution.
What preparation do they need?  They didn't even play the first weekend. They should have taken advantage of the week off.  VDB have only trainee for few days with his new team but he outshined them all. So all these months they have played together they still can't understand each other. Ole is tactically inept
its u mark who dont understand football..haha..after all the mess this guy still back Ole..how many days of preparation u need mark to beat the mighty palace?..r u sure u know football?..keep learning bro
As much as I agree that the glazers and Woodward are the problem, if you’re not gonna back the manager get in a coach who can improve players and style of play
Manchester United have too many players that are used only for practise, a ticket to Retirement.
You can't buy a new team every transfer window , stop crying , your so called big players , pogba and fernandes were crap , the team and manager are to blame , stop sulking
Ole picks the team. That shambles was down to him and his so called coaching staff. Ole does not have the credentials for this job. Sell Pogba, he is a continual disappointment.
How about change the board and manager bring potch in
I think what people are saying is that with a better coach they would get more out of what we already have . I love Ole but is he out of his depth.
Ole is garbage, out of his depth and our club is fucked simples....
They all should have been ready. This is the prem league. Not good enough from management top to bottom
Mctominay had a far better game than most others on the pitch Mark. Pogba was crap
Oli has got to take alot of the blame here, that team is better than palace and we get hammered. Oli's job is to prepare the players no?
The issue here is Ole has got no technical and tactical brain or ideas. He does not make brave decision that need to be made changed during the game. We need a tactician coach which we dont have to help Ole. same  routine all the time. pre season is not proper bcoz of COVID 19 but not this ill prepared. Where is the ideas, no speed no game plan. Ole always screw the lineup. Then we have players like Pogba who have not given his heart for Utd whether he is fit or not. Then the main issue is with Ed the Rat and bxxxxxxds Glazers who taking us down the drain.  Only we have financially COVID problems.
After watching Dortmund and Utd why would Sancho want to join?
Mark is 100% wrong. I'm not saying Poch will win us a league but Poch would of beat Crystal Palace. Ole doesn't have a set play. Its just hit and hope smh we shouldn't need Sancho to beat Palace.
When you say look at Everton all that’s changed is that they’ve brought in a seasoned manager with respect from top players. Our manager is the easiest thing to change. Ole was never meant to be our permanent manager but a lucky var decision got him the job. We didn’t deserve to beat PSG and ole never deserved the Man Utd job
Is tuanzebe still injured?
mourinho finishing 2nd with that team will be one of the greatest achievements in the league
Mark regardless of the boards backing we shouldn’t be losing to Palace. Wtffffff Ole is fucking clueless.
Glazers and Woodward are the ultimate evil, but at the end of the day, Ole is the main man who arrange the tactics and picks the players..the way I see it, Ole will be sacked end of this season, and the whole cycle will repeat again. Ole is not doing well to prove himself as well (despite more years of experience as manager compared to Lampard or Arteta), and dont think he will win any trophies in this club. MU was just lucky to be 3rd last season.. Bruno carried the team on his own after January. I dont think it is Ole's masterstroke. As Evra mentioned, it will be all deja vu again. Negativities from pre-season all the way to the end of season.. with lack of transfers, squad unrest, horrible performances on pitch, then sack the manager. There is nothing to debate here, dear Goldbridge. Every season will be the same unless some rich Russian billionaire buys over the club.
Work with what you have like Lampard. Stop Complaining
Ole is dumb..80 mill for maguire and still defense is not sorted,,mark this,,next season Maguire will be sold to everton
I agree with you mark I would keep smalling and play him this year as well
Yeah and that is down to Ancellotti and his team, not the PE teacher and his team!
I see that spurs are looking at Jessie,  and Deli Alli is out of favour is there some business to be had there?
Ole as much as I love him he's weakness is that he's too slow to react to make substitutes, Rushford, Pogba and lindeloff were supposed to be changed long time
We need Koulabaily and either Sancho or Zaha
How can anyone except something about this team. The GK is top class only when is motivated, the defence is maybe the worse of the top 6, luke shaw is looking like R9 in retirement, the CBs are the most overrated players in the league, the middlefield.... Pogba at this point just look like a lazy player, zero confidence, Bruno Fernandes one of the best at shooting outside the box just doesn't shoot and looks lost in the middlefield and the front oh boy, imagine want to win the prem when the front three play all the same style, and the predictable one. And then we have the manager...that have no excuse for the performance of yesterday.
DVB will have to be rushed into the first team to give pogba a break , starting after just recovering from covid shows our massive lack of squad depth .
Let's not turn on ole we need to come  together and deal with the real problem the board we are United for a reason let's not let them divide us and win
Same side to side boring football again . The players are not good enough. They weren’t good enough last season or the season before. Why is everyone thinking you do the same thing and get a different outcome?
Like always, some of fans are doing s*** just because one game
Is think we will actually turn into aftv now. 😂
There is something seriously wrong at Utd. Something so wrong that a few new signings can't fix. However much we love Ole, he can't do the job. It's too big for him and his staff. The quality of our squad is good enough to beat Crystal Palance without Sancho. I think the team's confidence is hanging by a thread in every game .
I wanted to avoid football today for obvious reasons. But here I am watching TUS just to see what you think
Everybody can see Maguire and Lindelof don't work as a pair.. 😡
had ur team won penalty non of you would have me saying that u did not have pre season. if not the FAKe penalties u wouldn't have been in top 4
Not only will they be sacking another manager, this time they have us turning against and calling for the sacking of a club legend.
Luke Shaw is shocking if we don’t sign telles after yesterday I don’t even know the whole back 4 is a shambles
Give this team to Julian Nagelsmann or poch, they will make better,,,ole and maguire can leave
First thumbs up I've given a video in ages as I completely agree with everything said... Sack the board not Ole.
Is mctominay not part of the team ? If he is not good enough then why not sell him ? This is stupid excuses
Rashford needs dropping.. his terrible form is becoming a problem now.. Greenwood off the right and Dan James off the left with Rashford on the bench.. Fred ahead of Mctominay.. VDB ahead of Pogba until he's fit... and why is Matic unfit?? Its not like he's been playing international football
Goldbridge speaking facts 🙌🙌
Next 50 years wil be our season 😄
5:39 that’s why you have a squad
I get the point, but actually a lot of people disagreed with Ole’s appointment, because they wanted Pochettino who was trending strongly at that time. But yes, I agree Ole is not the problem here. Not at all. Its bad managment of a club as a whole, which is the Boards fault, not the head coach.
Which top 6 sides in Europe will take Ole, Phelan, Carrick n McKenna? Bug stops with Manager, sorry no pity from me if he spend 130m on a fridge to pair with an oven n a RB that cant bomb forward. Its all down to Ole for yesterday.
I actually feel like us blaming transfers for losing a game like yday, is as bad as the glazers blaming covid for the lack of transfers. A better coach WILL do better with these players, that HAS to be fact. We can’t say our players are worse than palace, Everton or Leeds...just because everybody agreed that Ole should get the job and that he needed backing...it does not mean we haven’t seen enough to show that he ain’t good enough. Arteta and Lampard have less experience than Ole and are/have been showing better managerial skills
Honest opinion i don't rate ole but I back him.. I hate Ed n the glazers...
Mourinho once said that his greatest achievement in football was achieving second with man united
Boring
When we have to resort to listing "valid" excuses.... I think it means something has gone badly, badly wrong.
Ole grinning at the post match press conference. 🤣🤣🤣
I think we need to forget about sancho all together and start looking for a new CB partnership if we go into this season with both lindelof and Maguire we are in big trouble palace got in 5-6 times yesterday we could have lost 5-1 or 6-1 yesterday and I’m worried that when the big clubs turn up we do get embarrassed
I don't believe we should sack Ole but if the club aren't going to back him they might as well sack him now rather than down the line if thing haven't improved massively. If you don't give a manager the players he needs you can expect improvement.
Sooner or later you must coach your existing players to be better regardless of crying over signings & he's clueless
Glazzers are our biggest problem
So what I gather from your argument is that keep Ollie ,and get rid of the Glaziers . News flash the Glaziers are not going anywhere. So with that get used to losing .
Other than a cb we need a cdm of the kante/vidal/allan etc type. He will free up the other two midfielders. We need somebody only be focused on that destroyer role of breaking up play.
Palace went all of last season without scoring more than once in the league, yesterday they could have scored 5,
£230 million spent and Ole not backed..get real.  Wolves had a shorter break and i didn't hear them complain..Banter FC
Let’s talk about people leaving this channel... what’s happening in the background?...
I 100% agree that the board need to change, and they haven’t back the managers in the previous years. But let’s not look like Arsenal fans here!!! Ole isn’t the right manager, he doesn’t have the managerial knowledge to take this club to where it needs to be. Everton board have backed the manager, and their manager is Ancelotti!! He has a massive amount of knowledge and experience behind him. The players need to have a strong look at themselves as well. No excuses putting out on a performance like yesterday, no excuse at this level.
UNITED is doomed!! Everton, Arsenal, Spurs, Liverpool, Man city and Chelsea will finish above . United will beg for a 7th or 8th maybe 9th if Lester or Wolves do better
All those wanting poch are lube for the glazers.
Rashford is a quality player his injury was career ending so its going to take time for him to regain form and full fitness, it shows that we lack debth in the squad so not to over rely on him
The board & the owners don't coach players on how to defend
Mark I like your “cycle”, but I’d make this alteration:  Sack a manager - sign a manager - sign a few decent players - but of success - then sign fewer players than the fans think we need - sack a manager....
An embarassing result and in an embarassing state I dont have the words to vent my anger and frustration
Please get telles 🙏
I still have faith in Mengi Baily and Tsuanzebe
We used to be a club that were feared.. A club that used to get the best talent availible.. Now we are getting beat by mid table teams, signing absolutely no one. Relying on players who are clearly not good enough.. Glazers have absolutely ruined this club and I don't see it being rebuilt within the next ten years
MUFC will not finish top 6 this season if we don’t strengthen the back line. The loss against Crystal Palace is a blessing... Glazers and Woodward OUT!!!
When the manager comes out and says "we're short" that's very concerning to me. Why should I believe we are going to be any better than we were last season?
Stop criticizing mctominay there's no crystal palace midfielder better than him. It is about the system the coach employs. A good coach will always make the midfield compact. But Rashford and martial stays up high and wide when utd are not with the ball rather than coming back to support the midfield
Glazers out and Ed Woodward
This club is killing me.
We need to look at the bigger picture. Break the vicious cycle
The board didn't pick that line up yesterday .
The worst part is we may think of solution's but can never act on them because we are only fans 🤦🏾‍♂️
Everyone really needs to chill out. Ever heard of the story called the hare and the tortoise? Ultimately it's about where we end up, not so much the start. There are 37 games to go. Did anybody really think we could go the season undefended? It just means now we get up the table via a slightly different route. I wanted to win yes but we all know that all games/matches rarely work out good.
ManU used to have a youth setup to rival anyone in the world. Surely you not got any kids coming through? Rather than trying to buy success?
Oh my god the player excuses that you poured out here are simply embarassing
Its difficult to defend yesterdays performance
This is why for the last 4 seasons I've refused to get optimistic about a new season. Too many times I've fallen into the PR trap that it's give out trying to make us happy about giving us nothing. No more. I love utd, not the running of the club/buisness
How do you send super chats?
We need to back the 20 legend and lobby for board and owners out. They are degrading the club and stripping it of its resources.
Scott Mctominay played well yesterday! Pogba shouldn’t have started, sluggish and didn’t want to be there after 10 mins!
I don't rate Ole as a manager but he has been screwed over
In all honesty I never wanted ole at the beginning or after we had that good run I've always said he's not got the experience or the ability to manage utd and we haven't got the time to wait 7 years for him to get better if it was anybody else with oles record would be nowhere near this club
Lindelof a joke and slab head poor poor poor
changing manager will delay or destroy man U at least 5 years. with this squad nobody can score. Ole knew the club and atmosphere of United. he urgently need at least 4 player. first a center back, sancho, a left back and a Striker like Cavani or olivier giroud, not ighalo. ighalo is ridiculous Transfer for any European Club.
Thinking about it last night , whats the saying any press is good press good or bad . Board will be thinking were more relevant with all the negativity.  Sponsors looking thinking how popular utd are even though its all negative 🤬🤬🤬
if crystal palace smashed us like that, i can't believe what will happen with liverpool or city... and they have strengthend too from previous season.. the gap is getting wider and wider
Need to play baily
Did not want the glazes in Manchester United they ruined the club I love
Im fed up of utd im caring less and less fools of owners no players and fans who constantly blaming the manager's when the owners won't back the manger two and half seasons under ole and 5 players brought in so far 😩😩
The last 4 managers what Manchester United had wasn't good enough come on Mark I thought you know your football stop being a Gary Neville
If the club cared it would of sancho upamecano and a lb already.
The problem is poor communication i blame ole for bissaka sitting on the bench
United’s focus has been on the wrong position from the start of the window. You been looking for Sancho the entire time when a CB and CDM should be the priority.
United cannot so much with martial playing as the 9
“Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.” - Albert Einstein
I think Ole is next to get sacked
We need a new manager... Solskjaer out!!!
Linderlof is a joke of a defender. Would never play him again
If Ferguson was in charge, do you think Maguire (captain)would have got into trouble in Greece or Greenwood in Iceland.  Ollie is too nice.
Mark, Pogba didn't play yesterday
I thought united were far ahead of the chasing pack tho?😂
McTominay lost the ball and just casually jogged after it. While Bruno is sprinting back from cam to defend
Mengi should be tried. Maguire should be dropped. Telles must be signed. An attacking rw must be signed.
“Maybe Manchester United could maybe get into a race with Liverpool and city” 😂😂😂 try relegation battle pal
Mark: “Our Kits look like zebras at safari  parks.” Juventus: really?😑
Bailly easily should start
We ain't signing anyone, we have clowns who's in charge of this club.
That performance Was bad Man Utd  But the problem There is no leadership   OleGunnar Solskjær Need to be Aggressive
Mengi Deserves A Chance Instead Of Lindelof
No PASSION what so EVER Bruno needs to start punching Lindelof and Maguire coz Keane would have twatted them by now
Since Ferguson left this has been our past it's our now and will be our future until we get the blood sucking glazers out of our club. I don't have a problem with OLE in the job he's at least brought some passion back
Our fitness and medical team is the worst in the league. I can’t understand how our players always look tired. Looks like we’re in for another long, hard season.
Season already done
The board can/could change, but Ole will never be good enough.
Our board is useless
Pogba is overrated. Hasn't done anything good in months.
Ed Woodward shouldn't back ole on transfer bcos he's not good enough. I think Woodward already knew this. The best signing is to bring in a good manager someone like allegri. Don't talk of exhaustion please Bayern just won 8-0 after winning CL. The matches ole won last season was down to Bruno"s talent and not because of his technical ability
Leicster sign Cengiz Ünder RW under a loan from Roma. United have failed to sign a RW for 4 x seasons now
Hit the nail on the head here mark. Keep it up!!!
By gettin players WHO WANT TO PLAY FOR THEM
I bet Jones and Smalling and rojo and Bailey and tuanzabe are crying with laughter!
Spot on Mark : Enough Is Enough 👋
There is no way we are getting rid of the board. and why the lack of preparation? isn't  it the same for all the teams ?
Did u ever think Scott was the only player that was fit enough. maybe ole had to pick him
Oh I saw Sancho in palace team and palace bench got more depth than United. Always giving excuses for ole clueless and poor managerial style
Plz plz plz bring Suarez and koulibaly pleaaaaaaase boss read it ..
United is no where close to the top 6 this season with that game yesterday. I'm gutted!!
I don't care who u are if ur not getting backed then its like pissing in the wind I don't care how good u are . No backing no success
maybe u should have a chat with all the united shows and agree on something
We are no longer a football club we are a business
When you have 9 players on big wages that you can’t rid of I wouldn’t be buying anybody
The structural failure of Glazers running the club cannot be understated.To add insult to injury the Glazers appoint Woodward  as CEO and  more critically, in charge of transfers.Until these cretins are removed things will never change. To put this in context I think Ole over achieved by finishing third...and the board decided not to invest in new players.It is a generational problem.
I understand the heat for the board and I cant stand them myself.. but if anyone is telling me this isn't a coaching/tactical issue then your wrong.. A better manager would surely have had a different outcome on the result
Us as the fans need a way to have a say in how the club is run
WE NEED TO STANDBY OGS. NO TO POCH. THE BOARD NEED TO BACK OGS.
Luke Shaw is a crock he’s had more time off through injury than any other man utd player
Finishing 3rd was the worst thing to happen to you guys and I ain’t even taking the mickey
I said it before and I'll say it again. Sancho isn't a good idea this transfer window. They should be looking to pad up the bench and a new CB
I have had covid and it makes you very tired and out of breath maybe jts affecting pogba
What a bullshit statement about "everybody was Ole at the wheel" at the beginning. A lot of fans said he isn't right one. And he is still not right one, but hey, blame the board, players but not Ole. He isn't proper coach, that is a fact after his 10 years as manager. If he is sacked/free, which club will approach him? No one from top divisions. What more do you have to know?
Angel Gomes connected to Everton?
The bottom line is that you cant go in with the same players expecting a different result. Throw in fatigue and lack of preparation and it becomes impossible. The board is just trash.
Don’t feel too bad. Jesse Lingard has been linked to Tottenham. Best news for United for sometime.
OLE  IS OUR MANAGER AND NEEDS THE FANS BACKING. FANS SHOULD STOP BEING HYPOCRITES WHEN THE BOARD IS NOT BACKING THE MANAGER AND ANY POOR PERFORMANCE IT'S SO SICKENING TO READ OLE OUT COMMENTS
De Gea might be insane this year because that defence is worse than Smalling and Jones
Woodward retweeted a post saying I hate man Utd
Well you know what, i officially hate the glazers
Sir Alex had 4 seasons before he won his first trophy at United. Not saying Ole is the next Alex Ferguson😬 but he needs time.
Yeah, Glazers and woodward will always be the ones at fault for the way the club are now. Can't agree more Mark.
Sell pogba he was terrible.
Trying to convince yourselves that ole isn't the worst manager in the prem
Bottom line Ole’s too nice to be a manager, he should be working as a meet and greet or an ambassador or something at Old Trafford
liverpool will not win the title this year , mark my words
Very well said Mark!
Oh the board the board, ffs man the board aren’t going anywhere and that’s just nonsense .
And united do not have  a director of foot ball to make decisions on acquisition
One loss and everyone wants ole out it’s actually stupid there another 37 games to be played give him a chance man
Hi mark l m like you i feel sick from last nite result how mark remember sky were going to take over united its was blocked  how can the glazers got the go ahead to  buy united and not only that they bought united in death how was eric bailly not playing yesterday thanks mark from larry
POCH Wont want to come here
I said it a long time ago and I’ll say it again....Man U had a choice....back your manager(Mourinho) or back your player(pogba)! You made the wrong choice!  And you STILL back the player?!? Why!  He is simply the Balotelli of midfield...
Everybody wasn’t singing Ole at the wheel and you know that too.
Smalling is penalty every game with VAR.
Our manager has been schooled by Roy Hodgson Mark you haven't got a clue
You are very self opinuated,
Ole is tactically inept and you me and everyone else can see that.
Mark I hear you about the board and the glazers but ole has to take accountability also. This team from the outside seems poorly drilled, tactics are at times non existent, can ole grow and develop players - I don’t think he can. Also the training staff around him are inept also. The club is rotten top to bottom.
If we get a good owner there will get a good manager and there will support him in the transfers The glazers will never do it. That's why all United fans should be Glazers out...
I believe that Ole is the man to take forward. Just my opinion tho. He needs the backing
Ole's problem is playing Linderlof after what happen last season, Baily, smalling, Rojo are all better than Linderlof
It's gonna take 25 years for united to be back
Absolutely terrible performance disgraceful we will b lucky to finish in the top 10 absolutely raging 😤
We're gunna be a joke in the champions league
Lindelof irks me , he’s weak and atrocious, man always running with the ball towards Maquire instead of holding his ground and kick the ball. It’s time now for BAILLY & it’s only rite now for them invent smalling & keep him cuz he’s better than lindelof
Goldbridge having an affair with luke shaw again
Pogbru
You can go on and on about managers and players but nothing will change until the Glazers either sell the club to another owner who has the teams fortunes at heart, or the Glazers themselves change their goals from the focus on profits to the building of the squad
Pogba obviously wasn’t sick or he wouldn’t have played anytime soon so that’s just no excuse there. Pre season, come on man all didn’t have on but had three months off.
I dont know football or United for not wanting this clueless coach??? give me a break!!! we know about the Glazers and Woodcock!! But How is it that no one improves under this guy?? With this coach/ manager I dont expect anything good. I never wanted this yahoo of a coach NEVER!!! I have seen what he has done to Cardiff! Ole is one thing, The board ad the Glazers are another. Not being supported dosnt mean not improving players. All of them gotta go lead by Ole.
Ole isnt a tactical genius, but he aint stupid either, if gets the players he needs he can defo make something happen, but he haven't gotten any of his targets , donny is a positive but not plugging a hole, we can get as mad as we want, but the board dong give two shits about our football so we ain't going nowhere
Glazers out and Ole needs time to build it from down, but people dnt know why people want him out... Ole will be successful
OLE OUT OLE OUT
Just because the board is bad doesn’t mean ole is good enough both are poor
Wish the board would leave, don't think they wlll, the just want to drain the club dry. The sooner a new board comes in the better.
is the manager not responsible for team preparation
Even though the board is a disgrace, I can't see we progressing under Ole. I respect Ole, but he may be good for the Junior team, but surely not for the Senior team. He may get Sancho and all other players he want, but winning the title is not for him. He is too soft. Best managers earn their pay when their team manages to win against teams who sit back. We are weak. People forget the fact that we could have well finished 8th last season if it weren't for Bruno and the amount of penalties we won which ended in a 1-0 win for us. We have no game plan. We have no plan B. It is just individual brilliance.  Yes, the board sucks, but Ole is not good either.
Ollie out 🤣
When you want to watch a goldbridge rant and you get one  Let's go
GLAZERS OUT OUT OUT OUT. DON'T BUY THEIR MERCHANDISE.
Can we all just wait outside old Trafford and say glazers out then I'm sure they will listen
looks like we still can't pass the ball out from the back and we cannot protect the back four! drop the two center backs and the two midfielders infront of them for the next game.  we need to secure that area, that's our weakness and we will continue to struggle until we fix it. Ole is in a hard place, our first choice team is in no shape to start the season with and what have we got? but that's all we have! you can't replace knackered with shite and expect good results. a difficult year ahead for us unless we fix that midfield/centerback problem. we need at least two new players in there maybe three before this window closes so they must act fast. oh dvdb is one positive though, hope he starts next game.
WAIT A MINUTE...😳👀WHO ARE YOUUUU🤔
Ole or pochettinho no brainer
Your Everton point was spot on!
Everyone gotta like Luke shaws tweet
Matic is in quarantine the commentator said in the game so that's why he didnt start
glazers out, woodward out, ole out. none of them are good enough.
Is this the club thats playing in the cl
I didn’t want ole as our manager at all but I gave him a chance & he blew it
Pogba was playing a charity match yester night 😂😂😂
OLE OUT is by definition yet another F%&k UP of the Glazers anyway!
Jesus Christ!! I don't want to be the new Mark Goldbridge. 😂😂
How do you sack the Board and Glazers?
This is just my opinion but harry maguire has been absolutely shocking since he joined united every game but lindelof has one bad game and he needs to go?!? lindelof was alot better than harry maguire last season yet maguire is the one that gets to stay in the back two? plus harry maguire was also at fault for the first goal doing what hes been doing since he joined us daydreaming about how he should of just stayed at Leicester
It's one thing not looking sharp but if you are a world class player you don't loose your passing technique overnight.  Bruno's passes are too wayward to suggest he's a world class player. we've wasted another 50 million on a mediocre player. He has not performed in over 5 matches for united now.
Lindelof can never play again. Too weak and too slow for a CB not premier League level don't mind man United
We never had a pre season ever1 relax
All we need is Alphonso davies,koulibaly, and one more good CDM.. and the board to be reshuffled .and ole to be ruthless about training  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂✌️♥️💔💔💔💔
Nothing will change until the Prats in charge get out of our club
My dream team:              De gea AWB, Bailly, Koulibaly, Shaw               Fred WDB.              Pogba               Bruno Cavani.          Greenwood
The team that played villa should have been the team that played today for fitness levels
Ole IS NOT the man for Manchester United. I was never Ole at the wheel, I never wanted him appointed. He just isnt a top class coach. Two years in and the players are making the same mistakes. He has a squad better than 90% of the league but doesnt play better football than about 30% of the league. However, the bigger problem is those in charge. Until the Glazers change their running of the club or leave then any manager coming in will not be successful.
Mark will be Ole Out by Christmas. Mark my words.
I have been ole out since burnley. I could see this coming when bruno was eventually dragged down by the rest of the crap squad. However, i will give ole the first 7 games and if he dont get 15 points then i would sack him.
Only two can save United now. 🐏 Smalldini and 👑 Jonesta MUST start the next match. Drop Lindelof and Maguire and let the games begin
Gary Nevile has always said CB was a priority.
Marj third place last srason FLATTERED United United were sumply NOT THE THIRD BEST TEAM IN ENGLAND LAST SEASON SO YESTERDAY'S MATCH WAS A REALITY CHECK
I give up! man united destroying my dreams
Maguire out
We mostly don't agree a lot of times mark but this was 100% right.
Anybody got £6billion spare & how long will the glazers out movement will last I feel sorry for fergie who built a empire in 25years & it’s being destroyed by players & managers we have had since fergie retired
Another season of mediocrity......are the Glazers & Woodward fair dinkum, do they even care about progress, omg, over it!!
All us fans should stop having a go at players it should be one voice saying GLAZERS OUT OR ED WOODWARD OUT. Changing manager only repeats same mistakes. Simple math. No prem since those took over.  We are failing because of those two.
You are acting like these players have never played together ever, preparation comes from the manager and how he disciplines the players, he's definitely not tactically able to take Man Utd to the stages we need to. I agree the Glazers are the main problem but we have a world class players so they need to be scrutinised aswell
That zebra kit seems to be comeing rather relevant  We will be eaten by the lions !!!!!
We also lack a suitable defensive midfielder. Ole should ask for Boubakary Samoure that's a good asset But ole is focusing on expensive players like Sancho, Grealish, Madison... etc and there's quality players who can fit to the team well
It's frm ds platform tht we shud start # GLAZERS OUT,  let's spread it worldwide to save our precious club
So who's going to be the panic buy this season?
Both the board and Ole need to go. Neither are good enough lets be honest.
Victor lindelof doesn’t deserve to be part of the United team !!!! Absolutely worst player , even smalling would have done better .our last semi final of Europa league cost becoz of him !!!😠😠 so pissed
Why is so much emphasis put on Pogba ? At times he is piss poor, the rest of the time he is nothing short of average.  Pace was lacking throughout the game. How are you supposed to hit teams on the break if you play at a snails pace.   There is a huge problem with the core of this team and if Ole can't fix it , then he needs to move on . No disrespect meant towards Ole.
Luke shaw just spot on with his words🔥
Ole is not good enough. He smiles alot and does nothing. The team we have is good enough to beat crystal palace, but we failed. So we can't blame the glazers for that. Of course we very much need more signings, but for yesterday's game, the coach takes the blame
Mark - how can we sack the board/Glazers?  They own the club, unless someone turns up with deep pockets (billions) there is nothing we can do.  It was OLLY'S job to get team prepared, he failed.
We need Koulibaly, Sancho, cavani and Nagelsmann to replace Ole
You don't need fitness to pass the ball , it's the oldest saying in football 'that the ball do the work '
Yesterday was tough but be optimistic hopefully that was a blip next game we go again and try more cant do any worse
BANTER FC
Luke shaw is spot on there
After yesterdays piss poor performance, I almost said "sod this I'm not watching them again", ( after 45 years I might add), but I did some soul searching and realized that I am going through something similar to drug withdrawals. 25 years of complete dominance, winning everything, performing on every stage at the highest levels, with so many talented players that were easy on the eye, putting lower teams to the sword and also winning huge games with excellent football and great drama.  Now this.
I hate man united currently gameplay. So many safe passes and. Why  don't our fullbacks whip in crosses
I feel empty
Back Ole! And put as much pressure on the board, ed, the glazers on social media 'till october 5th as possible!
I'm not ole out but any top class coach with them set of players does not get beat 1-3 at home to Roy Hodgson Crystal palace who will fight relegation. The team didnt even look like scoring. Absolutely awful
Mark criticises anyone for having an agenda against shaw, lindelof, de gea etc. Yet is single handedly trying to end Mctominays career on US. On BBC ratings he was 4th highest rated player for us, but on US ratings he was one of lowest after 90 min of mark cherry picking his errors. Pathetically biased behaviour needing a scapegoat
Perhaps then Mark , Ole should have played some of the players who played at Villa ?
Defending Ole again I see.
Ole will be sacked eventually because he’s not good enough. But the board needs to get out before him.
I wonder if the board decided we want poch , and poch says I only came if we get sporting director , would Woodward cave ?
On paper Palace was our easiest fixture ! Look at our next 6 PL games ! We will be lucky to get a single point  !!! Scary stuff . Gulp
Hey Mark
Ole also should be blamed for the loss, because of his poor defense selection.  Why should you leave w. Bisaka out and Bailly or Tuanzebe  and put Lindelof with all the mistakes he's been causing for the team. Nkt 🚮
Sick of those fans who go on like that after  one game. Ole loves United and is trying his best use bunch of fake fans!!!
Lindelof looks sick something's wrong look at his eyes&face. Rashford is not fit for sure, doesn't take people on anymore. Sure we need CB RW etc., but for me CDM should be the priority.  Ole out or not, one thing is for sure he cannot change his gameplan midgame, he just sits looking at the screen.
Still fuming massively
I think we need a blody centre back left back and right winger,
You changed ur tune mark what you say 3-0 utd , and the proplem is ole not on same page as us he doesn't want sporting director or see proplems with team if he thinks he needs multiple signs he would cancel Sancho and build depth , if ole felt the same he'd call bullshit on Woodward
Glazers Out
Rashford was poor he need to try an build is confident or less he will be out of Manchester united soon
If they are exhausted now, how are they going to be after 50 games ?
The zebra safari kit 🤣
Angel Gomez Emm
Goldbridge defending ole I see,nothing new there I suppose.. Sorry but ole ain't experienced enough to manage one of the world's biggest club's.. He failed miserably at cardiff city who's a much smaller club..
If we’re happy with an incompetent manager just because we don’t like our owners we may as well have kept Moyes or LVG or Jose. Why ask for them to be sacked but give Ole a free pass? That’s the real agenda here.  There’s a reason why our rivals want Ole to have a job for life.
i love ole but there is no tactics... if you look at the other inexperienced managers arteta and lampard they have a style of play and are improving. ole just relies on individuals...
Those of u that support utd and believe sancho is going to transform your team then u need to give your head a wobble. The fact mark complains not having signings before the games as a factor to why u lose it just ridiculous. Your manager is just not good enough. Look at the team arteta inherited and what he has done to them by implenting a system. Ole has no excuse with the team he has and the majority of u utd fans are to delusional to see this
Bollocks, everton is a big team again because they sacked a crap coach and carlo is class. If we got a world class coach then they would get signings just like mourinho.
Feel like this ole out thing is so stupid because there’s probably the same people who sing ole at the wheel after winning a game and I think both need to stop
Completely agree with you Mark. Yes, it's a disappointing result and performance but what can we expect when the players have had next to no preseason and the number of transfer ins and outs haven't been nearly enough?
Woodward out... Van der Sar in !!!
This is the ideal utd team Henderson AWB Maguire Umpacano Shaw Bruno Ndidi VDB Sancho Greenwood Martial  Quick football. No Rashford or Pogba slowing the game up
Ole have no tactics at all dont defend that b teacher
But my question still remains the same. Why would you go for Lindelof instead of Bailly??? The same mistakes he deed last season is what we're seeing today😭😭😭😭
Ole needs backing and support, don't turn into us Arsenal fans, with a Manager out campaign!   Give Olé another 5 year deal.... Please 🙏🏾😄
It's a blessing in disguise as hopefully this loss will give the boards a wake up call and force them to do something.
Another manager not backed. Are we all surprised, no. We will never win the league or champs league with this board, it's as simple as that.
Lol still no Jaden sancho
My bubble of optimism for the new season as been pricked already.........
3-1 to CRY wtf man
Build a bonfire 🔥
Forget sancho get koulibaly and CDM
Poor performance from lindelof
Season already seems over, Glazers is like a vampire sucking the blood of the club. The worst part is they’ve done this since 2005.....
who’s gonna be on the sunday show tonight ?
stop blaming pogba everyone played bad the whole team ... and its not ole's fault he wants new players but the board clearly doesnt how can u do better when u know the players u have are never gona be tittle contenders
# Glazers out, Ed woodward out 💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️💣️🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪🔪Lets unite👹👹👹👹👹👹
The sad thing is this will keep happening whilst the Glazers/Matt Judge/Woodward is in charge of the club and transfers. I honestly struggle to see how this situation changes to get them to wake up and do some activity in the transfer market.   Solskaer out is pointless, this will just happen to whoever takes charge as manager as ownership and hierarchy of the club stays the same. Get used to being bantered by everyone
I think it’s disgraceful how Ole hasn’t been backed by the board, but at the same time, if we can’t beat Palace at home with our squad then I am very concerned
It's better to play with 10 men than to play that lindelof
so basically United dont have team to win against Crystal Palace
FACTS
At this point I don't care Sancho comes or not, all we need is a cb cdm and telles
Lindelof should pack and go. 🚮🚮🚮
Absolutely shocking, going to be a very long season can see a mid table finish coming.
My team is killing me
