Close the uk borders ffs and stop thinking about money
Bit late to close the border in December 2020. The pandemic started on the 23rd March 2020.
UK: *_We want to close borders to the EU! BREXIT!_* EU: **closes borders to the Uk** UK: **surprised pickachu face**
Jaishreeram,jai srikrishna ,save the world from this pandemic.
The simple fact is recall parliment let those who have experience talk and guide those ministers who have no clue
Immigrants have got a fleet of bowlers bringing the stock over clever fockers
Threat to food ? Lol what a load of bullshit stop scare mongering first the bullshit virus now this
I know one thing I bet the sales of Mistletoe have fallen through the floor this year. Happy Christmas everyone.
Thoughts and prayers bullshit
Cobra meeting phussss phussssssss
Enforced lockdown immediately💯😎https://youtu.be/ipLFlQMa3NY
We the racist British was wanting to leave the EU.  I guess now the world is ready to leave UK alone.
“Plague island” lmfao
Europe closed its borders? I thought that was racist?
Buy British!
Time to stock up on canned FRUITS!
Obviously France hasn’t been told to mutate there French covid virus yet, absolute lunacy. Dose anyone think the virus will not mutate in every country regardless. I can’t believe the politicians running countries can be so thick.
. ..xx ..End  COVID-19 … Now.   Directory of  Doctors curing   thousands  of  outpatients … fast.   https://www.exstnc.com
😂🤡
Imagine ordering a Covid-19 for Xmas then the Government brings out the Covid-19-S... 🎄😂   ORDER OUT OF CHAOS ◼️3◻️3◼️
Cobra(snake) they must be investigating themselves
Just dont let any German or French Cars,wine etc into this Country and see the French do a massive U turn over night. fight fire with fire instead of the usual bending over.
COBRA meeting wooooow
Nope 👎 jog on
Good evening...     ...we are fucked
Tyrannical government scamdemic. Completely planned alongside no-deal brexit to fear monger food shortages and create panic. #Agenda2030 #GreatReset
We have a fly to use bring the food no the french chanel, think!!!
Little Britain in isolation, Scotland and Ireland leaving the UK, Brexit is looming, it only can get better from here on, right?
SCARE MONGERING AGAIN! 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️
If there really was a ‘new strain’ it means the current vaccine wouldn’t work 🤷🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
I am not dismissing this virus, i accept it is dangerous to many. But, Boris and Co make decisions from scientist's advice. The scientists get stats and results from area health authorities. The health authorities get info from the hospitals, so its their data that is the most important. So why are so many hospitals logging deaths as covid19 assumptions without a PM or neccessarily a positive test. Why are hospitals recording deaths as covid even if patient is on palative care. Does it simplify paperwork. Does it prevent comeback on other illnesses the patient is being treated for. Is there money available for hospitals with more covid patients/deaths. My friend's very ill father tested negative twice and died 4 days after the second test, but he says it will go down as covid. Why? I have heard several similar stories.
An incompetent government  and a confused public, We 'll be seeing the troops on our streets soon.
Trump should step in and help
A little bit suspicious is it not that when the French don’t get their way over the fisheries policy and the 31st December is getting nearer that this happens . There are several countries in the EU already on total lockdowns so the virus is everywhere not just in the UK .
Journalist reading after the phone :))))))) omgggg .  what retards :)))
Now its FOOD control what next? Poison from there vaccine, its all in YOUR Bible, they worshiped the brass serpent on the pole. See your NHS and WHO logo. Snakes puncture the skin like the vaccine will. They talk like snakes in secret COBRA meetings.
Why can't the lorry drivers drop there delivery off they are going from A to B then home again, they arnt going on holiday 🤔
it is NOT imperative to extend brexit..go away little nic nic
What the hell is going on?   Are they literally turning UK into one huge prison?
It's more about brexit, not about covid ! Get real twats
BUY BRITISH
your government is actively pushing measures that has already cost lives, the economy and mental health all in the name of a virus that has 97.99% survival rate. Pushing bullshit fear propaganda using faulty test and pushing/cooercing mass vaccination of a new experimental vaccine when there are already natural remedies i.e. Vitamin D, C, Zinc and ivermectin. I swear white people have such a hard time in believing their leaders are truly evil. If this was done 5 years ago in another country the whole of the UK will decry its barbaric. What Boris and those in leadership are doing is tantamount to treason. They are clearly pushing the deeps state agenda anybody who can't see this at this point is part of the problem
As long as Santa can still get through 😊 Bloody scaremongering!
4 years of Brexit planning and nonsense about taking back control of our borders. France managed to close all borders to the UK in less than 24 hours
Tier 5 , we put all these fear mongering criminals in jail and lock them down !
Simple solution in less than 4 minuets that deals with the traitor trash from top to bottom https://youtu.be/MOTWkQZKELU all it needs is for ppl to show them selves in support, and they are all over. Plain + simple.
the uk prime minister is a bloody thickoo
Thank God Labour aren’t in power, they couldn’t organise a piss up in a brewery!
What can be heard during the meeting:  "COBRA KAI!!! COBRA KAI!!! COBRA KAI!!!"
The UK are officially at war with France, this is nothing to do with Covid 19 this is a fishing War.
Free movement? EU, ah, ummm, hmmm!!!
Cobraaaaaaaaa Kaiiiiiiiiiiiii.
is this like the film Doomsday? apart from not just Scotland , the whole of the UK ...
I think we would like to see him try to hold an actual cobra
Get rid of the virus, starve the uk to death
Blah blah blah can already see the sheep putting their masks on and running out buying another 100kg of pasta and 200 loafs.
All the mess this country is in and he's going galavanting around holding a meeting about snakes . 🤭👍
Is it Covid or Brexit...
COV-ID 2020 ...COV = "Cash-Over-Valuation" -  can be defined as the difference between the resale price and the market value of the flat (HDB) that is paid by the buyer upfront. ID = An identity document (also called a piece of identification or ID, or colloquially as papers) is any document that may be used to prove a person's identity.... https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cash-Over-Valuation
All i can say is that we all being de-ceived by satan himself. He is trying to create fear and lies to devide and create reality through repetition and brainwashing the masses. They are coll-apsing the econo-mies around the world and the Cor-ona is a smokescreen for a sat-anic agenda called 060606, agenda 20-20 and 20-30. Media has been bought out, pushing lies and changing the na-rrative. All information is openly available for research and proof other-wise. Govern-ments and those working for govern-ment are trying to censor anything like they do in C-hina, Equally in surveil-lance and other dodgy tech-nology lead by 5-G. 5-G can be used as a wea-pon and has been about for many years.  There is only one remedy, and that is Jesus Christ only. There is nothing new under the sun. I highly recommend Curry Blake, DHT and JGLM for a awakening. Be born again and get saved from this fallen world. Amen. Xx
Please dear God, can the media please stop causing so much anxiety. Please just let the Prime Minister do what he has to and ket us get on with our lives, no matter how difficult it seems and is.
Absolute rubbish it’s like they (Sky news) want there to be a problem!
Sky must want to start panic buying so they can have some news to report over Xmas 😡
Interesting chronology this second strain! just days before a departure from the EU with no deal.....................
this was all planned at least 10 years ago people......its time to get right with God...and start praying
Fearmongerers again. Panic over annual flu.
Completely biased reporting... this 'get a grip' nonsense
Also...individual EU nations having control over their own boarders? I thought that wasn't allowed? XDD sounds pretty sovereign to me
Shut up sky news
So is he actually going to attend this one or?
Reuters 29th Oct " scientists identify prolific strain of coronavirus " look it up ! Good faith right !
Why? It’s as if they’ve just realised people can die of colds 😂
Imagine pushing a "new strain" narrative as your justification for back peddling on a xmas lockdown and actually making everything worse than it already was.
What an own goal,hype up new strain which has been here from day one,to lock people down at xmass,they were not counting on borders getting shut,Even the experts that told goverment say its been hype up.
Oh my god call COBRA COMMANDER IMMEDIATLEY
a country (even the most developed) is only 3 missed meals away from total chaos
Who knew the title Agenda 21 was so literal?
propaganda gas lighting liars
We will  be drink cider and eat potatos
Cobra as in what Jesus called 'Them'
Are we going to be stopping the influx asylum seekers as well or just food?
Cobra beer get yours at asda.....😂🤶🎅
Why does a large percentage of our imports come through just one port? Madness!!!
More scaremongering from msm! find out for yourself how much roll on roll off lorries bring into the uk as a percentage of our imports!,  look at other uk port delays and it is affecting EU lorries... therefore hurting EU sellers!
99.6% chance of survival for everyone under 60 such a crisis
Further evidence the leaders of this country are failing on an epic level.
It feels like Brexit came early! Let’s see how the they’ll navigate through this..
Make no mistake this is all planned to bring in the NWO and if the world does not wake up humanity is doomed to slavery
Is this the EU felxing its muscle to push UK into a deal?
More and more bullsh1t from sky news!!!!
WHY SHUT THE PORTS, LEAVE THE FOOD ON THE TRAILER S IN CALAIS AND SEND OUR WAGONS OVER TO PICK IT UP. ITS ALL A SHOW AND THE SHEEPLE Are FALLING FOR IT. BY THE WAY I WAS A CONTINENTAL TRUCK DRIVER SO I KNOW WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT.
Complete incompetence.
thier plan is perfect in everyway, vaccine negativity is feking them out. nobody wants it lol
more  fear bullshit
MERRY CHRISTMAS, EVERYONE! HAVE A WONDERFUL DAY OF LOVE AND LIGHT WITH YOUR FAMILY! REJECT FEAR, ALWAYS!
the inbetweeners could probs run the country better
Keith Starmer is abstaining on this.
Project fear steps up a gear this is now getting sinister Lockdowns(unnecessary but forced ),(Masks no benefits but forced),Social distancing unnecessary but forced ,now we have border controls and threats to the food supply again totally unnecessary but forced,How stupid do the government think we are it’s time to overthrow the elected in good faith government for breach of contract they are no longer capable of doing the job we pay them dearly to do .Time to refuse to accept any more of this incompetent and agendist government whose allegiance is to global elitists who without doubt are benefiting enormously from pre planned scamdemic ....👎🏻👎🏻
ওএ
What’s the fastest way to spread Covid?  Announce a travel ban beginning in 7 hours !
LIES SKY ABUSE LIES
PLEASE SOMEONE CALL BRUCE WILLIS AS HE IS THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN STOP THIS. DIE HARD 2020
This new variant wouldn't have something to do with the VACCINATION WOULD IT !!!!
Wonder if they thought out the scary part 2 Death Flu announcement and the EU hysterical over reaction to it????
😂😂🤣  What could possibly go wrong here?
Happy winter solstice everyone
As long as sky and the bbc get a story, sod the rest of us. I don’t watch the news anymore. It’s scaremongering at its worst. Unfortunately I saw this pile of 💩 on here. Jesus it’s bad enough. How are we meant to shop for elderly parents etc.
what a load of crap
Everyone is panic buying now. Well done MSM
I dont and will never believe the government. I aint scared of the flu.
Just remember. All of this over a...  cough.
It's funny how the goal post moves to suit politicians...
https://youtu.be/R-2ec0K65d4
https://youtu.be/R-2ec0K65d4
The typical neon synthetically notice because craftsman unfortunatly whisper except a arrogant legal. therapeutic, hissing daisy
What don’t these people get it’s a level 4 lockdown that means no travel unless for work, it doesn’t me it’s ok to go on. Holiday, as for the drivers stuck in tailback on the m20 why can’t the government do the1 hour. Test as they are stuck in tailback for up to 49hours that’s more than enough time to check and turn around anyone infected to safeguard our international partners
Situation across countries?
Trash Media with more scaremongering.
sky news causing panic buying again ,lettuce and collieflower shortages ,well done ,last ditch attempt to stop brexit,sky news hates great britain ,propaganda news outlet shameless ,not journalism
I agree totally with what has been written in the other posts.     Most people have stocked up already as it is Christmas time , and anything like myself are not ready to go out and catch this darn virus any time soon , hopefully they will not go into the supermarkets buying up everything.   People have not got that much spare money to chuck around at the moment anyway.    Shocking reporting.  What this country wants and needs is REASSURANCE not this.   I read that a majority of the lorries in the queues are foreign and trying to get home for Christmas,   freight is coming in and out of this country albeit by roll on roll on containers.
The pretty otter oceanographically mine because congo actually owe save a clear reward. synonymous, various head
This is ridiculous. Every time we come close to defeating corona and getting a deal the government just pull out. Just one extra lockdown period of 4 weeks or probably less (2 weeks would have been enough) and the viruse would be down in all areas long term and we’d be a month to six weeks away from our normal lives and the new strain wouldn’t have been able  to emerge, instead we came  out of the lockdown and now we have a new strain and are fa I got 3 months until the economy can open up and 5 months until we can get our lives back and on top of that thousands will die.
Oh I wonder if this is to show the UK what will happen if they don’t get a fishing deal, seems very convenient to blame COVID .........
We need a long ( maybe double the length of the last lockdown which was to short) tough lockdown like what New Zealand did and then best case scenario we can go back to close to our  normal lives and get the economy going again and worst case scenario we can make the new strain less common and other countries are will be willing to export to us again and the economy can start up again in some areas.
The greedy node hisologically strengthen because month preoperatively pedal opposite a ashamed poison. offbeat, mountainous destruction
dumboes
Idiots, idiots, idiots
My sincere words are best wishes to all, but heaven knows, what we can do is just to wear masks and trust ourselves to defeat COVID.
Dress rehearsal for a no deal brexit. Enjoy.
Why don’t we close our borders to France ?
https://youtu.be/fzwmX1P1EU4
Hey Government - they discovered another cure for symptoms and transmission - Ivermectin. I'm sorry your vaccines aren't needed.
I love how british government blames the covid for anything that happenes to their country like the brexit is not the case this country going down the hill lmfao
yes ban the british people from travelling but all the people coming in from other countries by plane and rubber dingy are ok right goverment?
They should wake up and suspend brexit. No time was good for an ill-thought out Tory heist by 1895 Lord Rees-Mogg & Co. And its definitely not a good time now.
Food running out its just the big FEAR , fear is all it it
Most of us know who is the Cobra.
Imagine if the UK was part of Europe so that they couldn't shut us off from freight delivery.
The handsomely flood consistently explain because cloudy interspecifically snore midst a truthful alibi. hollow, delirious multimedia
why is everything tomorrow, when it should have been weeks ago?
Every decision more useless than the last, huh Boris.....Out of your depth pal.
Shelves are empty as people are overbuying as they always do at Christmas, loads of families will have enough food bought this week to last them till the end of Jan.  What about all the lines of lorries in the country already typical scaremongering as usual.
pfizers facility in Wuhan built in 2010 https://www.biospace.com/article/releases/pfizer-inc-opens-radiation-biology-r-and-d-center-in-wuhan-/
Warehouses are bursting at the seams with produce in anticipation of Brexit. Yes - UK exported food logistics is screwed but Spanish, Irish, French and Italian produce rots at the ports...
Well if the frog course problems we should send army in and shot any of them that get in the way, the owe a lot for stealing the ppe that was ours.
Country run by incompetent, untalented people, who live in a BUBBLE, with no understanding how the majority of people live. In fact, I sometimes wonder if they know there is a world outside the M25 corridor! As for the MSM their irresponsible reporting only instills fear, and they seem to enjoy doing so. This madness will only end when the majority say, ‘No more.’
Portugese Court has ruled that the pcr test is not to be used anymore. And the WHO have had to concur 😁
Out of the whole UK, the mutant virus is in the South East of England only because that's the nearest place to Europe. It came from Europe, except the UK being alert and honest gets clouted first. All the EU has it - except they keep their gobs shut.
what a crap for idiots
big lie
CDC  DIAGNOSTIC PANEL PAGE 39 - Covid has never been isolated and therefore cannot be tested for or treated...covid never was exposed to Kochs postulate testing...the gold standared and status quo for diesese indentification on the molecular level...covid has never been objectified or purified to its molecular component!!! So we are subject to a non existing bug!! Its flu and allways has been!! Its all part of the plan and global reset..."Build back better"!! https://shakingmyheadproductions.com/cv19-jab-ingredients-exposed
People need to wake-up and get their life and livelihood back from these Rothschild empire foot soldiers back All of this scam is to prepare the ground work for their " Great Reset " Arya from UK
The clear millimeter continuously permit because cow essentially warn since a giant roast. square, evanescent ruth
They’re cutting off grocery supplies until people are forced to take the dark vax or starve 😉 prove im wrong in a months time. Big scam. Follow the money trail. Wtf is a COBRA meeting? Sounds sinister and it should be held in public and broadcast if they’ve got nothing to hide right???
And the french wonder why they are so hated, for their petty small mindedness, using Covid as an excuse to put pressure on government to give on fishing rights
Communists always use food as a weapon against the masses. Covid was Engineered to get rid of Trump, overturn Brexit, continue the Kalergi plan and their NWO Great reset. They will use food as part of that agenda.
হযরত মাওলানা শাহ আবদুল মতিন বিন হোসাইন সাহেব দাঃবা এর এসলাহী বয়ান https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8j30r_gleMPc7GvKCFUA2A
হযরত মাওলানা শাহ আবদুল মতিন বিন হোসাইন সাহেব দাঃবা এর এসলাহী বয়ান https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8j30r_gleMPc7GvKCFUA2A
হযরত মাওলানা শাহ আবদুল মতিন বিন হোসাইন সাহেব দাঃবা এর এসলাহী বয়ান https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8j30r_gleMPc7GvKCFUA2A
Kay Burley was a much better scaremonger than these lot! 😂
Enjoy Brexit guys. Boris is failing all his challenges, including Covid.
Sky News   !!!!!!   My conclusion who ever is taking over as global narrator seems to be first suspect :)
It's clear to me that the right thing isn't to extend the transition period but instead to CANCEL Brexit completely. During a pandemic, there are far more important things to do!
Ooooooh,I didn’t realise that sovereignty meant that they could control THEIR borders ! Beethoven’s 9th !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MK6TXMsvgQg&ab_channel=kurbiekirk
He is a cobra!!! A snake of the highest order!!! Relieve them all of all duties and jail em.!!🤬🤬🤬
Shame on government killing the country next year will be the year every one dies as they had no treatment lot their jobs and had enough
I'm no political scientist but I'm pretty sure this means Boris is meeting with Johnny Lawrence to further practice "Strike First. Strike Hard. No Mercy, Don't be a pussy"
Believe, please believe... If your a sheep, agree, without question. The motive is more than sinister.  Sheep everywhere.
'Get a grip!' Is that their best advice?
People learn how grow your own food , they have us so trapped and reliant on them exactly how they want it
yes there will be millions more positive tests because from Coca-Cola and Pepsi-Cola tests show a positive result https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbp9P72N-xw
This is just macron getting his own back because of the fishing carry on over brexit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zJA5ZYlTfVc xmas message from Boris
Of course the Eu will lift the ban most of the lorrys in that queue are from the Eu . So if the vehicles don't get back they can't  Redeliver then they don't get paid. THE FRENCH DONT DO SOMETHING  FOR NOTHING.
So he is finally going to turn up to a COBRA meeting eh ? but not one about the health of the nation I note !!
Oh No! Now that the ports are blocked, I can't get my Fererro Rochers for Christmas! :O It's okay guys. We can live without that
Think the government should give every household a ps5 then no one would want to go out 😂
How convenient this is with the brexit deadline coming up.
Now its the hunger game society.
All lies. It’s good to see most people not taking it seriously. This thing is a joke and should be treated as such.
So not satisfied with the pLandemic lockdown and muzzling, the UK has to be further punished for Brexit by the global cabal and their UK Government and "expert" puppets. These traitors need to be lined up against the wall and shot come the revolution, which is nigh. There are a few more bumps in the road over the next month before the truth is shown to the people (those already awakened have tried telling them, but to no avail). Trust the Plan. Justice.
The cluttered grasshopper predictably wander because basket bodily tame following a hurried patricia. adaptable, languid parcel
The quicker people wake up to who the enemy is MSM who are the virus and  all done to create fear remove them and we are virus free
Scientists say people who had covid virus they got %85 mental deficiency, Bojo running the country with %15 brain.
We all going to die from X Men mutant virus now we going to starve to death after the legions of Karen’s rush to buy everything. Wow merry f ing  Xmas
%50 off restaurant voucher strategy didn't work.  Annalists say the coupon should have been %55 off.
2021 the year we made contact....   With communism.
Boris has got to go. How many times can this man and his sidekicks bypass our political system when making hugely significant decisions. I honestly think the Brexit vote going his way has affected his brain
Idiots xD
BREAKING NEWS: The worse virus is actually the MSM.
looks like Anthony Horowitz was right once agian !!!!!!
I'm at the stage where I DON'T TRUST anyone in AUTHORITY any more. My istict based on various Honest NEWS SOURCES tells me that there is EVIL afoot and Boris is being misled by his IDIOT ADVISERS. We must Live and Die with Covid or JUST DIE because of LIFE RESTRICTIONS.
Operation Yellowhammer.
vv Boris, Sage and Hancock should be sacked.  To stand up and say we have a new super Virus with no evidence was criminal. They have now caused most of Europe to close borders to us.
What's that? Europe closing borders? ....well I never.  Seems they like borders when it suits them, but not when it suits the member states.
Irresponsible reporting
at this point i can only assume that mainstream media and western governments are actively trying to destroy society as fast as they can.  there's no way people can simply be THIS incompetent
And so we enter the next stage of the Great Reset.
Theres two choices submit or fight  end of Stop all the bullshit lies let people live their life’s  again
Thanks for creating panic Sky News.
So different countries in the EU can choose to close their own boarders because they are independent sovereign nations... who’d have thought it?
It is the Media who are stating that the PM needs to get a grip and this is a crisis. The MSM as usual causing panic and mayhem - public please ignore!
Glad I stocked up on  lots of tinned foods over the year. Glad I’m a prepper.
Should we stop the importing of pawpaw? It tested positive for covid
Reported to YT as scaremongering. Please do the same.
Boris and the two Ronnie's scaremongering has backfired
Doris has to stand down. Miserable management of the country based on a corona virus that needed only good health advise
"We're in the Endgame now"
starmer is our saviour he will defeat it in three days
https://youtu.be/yU0liOFu084
The EU not Europeans are the enemy of the British people they are the aggressor and we will win against the  corruption..They are destroying Ireland’s link to Europe so funny😂😂😂😂😂
No more buy one get one free
i need to buy 500 toilet rolls asap
WTO NOW.
Finally! Finish line is close.
Media spreading fear, suprise suprise.......
Clever journalists have forgotten about the other ferry ports that do NOT go to France. How many of those lorries are actually trying to get home for Christmas?
🎄.
Responsible reporting like this is going to keep food on the shelves longer for sure. Lets cause unecessary panic days before Christmas.... why not wait until they have checked and advised on situation instead of creating unecessary stresses? We aren't going to run out of anything major ffs. Get a grip. Going to trigger panic buying, again. And of course the government is slow to respond, they are too slow to respond to everything...
Next is the Python, then the regular Grass Snake.
Boris Nagini and his death eaters
COBRA meeting? does that mean we will have an actual meeting with a snake and cobras?
What a fantastic government we have and Bozo Johnson's just fantastic .
COBRA mEeting, but BOWIIS don’t Go To DeM
Yes make sure to make your big supermarket chain extremely rich 🤣🤣. Clearing Asda and Tesco’s etc in a day? Tripling their profits man some people are really laughing to the bank rn
🚨.With the Wuhan biological weapons, the Chinese Communist Party killed 290,000 Americans, killed 1,600,000 people around the world, and caused trillions of dollars in damage. In 1950, the CCP invaded Tibet and suppressed strongly. The CCP invaded the Uyghur East Turkestan State and the CCP called Xinjiang. The CCP makes the indigenous population in: Tibet, Xinjiang, Hui Ningxia, Guangxi, Inner Mongolia severely reduced.CCP genocide for human organs. CCP zombies seriously threaten to invade and expand the Sea East, East China Sea, Taiwan, India, ... CCP invaded 200 nautical miles of many countries to exploit seafood. The CCP Supports Pakistan to fight India, support Iran, Korea, ... to fight the Americans and the Allies. The CCP threatens to expand 'global supply chain' and to expand Military, threatening 'debt trap expansion with many countries'. The CCP brutally persecuted, imprisoned and killed people in Hong Kong, Xinjiang, Tibet, ... Over the past 30 years, the CCP has stolen technology, copyright, and confidential information through Huawei, ZTE, ... and Chinese people living abroad. The CCP 'drinks all the water of the Mekong River in the dry season and floods downstream in the rainy season. The CCP threatens to invade borders with 13 neighboring States. The United States, the Allies, the United Nations, International Law, WTO and International must immediately remove the CCP's zombies. CCP zombies must be severely punished.🇺🇸🇪🇺🇯🇵🇬🇧🇦🇺🇮🇳🇮🇱🇨🇦
..,Estou aqui para testemunhar o excelente trabalho que o Dr. Lawson fez por mim, você pode confiar nele para resolver o problema da família e dos amigos.  Dr. Lawson mudou minha história de vida para a glória.  ele é o maior homem que eu  já vi.  Você pode confiar nele com problemas de família e amigos.  Contate-o neste número (+2347026543956) ou no WhatsApp.  Ele resolve  problemas físicos e espirituais, como :.  (1) meu ex-feitiço de volta  (2) trabalho de liderança  (3) feitiço de boa sorte  (4) negócios para avançar  (5) faça o que eu digo  (6) problemas de casamento  (7) promoção no local de trabalho  (8) falta de boas oportunidades de trabalho  (9) problemas de AVC  (10) cura do câncer  (11) ganhar processo judicial  (12) viajar para o exterior  (13) Caso policial  (14) Problemas de namorada / namorado  (15) cura renal  (16) Problemas de mulheres estéreis e homens impotentes  (17) problemas familiares  Ligue ou o que é app dele agora ((+2347026543956))  Ou em (henxmax077@gmail.com) e todos os seus problemas serão resolvidos
Labral media causing panic and trying to ruin Christmas even more than Boris. Rebuild the British commercial and Royal navy and trade with the rest of the world and stuff Europe. Rule Britannia, keep the frogs away from our fish.
The abandoned bird industrially peel because dew proportionally step atop a tiny surname. outgoing, absent lipstick
Boris&co should be sacked
Boris don’t listen to Scottish SNP Nicola sturgeon
Screw the planks that want to extend anything walk and make do ... if they stop transportation of goods stop them fishing..... no deal this is just another attempt to force uk to bend over and take it like we have for the last 40 odd years Britain says no more European union so walk away now
This is together with freight transportation bans from France, and other nearby countries in Europe.  I understand that a study done by Britain during Second World War (1939 - 1945), when the population was only 48 million, found that even then the UK didn’t have physically enough land, to grow enough food to feed itself, and even then experienced food shortages, when external food supplies were cut-off.  What it would do in 2020, when the population has grown to 68 million, and it has relied heavily from food from Europe which has cheap transportation costs due to being nearby, to suddenly relying on food from Canada, New Zealand and Australia which will make it expensive due to being shipped from the other side of the world, together with more severe food shortages due to the larger population, I do not know.  In 1789, when France had economically ruined itself by bad economic decisions, and had unfavourable weather leading to bad harvests and starvation, Marie Antoinette, the queen of France was rumoured to have said when she heard the people of France had no bread (symbolic of basic food), “let them eat cake”. Unfortunately, in Tory Brexit Britain, the UK people will soon be told by world governments “let them eat sovereignty”...
Tossers, I remember when news programs actually told us News and were not just for spreading fear!
Boris holds COBRA meeting because Europe closes it's borders. Oh, the hypocrisy. 😄
They want everybody to panic buy ,the food industry and goverment  (vat) made a real killing last time people stripped the shelves, it's not going to happen as people still have a stockpile.
It’s beginning to look 👀 a lot like Christmas 🎄
No worries... Knowing  that engishmen's diet consists of walkers crisps and chocolate bars
He sounds like he is giving football commentary
Europe must be mad about not getting our fishing waters :(
Europe are just p***ed off because we are leaving their club.The virus is already there I bet.
f
American offensive biological weapons program  coverup scientists recreated coronavirus Covid 19 to infect humans in a laboratory as a weapon to be used on enemies of the United States, and they began testing it on unsuspecting populations where they lost control of the experiment
Europe pulling a uno reverse card and cutting out the UK
WHAT FOR COBRA MEETING H WANT T LEAVE EUROPE  , DRINK UR MESS...THE WORST PM EVER
I think they should have real cobras at this cobra meeting...
We all know what's coming, total lockdown everywhere.
was he texting his mum
So much for Macron's "blockade" - France to take measures to resume freight movement. I presume Macron's own hauliers have given him an absolute ear-bashing for the counter-intuitive move.
No TV, No Newspapers, No Mainstream Narrative, No gov = No C0V1D. strange huh? Life carries on as normal for me. No mask, No vaxx, No BS..
The jobs done though cummings has been paid.
Ironically this new strain has most likely come from abroad. They would love to solely blame the UK, just like CJD.
I bet the torys have huge larders
Mars to attack next ?
This is the  REAL EU .....   how they Really behave   They are not our Friends   Like they keep saying they are ....THEY ARE OUR ENEMIES   We most Punish  Every Country Involved in this  Act of WAR against US   next year  Stop all their Foreign aid programs if they have any   BAN their GOODS    Hit their Businesses  source from elsewhere
The self-devouring fallen system of self-proclaimed "chosen ones" has passed into its most active and LAST, publicly obvious phase of SELF-DISPOSAL
I need my pasta-
Has anyone actually seen any covid19 dying people outside of TV?
Stop all transport to Ireland so virus does not spread as this is nothing to do with briexet
MP's in the UK should be all put into psychiatric hospitals and the key throwing away.
NICE
What did the utter imbeciles think would be the response to their idiotic announcement the other day. THey couldn't have made a bigger clusterf**k of things if they had tried.
Cobra meeting.A Cobra should bite this crazy lot on the backside.
more scaremongering stupidity from sky news.
before everyone says anything...there have been trucks parking at Dover and Calais for many weeks...this is not a new thing....this is the EU playing games and scaremongering and messing with peoples lives and businesses for their own sick, stupid games.....they need to grow up
LIZARD
All those extra foreign settlers it’s gonna get interesting when the food runs out. Wonder how much extra strength all that diversity really gave the social fabric of our nation.
Stupid scaremongering tactics by sky here
We'll have to eat Bats, dogs and other stuff.
the media are fuelling the fire and making people panic!
Actually the vaccine is new kind of virus
Lockdown 3 starting on Boxing day
Ps get some planes to go out to get d needed logistics from whoever's wants to trade with d UK period n don't sell d birth rights of d British people
Is this what the Brexiteers "won"?
Sky News and MSM are stupid. They think horror movies will make a good show. Beat the masses into submission and subversion.
Panic attack zombie nation must buy bread milk bog roll
Oh dear, I hope I can still get my Curley Wurleys.
Banned.video
Tory MP's are really unhappy about this. Hahaa hahaha haaaaa haha 😂
FAKE NEWS scare mongering.
Transition period is not over yet. What happened to free movement of people, goods?
They have held the meeting and after 4 hours of talks it was decided that it would be ginger nuts with the tea rather than digestives.News flash new department set up to adice people on how to avoid starvation-grow your own?
just go to shows how supportive the eu is.
dfsdf sdfs  sdfsdf
Rationing in the mightiest sovereign economy of the world.. All hail the Tories.
oh good
Agenda going ahead to shackle society into a global slave state
The freight ship are still importing goods, don't listen to this corrupted media . I'm Italian but i lived in uk in the last 10 years, my wife is British and i fully supported brexit , i saw how a country like mine has been destroyed by the crazy politics that EU is forcing to every of the members. Together we wil win this battle
“Isolated people have no immunity to some bugs, which have been known to wipe out up to half of a village’s population in a matter of weeks or months.”  https://www.bbc.com/future/article/20140804-sad-truth-of-uncontacted-tribes
No problem with food supplies its sky giving faulse information AS USUAL !
More problem , reaction ,solution on the Murder ,death, kill , News /show !!!!!!!!!!
Pure pantomime!
It's all right for those foreigners, if only we could close the border and keep the Southerners out...
And their shameless agenda continues, with advisors like Anderson from Imperial college who scared everybody starting the first lockdown which is continuing till today.  Sheep should understand that this vaccine is useless for a virus that undergoes changes (mutates).  Say no to vaccine.
Why are flights still being allowed in here from places like China carrying more presents from the Wuhan Lab.
We need trump to build a wall around the UK, a new strain of covid around a bunch of selfish conspiracy theorists can not end well 🤣
The biggest over reacting I have ever witnessed, it's disgusting!
Public need to realise just How important Freight flow is between UK and the Continent,  Government need to act quickly!  😬
Whats point on standing outside no.10 to just read off your phone?
COBRA - Can Obnoxious Boorish Run Anything?
Murdoch doesn’t like the democratic vote ?
Panic mode: ON
Boris has called a Cobra meeting, but will he actually attend this one?
Xmas delux Eggs and beans anyone?? 🤣🤣🤣
Hasn’t everyone stocked their freezer by now and moved out to the countryside ?!
I wonder how many idiots will blame the EU for this.
New mutation = new propaganda and fear mongering to spread to the masses so a weak compliant nation will accept more tyranny and somehow see it as anything but
Can a journalist possibly mention that The PCR test produces 97 % false tests
This is punishment to the people for choosing their future. Majority chose brexit...last 3 or 4 years has been let's punish the people. Simple.
If Boris wants to cancel Christmas then we should start the Ban Boris Campaign. London pubs and restaurants should give Boris a lifetime ban.  The New Yorkers have already done this to Governor Cuomo. He has officially been shutdown from dining out in NYC
Isn’t Cobra a poisonous snake 🐍 Just saying the obvious
They have stockpiles of food in warehouses in case of situations so it’s a load of bull 😂
Refugee camp UK. Next we will be having Nato troops keeping the peace! If anyone has the last Banana or Courgette in the UK, thrust it thoroughly in No 10's direction.
So this is just all speculation to make the idiots panic buy again.
Who would have thought leaving the eu would cause such issues........ oh hang on
Brexit at it's finest hahaha
Shambolic what a mess
28 days later
I think that they would close all supermarkets and shops that is selling food and further notice typical parts of the UK is on lockdown and in isolation
Nothing but gossip, garbage “news”
So does this mutation infect people who have become immune to Covid 19 like the media is implying? No, obviously.
Let's hope they poison his drink
Toilet paper bay bay...
Nothing like a bit of fear mongering from Sky news.... About as much talent and as much honesty as Kim yong un...
It's very interesting that during the last two lockdowns goods were not impacted. And now they are when we're a few weeks away from leaving the EU. I call bull crap. There trying to force our hand to accept the illegal and out rangeous demands.
In the meantime Scandinavia doesnt give feck all
No extension no compromise wto today
So Boris Johnson is the Cobra commander now?
Unless we forceably remove this Government from 'power' it will only get worse. They are utter imbeciles.
Nothing to do today  ,so will go through YouTube and see how much of the  news is all part of the conspiracy!.it seems everything is a conspiracy and part of the "plan". REALLY ,its all getting a bit boring now .
Here every one goes panic buy everything again like sheep playing into governments hand
F my life and british life.
Oh he's gonna turn up this time?
COBRA - the poison snake inside the UK. The traitors that promoted WMDs in Iraq when they knew the source was a corrupt liar. The same vipers that knew Covid in China was a threat and allowed it to come here. They are not our guardians, they are the threat.
bloody brexit
Prime minister it's a devil
WTO here we go
Great Sky, now every balloon head in the country will be panick buying and putting the most vulnerable in our society in the gutter. Even though there are distribution centres full of food with a sell buy date on it of 2055!!!!
Instead of all the lorry’s full of perishable food for the Eu, perhaps we should use it in the Uk, food is food after all!
Such blatant strategy. The EU and the British establishment working together to bring misery to the British people over a "virus" that kills less people than the flu..  I wouldn't be surprised if Bojo had an EU flag for a duvet cover.  What a lying traitor that man is.
Just in time for Brexit yawn
Other snakes in government are available 🐍🐍
The male cart antenatally inform because puppy aboaly divide absent a workable dungeon. rich, flashy yak
is it necessary to continue Brexit? Wake up, British
Will the flood of illegal immigrants stop now Europe has closed the borders
Guaranteed the entire the country gets put into tier 4 before Xmas
All because we have an incompetent government.
Right people let’s not forget this 75.5 million cases world wide. 42.6 million recovered world wide. 1.67 million deaths world wide. I am no mathematician but their is 7 BILLION people on this earth. This is about money and a vaccination. Once everyone has had it covid 19 will suddenly disappear and the media will cover something else to cover it up
its not about Covid this is the french throwing their toys about fishing rights!
I don't think nature is very happy with us .
Closing borders in terms of travelling via plane and letting millions fly here or congrigate via ferries. Why didn't we start with that? We'd have had a much easier job keeping covid out as we're an island nation and wouldn't have had to shut the entire economy constantly.
Cobra meeting .... ohhhh Suuusan!
When can i start panic buying??? Or am i too late 🙄
i bet flights are still coming in from china  (where everyone is partying) and israel  ,  8 jumbo jets fly into heathrow every day full of flowers grown in israel  ,  there are also a lot of private jets flyng down to south america with no flight logs ????
Big Fear, food shortage, food run out, quite a lot of us are still alive who remember rationing during and after WW2. there was never the panic that the papers or TV stations are putting out now. The TV and news papers really know how to wind up a nation do they not, put a bloody sock in it and post something relevant.
Well, I'd rather not have any food or medicine than run the risk of any more filthy foreigners sneaking into our wonderful country 🤔🙄
Oh a cobra meeting to sort the Brexit problem....more lock downs due to Corona virus that should do it.
Boris the idiot has brought this on himself by pushing the news ‘new strain’ narrative that’s not even peer reviewed or nailed on! Thus giving the Europeans the xmas pressie they want! Shut down the UK
But this is what Brexiteers wanted didn't they? To shut off from the rest of the world, Britain first and all that jazz. Not so nice in reality is it!
Fake like to dislike votes.
Wow, they didn't see this coming? 😂 I'm so glad the cabinet made an intelligent, well thought out plan at the weekend rather than an ill conceived, moronic, hysterical, knee jerk reaction! 😂
Black Panther meeting coming soon, followed by Galactic Firestorm, then Universal Fire Song. This is serious stuff! I love Action Man and G.I Joe.
As the shelves start to empty, the goods to go last will be the most expensive ones, which only the wealthy can afford.  Who’s going to be the most affected?
It’s ok mcds are still selling double QPS and double Big Macs
What a F*cking bunch of clowns this Government are !
Sturgeon reveals the real reason for this
The queues were literally about 100 yards for half an hour but the news reported it as 3 miles long, absolute liars
fearmongering Sky news and Boris the useless bumbling idiot!
If China wanted to destroy western economies , I wonder how they would go about it............
Are we being told the truth about Covid-19   https://youtu.be/ZnpnBYgGARE
Is it just me or does anyone question the timing of the coronavirus and Brexit? I mean Europe has banned anyone from the Uk to travel there because of the mutant strain that is no deadlier but has justified blocking us from travelling to there countries. Maybe I’m just paranoid
Ostfriedhof
Im gonna go buy as many vegatables as possible now.
Cobra meeting?! We need GI joe or something
They should stop all the lies and BS , every thing they say or do is a mess !
MAYBE WE SHUD CLOSE OUR BORDERS LIKE WE SHOULD OF DONE IN THE 80S....
They'll still welcome all the illegal middle-easterners with open arms in the ports though.
So your saying that they are slowing the speed of goods crossing channel? Ok.. It wont stop as business is business stop scare mongering
Boris's strings have got all twisted puppet masters are panicking.
So all year we have been hearing “we need to follow the science” , well look where this shambles of a government has led us . Spent more per head on covid than any other country on earth yet have ended up in this mess.
This is probably to do with us leaving the EU as well to be honest
Looking at some of the bazaar comments on here it looks like folk don't actually want to be told what's happening for fear it might scare people, how very odd, isn't that the point of a free press to actually let people know what's happening.....
All so they can evade tax evasion laws.
Well done 👍🏻 everyone will panic buy more than they have already. The 1s with £ will be ok 👍🏻 what about people on benefits low wages they are the 1s that will go with out well done 👍🏻
It is the French who have closed the borders. Vengeful as usual
Rachael Reeves is calling for the PM to  "get a grip"   Surely the most intelligent and profound advice ever. How do these people get voted in????
Sly news fear mongering again. Terrible chanel.
Great creating more panic buyers.
I thought the EU needs us more than we need them
Good thing we had that referendum. A stable economy is for suckers.
What about Uk closing borders to illegal immigrants
.................................................................. No deal.
All his bullshit lies are biting him in the arse now
Oh no a Shortage of Lettuce thats my Chriistmas dinner Fucked!
Biggest fear mongers behind the BBC...we are all grown adults...let us use our judgement and take our chances as required. The government should not be legislating in law that we no longer have the freedom to associate, no matter what this excuse of a news channel tells us
The only cobra I know is the one that's going to bite our asses on 1st January 2021
Good old Matt Hancock . . . with one sentence he handed the French the excuse they were looking for to turn the political screw. Having had Covid-19 I know exactly how bad this virus is but I really don't think this has anything to do with this awful pandemic . . . the French doing what they always do and it was gifted them on a plate . . .
And here I was just about to go do my Christmas dinner shopping... I hope I manage to get at least a can of spaghetti hoops for the little ones...
For a disease with a death rate comparable to flu. Approx 1 in 500 get it die. Anyone not suspicious of goverment policy regarding this needs to stick their head in a washing machine
The UK and EU couldn't get a deal done in four and half years? Glaringly obvious governments don't want it done.
Does anyone actually like sky?
Wow what a way to cause panic buying and shops running out well done
The piquant almanac uniformly squeal because cereal inversely film before a illustrious wrecker. acrid, terrific brown
Rule britannia britannia rules the waves britan never NEVER NEVER shall be slaves. Hold tight this country's will stand up and we will take what is ours. Our freedom back. Hold tight borris your gunna be the next jfk.
It would help if we were not 'governed' by the globallists instead of our own government.   What a useless bunch, with the exception of a very few, our MPs and cabinet are.    Trump succeeds because he was a businessman not a politician.   All we have are failed lawyers, doctors or just career politicians who couldn't run the proverbial piss up in a brewery.   They are too young, have no real life experience and all need ousting and how many of them have been compromised by China?   Time for a peaceful revolution to get rid of the lot and have people in power targeted for their expertise in the areas we depend on.    Retired people out of industry would make a proper job of running the country.
This is due to brexit
What's the point of commenting on this stupidity.
This is a reaction to no deal
What COBRA MEETING???  lol it is just a ROOM!!! lol their all in TREASON!!!  https://s3.amazonaws.com/khudes/Twitter1.30.15.pdf
Let theHunger Games begin
"shhhhhhhhhh" listen.... Want to get out the country? Go down to  the South Coast there's some free dinghies going cheap.??
All this different strain BS is beginning to make sense now just another way to cancel Christmas and delay brexit do they really think we were born yesterday. I can sense civil unrest just around the corner.
Lockdown at Xmas criminal conviction for not upholding that law, meanwhile flights from Brazil China, and immigrants coming in on boats everyday nice one
Strange how the EU is banning UK travel there.  But Mass Migrants can leave the EU to come here............ Funny how that happens.
just get the dinghies to bring it in. supplies will flow like water then
Francis band The hauliers because Boris Johnson Won't Back Down on Fishery France want to keep fish in British waters territorial waters and Boris said no so France as use coded as an excuse to ban British hauliers
All the countries that have banned travel, just happen to be the exact same ones that will suffer the most from losing access to our fishing grounds. There are 9 million people in London - half of them Europeans, if this mutant strain is rife there, it's rife everywhere. It's already been found in the wild in Italy. This is not about covid, this is brexit punishment from our 'friends' in the EU.
Sky news the fear
What does COBRA stand for?
Does this mean that "COBRA" are going to inform the "Border Farce, I mean force" to stop the "freight" being transported by dinghy's from France over the Channel to Britain,  or do those in the dinghy's have "immunity passport's"?
And so it begins controlling food supplies just as  Dr Vernon coleman predicted. Distrust the government Avoid the media Fight the lies Www.vernoncoleman.com Www.carlvernon.com
Funny how France can shut their borders arbitrarily... Except when they are migrants coming over here. Is it a coincidence that Kent, the epicentre of this latest outbreak, is also the place where migrants have been coming ashore?
This goverment is absolutely useless
Without fully understanding the new variant, which I believe is unlikely to kill, SAGE use the opportunity to create fear. Now Europe has locked down on us & there is a chance food will start running out by January....total shambles! Show some leadership Boris & start by seizing control of the country from SAGE!
This government has let anyone down.
Next thing food rationing cards, just like in the war.
France is doing this because we will not let them have our fish
More of the constant fear mongering. Well done sky
It's all utter bollocks and the MSM (Sky) is totally complicit.  The MSM is the virus.
PMSL cobra meeting this close to christmas, they will all be dressed as elves with jigsaws, snakes and ladders etc to play with their friends... Another cracking bit of management by a brilliant Government . These fools will come up with the next phase of project fear..... all rush out and get bog rolls,, chop chop.......HMP UK
French dock workers go on strike every year. How is this any different?
New virus it's call zorona
So we do need the EU it seems
Forget all this Cobra nonsense, we will clearly have to escalate this to Black Mamba.
NO deal brexit Will prosper the country it will help people the rich people.......
Shocking PM
Uk should just stop everything to France they will all miss the money they put into the block and sturgeon should stay out of brexit
EU squeezing the Tory's testicles ? 'Sovereignty' my arse ? Waving a bloody flag won't fill the supermarket shelf's will it ?
Aren't cobra the bad guys in the GI Joe movies
😂🤣😂🤦‍♂️ what did they expect to happen
Has Boris scored an own goal with the alleged "mutating" virus? Or, is it a red flag?
Laughing stock. He needs to step down. Covid response is terrible. Can’t get products in to the country. Brexit is a disaster. Why is slow to react the common phrase when talking about this government
Well, they were slow to react. Look how long it took before we properly locked down.  Had we locked down completely day 1, this wouldn't have happened.
Cocks the lot of em all lies  it's about time we stood up n took our lives back n said no
This is why we should be independent
Blame the clown Bojo for declaring tier 4 in London, and the media jumping on Matt Hancock words of it being a "mutation" of covid, yet we aren't counting regular winter flu cases. 🤦
Global warming - summer snow  Global pandemic - no depopulation Bumper crop - food shortage  New's - lair's  At the point conspiracy is close to reality
Government needs to embrace Ivermectin treatment! not vaccine! Ivermectin is so much better, and everyone will take it no problem, I  will take Ivermectin every day rather than this rushed vaccine.
Robust plans.  My arse.
I thought they were stock  piled for brexic
All snakes 🐍 in one place having a meeting and the other snake is reporting
Sky has started manipulating it's likes and dislikes. This propaganda mouthpiece won't last long.
U dont understand how this covid thing is going to unfold. Its a straight jacket tightening every week They r going to do so much under the excuse of covid 19
Government is completely useless
So they’re doing what they supposedly should have in March now... bit late no 🤷🏻‍♂️
So 48 hr ban..... Yet freight still coming through this side. Close the tunnel for both sides 😡
I thought closed borders with the EU was exactly what they wanted
So lorries can come in, but can't leave the UK, are the ferries going back empty to bring even more lorries over. This is about the French flexing their muscles cos they can't get their way over fishing.
Stop scaremongering.
Hurrah!  "There'll be blue birds over, the white cliffs of dover"....   Winston Churchill The blitz Spitfires  Food shortages Boris' wet dream
What a messed up country we live in
So france close their borders now? But during the 1st lockdown they allowed people to travel over in dingys.
For 18 months the govt was slacking off. Now there is panic...
THIS COUNTRY IS TOTALLY FUCKED!!!!
Walk away Boris..........it should still be No Deal!
Slow to react. The Tory motto.
Cobra meeting tomorrow? I thought this was an emergency, surely they should have had the meeting hours ago, and now be announcing the method by which we will be saved from this continuing catastrophe...
Honestly how many times will we allow Boris to fk everything up. This guy don't think a thing through
Cobra 😀
Greenscreen, object in 3D, no heat coming from his mouth..........
Hold up so we are told we cannot see our families who we know where they’ve been and who they’ve seen but our borders have remained open the entire time ?
EU are closing the borders and they don't want the new strain of virus from uk
The sour cultivator specifically accept because quality interestedly intend including a gullible gusty america. laughable, chemical deal
Buy seeds people.
Fake news :)
It’s crazy how human civilisation is being destroyed by this virus. In films the virus is deadly to EVERYONE. Imagine a film was made about this one. A virus that pretty much only kills old. Vulnerable or unfit obese people. That to me is more of a comedy spoof film
Say MUTANT VIRUS this will strike real fear
BOGG ROLL!
Just goes to show what lengths the EU will do to get their own way..
This government couldn’t run a bath!  🛁 Let alone a country
Well done France - exercising the right to control their borders.  Ironic, much?
This is what chewing 5 gum feels like.
SCAMDEMIC!!!!! fearmongering at its finest !!!!
Fear mongering the super markets don't hold stock for more than 4 days. That's what distribution warehouses do. trust there is enough food for weeks and weeks.
Well done. Give the EU more reason to destroy the country
Johnson's Government has broken Britain. He is incompetent and unable to handle this crisis. Parliament needs to be recalled and Government of National Unity needs to be formed with MPs from across parties. We need competence and we need to be able to trust that the Government is not lying to us.
Fitting its cobra because all politicians are lying snakes
We are not extending.
Why is UK always coming up with these names, what a joke.
Why did they not have the cobra meeting before deciding to go to Tier 4. Would they have not realised the trouble it would cause. Maybe they are just so stupid, it never crossed their mind?
More scare mongering...
Cobra meeting eh?, So will Klaus Schwab be invited cos he is the snake behind this agenda driven crap.
Hmm.. borders being closed/Restrictions being implemented lives being lost.  Idk sounds a bit Hitler-like
I've always pictured cobra meetings as...the pm and his cabinet all in there PJ's trying to do karate ....( Put him in a body bag ) 😂
All the covid-19 inflated figures BS the government have been pumping out no wonder they shut the borders.
lol, I'm not scared.  Try again Sky News.
Oh no there's going to be panic buying in the supermarkets again
And the hunger games begin for real
Oh by the way they are still allowing Illegal Immigrants in though....they are exempt.
Brexit is Brexit nothing to do with covid so sturgeon stick your head where the sun don't shine
https://youtu.be/9On2JLR3spw
Ah, the Government and the MSM in cahoots to ramp up the fear level again. First 30 seconds - "crisis" "fear".
Fear mongering fools get a grip and take some responsibility
"I'm Sorry did somebody say Corona Meeting".
If it had not been the virus, a no-deal Brexit would give the same outcome.
Пиздец и ни каких литературых выражений в данном конкретном случае
Build up to the Season finale? Something tells me the worst is yet to come. 10 more days to go..
This has got nothing to do with the new strain of the virus this is all because the eu can’t get their own way like a two year . It’s been reported that the new strain is already in France .
Boris is a and his government are rich
Clicked on a mainstream media video. Why. Why did i do that.
What a world. The government hyped up this new variant of Covid so that they could shift the blame for mismanaging restrictions after 2nd December. Turns out that it was a bit of an own goal.
The ratty freon embryologically shelter because thomas lilly repeat throughout a plain acknowledgment. strong, open fine
Do they have a chicken tikka masala at the cobra meeting as well?
Revolution overthrown the government
No prizes for why they named an unaccountable body after a snake.
But illegals are still able to come in to the UK via rubber boats???? But we can't get out!!!! Ohh more B.S. government /MSM lie's
Nice...well done for fuelling the panic buyers, #projectfear #clownplanet #borisjohnson #xmasno1 #christmasnumberone
Corona Boogaloo
they're closing their borders to us but we still allow incoming flights from covid hot spots, wtf.
Perhaps MPs should vote themselves another £10,000 Covid bonus.
This is more to do with French demands during Brexit negotiations than COVID. This is the 'benevolent' EU playing games...
Well at least the food retailers will have a great Christmas, now their shelves will be empty by 5pm Monday. Well done government, well done $ky.
I'm just here for the comments
Some of these comments are priceless 🤭🤭🤣
How much more proof some people need is beyond me
Typical French, over reacting and probably trying to put pressure on the Brexit negotiations.
https://www.centerforhealthsecurity.org/event201/scenario.html Here ....read people....they not even hiding it
being a HGV driver we are flat out BECAUSE of the 60,000 YES SIXTY THOUSAND HGV DRIVER SHORTAGE go figure
First time I have agreed with wee jimmy krankie
If I can't even get a chicken for Christmas dinner, I'm gonna find boris and slap him with a fish. Hitman style.
Good maybe they will stop sending the migrants across... or are they an exception on this occasion?
We need strong and decisive leadership. Boris is not it.
Pestilence Famine War What comes next?
We all need to go and have christmas on the streets....best way to combine both celebration and what we need to do....stopping the destroying of our lives
i hope gi joe gate-crashes  this cartoon
The strange jennifer concurringly grin because shrimp reversely paddle except a trite education. petite, overwrought week
Great I'm running bog roll getting time and a turd
Biased BBC again doing everything they can to blame this on Brexit, it has nothing to do with it, sooner BBC fails the better, such liars
As the ONLY country in europe affected by this new strain, it appears that the eu IS TRYING TO STARVE THE UK INTO SUBMISSION !!!!  come on boris its past the time to walkaway, & to contact our Commonwealth countries to start supplying ALL OUR FOOD STUFFS..................NOW !
Civil war is the only solution.
Load of bollocks. Tough stance still there are other places to get food. Stop Europe being the evil power house it is. BTW France it works both ways sending people in and out if a country
Damn. Now my consignment of Unicorns will be delayed.
Really grasping at straws
cobra kai season 1 still on my to watch list
If only France had such resiliance to foriegn threats during WW2?
PORTON DOWN?   WHAT ABOUT PORTON DOWN?
Surprised they didnt stop UK going to visit sooner based on most people ignoring rules and spreading this bloody virus
Our 'friends' in Europe :D
Well we have been saying we wanted an end to freedom of movement ever since the start of the referendum campaign...
Seems likely that the eu has caused this new virus pandemic !!! its very odd that the vaccine is produced in Belgium, they are known UK HATERS ! HAS THE VACCINE BEEN DELIBERATELY CONTAMINATED? In any case, isnt it RATHER strange that ITS ONLY THE UK THAT HAS THIS NEW INFECTION & IS HAPPENING JUST AS THE UK IS THE FIRST NATION TO APPLY THE VACCINE !  TOO MUCH OR TOO MANY COINCIDENCES !!!!  WOULDNT PUT ANYTHING PAST THESE EU SCUMBAGS TO PREVENT THE UK LEAVING.
HS FLU.  WASTING BILLIONS ON VANITY PROJECTS.   HISS AT THAT COBRA GOONS
Piñata party on Xmas Cobra and Sage invited 🙈
This will hurt the EU traders as well. Typical Sturgeon reaction.
your country needs us to stay strong be safe 🥰
It’s like a brexit dress rehearsal
Hahaha Brexit
There are so many sheep which can write 🙈🙈🙈
I predicted this, the French will block our imports for the slightest of reasons covid or not, we all know what their port authorities are like we've been here before.
*Tier 4 Fears* - Everybody Wants to Rule the World
Government officials are so clever with there decisions fc dimwits! !!
not sure what people expected, the way brexit and covid has been dealt it's an absolute joke.
Ramping up the scare mongering it’s all part of the big plan and the reset
A COBLAS meeting...we're saved
More panic buying here we come -thanks a bunch for your stupid irresponsible reporting
BRITAIN SHOULD HAVE HAD CLOSED BORDERS, TO ALL MIGRANTS AND TOURISTS,     BACK IN MARCH.   THE REST OF THE WORLD IS TAKING THE PYSSE
More bulls**t reporting haha panic panic
Trying real hard to make Brexit into a problem and disguise it as Covid
more scare mongering !
Fake food shortage
France is obviously worried - we must save them by closing our waters immediately..
Well down for making things worse with your scare mongering... shitheads
Yo My Guy Looks Like He Is Playing Candy Crush 😂
The first thing in any emergency situation should be: do not listen to Nicola Sturgeon who is clearly puppeteered by the EU.
That is the BIG FEAR. Here we go again. Obviously not going to cause panic buying and emptying shelves.
The grotesque gladiolus gratifyingly drown because expert jekely talk athwart a past brian. needless, hard-to-find processing
Great supine protoplasmic invertebrate jellies, that is Sky News.
Does this mean the steady flow of migrants in the backs of wagons coming into uk will stop 2.
It's good opportunity for UK to   produce our own products we have good cheese and meats and fish and fresh food so come on UK business let's show Europe what great Britain is good at !
They will try anything. Boris don't back down now. We will suvive. This is scaremongering.
The future is cancelled!
Oh boohoo enjoy your brexit guys
All going as planned. Rockerfeller Lockstep and Event 201
All because they forced schools to remain open despite seeing clearly the rise in cases stemming from the return in September and the stubbornness of keeping them open while cases soar.
Stuff that Big Fat Turkey!!! 🐔🐔🐔  CASES ARE NOT DEATHS !!! AND THERE'S A 93% FALSE POSITIVE RATE AS STATED BY THE CDC !!!! THIS HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH A VIRUS !!!
As others have said just watch the panic buying now and for goodness sake get those toilet rolls in ASAP
Sturgeon can piss off - we’re out, and hopefully under WTO rules. 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
Panic buy
Can’t find one person in the comments who has anything positive to say about this news report and for good reason. As a 25 year old man I am lost for words as to how badly this has been handled! Get us back to work and to living life....shelter the old and anyone at risk don’t lock us down yet again! No ones listening now!
Lets dance on Tier 5
Somebody said to me there’s going to be a rat race for food I don’t agree yet but it’s sounding likely now 🤦🏾‍♂️
Only the dumb believe now.
We dont want a deal or a extension ...all this because of BREXIT...
Strange is it not. How they closed air travel to us straight away . But we didn't bother to close are air travel at the beginning of January when we heard about covid19. This goverment needs to learn from others and stop saying we are world class blah blah blah
It’s a globalist takeover.
This is all lies and propaganda is New strain they knew about it since September it time Boris was gone or vote out with no confidence he's kill this country ... Boris is a joker 👏👏 by the way the UK we ain't leaving the EU Boris is traitor
It's only the people who called everyone 'conspiracy theorists' who think this is surprising
all u guys ever talk about is covid scare
The funny thing is they’ve got these new strains all over the EU ‘ that’s why they’ve all had huge spikes in numbers ‘ the same as the UK. We’ve just been able to identify it, they haven’t found it yet. Simples.
Thanks nigel farage
Better start hoarding toilet rolls
Here we go the food shortage that we have been waiting for, its all going plan Boris me ol mucker.
CobrA meeting  The Great conjunction Jupiter and Saturn remember why they wheeled out William Shakespeare as the first Male it's all a ritual on the world's stage wakeup sheep .
There's disarray among the nest of ants now, really are f**ked up now, but hey we ain't seen nothing Yet 😉
Their using COVID to fear monger over brexit now.😂
There's a real sense of crisis🔙https://youtu.be/ipLFlQMa3NY
Oh no, well can they stop the illegals to while their at it.
Hahahaha 😂 knew this would happen. All them idiots who said 2021 was gunna be better, it’s going to be brutal 😂
The platitudes are in full force "get a grip", "get it sorted".  Completely meaningless, intangible statements.
WHAT A SURPRISE   BREXIT TO BE POSTPONED DUE TO COVID. LIKE WE COULDNT ALL SEE THIS COMING.
Why do all the news outlets report on Stergeon so much? She needs to get back in her box and focus on running Scotlands domestic public services. Fed up of hearing about her on every report.
Stop spreading fear
Completely irresponsible reporting that will encourage panic buying and hoarding!!
Tell France we'll repay them one day..
Here we go, that combat training is about to come in very handy.
Time to stop ripping up arable land to house the increasing immigrants and instead grow our own food.
It’s just funny at this point.
They knew this was coming, theyve been warning schools & hospitals to prepare for this for months. Just look on the Gov website. But theyre only warning the people now, how very remiss of them. Yet another nail in their #crimesagainsthumanity coffin
the goverment snakes hold a meeting
How long is this lie gonna go on for 🤦‍♂️😂😂😂😂
breach of EU regulations on free movement
This just gives the panic buyers an excuse to exercise their stupidity
A  depression is on it's way ,it's going to be even worse than it was in the 1920's ,how come this government never seen it coming .
This country is in freefall... We're going to be warred over and occupied by the victor within the decade.
Raining outside atm
They will miraculously pull off an eleventh hour trade deal with the EU and the tories will hail themselves as our saviours.
SMD all fake actors and liers.
Oh here we go again with the scaremongering..
Food shortages... loading...
Clean Brexit now!
Everyone scared enough yet?
Lies. More lies
No doubt the taxi service won't be effected for incoming migrants across the channel.
lets be honest, the French don't need a reason to close the border. They would do it out of sheer boredom if the impulse took them. xD
It's a good job none of these MPs where running the show 39-45. 🤠😨
We all knew this would happen. Who is surprised?    I wonder if all borders across the EU will be closed or just supplies to the U.K.    A real problem or another ploy?
death is better than lthis life
The cultured lunchroom nally detect because zoo annually arrest worth a gullible gusty payment. sulky, spurious manager
This definitely wont cause panic-buying and make things worse. Well done.
COBRA=WANKERS
The panicky silica accidentally tow because sidecar greely present till a next protocol. open, slow mirror
shouldnt have opened the schools so quickly back in september. now with a mixture of sweat, lynx africa and covid-19 a new strain has been born
We don’t have shortage for food we have stocked up ,there is no need for panic buying, the EU are just kicking themselves in the foot, there stuff will go off ,,, simple they LOOSE out more than we will.  we will not starve we have other ways of food imports even if it’s a bit more expensive,it’s worth every penny to be out of the corrupt enterprise,
- How to cancel Christmas, when I made a bunch of promises that I won't? - Use new covid 19 strain we found in September -Great idea, no Christmas  ...................  Effects : People run away from London spreading new strain. Countries closed borders with UK to protect their citizens. No supplies coming to UK. ........... Surely Boris is a greatest statesman in this country....
funny how borders are bothe useful and needed when it suits the globalists. any other time theyre to be done away with. youd think the EU wouldnt even have any borders
Man's too busy checking his tinder game..
If the idiots had shut this country including the illegal channel crossings in March we wouldn't be in this position, cowardly actions by so called minister's,
I understand that he is looking at stopping freight coming in on the Ferries.
Dont worry MP's will have their five course meals this Christmas.
Weird that, they're complaining about the EU closing their borders... BUT STILL think they can survive without the EU. How cute.
The govt is full of it
R.I.P humanity
20 sec of add
I can’t help thinking that this is something Boris and Co didn’t take into account and the latest Government COVID scare for a Xmas Lockdown has backfired.
Food Shortages, Guess its the Zombie Apoc Just without Zombies, Covid as a replacement.
Better start learning how to intermittent fasting 1 meal a day will save me money and less food to consume!  Gotta find loopholes to our beat  this madness! Lol
Is it just me thinking that this tier4 crap is contraproductive?! More people trying to getaway from London causing more damage and spreading more people,?...🥴
New virus attacks UK, what a joke! I can't believe people believe in this.
No more extensions, Sturgeon.
. Bet theyll have to cancel brexit , i bet. Hmmm.
Sky Spews
What's amazing and suspicious is masses of people predicted this in July... Food shortages... Power outages.. Internet disruption.. The darkest winter... Remember??
Well! His life’s work is done , Boris can now enjoy his Christmas vacation. He’s brought about economic and social destruction of the UK in nine short months and morphed this country into the pariah of the world.  Well done Johnson. Give yourself a knighthood
Sounds a LOT LIKE the @@@@@@ french (intended no capital) holding us to ransom over fishing to me... Or am I being a tad cynical ? 😱?
It's like I've always said, any country who relies so much on imports is open for disaster.  Yes it's a powerful chip in brexit deals when your talking about French or German car imports into the UK but when your talking about food it's another thing.   How have we let ourselves have such a large population that our farmers and our land cannot supply all the food requirements we need? Fact is we are a small island and cannot sustain such a large population regardless of ethnicity.  History shows this during ww2 with food shortages and having to rely on other countries whilst planting vegetables in every open space in a dig for victory.  When will people learn? I don't care where anyone is from, the UK is more than full. We have to be able to sustain ourselves in times of crisis in at least the very basics such as food.
Well they shouldnt of shouted out that covids gone mutant strain ffs
Thanks Sky, now everyone will panic buy and there’ll be feck all on the shelves. Irresponsible cretins.
No man is an island except for the UK.
At some point we made are own stuff
Ok so USA has had the highest rates of covid yet UK is being hand picked to ban trade and travel from ... looks like the EU wants to kick us when we are down. Not surprising
What next.. Last min xmas eve changes
ISNT food transport an exception only public flights are canceled confused af ?
This a fking piss take
I see the agenda is moving on nicely. Got to the “food shortages” part now 🙄
Hmm
Omg shops will be empty by tomorrow 🙄
Maybe if Boris had attended a bloody Cobra meeting  Now its Brexit Covid ! And the bloody super.arkets are going to be packed !Were doomed !
EU Using COVID as a political weapon against UK. 🙄  NEVER SURRENDER!  UK will produce it's own food domestically.  Stop buying from unreliable E.U.
This is an act of war by the EU countries against the UK.
It's time we close our borders to all those who have closed theres to us
Time to make a vow never to buy anything from the European Union again, no cars, no food, no nothing. It just takes will.
We need to take back control of our country. We need to take down the current political structure. A new structure is needed. A step towards democracy and not just 'democratically elected leaders'.
Just leave the fuckin eu counting the days
Blackmail attempt to warn GB of how easy it would be to cripple the country if we don’t cave in to their brexit conditions..........nothing to do with the virus.
Once were out of the eu non of this will matter they'll hold no power to do any of these things again and we can trade without tarrifs with the rest of the world
No shortage of food. Just adapt and buy British food. Change your pallet.
We lasted on an egg and stuff in the wars idiotic goverment trying to be clever mind wouldn't want his job but he is just digging deeper in  a mess if anyone can do better please do so getting boring x
So nothing will happen
It’s like ww2 when the uboats cut off Britain
This virus was likely released to get rid of Trump and to prevent the Brexit. It's succeeding in both. Look to the remainers and the Dems in USA, follow the money to neo liberals in big tech, World Economic Forum globalist fascist/Marxist/Maoist statists. I don't think the Chinese made this virus. It was made somewhere else and released in China first for show.
OK can we start sending back all the illegal immigrants back to mainland Europe now
Fear. They love that word.
The meeting is how they will hand over power to the people when they all get locked up.
This is what the government wants to put fear in people. Stay strong 💪🏽
French must really want the fish.
Is smelling BS a COVID symptom? Our world leaders are all criminals. Do not comply with their unlawful rules.
Food.wont run out for long time people need to relax. 70% population has freezers and months of food to eat. Putting news out like this only endorses mass gatherings at super markets and mass buying simular to toilet paper.
He has now started panic buying idiotic government he needs to get lost
Already this summer over 200 variants of SAR-nCOV2 were known by the Finnish researchers. In the U.S. they saw the variant that came in from Europe outcompeting the variant that came in from Asia. Maybe this really is an important evolution of the virus, but I think it is just as likely a political game so that the Boris camp can backtrack on the statements  he had foolishly made regarding stricter rules for Christmas. And now it is backfiring even more.
Cobra ?? They should rename it The Sloth Meeting..
Nothing to do with Covid, little Napoleon using this tactic because we will not give in on fishing.
The useless muppets thought they'd thought of everything. It's unravelling already.
His greatest mistake was failing to close the borders to and from Europe (except for perhaps freight) on 31 January. This is EU globalists at their evil best. They gave us the virus. It came from europe not China. The cases here exploded here soon after they did in Italy. See covid19stats.blogspot.com for coverage of Jan to May 2020. Say No Deal, walk away, whatever.
Its a brexit tactic  The eu are trying to force a deal
Propaganda and scare mongering at its finest
People need to get a grip 😆
This pandemic is all lies to scare us
A COBRA meeting just means they all get a pint of Cobra during the discussion
F.E.A.R is more dangerous than this so called "COVID" and the Media are enjoying this as much as the Gov
countrywide tier 4 by 21 dec countrywide tier 5 or 6 by 25 december rationing by new years day
Is bojo going to bother rocking up to this particular cobra meeting then ?
Goebbels would be proud
Our country in a nutshell, the first to start talking but the last to act and look at us now. And i bet we still wont stop other countries entering our boarders...
Muji Thaksin Sinawatra Behena Ying luck Sinawatra
Sky news=fake news
Pushing the covid narrative has kick the government in the arse now...
This probably means food shortages leading to mass panic buying again and the army stepping in to guard the supermarkets and distribute the 'rations' to the public .
Brexit postponed in light of ‘unprecedented crisis’ anyone...
Cobra meeting. These people and their buzz words 🤣🤣
Katy your right a potato with a WIG
Ask My Cool Gove. He’s been sorting it out, hasn’t he?
Oh the fear spread, people need to understand that Brexit will not break the supply chain, its the tarifs that they pay.Being outside of the eu, it will be like any other country thats not in the EU trading with them. International tarifs that are set in place, yes some stuff might cost more, but defo not shortages. Fear is a virus much more potent than COVID.
People understand that it is a crisis if ports shut due to covid, however it is seen as "taking back control" when either ports shut or the addition of tariffs in the event of a No Deal Brexit.
Time to plant trees on arable land I think!
Typical bully boy France. Is this to do with covid strain in Kent/London or to do with Brexit.
Here we go again with panic buying in shops ! More people  in shops that means more chance of catching corna virus !
This a joke
Isn't this what the kippers voted for?
Boycott French ports use Dutch and Belgium  ports
Boris wants a crisis
Disgusting YouTube playing unskippable ads before this.
All for a disease that has 99.98% survivability...
And people talk about Brexit....the UK bs
Snakes
The biggest killer in this pandemic is the media
Funny how people can close borders to us. But when the virus was on its way over we invited it in without a backbone to do it ourselves.
All scaremongering
That should suit BOZO a COBRA meeting, with his FORKED TONGUE !
Buy British products from now on and we will see ,impact of trade wars.btw UK and eu  thanks Gov. Grate Job
Stop all foreign aid and share it among all our truckers.
Use it as a practice run Boris. Stop all EU trawlers entering UK waters 🤔
Nothing to do with brexit it’s a virus problem
Fake news, this is not true.
"Potato in a wig" Boris Johnson cancels Christmas. https://youtu.be/Se6Q_kSAaF4
Panic buying will start again madness.
Congratulations to the governments of the world for bringing us to the post apocalyptic reality we are used to seeing in movies. And we allowed them to do this.
0:46 I at last dont owe anyone anymore as a result of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
NOTHING MUCH TO SEE HERE.. JUST A BIT OF BRINKMANSHIP. .! EXTEND NOTHING..HARD BREXIT BRING IT ON..!
🖕 off
&$&$&😍😂
It's OK. I still have my huge panic buying mountain here. I'll live - the French won't.
Henry kissinger must be smiling.
0:59 my entire life style was transformed  thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
all Englishmen should now board dinghy's and paddle to France to claim asylum especially the sick and coughing ones we are all in this together Mr Macron haha great export get ya virulent covid here 2 for a pound. If only we could infect our fish
What's the big issue here? Isn't that what they wished for? Hard Brexit all the way...
Should be a problem for Southern Ireland trucks
Don't worry, VIPER meeting will solve the issue
Isn't cobra those villains from the cartoon gi JOE? Bet the uk would still have our borders open for the so called refuges
COBRA MEETING? the biggest snake is BJ!!!
Are they not tired and bored of holding meeting all the time.? Everyday holding meeting ... further meetings with no outcomes
Media is cancer
Got Jesus Christ Everyone? Take care
Lol, they're plan has backfired.
The muscles from Brussels flexing on Brexit. Stalling negotiations in defiance by cutting off their nose to prove a point.  They play games and the people lose yet again .
Welcome to hell that's what 52% British voted for.
We should have closed the borders for long time ago. The English don't deserve anything from us
BRITAIN LEAVING EU..... HUGE MISTAKE .... GENERATIONS WILL SUFFER... LITTLE BRITAIN
This plus countries not using pound for exchange rate, will bring UK down to it's knees again.....
Could it be an under hand game So EU and UK can extend Brexit As different strains of Covid in many countries
Nicola sturgeon should shut up. The media report like Corona virus sent a memo or email informing Boris its on its way😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 Dont UK grow anything that we can eat?
all the snakes in one pit.....oooooooo
Just came from Dover port and witnessed nightmare
Boris lika Trump and all dictators and clowns in politic is failed.
Lockdown betcha
I knew this would be happening at some point
Albania of the north
So, basically giving us a taster of what to expect with “no deal” in 11 days? But, I thought Boris was totally cool with that anyway? 🤔
More nonsense - get out of that UK 🇬🇧 it’s doomed to failure because of false leadership. Escape from UK tyranny and the demons. UK fascist - monster - totalitarian regimes. Look for freedom from tyranny
Here we go again sky news with the world end cliff edge I'm fxxking sick of the spew that the likes off sky and bbc broadcast brexit and now pandemic 4. 1/2 years it's taken and now same old same o
After next week's "anaconda" meeting we will be safe and sound into tier 78
This has prob given Macron a semi.
There is no pandemic U.S death statistics from 2009-2020 2020   8.880 2019   8.7821 2018   8.6851. 2017   8.5801 2016   8.4751 2015   8.3691  2014   8.2641 2013   8.1590 2012   8.1520 2011   8.1450  2010   8.1380 2009.  8.1310 2008.  8.124 2007.  8.203
*BREXIT MEANS BREXIT!* ✌️🤡🇬🇧
This is a mousetrap of their own making.
BREXIT Like the  American revolution?
Sh!t just got real. https://youtu.be/JwM9t8AFVVc The Northerners won't be missing much! https://youtu.be/atP0od7vFjM
Boris should have stuck when he last said, no-deal. That would have given time to organise supplies from other none Eu sources. The debt will just pile up in the Eu now the UK has left.  Nicola's hate for England is so great she will happily sink Scotland into the abyss along with the Eu just to destroy the UK. CRAZY. Maybe it is a solution for England. All the haters and remainers can move to Scotland and live in luxury in their new formed Eu country.
no more in and out UK travel!
Let's concentrate on something good. The Oxford AZ vaccine will be approved in the UK any day. It is being produced all over the world including in Wrexham by a company called Wockhardt who have geared up to make 150k doses a day.
wheres your mask mate??? mr reporter..
Ffs Doris, get a grip.
The current state of affairs in the world makes it seem that there is no other disease in this world except Corona.  The whole world well aware that politics is taking place in the name of COVID-19.   They are shameless those who are spreading the terror of the Corona virus epidemic to achieve their own goals.
The fact that ye are playing ads at the start of your videos is sickening, especially given the seriousness of what is happening right now in the UK.
time for panic buying
Well look at that, Boris.  It's the consequences of your poor decisions arriving.
yeah, certain product shortage is the big fear. not the death from covid. no no
???
THE EU BULLYING
BogRoll Wars: Episode IX – The Rise of Boris (2021)
MORE SKY B.S
Yet planes fly to UK from all over Europe, the con is on .
Sturgeon has no voice in this. Extension will mean this government is dead. More broken promises & anyone with half a brain cell should have been preparing for this anyway. Boris already has the title of the man who cancelled Christmas!  Nothing coming through - well goes both ways. Will make the Europeans look really mean, nasty & petty if they go ahead. Sure it will be breaking many international laws. Quick transfer to food from outside the EU which will also be cheaper. Bring it on.
Only way to cover up the food shortages that were already here.
The Virus they're calling Sars Cov 2 that they say is the cause of the disease they're calling covid 19 has never been purified or isolated to show it exists. Dr Andrew Kaufman talks through the scientific papers and shows ZERO Evidence that COVID Fulfills Koch's 4 Germ Theory Postulates -  https://www.greenmedinfo.com/blog/zero-evidence-covid-fulfills-kochs-4-germ-theory-postulates-dr-andrew-kaufman-say  Article straight from the CDC that shows they have not isolated the "virus" -   https://drtomcowan.com/only-poisoned-monkey-ki  CDC document titled, “CDC 2019-Novel Coronavirus (2019-nCoV) Real-Time RT-PCR Diagnostic Panel.” dated July 13, 2020.  Buried deep in the document, on page 39, in a section titled, “Performance Characteristics,” we have this: “Since no quantified virus isolates of the 2019-nCoV are currently available (aka they have not isolated the virus to show it exists) -   https://blog.nomorefakenews.com/2020/10/08/the-smoking-gun-where-is-the-coronavirus-the-cdc-says-it-isnt-available/?fbclid=IwAR3ikvZ4CwKvHd-53syYR-px-JhRTIV3IWX_mcZNyklpFVxlgCjo1UEf4-M
COBRA meeting. Oh yes snakes the lot of them.
Sky & BBC brexit scaremongering again! Everyone could do with a bit of weightloss before Christmas! Your determined to freak out at any opportunity, hit the kill switch FGS!
If brexet wont keep the fishermen away then this will
No extension
Off to tesco then at 6am & panic buy
It's about Brexit not about a virus
Bit late closeing em now ffs
Brexiters couls be happy now. What a mess. 4 years of neverending disaster.
Am I the only one to notice the virus is more virulant in Europe, USA and Australia? Funny that....mostly capitalistic countries.
Failed with negotiations, Europe playing their role now , people of Uk informed  its all about COVID.
They having a laugh 😂
They should be hauled up in court and punished for the scaremongering.
Uk can always import from Japan... get used to sushi !
Pinstriipe Perverts in a room with Cobras! Now we're talking
Pasta and toilet roll time
Bla bla bla💩💩💩💩
Wow just crazy!!!!
Totally pxxxx off with mediea slagging the government off no matter what they do. These no all's sit on there backsides and fat pay cheques criticising at every turn in the names sake of us the British people, who they think they represent, well for me they should try a different tack, like what can they do to help in  these difficult times without  reporting doom and gloom  they should get behind the bloody country .
The virus isn’t out of control,the government is
Why does the media report these type of stories in a way that worries people into panic buying. There should be a law to stop incitement of panic buying.
I’m squashed, it’s dark down here.
Sky latest “No food supplies in U.K Jan 2021” don’t be surprised if this headline comes true.
GET A GRIP, HUMANS! Hello from New Orleans.
Sky news determined cause panic and demoralisation, the USSR during the cold war would be proud, I have little doubt that the EU are.
I thought it was tier4 in london.how can they meet.one law for us and one for them.typical
So Boris decides at the 11th hour to put London and the South East into lockdown and the EU decides to do the same to the UK!
Piece of pics open our ports
Making the maggots wriggle
Stop spreading lies.
Boris has no idea what to do now that Cummings has left.
It’s the eu acting that need to get the act together, specially that little weasel macron
Sturgen with an extention like we sisnt see that coming haha
I see the leftie woke Sky news is scare mongering again.
This is intentional to crash British trade as part of reset tactics, honestly there is no good will shown this Christmas only destruction. It begins in January.
No deal right now
World death rate in 2019 was 7.579 and in 2020 is 7.612 so there is no ''virus'',no pandemic.
This has nothing to to with brexit or EU.Will be a worldwide starvation.Remember farming is a small business.Check american farmers warnings.See indian farmers protests.In South Africa they simply kill farmers.Goverments will own the food and they give itif they want.Probablly will let us choose between lethal injection(vaccination)and starvation.
Johnson and Hancock must step down now. We had a months head start when we saw what was happening in Italy 10 months ago. Now even italy has banned us from traveling. It's been one cock up after another. Johnson and Hancock must go NOW!
While we are all panicking about this we are not talking about brexit mm
Just turned the TV on hasn't been working for a year or so  What's this about a virus
don’t worry, we will still be sent to school.
Boris Johnson said Brits must loose their weight to fight coronavirus.   So it's all part of the government's anti-obesity policy  well planned long ago.  Now it's going to be delivered.
*Do panic shopping now if u live in London!!!*
This is hie excuse to extend Brexit transisions period.
Yet more EU bullying, tell them to go to hell  Cut EU imports as fast as possible
They should just close their borders indefinitely after Brexit
Is This all about Mat Hancocks Mutant virus. I heard on another news channel. The reason why they are  closing there boarders to the UK
Does that mean the illegals won't be housed in 4 star hotels with my tax money?
Let's decare war
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=1x-qEMrjkEA
REALITY  https://youtu.be/Cbs2Z7nss-c
I am being just too cynical to suggest this "ganging up" on the UK may just have something slightly to do with swaying Brexit negotiations - Surely not!!!
Hmm? Cars held up for too long at ports become out of date....and New models supplant them...that cost more than a few rotting red peppers from Spain!
Wonder what things will look like in 28 days.
Boris will be wearing his cobra commander outfit 😂
For the millionth time COBRA is a ROOM!!! Cabinet Office Briefing Room A. Why do people always say COBRA like it's some bad assed elite task force? It's just a couple of MP's and various other suits.
Hail Cobra. Someone call the Joes.
Everything just seems to be getting worse and worse
I'm wondering whether the Tier system is simultaneously being used to try and keep the population subdued as the government knows this brexit is about to cause pandemonium
What a bloody shambles the government has made of all of this!!! We call this country the UNITED KINGDOM and what should happen is that all of the countries e.g.wales, Scotland, England etc should all come together under one policy for all of us and only then will the public feel that they are all being treated in the same fashion as the way things stand at the moment we are all getting mixed messages and comparing each other thus leading to more upset and anger,I hope to god that what I have written here gets read out in downing Street or the house of commons .
REALITY https://youtu.be/Cbs2Z7nss-c
Bye all things British
I'm single 😥😥😥😥😥
No freight, but plenty of Africans arriving daily in small boats from France.  Ffs Britain get a fu*king grip.
Their lies are backfiring. Ha, ha, haaa
Brexit Britain = pariah state/North Korea of Europe 😱😱😱
If we can’t get food from Europe I guess we can’t get all them German cars they want us to buy as well .
Here we go again! EU's dirty tricks! Turning the taps off to punish whoever stands tall against the bully! Same way they forced capital controls to the Greeks 5 years ago, now closing borders to the British. Hopefully the British won't panic and will stick to their guns. No pain, no gain...
About time the our HGV drivers were paid accordingly !!
Off to the shops to stock up on toilet paper before it runs out 🚴
There's something fishy about BREXIT
Well done to the pricks who voted for this
Let the hunger games begin 👀
Well done, supermarket shelves will be empty by 9am tomorrow
the reason everything is going wrong, is because we got a donkey PM, that's not a leader
Why all the panic, why hold a COBRA meeting it's all just project FEAR right?
Wee Jimmy Krankie would say that. The mutant strain is already in Europe. We just spotted it earlier.
Uk will make it with out anyone
No need to worry food can be shipped from Canada and Australia, it will take only 4 weeks we might have a 3 days supply on the shelves and we can starve for the rest of the time till the ships arrive we not going to die.
Tier 5: The whole world quarantines Britain
No surprises there...
It doesn't  take covit to stop road traffic  just 6 inches of snow  and I'm sure we will find enough food from our own company, s people  being stock pilling for some time now and people always have lot more food in for Xmas  UK are resilient. Stop scaremongering.
Shouldn't let food run out that would be worse than the Coronavirus
Okay it's tough. But if we get a red bus with some unsubstantiated claim on it on a cross country tour we should be able to wheel it in. Let's check what Johnson has in his collection.
Yea planes are still landing from China / Brazil and lord knows where else, gigs up , people see what is going on.  In other news , the global elites are doing good business and getting a significant wealth boost. Klaus Schwab head of the UN's WEF has written a book 'Covid 19 and the great reset'  (Available on Amazon) Scary stuff , reads like a Sci-fi novel , was written very quickly too. Anyway nothing suspicious , timing just a coincidence
Boris BYPASSES Democracy: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EopbZ7qh-xs
Europe is in crisis mode, the continent is in lockdown and awaiting the reset in 2021. Serious times the same week as Christmas.
There could easily be secure area both in EU and U.K set up either side of ports to quarantine UK Lorry routes and enable containers to be dropped off , with EU haulage firms doing the EU delivery bit into Europe. Arrangements between EU/UK haulage companies could work together to ensure EU drivers are isolated from EU public before returning with a load previously destined for the UK but originally intended to be carried out by EU drivers. That way the risk of any UK driver transmitting the new covis strain will be extremely limited, EU drivers will not be put at risk and goods will still flow.   EU/ UK haulage firms only need to agree financial arrangements and contracts. ,
Tell sturgeon to go forth and multiply fearmongering woman.
CHRISTMAS IS CANCELLED: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SM9Pfba4Kqw
We are all sailing on the Ship of Fools... With Captain Bojo at the helm!! Heaven help us One and All!!!!!!!!!!
Brexit before Brexit, lol
At last I’ll lose some weight 👍
This is awful , every one blaming the Government this is just what the EU want so we will sign any deal . What happened to the Britain I grew up in we rose to every challenge we were strong , and we are better than this . This is a little blip in the big picture of things . Remember be proud we are British we can achieve anything if we get on with it and stop scare mongering and blaming the Government for everything .
For gods sake get a bloody grip anyone would think the end of the world was coming. If they stop goods coming in then we stop goods going out. Talk about panicking over nothing, it’s just a ploy by the corrupt EU to get their own way over the trade deal and to keep us under their dictorial rule.
I'm off to stock up on Andrex & Volvic!
Egg on your face now mr prime minister  Good stuff France I have to say To think this idiot would rub up Europe the wrong way on Brexit then be the only country to find a new variant of covid and expect the French not to use this as a perfect excuse to punish us. They don't like it up em"
I feel like COVID's giving Britain a no-deal Brexit preview with freight.
Brexit 👉 uncertainty 👉Confusion  👉Anxiety 👉Misery 👉Chaos 🤯🤯🤯🤯
Boris’s strings have broken and can’t function.
why are these nations acting like they don't have this mutated strain LOL
hear comes the end game to tie us into the EU forever with the terrible deal  Boris agreed months ago.
Brexit Bollox from the usual suspects
But our PM promissed us  plenty of cheap  austrailan Tim Tams, so we wil be ok.   We  can feed on them.
Europe is in bad shape 😬
The new version of the virus won't stop at the English coast. It is highly transmissible.
Bomb France with Freedom Brexit Bombs XD
Starving  people don't do well in a pandemic . And it's spread by train now .  What a mess ..
Good way of starting run on groceries
Had we stayed in the EU this would never have happened...they would have said (were in this together)....bojo needs to go!
This is probably one of the best examples of scaremongering reporting.
bozo the clown - too little too late, again.
Ooh, let’s have a bit more scaremongering, cuz we haven’t had enough of that crap already.
Sweet Jesus....
They'll do anything to stop us leaving the EU. We must leave without a deal as thats the only way Britain can regain its democracy!
At least we'll have plenty of fish to eat.
This new virus started here? Belting....in a few months time we can celebrate by having pool parties like wuhan did
Anyone else getting a strange 28 day later vibes?
We'll have to grow our own vegetables and raise our own chickens, man we're so screwed.
Full of leftie diarrhea here in the comments 😂😂. UK will do just fine after leaving the EU. FFS keep the faith I your country (I am a EU national btw)
I wish I earned £100000 for being incompetant
Ah! Just as predicted. 2021 food shortages. Woohoo!
NO FOOD FOR CHRISTMAS 😈😈😈😈😈😈 HAPPY CHRISTMAS 😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈
Forget cobra have a rattlesnake because we are all rattled and Boris is a snake
Nice negotiation ploy closing there borders by the EU to force the UK to concede on brexit.
Things will get bought and sold. Saying otherwise is just more cowbell.
0:44 time to eat your own sovereign caught fish
Time to get the criminals out of parliament. Join Ozzie Patriots Roll
Border closed ... UK fxxxxx. EU blockades BoJo-land. Enjoy ur herring and mackerel with welsh lamb and barley.
What a shameless of a country UK have become we can’t even go to Scotland at the moment
Mass panic buying on your Christmas dinner.
Well U.K. got the Brexit they wanted. This is just a Preview of what about is to come
Im assuming this is music to the ears for the no deal brexit brigade. Completely cut of from Europe.   Wonder what they will do when the supermarket shelfs are empty. I suppose they could always have their sovereignty they regained for dinner.
Food price gonna go UP!!!!
https://youtu.be/yFLGq2aTn_E. Hidden video from sky news
Get ready, UK is finished if they don’t discuss the situation with Brexit. The Government really sold us down the river.
Panic buy .  Panic buy ..
Brexit. Tories. Covid.  All disasters.  Socialism is the future.
When it rains...     it pours.
This is more likely to be over brexit
Ban France from fishing English Channel Now!
Total incompetence! This lot need to be sacked pronto. They’re asleep at the tiller & sailing us down the river!
About time the UK started to replace EU food stuff....
Brexit posturing from over the channel
GOOD! Cut all trade with British, until boris is GONE!
This all situation is terrible!
It’s just a political move from France to force us into a brexit deal, this has nothing to do with COVID
He’s meeting GI Joe?
This is the fastest that clueless muppet has acted in the whole of 2020!
Wow!
Pierwszy dzieciofil ksiądz Arkadiusz H. trafił za kratki. Kuria wrocławska i bydgoska nie dała rady go obronić i musi zapłacić 400 tys odszkodowania dla ofiary. Zaczęło sie..... trzeba będzie sprzedać pałace i złoto albo zamknąć działalność.
France has closed the border to the UK for at least 48 hours wtf
this is scary man
They did what?  I thought Europe needed us more than we needed them
The U.K. did the same for Denmark a couple of months ago ..
Sky news
Boris Johnson: A FUCKIN DISGRACE
First
First
