It's a grave, not a tourist attraction.. I have severe claustrophobia. I couldnt imagine being trapped like that..
Where's a video of them getting into the submersible? Where's the video of the debris ?
BRO JUST PRESS THE HOME BUTTON
What I don’t get was the boy was recording and why can’t we see the recording anywhere
I just watched a video that showed how there was  issues with the vessel ahead of time.  They shouldn't have done this... paid half a million dollars to basically die...  What a terrible Father's Day.  RIP to those who lost their lives.
I would call it a modern day suicide
Stupidly is taking lives and they even paid money to die
This is a sign to stay away from it and dont go down there 😢
Jesus why did they take this child with him I'm so sad he didn't want to go this so unfair he had all his life in front of him... street style in this world should Have been protected!!!!! tragic for all of them but especially for. The young boy rest in peace....😢😢😢❤❤❤❤❤
Doubt that it was designed with nasa
Love how the Biden admin distracted everyone with this. Coast Guard knew it imploded days before...
For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him shall not perish, but have everlasting life. 🙏 Do you believe that his son Jesus Christ roamed Earth and got beaten and nailed 2 the cross 2 shed his precious  blood for us 2 wash away all the sins from our hearts, minds, body , souls, n spirit 2 save us cleanse us, save us of our sins?  Have you accepted Jesus Christ into you as Lord and Savior, and Believe? God loves you, I love you, God Bless. 🙏🏻 Pray in Jesus Name Amen!
this was definitely a set up lmao
What a POS company knowingly killing people. Lying bc NASA and Boeing were NEVER involved with this sub. SCUMBAG GARBAGE OF A PERSON. He won't be able to do this ever again to humans
what did a ride on this submarine cost, your life…
Rip to the 5 that were lost 🙏🕊️😇 vary sad what happened
you are very brave
An Xbox controller that’s crazy
why the footage is showing the wrong sub the whole time?
🇮🇳😥😔🙏🏻
4:59  Stockton told David exactly what the problem was with his sub
Rock solid ????
I hope the families sue
The sub got crushed by water pressure it just said on the news.
RITUAL Psyop! ITS AN ILLUSION. AWAKE O SLEEPERS, RISE FROM THE DEAD.
😂
The titanic is cursed.
Because they are all dead my god
Goog luck for searching
If God wanted man to reach those depths, he would have given them the opportunities  of a fish.
don't care
Shoulda brought a door floatation device Worked for Rose
the titanic just needs to be left alone.  not everything needs to be explored
Turns out the the OceanGate CEO stated how he didn’t hire “50-year-old white guys” with military experience to captain his vessels because they weren’t “inspirational.” This is tragic, but that’s a risk you take when you hire based on diversity instead of merit.
Was this a suicide mission ?
They made a choice, oh well.
Another honded memory of the dark side of the ocean floor. space adventure better than underwater adventure compared to both scenarios
so sad
Praying
No interest in going
Praying for a miracle
That ship is cursed …. Stay away
STUPID CEO TITAN😢😢😢
They are finished
The Titanic is a mass grave. Maybe people should leave the poor souls rest instead of trying to visit it.
The only explanation as to why the necklace ballast system or the others did not deploy is implosion.  3200 ft is the range I believe.  Thousands are lost forever at sea.....I read a report that seismic  activity was noted on the sea floor at the moment communication was lost with the submersible..indicates an implosion.... bad news.
That is extremely scary
7 different ways to come up and he only mentions 3!
All that to see the wreckage on a monitor.
" I don't want to hire a fifty-year-old experienceD white guy because that's boring" -the CEO
Rich people that get a thrill out of poking around a graveyard are now a part of it.
Have they met the Titanic crew already?
The report was that they lost contact with the sub just 1 hour or so after diving down. You can assume they are still a little far from bottom, and that snagging can be ruled out. Something must have happened at the instance when they lost contact. Implosion at that not-so-deep level (when they lost contact) can also be ruled out. The question is, what caused the communication breakdown?
"as a human". Well what else you would be?
I know im not the only person feel like someone might had set this up for the submarine to fail
From the bottom of my heart, I hope they are safe and will be rescued soon.  But my mind tells that most of the accidents like this in human history at least until now, not a single case has been successfully rescued.❤
Was the submarine made in China?
Why would anyone ever want to go in that thing in the first place
Imagine if they were found at the bottom arguing over politics and IG clout bs.
I feel so bad those five people payed about 500,00 dollars just to die 13,000 miles under the surface of the ocean and there families                  New fear: Unlocked
If they had scuba gear, would they survive?
One of a kind it is as daily Star called it the games controller sub lol a Hodge podge of mixed bag of parts indeed they won't find this sub it's imploded or trapped on titanic wreckage
They should have used the old ones controller instead. PS controllers are notorious for being unReliable.
How about we rescue all of the abducted   children by the rich!  How about we give that the same stage as you’re giving this story?  #distractions #Cabal
How about we rescue all of the abducted   children by the rich!  How about we give that the same stage as you’re giving this story?  #distractions #Cabal
I love David Pogue
Sub built as cheaply as possible with parts from Amazon and piloted by just anyone.  What could go wrong.
Anyone who would do this is an idiot.
I can’t really think of a much worst way to go out than this. RIP.
Does nobody else think this is quite sus with it been a billionaire on board this?
Titanic is still taking people's lives
Fake news?
Why wasn’t it hooked on a cable especially something going down that deep in the first place? No safety net
Sounds like they were getting a few rich people on board their science experiment to fund it. I mean no seats? Seriously
it also should have been equipped with a helium balloon of giant proportions tied securely to the craft along with at least the top of said vehicle painted bright glow-in-the-dark orange color!!!
Should have used a PS5 controller
How much air do those people have? I don't think the source of the parts is necessary important, but the air is.  Drinking water would be next, without fluids, especially water, their food is useless.
Strong current according to the my calculations lies submarine 58 51 06N20 52 37W
Starke Strömung nach meinen Berechnungen liegt U-Boot 58 51 06N20 52 37W
I been saying this whole thing sounds janky and i didnt even know the details. Smh. This is ridiculous.
This should have never been allowed. There should have been emergency contingencies in place. They should all have wetsuits and oxygen tanks for just in case emergency. And a way to fill the submersible with water to equalize the pressure so they don't get crushed. And then somehow a way to use air to ascend them to the surface in an emergency. So whatever waivers they sign should be null and void.  It should have never been approved to even go underwater without emergency contingencies. $250,000 a ticket.. put that company out of business.
At least Hollywood would get a story and flick out of it
Anybody have a link to Pogue's report from last fall?
Obvious the Bouy Raft never deployed from the sub and took the Sub under to the floor. Possible tilting over under water while descending. They could of also been hit by a diving Whale in the dark.
I think its upsurb  this exploration vehicle can sell their visits of not being liable for any deaths.  Any type of commercial use for this type of danger SHOULD EQUIP THEIR DEVICE WITH THE HIGHEST SAFETY PRECAUTIONS AND LIFE SUPPORT ESCAPE PODS!!!! A one way death trap waiting to happen, which is finally here but a precurse to modify such commercial interactions with a multiple refrences for ESCAPE. ALL SUCH SUBS SHOULD BE REMODIFIED FOR ESAPE PODS NO MATTER THE MONEY. Those poor customers deserve this sense of security and im sure the relatives will sue the company for the better for the future of re designing those subs with escape pods. No matter how hard or how long those designs takes form to build. But no way the Sub owners can sell their service with a contract of not being liable for any deaths.?. These Subs are just accidents waiting to happen and companies should not expose their work to public without the right precautions for rescue. Those poor payers.
I can find better things to do with $250k
It's  just  one  of  the  worse  situations one  can  imagine..just  can't  beat  to  think  how  there  feeling
The  titac curse  again
Is there not like an emergency beacon balloon that would shoot up to the surface to signal, would this not give a way better general idea of where they are??
Now spain cover bank scams.
It's NOT A SUBMARINE
Billionaires use subs for human trafficking and drug transport, so there may be more to this story here.......
a xbox controller.....come on people anyone buying this?
CON MAYUSCULAS TAPAN ESTAFAS BANCARIAS.
It's Playstation controller sir.... If it were an Xbox controller, we wouldn't be in this situation.
the video says that the bathyscaphe is controlled by a joystick . which you can take more .maybe there is still a spare joystick, maybe you can try to launch it from the surface of the water
This is a tragedy, a visual experience that says that we still need to develop and develop. I hope that they will be saved soon!!!
Fake distractions?
If there was a leak, it was over quickly?
I am not making any hard opinions here but The hull of the Titan vessel showed signs of "cyclic fatigue" according to Stockton Rush  (CEO) in 2020 Geekwire did an interview in front of 100s of people He said the "hull rating was downgraded to a depth of 3000 meters...Thats 800 meters short of Titanics depth.
Risk taking!!unbelievable nuts!! That's how some people do it!!
The Titanic was a satanic ritual for the kraken. Before we were able to sacrifice people to it, it used to come to the surface and eat unsuspecting individuals.
What's the title say?   I only seen the outside of a Titanic exploration sub.  That dude sure has a lot of make up on his face!
BRILLIANT WAY TO MAKE MONEY, BUILT A VESSEL WITH PARTS MADE IN CHINA, AND BILL MILLIONAIRES WITH MILLIONS FOR ONE TIME SIGHTSEEING.
It was a Logitech controller.   I'd feel more comfortable with an actual Xbox controller.
I guess some people just don't care very much about losing their life for a temporary thrill. At 250k a pop, we're talking wealthy people, so, I have zero sympathy. Fools.
Can’t wait for the eventual nextflix series in five years. Hope it’s a happy ending
Why don't we help these people who have come into the world people are dying of hunger all over the world People who have wealth are mouthing aimlessly
The titanic ghost were jealous of titan
Someone would pay that much to go inside that? It is an underwater prison without windows and that is NOT a bathroom. I wouldn't even go in for free. 😢
Did they get into the craft with an experienced submariner? If not, it's a reckless decision. To fly 40,000 feet we have at least 2 pilots with highly professional training, a group of flight attendants trained in every imaginable situation from fire to heart attack, multiple instruments, flight manuals, flight planning, thorough preflight check by mechanics, even an ATC to guide them. Plus a whole regulations to follow. Can't imagine who actually thought it would be a good idea to send a bunch of tourists on their own into that depth which is as equally dangerous and unpredictable as going to space.
"...you control it by an Xbox game controller..." That's the problem ! Anyone knows, you have to use a Playstation controller to be on the safe side.
That's one way to make a time capsule with you in it.
Maybe they were rammed by a submarine. Or a leviathan swallowed them.
if they are already floating somewhere but no way to communicate due to malfunction, i bet they are talking about to never go back to sea
When you build a submersible using parts from Harbor Freight and Walmart...and your "designers" are college students without any real world engineering experience.  Brilliant strategy all around!
Wonder how long it will take the bottom feeders of hollywood to make a terrible film about this and cash in a couple of hundred million dollars off it.
I hope cyanide pills are in the first aid kit, otherwise, it will be a slow and painful death. Oops, there is no first aid kit, because only poor people are at risk. Stupid does not happen to rich people.
*guys what if instead of the submarine they find the MH370 😮*
Watergate, Gamergate, Pizzagate and Oceangate. That's all I'm saying
Scammed into getting into a metal tube to die in
1:40 A Logitech controller.  Not even a Microsoft Xbox controller.
My whole hearted sympathy for the victims and family.  But too much pride is not good.
If the sub did implode, will the wreck (or parts of it) float and be able to give us easy proof?
Dont go more than 3000 feet in that sub and what does he do? He takes her 13000 feet its insanity
Imagine being there, managing tk get back on the surface and then still die bcause you cant open any door from the inside. Very stupidly made submarine indeed without caring about safety protocols at all.
Should have invested thst 250k into another house or a sub that wasnt made of stuff they found for free at a abandoned construction site
I pray for the five.
Why are there only women on newscasts now?
were these people trained to deal with depth? I know 2 people did. and why they haven't called James Cameron.?
I pray that these people meet with good🎉
BIG TIME DESIGN FLAW, THERE SHOILD BE A AUTOMATIC BUILT IN BALLON INFLATOR TO BRING THE SUBMARINE ABOVE WATER SURFACE IN CASE OF MALFUNCTIONS. YOU INVEST MILLIONS OF DOLLARS NONE EVEN ONE ENGINEER THINK ABOUT SAFETY PROCEDURES.
খুব সুন্দর smile দিয়ে রথ চালাচ্ছে রিকুবাবু। 😊😊😊
Imagine paying a quarter of a million for your own DEATH 🤷🙄
Imagine paying a quarter of a million for your own DEATH 🤷🙄
A man went to a park and climbed a tree there and started shaking the tree, fell from the tree and got injured, went to the doctor and told the doctor about his condition, the doctor gave him insecticide. The injured person asked the doctor that I am injured and you are giving me insecticide. So the doctor answers. That you had a worm inside you. So you climbed a tree. I'm giving you insecticide so you don't do it again.
Imagine you paid thousands of dollars just to ride an underwater vehicle that has no locator beacon or any kinds of multiple redundancies in case of a failure or an emergency. Whoever built and designed that thing must be sued.
whats goin on behind the scenes while were focusing on this
David Pogue, thanks for going beyond the standard MBa view of the situation. Would have been nice if you could have talked about all 7 methods of surfacing.
question, what provides heating to the capsule? No one seems to know the answer.
Ferway to mado my fer Spanish  lady's.
operated by an xbox controller, everyone rolls to one side to release ballast, no radio, no tether no sonar or location awareness.  wow, what a death trap and it was all about making money.     everyone on board with more guts than brains
What would be really "Fuked up" they managed to resurface 10 miles down range from currents or storm, Window, whatever but No Form of comms and they die from exposure cause everyone's looking below the surface
Okay, boomer. It's clearly a PS controller.
I have a sick feeling that this submersible imploded under extreme pressure and killed then all.
There is billionaires on board. They could afford a cord to attach to the submarine to be pulled to the surface. Ooops. Safety First!
They were eaten by the "Meg".
I wish safety and a safe return to their loved ones for everyone."
Big law suit to who ever made this, and to the company..
The more I learn about this company, the more I’m shocked at how people actually trusted this ceo with their lives and 250k?? Using scraps from a construction site as part of a “solution” should anything go wrong? Unbelievable!!!
I think that we should stop hating on them. Sure they knew what they were getting themselves into but they still have love ones who are just waiting to hear anything. And I just feel bad for those passengers. It’s crazy to think that people could be making jokes or rude comments about people who could potentially die.
What if it's stuck IN the Titanic? They might have tried to see something & got stuck. I hope they find them.
Haunted
Around 20 years ago i watched a BBC documentary about continental drift. It had a little submarine called ALWIN  that submerged alll the way down to the Mid Atlantic rift. I recall Alwin having 'arms' to gather samples. Perhaps they should get Alwin over to The Titanic and if found it could use its arms to manually pull up the missing sub up to the surface.
What do you call billionaires at the bottom of the ocean?....... a good start
An xbox controller and abandoned construction pipes...jesus. dont care who helped co design this. That's irresponsible.
the remote probably broke
You all too much leave the titanic alone.
*Cost of visiting the wreck of the Titanic via submersible ~ 250K*   *Cost of staying at the wreck of the Titanic via submersible ~ Priceless*
How werid
I hope the rescue sub doesn’t go missing as well and then it turns into one of those scenarios
The moment I notice that the sub was being operated by and Xbox controller would have been my signal to exit...
Inside de submarine or inside the ocean ?
This looks nothing like submarine,so sad like something from cartoon network!
They are long dead.
I hope Vertasium, SmarterEveryday, other YTers aren't any of them 😅
Welp the first ppl to pay a quarter of a mil for suicide. Someone needs to call Ripley's, or Guinness book of world records
They didn't have technical troubles on David's trip, they took him down as far as they thought he could handle.
You pay a quarter million dollars to risk your life into the ocean to see some junk that has been buried for decades
Were there any Orca's sighted in the area?
Next time use a PS5 controller not Xbox rich kids
Keyword *JANKY*
cheap Chinese battery died.
Корм
THEY ARE DEAD   LOL
The Titanic must feed ☠️
HAHA  TO BAD  HAHA   RICH PEOPLE HAHA
I think there are better ways to spend a quarter million dollars..
It’s crazy to think how we are spending hundreds of thousands of dollars of not millions to save five millionaires/billionaires that got bored with normal life and needed a thrill.  I want to know if the governments of Canada and the u.s. are going to send the bill to oceangate.
What's the point of physically going down to the wreck if your just observing it on a laptop screen?
Oh yea they are designed by nasa ...there totally safe
Easy one they are gone where all the rich are going "secret cave" before bombs fall... just a thought.
No, sorry, if the crew cabin was built with Nasa specifications, it would not be powered by a wireless knockoff Xbox controller.  This thing was a ticking time bomb since construction and the company deserves the lawsuits that will come from this.
Thats crazy! Ive always been in to titanic story and now to hear this
250 000$ for 1 dive. anyone wasting that kind of money has to be an idiot.
Did a whale eat it?
Man that $*** was clearly a setup anytime u got a billionaire on a boat, plane, whatever and something goes wrong it def ain't no coincidence
Buy another one ya rich mothafuckas
Paid $250k just to die? That’s wild
So they can tag a shark and track it but not a submarine?
Rich people problems.
Imagine they’re still sinking 😳
Fueron a visitar al titanic y ahora están con ellos
Never mess with mother nature. Ppl will never learn.
Terrible tragedy.! I grieve.
Вообще наплевать, утонул и утонул, подумаешь пара человек захлебнулось, в день тонут сотни людей и ничего, а тут раздули на весь мир т.к. там миллиардер из США, очевидно же что всем глубоко п... наплевать, утонул да и хрен бы с ним, доигрался... Вот когда Турцию тряхнуло так, что десятки тысяч невинных людей, детей и т.д. в одночасье погибли, пострадали, потеряли свои дома, да не просто так, а из-за конкретных жуликов, вот это важно, этих архитекторов и их семьи надо прилюдно казнить. Семьи архитекторов казнить обязательно для того, что бы больше не плодились такие утырки, кто строит карточные домики из глины, полностью наплевав на качество, при этом сами жили в особняках и хотели сдрыстнуть из страны. А этот миллиардер - да и х бы с ним...
We don’t have a clue what’s out there in that ocean… remember that.  New discovery’s daily.
It's a PlayStation controller
Aliens got them.
250k and they forgot the xbox controller batteries Smh.
Someone call James Cameron! We have a mission for him.
I thought everything made in USA are the best.
I honestly believe the Titanic is haunted and this may be the reason this is happening. By trying to make money to go see a place where so many people died idk its like dancing in someone's grave.
I am very sorry for the missing people, and I hope they survive. However, I hate tourism like this, 1500 titanic passengers have their final resting place under the ocean. The tragic vicims should have been allowed to Rip.
Wow die Kapsel mit der Nasa gebaut und dann Xbox Controller? Klingt schon sehr Strange. Hoffen wir das beste ❤
So they pay $250k and get to see the wreckage in a “monitor”!??!????!!? I could see that in my 4k tv from my couch and don’t need to pay $250 thou!! Good lord!
If they have died or going to die! I'd take emplosion! Its the easiest and quickest way to go! You'd just stop existing.
send aquaman
The worst part out of this whole thing is he doesn’t know the difference between Xbox and PlayStation.
An Xbox controller? Damn
Why on earth would you want to watch the TITANIC on totally improvised and non approved submarine that has already been lost and has the capacity of a mini van? I pray that the crew of that sub gets found safely, but I can't vouch for them in the first place.
@1:29 The fact that Pogue used the 90's Black slang term "janky" is more astonishing than the fact that he actually got into that hooptie.🤣
People paying qtr million to ride in a xbox controlled sub thats been put together with parts from home depot and lowes 😂 jesus all this "it has" and its dead in the water....litterally.
There should be a safe line to be able to pull back top side
Some things shouldn’t be explored
an expensive coffin
Hot garbage
I could careless about those three mf
Lmao rich ppl 😂🤣
“one toilet and of course they bought snacks” - not sure there are too concerned about shitting
You would never get me on that thing. 😮😮 Praying all is ok !
I am glad I saw this!!!
they paid 250K to go down in basically a handmade sub solo with no other safety precautions....sorry no sympathy here
The orcas are at it again
$1million of FUEL spent per TRIP just to do one of these excursions. That includes the submersible as well as the ship that takes it out to the area.  May be they shouldn't have named it TITAN
shocking thing is that 400 people could have died off the coast of greece and no one gives a dam.. 2 billionaires go missing and th world stops..
Should've checked the batteries in that game controller
Mother nature people don't respect
May souls Rest in peace ✝️❤️
Reading the company website they make it sound as tho more experts than  tourists onboard but listening to this man it is other way round.
If a 20 or 15 meter long squid caught this submarine, it would drag it around playing and the submarine has no engine against the strength of such an animal. 🦑I believe that when she hugged the submarine, it broke the transmission and communication cables and left the crew in a panic and without communication.
In short, it is a bin that ran out of money during construction. 😂 Has anyone considered a clash with Russian, Chinese or American submarines?
Embarrassing
Even if they find them alive down there there is nothing they can do. Even if the vessal can somehow surface before air runs out they will die because there are 17 bolts holding the door that only be undone from the outside.
I do not like that they showed a picture of the Limiting Factor while talking about how Janky the Titan is. Limiting Factor is not affiliated with Ocean Gate. Lord the news crews suck these days
RICH PEOPLE AND THEIR TOYS, WHAT DO YOU EXPECT.
How can sometjing like this not have a tracker? Specially for something like this. Im sure if they can bulit soe.hting liek this,they can add a tracker. This makes no semse to me. I hope they're found alive.
They should've used a PS5 controller  Xbone controllers are no good
Correction,  was on its way to explore the Titanic.
The orcas drowned them
Now that I have finally made $1 billion what am I going to do next? perhaps a plane ride with John Denver no, I know I’ll borrow Christopher Reeve‘s horse named buck no I’ve got it I’ll get into a 22 foot can with four other people and dive 12,500 feet into the ocean what could possibly go wrong.🚢🙈🕯️🕯️🕯️🕯️🕯️
I wonder how close the submersible actually gets to the wreck? It looks close from the images but is there a limit they set   to eliminate the chance of snagging?
are we just using JANKY in serious news reporting now?
All this would have been avoided if the Sub was tethered.
Rich people love dying in the most unlikely places!!
Ya, outcome seems inevitable but hope for their safe return.
Ask Victor Vescovo and his Triton for help.
They paid 250K each to explore 🙆‍♂️ wow rich folks got money 2 waste while life’s hard here in Zimbabwe, hopefully they find em alive
Hopefully no one has to poop
Dead.
is this the Bermuda Triangle region or its surrounding ? can anyone tell?
3:48  rofl. They are getting lost down there repeatedly and still keep going for more and more expeditions. It was just a matter of "when?" are things going downhill. This whole expedition shouldn't be a thing, leave the Titanic alone. But then again, everyone was aware of the risk it takes to dive down 4000 meters. There is a reason why only a few equipments can get down that far into the ocean.
Megalodon took them 🦈
X box controller ? Other chancel said it was controlled by a ps3 controller … 🤔
A rare surviving extant Megalodon shark attacked the sub and ate the crew.....
Looks like a sub made in a college science class
They paid all that money 🤑 for deadly claustrophobia?! I do hope they make it...
Think it may of hit an iceberg
My heart goes out to those on the sub. Hoping they have at the least a chance to survive. Why isn't there an emergency sonar pinging device that goes off in an emergency? I was stationed on 2 Navy ships and know that the ocean can be both beautiful and terrifying.
Что случилось с батискафом? Он утонул.
Thoughts with those on board.,
It doesnt matter if the pressure-safe vessel is NASA designed for survival if you're operating it with a f X-Box joystick! This definitely shouldnt have a license to operate whatsoever! Its so absurd and unprofessional/unsafe, its laughable
I can tell ya one thing, the people of Cape Breton Island care
Titanic is saying ENOUGH! Let the souls here in the deep rest in peace.
They brought snacks???
What sort of snacks?
If I was a customer on that sub? Whenever they open the hatch. They would find the Crew beaten to death.  (To save Oxygen)
Their hearts will go on.
Imagine paying a quarter of a million dollars to commit suicide,I hope the family members that inherit their estates find a smarter and safer way to spend the money
Praying for their rescue to be successful 🙏 🤞
After all these years Titanic claims a few more lives.  And it isn't done yet.
Do not get in a submarine period unless you're a scientist and the US navy is involved
I watched a film from the underwater nuclear test program and they had a camera in a submarine at 500 feet.  When the hull breached the water filled up faster than you can snap your fingers.  That was at 500 feet.  At 8000 feet or deeper, it would be instantaneous.
Submarine made out of junk😂 Maybe they should ask the narcos and drug traffickers how to make a submarine.
Well clearly it was more janky than he believed
This situation will not end well.
Leave that dead zone alone humans, it’s not going anywhere
This was just an accident waiting to happen
Trumps in it on his way to Russia running away from Jail! Maybe Vietnam 🇻🇳 or China  He let Jared Kushner pilot it because he plays X Box at his moms house! 😂😮😂
Stupid dangerous thing to do
It's a backyard homemade piece of junk.
5 guys at-least 1 of them had to have a. iPhone 📱call apple they know where it is for sure.
Makes you wonder why the " to the surface beacons are not showing. They deploy easily. They know the " Enter" spot, they know where it was headed.  Sonar noise can be heard from space with listening equipment.   It's either hung up on debris or it imploded. Not many reasons why it can't be detected. Sad indeed.  I would say the submersible imploded at 3200 feet.... period. Game over.
How dark
So, this has been going on for 24-36 hours, and they have 96 hours of oxygen to start with. The odds are alarming, given that they haven't been able to make an emergency surfacing.
I wonder what a pin hole leak would look like 2 miles underwater? The pressure is something like 6500 psi +++
was the orcas
It’s crazy this thing has no radio to communicate no gps and no epirb or anything. Insane
Swap out the batteries for the controller. Happens everytime unless you have a rechargeable
Going that deep in something janky just sounds stupid
Imagine how those millionaires felt knowing that all that money still couldn’t save their life’s.
I guess we are all taking a risk when we aboard an airplane, but airplanes have proved themselves more safe than underwater adventures.
Oh, how awful. How could anyone go down under water like that? Submarines even have accidents too. No thank you, man was not meant to be under water like that, no sireee.
Thanks for the information💡I thought this was a modern submarine with a lot of technic and communicationsystems etc [Like Alvin]But from what heard now and what I heard from other News,it is just a Tube that only have a Playstationstick to move the Submarine up and down and has zero GPS or a Emergencysystem to make contact to Ships on the surface,if everything breaks down.Und to go down 3800 or more without a technic like that,is in my personal opionen playin russcian roul..Tzzz,and if this wasn't bad enough,they seem to have in the past problems with the batteries,which is a absolute no go□After hearing all of these facts,Im lost for words and I see no chance that the people in this submarine are still alive.God save their souls,and maybe if there is zero chance,maybe there will be something like a wonder or whatever🙏
Let’s be real. We haven’t explored the ocean fully. Something big took down that submarine
That thing has imploded.
Janky sounds about right. Saying there is no comms at the bottom is nonsense. Look at the recent expeditions with the Five Deeps program and their sub (built by Triton Submarines) that not only explored the Titanic, but also the deepest points of all 5 oceans. Granted it was only designed for 2 persons, it had full comms, and none of this cobbled together ballast as described in this video. Sounds like cut corner shoddy engineering that has been described on this lost sub.
The US blocked the UK from aiding the search, despite the UK having a search vessel that can reach 5000m instead of 3000m. Can someone tell me the logic of the US doing this?
Something is under the water.
This is so crazy
Why did they even go in person. That sub is a complete closed "can" controlled by wireless Joystick (just like a drone) You dont even have windows on that thing. Only cameras and monitors. So why not use a drone to "dive" and the hull just for the "effect" on land? thats way more safer and the experience is about the same when you only see the outside on a monitor.
If they are found alive that company is gonna have THE BIGGEST lawsuit imaginable
Controlled by Xbox controller? No wonder it's lost they nust also have some mickey mouse safety
I paid a quarter of a million dollars to die with the other victims of the Titanic……they did it for free.
So they found it? Since CBS news is inside it?
Ocean gate has to be one of the worst names for a situation like this
They were probably eaten by a sea monster who preferred rich dishes,!
Don't worry is the joystick drift.
Only for those with more money than brain cells  Now the privelidged nut jobs are putting more lives at risk to go search and rescue an improvised tube controlled by a whatnow? microsoft games controlller???   Let's face it, they're done, why send more bodies to rescue the stupid Just say GAME OVER and leave them where they are
BIENVENIDOS A LA ERA DEL CAMBIO CLIMATICO
The on board bathroom (a bucket) must have a waiting line by now?
"...an experimental submersible vessel that has not been approved or certified by any regulatory body..." This is stated on the disclaimer... Nope... 🇿🇦
Paid 250,000 to visit a mass grave and get the full Titanic experience. Big yikes.
Just thinking about being stuck in that tiny sub makes me feel sick to my stomach , hope they can be rescued
the should allways have 2 pilots ...maybe this pilot got a stroke or heartattack ...god knows..lets hope they wil be found being well...being a billionar doesen t help him a bit now...
New is trying real hard to get them clicks. "Race against time" They are 2 days from shore 12,000 feet down. Ain't a dam thing anyone can do if they are not on the surface.
Imagine being the coast guard having to look for this needle in a haystack. You’re basically having to search for the titanic all over again.
A quarter of a million dollars for a paying passenger and you gotta bring your own snacks ????? Hmmm 🤔
The MEG ....Trust me !!
NASA and University of Washington have left the chat…
Can’t imagine being lost at sea but being lost under the sea must be a different kind of scary
I caught myself gasping for air. Horrible tour of the titanic.
Imagine being a billionaire and taking an underwater vacation in a submarine. If any of us went missing in our own cities these people wouldn’t even look for us or report on it.
Why is the guest smiling ?!?!
I can guarantee that they will not say who is actually on the sub
My heart goes out to those suffering right now.  Let's be clear.  This was NOT science.  All the science and name-dropping is "likely" just cover for a janky high-end tourist operation that should have been regulated with safety inspections.  I suspect the pressure vessel ruptured catastrophically at 500 atm making it an instant pancake.  Still much we don't know about carbon composite aging.  Time will tell.
i think can be meg that took them down or somebody else took them down cause there no way they are going find it i am paying for everyone on there
People who are supposed to activate the 7 methods are incapacitated because they are unconscious, or some weird current dragged them off course in that case they might just pop up somewhere else. But all our prayers to see them alive.
How long can you breathe in a  submarine??.
If it lost communication 1hr in. That still 1hr 30 of free falling if power went. Im sorry but i pray for them and families. Also resuce is a no chance
When you look through these comments there are less people praying and more people talking all sorts of negative things....if people were praying they would have been found by now
Maybe the batteries of the X Box controller ran out.
My God. They paid for their deaths... Heartbreaking...
The spirits dragged them down.
$250.000 and the thing is controlled by a x box game controller, nah .
Why don't they set off the emergency beacon. Everyone has them.
So your saying he has insurance
They were told not to flush the toilets !
The irony is they are still viewing the wreck via monitors. They could have done that on the surface for $250 000 less.
Maybe a shark swallowed it🤷
Did that lady say "As a human"?
Random question based on some thing someone else posted in a comment. Could the Navy not send a submarine down there to look around?
250k for what? Buy a house for the homeless if you are bored with your money
Made a break for the artic circle surrounding our lands
3 extremely rich thrill seekers. At least they went out the way they all probably figured they would.
They can't go to the bottom of the Ocean, but we are to believe these same scientists can go to the moon? yeah right
Imagine paying half a million dollars to go this way, and the fact the capsule can only be opened from the outside…praying for a miracle.
'Near Canada", where did U go to school ? .. it is off of the East coast of Maritime Canada.
Play stupid games win stupid prizes
I have to say that if they are not found on the surface somewhere (and they would have been by now), then they are all dead. This submarine has no oxygen generation equipment, so even if it is intact, they will likely run out of air before a recovery can be possible. If it was some kind of mechanical failure that caused a loss of hull integrity, then at least they went quickly as they would have been crushed instantly. Bottom line is that Sub is a death trap.
If it did implode, would part float to the surface or would the thermocline hold it at a certain level?
Just the thought of the one furthest from the toilet having to climb past the others invokes claustrophobia
As the hours tick away it’s looking grim.  The privately designed submersible was designed for deep depths, but with limited funding.  The people inside are bolted in with no way of escaping without external help to get them out.  To survive they need to be found on the surface with a ship having the equipment to remove the large bolts before the air runs out.
Ocean Gate Expeditions is like the Johnson & Johnson Vaccine no one will be trying to explore whatever they have to offer again.
I'D rather fly to the moon!
god help them
Best case scenario they are found on the surface 2nd case scenario you find theme dead under water worst case scenario you find theme alive underwater I mean what do you do if you find theme and can’t get to theme because the water pressure is to heavy for your team to handle the crew is gonna run out of air and die and that is a horrible way to go
Has anyone ruled out The Meg?
I feel like the second it went into the water I would panic and want out…and just thinking of that feeling in the safety of my home gives me chills.
Forgot to charge the Xbox controller.
Please Read!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They should load another submarine that can dive just as deep into the plane and drop it with false whistles over the spot where the other one is missing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!🎉🎉🎉¡¡  ￼
No ammount of money can save them.....
I find it totally mindboggling why anyone would pay all that money to see a graveyard leave titanic alone now to rest eternal peace. They are going to need a massive miracle to be rescued. 🇬🇧
Would u trust a submersible sub with ur life that navigates with a  Xbox controller????
Truly, it is hard to understand the absolute arrogance on humans to make a buck, said earlier just like the failed Everest expedition where rich folks died too. This is a shame
So they didn’t even see the boat? 😭
Why people in there  should have been all robotic recording
Is Jeff Bezos in there?
Sorry their dead
Imagine having billions of dollars and not even that can save you now. Terrifying
There gone Some. One planes it probably us government killed them and took there money
Why are there no pictures inside the sub??
It’s time to call Jason Statham
The MEG has them
it is actually a repeat of what happened to these 1500 people who died, these rich people want to see the wreckage and at the same time the same fate awaits them, even if you have so much money death is always around the corner and can strike anytime at the moment you least expect it
Every interview I see this guy he is smiling lime he is happy that the people are missing. Because he has a story on the sib it benefits him
Same reason why idiots cant make it to the moon again after 50 years.  Our technology has become more dumb
"Titan" the name alone would have risen suspicions with me.
Ain't safe doing that at all. our technology still isn't good enough for that deep ocean.let it go Titanic is gone let them rip .making money off it pfft no people are missing.
Why is he creepily smiling like one of those zombies on the “From” series, did he use the word janky?? This is a grave situation, have some compassion.
Lord Jesus, there is nothing too difficult for You, may this submersible be located rescue all lives and give them all the Testimony of lifetime. Amen
4:46 Stockton is revealing exactly what the dangers are
thalassophobia and claustrophobia.  NO THANK YOU MAM!!!
If that UK Billionaire donated instead his trip money to charity, he’d probably be still alive today. Just too much disposable income for such trivial pursuits of the rich and famous, KARMA!
their billions wont save them now
Sad news but this is why deep wrecks should not be tourist destinations.  I hope they do get to them on time.
Sadly only a matter of time before this happened, i hope they are found ok😔
U call this guys BS card
No matter how much money I had ..I would not get in that thing Ever 😮
i believe the titanic is cursed these explorers need to leave well alone
Bermuda Triangle has just moved up to the North Atlantic.
fish food
they are on the bottom LOL
Man I can’t imagine paying that absurd amount of money to go do something no one could pay me enough to go do
This is what happens when filthy rich people have nothing else to spend their wealth on...Bon Voyage.
Darwin 2023 nomination? I don't know the IDIOCY of this? Taking tourists mind you wealthy ones two miles underwater to see a decaying grave yard ship!!! About as stupid as those paying up to $100 thousand dollars to summit Everestt only to end up dead! SMH!
The gost of  the Titanic took them
both the reporters are extremely overweight
If there's a leak it's gonna be crushed like a tin can I really hope there ok
I don't understand why you go play with the sea in that small thing..
Snagged but its ok theyve got snacks
They were taken by the meg.😊
Best analysis ive heard
Darwin Award contenders.
one thing i do not understand: WHY SUCH EXPENSIVE EQUIPMENT DOES NOT HAVE AN ALWAYS WORKING TRACKING SYSTEM AND CAN GET LOST??? This goes also for any plane lost in waters. Prayers to find them alive🙏🧚🧎‍♀️
"The part that keeps you alive is rock solid", he says.  That is what they said about The Titanic before it sunk.    The lesson of the Titanic - the danger of mankind's hubris - is being taught again.
The most unreal thing is there is only 1 button and thats it. No emergency override, anything.
It’s Erie to see David smiling
Namor has left the chat
my wild imagination sees the same aliens that were sighted in Vegas just few weeks ago has something to do with this :D
I'll tell you whats going on, some shady nefarious things thats what.
Aliens
There are places that only machines should visit.
Another insurance scam.
There is nothing to worry about, those on board are fully insured, they got all kind of insurance, life insurance, motor(submarine) insurance, legal insurance  etc. They will get 100's of million dolar life insurance compensation, their relatives are probably already started partying.
….. An Xbox controller …..
Correction @ 3:24: CO2 scrubbers do NOT convert CO2 to oxygen, they ABSORB the excess CO2...
Megalodon got hungry
Have you seen the video of what it's like inside this thing?  It's literally a giant tin can that's controlled by (and I kid you not) what looks like a third party rip-off of an xbox controller.  It sucks that these people died but man, if you get this wealthy just donate that 200K to a charity in your local community or something.
They got devoured by a megalodon.
I wouldnt dive into a swimming pool in that thing never mind dive to the titanic, looks like something put together in a junk yard 😮
It may be down there wit the thressher.
I hate that the guy is smiling during the interview, what a complete piece of  trash
They should try looking in the ocean. I bet you a good chance they are there.
Could the control pad have a drift issue?
Saved $20 000 by borrowing his kids xbox controller, maybe the Bluetooth broke
Maybe it’s some kind of sign. To let the people of the titanic rest in peace, and not to disturb them I don’t know.
So sad to know about people but technolgy is very poor 😂😂😂😂😂
They picked the wrong guy to interview. With every word he takes way hope. 🤦🏽‍♂️  Hopefully they are found and safe.
Oh THAT part is rock solid. But the rest can be janky...  So what does it matter if the maneuverability sucks and hits the bottom then eventually air just runs out. EVERYTHING has to be "none janky".... gosh On top of that. They have the balls to take 250 grand from people to go in it.
So the important thing is the part that is made by Nasa will allow youbto die a slow horrible death because everything else is held together with duck tape. Jesus. Its cheaper to by a 9mm pistol and box of aammo.
PLOT TWIST - this is all a scam, the crew are safe & well. They will be "rescued" in the next couple of days & already have their multi, multi million dollar book & film deals signed & sealed  😕
THEY ARE SITTING AT THE BOTTOM OF THE ATLANTIC IMPLODED. SERVES THEM RIGHT. THEY SHOULD NOT HAVE BEEN THERE IN THE FIRST PLACE. LET THOSE PEOPLE REST IN PEACE. TOURISTS DONT BELONG THERE. IN FACT, NO ONE ELSE BELONGS THERE. WE ALREADY HAVE ENOUGH VIDEOS OF THAT THING. RESPECT THE DEAD NOT MAKE MONEY OFF THEM.
im no engineer but that sub looks flimsy...
Some footages are not the lost sub but another sub called "limiting factor"
It’s controlled by an xbox like game controller ?? Maybe the controller died ?
keep it simple! they lost communications at 2 hours!!!!  air would be fine, power fine, depth getting pretty deep by that time. they are not at wreck yet!!! but to loose communications and not have surfaced by this time tells us this is 95% chance imploded!  7 ways to resurface, not one used so far. communications and no cable??????/ it doesn't take a rocket scientist to tell you this is very serious gambling with your life. My guess they are not coming back!
A billionaire is on there… that is a crazy way to end your life after doing everything you can afford, to stay safe and live long.
xbox controller, scaffolding tubes 🤦‍♂
Controlling the thing with an xbox controller? ......................
Well they got the full Titanic experience including sinking
Ok.. but what does the tourist do inside the research submarine? theres a reason why virgin galactic, blue and spacex tour to space is halted. Its dangerous! and this submarine control parts are improvized? this is not a game. The owner should go to jail u pay million to die?
... hello human
Hey there is still a good chance they just lost all power and surfaced .big ocean out there it would take some time to find a small craft. But?? Can they open the hatch???
His honesty that they're already dead that's what we need to hear. Hopefully they are fine but this was a dangerous mission we dont want false hope
Would you rather be hopelessly stuck with time for last thoughts, or a quick implosion?  I'm claustrophobic, I am literally going to get up and go take a valium just from thinking about it. Sad times.
Watch it be a net
Tye,still,taken,lives,why,should,you,die,before,your,time,young,man,proverb,
Now with this 👀 I am going to cancel my reservation 🇺🇸
Another billionaire randomly died in either an airplane or now a submarine. Just like Andrew Tate said on the PBD Podcast.
At this point I am sure they are dead by now. We'll know by Wednesday
Sadly there is no way theyre alive. 🤯🤯🤯
I hate to say it but these people are dead. If they aren’t already they will be very very soon
Everything about this janky sub sounds very janky
If not a catastrophic hull failure. Then maybe the oxygen filtration system failed and they all eventually succumbed to asphyxiation? Seeing as the hull is supposedly designed pretty well and all 7 methods of resurfacing have “failed”. They’d of passed out before realizing there was an issue.
"If there was a leak, which is VERY unlikely" That's what they said about the Titanic bruh
The mate was a mighty sailor man, the skipper brave and sure five passengers set sail that day for a 6 hour tour, a 6 hour tour.The weather started getting rough the submarine was tossed if not for the courage of the fearless crew the sub would be lost,the sub would be lost.......
But. . . . . TO   P A Y    A   QUARTER   OF   A   MILLION   DOLLARS.....FOR   T H A T  .  . . . . . . NOPE
Omg
A floating SOS beacon that can be released from the sub would be nice.
All the families wanna here is its made of janky stuff for 200k a ride lol
Yep, it was janky all right. "and sometimes they don't know where they are" 🤯
The meg got em
Comms work just fine underwater! Why would he say that?
She literally said, "As a human.."
Contact was lost at the approximate time it would have reached the Titanic. It may be entangled in the wreckage.
Okay guys, it’s 12 hours on and we still haven’t heard from them. This is catastrophic failure.🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
People will always continue to do stupid things
They seem to offer the full experience.
Pressure hull or not, they were diving at near crush depth for it repeatedly. If you don’t keep up on maintenance then fatigue cracks become big cracks.
to infinity n below....
I hope they rescue them, but I also think this is a sign that people need to stop being so ghoulish over the Titanic. I heard recently that the Titanic, in terms of the number of academic papers that have been written on it, is the most studied artefact in human history - more than the great Pyramids, Stonehenge, or the Mona Lisa. I find that a profoundly depressing fact
Absolutely horrifying thinking of what could have happened. I am only hoping for the best and that they return safely
There are no viable options, if not dead already, they soon will be.
This is why humans don’t go two and a half miles beneath the sea in a tin can,
$250,000 ticket per person...wow...it would be better if they spend those money in right place rather than checking out 100+ old sea grave...nonsense...i don't feel pity for  tourists...but feeling bad for pilot and scientists...
3 days left for LiL Mermaid 2 save m...wait 4 it
Doomed
Guess they want to blame the government now. Maybe next time these private business should be prepared and better be ready to be sued to bankruptcy
THEY ARE NOT CREWMEMBERS, THEY ARE JUST PASSENGERS!
now theyll be a tourist attraction themselves, more drowned millionaires.
I hope they get back and realize tourism has limits.
It’s a knock off ps4 controller
Titanic's cursed
this is definitely not a buccet list thing 2 do. damn.🥴🥴
The Titanic has always been a big interest of mine ever since I was a kid (when it had just been discovered). So when I heard about these tours, I thought if I was rich, this is really something I'd love to do. I think it would be amazing to see the Titanic in person. Especially since there isn't much time left to see it. And I just assumed these submersible must be all about safety in every category you can imagine.   Now of course, I'm having second thoughts. Part of what makes the Titanic fascinating is it has such a deep, cold, dark resting place. But I would not want to share that resting place! My God, that's gotta be one of the scariest, gloomiest ways to go. Even if you ultimately survived, the panic they must feel, having no contact, possibly being lost deep in the cold, dark Atlantic...that has to be psychological torture.   Man, I'm glad this was way out of my price range. But there are people on that submersible who had the same interest as me. I hope they're still alive, and can be found in time.
OMG.."X BOX COTROLLER TO NAVIGATE  ,1/4 OF MILLION PER TICKET 🎟 AND THE SIZE OF A MINIVAN!!!😮😮😮 NOT WORTH IT.
Titanic sank many, many years ago. Many other ships have gone down, since then. Why? Why is this still a thing?
Nope I'm good !
This seems both reckless and stupid.  The Titanic is a graveyard not a tourist attraction😢
I’d ask for a refund
This will end up in a mr ballen or scary interesting video
This guy is talking about how it’s really unlikely that there was a leak or they got snagged in a fishing net but the very ship they went to explore was believed to be unsinkable.
These windows are 9 inches thick and if they go, it's sayonara in two microseconds.
Anything to do with this doomed ship seems jinxed. What a nightmare.
This is perhaps silly to ask but can someone explain what the sub would look like IF there was a pressure leak? Like if 12000ft below someone stepped out of the sub…do they just instantly explode? Or do they get crushed like a pancake and then look flattened? What would the sub look like? Flat like a pancake too?
Another possibility, sea monsters! 😮🫣
Thats scary.
These things looked worrisome back several months ago when CBS did their story on it. I went back to it today to view it again. As much as I would love to see Titanic, I would only go with Robert Ballard or James Cameron - and that's a pipe dream
So of 5 people pay 250,000 and that equals 1,2500,00.  Why is it made with off the shelf parts and then operating off a Xbox controller??  250,000 dollars per person is really still weird. Because it just is. Wow.   Well , you pay what you get ti experience I suppose.   So, the scientist didn't pay on this trip is that person a regular?
They are likely dead.
😭😭😭dying while  spending 250k is crazzzzy
Did he say Xbox game controller???
Drain the Atlantic now
It must be extremely horrifying for those on board to come to a conclusion that their sub could possibly be their tomb and the pitch black ocean could be their final resting place.
I bet the Russians have kidnapped this vehicle somehow
Who is in this pod that it needs Global Attention?? Nobody said who was in it??
First it's near Cape cod, now it's near Canada. The submersible was being controlled by the people who are in the sub😮. APTTMH God of Abraham Isaac and Jacob. You get what you pay for 😮 At what point will the heathens stop testing the GOD of Abraham Isaac and Jacob
rip guys
Or some kind of military or foreign military submarine took them out
Could this just be a publicity stunt?
Now we can have a real Titanic 2 movie  lol
A fool and his money are soon parted
Read more …                                                   that’s deep.
The Titanic is almost 2 and a half miles down, the possibility that anyone has survived on that sub for this long is zero, unless it has somehow resurfaced somewhere in the Atlantic hundreds of miles away from where they were supposed to be and haven't been located or spotted yet, and even then 17 bolts you have to take out from the outside...that's just stupid. Even if they have made it back to the surface, they going to die in it waiting to be found from lack of air and heat buildup.
Nothing good comes out when visiting wreckage of doomed ships ,you can become wreckage yourself
The irony is that whatever is left of these rich morons (At that depth, the sub would implode like a crushed beer can) are going to be made into caviar from whatever fish eats them. No sympathy for the rich.   "Then said Jesus unto his disciples, Verily I say unto you, That a rich man shall hardly enter into the kingdom of heaven. And again I say unto you, It is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle, than for a rich man to enter into the kingdom of God."  Matthew 19:23-26 KJV
The titanic reaches up from the grave and claims more victims
they are all dead and only thing we want to know is why the Feds wasting all our money to rescue billionaire morons
I’m praying for everyone on board and involved.   That dude didnt pull any punches. He was straight up honest!
Hate to say it but, the world is full of stupid people. Now there are 5 less.
Aliens...underwater aliens.. DUH
Pay $250,000 to get lost deep in the ocean. Smart move, come on people.
Damn idiots, that’s what they get 😂🤣
first world upper class problems, Am I supposed to feel bad for rich bast666 ,Who are bored.Meanwhile , We r getting robbed by carbon taxes and interest hikes to cool ,What carbon tax causes
The youngest Titanic victims
The Titanic is still taking lives. Interesting development
-Скупой платит дважды!… Создали какое-то корыто.Продали людям билеты.Пожалели денег для разработки более совершенного аппарата…
$250,000 for a ride in a sub.  I got better things to spend that kind of money on.
This was the sub's first tour of the Titanic?
i think they got caught on something. Thats why its important to have two subs!
Stupid people shouldn't have been there
This was a crazy mission. Why would anyone want to go over 2 miles down into an ocean with the only way to escape is bolted shut from the outside. That thing was like a tomb. No seats, likely no good lighting, no food, not much water to drink, plastic bag for a bathroom, scrunched in there like sardines no room to move. Doesn't sound very comfortable at all. RIP if they've succumbed to whatever went wrong.
I don't understand why you would use a submarine designed the way it is to work at those depths. Most normal subs have a hatch at the top that is as small as you can get away with. To dive in a submarine were the whole of one end of the subs pressure envelope is the hatch, if i understood a separate video correctly. So surely that means you either recover the whole sub in one go or the occupants perish. If an aircraft has a emergency beacon on board in case of a ditching at sea...there must be such a thing on a submersible of this type. There's a saying about aircraft that if it looks right it is right. This sub just doesn't look right to me. Watching an advertising video the company has published about visiting the Titanic, i can't believe they are allowed to fly over the ship in such close proximity. You would have thought that anything bigger than an ROV would be banned, in case a failure occurs and the sub fails onto or into the ship. I thought it was supposed to be a recognised grave site. If it took all those years to find Titanic the size she is what luck will they have with a sub the size of a peanut in comparison. Let's hope they can be recovered in time.
When planes land at airports they are all given maintenence checks. The way this sub was designed, with off the shelf parts and used parts, I wonder if a systems check was even carried out before the sub took off for the tour.
Man this guys making some bank talking to literally every media outlet about this sub! Wonder if he's in on it
"they all bought snacks" like wtf are they gonna survive on cheez it?
The aliens got them..
Why would anyone do this?
Their focus, was cheap sub $250000. Price and no seats..
Maybe it hit an iceberg 🤷‍♀️ didn’t the titanic also have some billionaire banker on it too?
The Meg ate them
You know, this is why they make Sci-Fi. Movies about submarines imploding. So people don't go do stupid s*** like this. I guess a lot of these people haven't seen the movie the Meg yet. Or the movie Laviathon You know I think I watched the movie the Meg. That's a good movie.
It is very possible to locate the sub, definitely get them back alive... we got the tech😁
Tell that man not to smile! It's  not funny!
How ironic
inside????
How about the most logical answer is the sea monster that took out the titanic??😅
Because they got stuck
Just blame Trump, covid, russia, and supply chain issues.
im sorry but if you got 250k and your just throwing it at the chance to dive just to get  a glimpse of the titanic for a few minutes. i could never throw money like that just knowing how most people are living in todays day. Money well lost in my eyes.
No one learned their lesson the first time when the T sank. The ocean is unforgiving
They gone
A quarter of a million dollars 😮
😂😂😂😂😂….Yeah okay… you lost me at the Playstation controller.  Give it few days..and things will start to float to the surface
This is beyond horrifying my thoughts, and prayers are with them ..🙏
Omg people still think divers have oxigen in the tanks?!
How very sad! 🙏🏻
Wth
Prayers 🙏🏻
Maybe they are on the surface and just haven’t been spotted yet ??
Maybe they fell victim to a drive-by shooting
If you have 250k to burn and you're willing to crawl into that piece of s***, you probably earned your fate.
Yet Davenport Iowa did do anything to look for survivors when a building collapsed
Gotta watch out for the icebergs.
Don't spoil the ending for me
My guess is a structural failure.
when is the movie coming out
The depth is to deep and the sub either cracked open and they drowned,the tempature is way to cold and then no oxygen.
Stop wasting my damn tax dollars searching for these arrogant rich fools — they're dead.  Anyone who wants to go spend $250k for something this stupid deserves to get crushed by the ocean.
Its heart will go on, and on.
I wouldn’t even go down there if it was free.
Question, maybe someone can answer. Was this the very first time this sub was used? Was this like a per say, once in a lifetime ordeal? I hadn't ever heard of this sub thing. Just wondering.
Let hope that 1/4 million $ don't get you premature death.
Wow what a great time paying 250k to ride in a sub made by McGyaver
If there was a leak, it was over so fast they probably didn't know it.
"In the Atlantic Ocean near Canada" is even less specific than if you were to say "in the Atlantic Ocean near the USA."
They paid $250k to be buried at sea.
I used to fly and wanted to build experimental aircraft. But mistakes happen.
White people😅  Why would you want to go there. Visit the Titanic, Death valley hiking without water, challenge buffalo, stand on cliffs birds don't go on,  Take horse medication for covid, etc.
Underwater is just as dangerous as in the air
Wow the titanic claiming victims 119 years later
One of our submarines is missing tonight Seems she ran aground on manoeuvres One of our submarines.  -Thomas Dolbys homage to his uncle, a WWII Submariner.
I can't imagine doing this.  Anything could have happened.  I just thought about the reports of Killer Whales sinking vessels in Spain.
Anybody saw that hand? On the screen
Aside from the tragedy. I really hope they make it out. However on the side: a 1/4 of a million each person and no emergency snacks , wow!
They are Dead I'm sorry to say. Its been too many hours past now.
OMG I'm going to mcdonalds
No you're wrong... the whole thing keep you alive at that depth
Shout out the Xbox Elite controller
$250k for an xbox controller, a few ballasts and no underwater radar. leave it to a billionaire who pisses money to take that type of gamble
Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Built from parts you find at the dump. What could go wrong?
I keep saying it... Leave that boat alone... Read it in books watch the movies but just dont go there anymore....
Maybe a large creature like a Megalodon ate it.
They STUPID for even getting in this  SMALL SHUTTLE I WOULDN'T GET IN THIS THING ON TOP OF WATER LET ALONE 2 MILES UNDER🤷🏿‍♂️
Imagine you were never claustrophobic before, but then you became claustrophobic in a flash and panic sets in while inside that minivan-sized submersible. Most horrible!
Lost communication that deep and not able to blow ballast tanks? They are all dead.
They get what they deserved ! Those rich people is already dead by now
Let them rest And peace and find black and brown missing people
It is unlikely I would pay to see a rusting, worm riddled tomb at the bottom of the sea even if I could afford it. But I dearly hope they are on the surface waiting to be spotted. Millionaires have loved ones too and most have worked very hard for what they have.
100 years  later and the titanic still killing billionairres
Imagine paying $250K to get in a death trap so you can see a wreck there's already hours of footage available of.
Thay should tei a rope atles thay should know
12500ft deep in water, in a man made vessel? Nope. Not me.
Even the risks of getting stuck in large fishing nets is enoogh to stay on land.
I think it was the Orca's. They aint playing this year
Payed all that money to die nice
Know they are apart of the people who died in a horrible situation.
The sub sounds like a real piece of 💩. What a horrible way to go. 😭😱😖😢😤
The deep ocean is a place that humans have no business going
The controls were a logitech controller and a touch screen....
I know what happened!! They got too close to the ship & caused an avalanche of debree. They are buried in rust.
Aliens got them cuh
Why didn't they come up..... I'd say it's full of water  or everything is the size of a dime.
They paid to watch brown rusticles and a shoe here and a plate there. Spectacles of disaster now part of the story.
If this report is correct 6 hours of oxygen is up
Being rich can be deadly sometimes
👽
2.5mi = 4,026.36m  1atm pressure for every 10.06m 400atm of pressure!! 5,878.4psi!!!
Couldnt imagine getting to view the titanic close up way way down their, they knew the risks but sad to watch.
I'm an Italian man and my name is Tony. We are NOT a people to be effed around with.  It's so WILD how it's such a true stereotype. Respect and honor is in our genetics. The violence as well.
The got too close to death and got tangled up in it.
I think kraken or a big monster ate the submarine...
So no tracking system or a releasable emergency beacon? Lessons and repercussions are afoot. And blame.
They stole it to kidnap the treasure and took off with it, it's in his backyard right now
$250k grave sounds expensive to me
condolence to the family, I fear they will run out of oxygen its been 24 hours.
I haven't heard in any of the reports if the submersible was equipped with an active distress sonar system that the sonobuoys or ASW aircraft could listen for and home in on. The US Navy has sonar systems that can hear the slightest noises from hundreds of miles away.
Why this man is grinning so much?  He should be sober.
The Operator probably smacked it the way Solo did the Falcon & got a worse response.
With today’s technology how does a vessel like this just disappear
How about doing some reports on the 30 million in bribes Biden and his family have taken for government influence . 0 seconds of coverage really ABC ? What's that about ? Trying to change election  in 2024 like last time !
"He who disturbs the dead shall be cursed with an untimely end."
An hour and 45 minutes no contact. They are not going to find anything. That sub imploded. It probably landed right on top of the titanic. I’ve been  waiting for this news break for years.
$2.5 k 😮
By the time things started going bad, they realized how helpless they really were inside that toy.
GTA 5
Is it just me or does anyone get reminded of MH370?
Though i do wish for a miraculous resolve i do fear the worse.  I also dont think people realize just what they're doing when following the allure and legacy of such tragic events. Titanic is not a tourist location, its a grave and a tomb of which hundreds of people lost their lives in a most horrific and terrible way. So to even call ones self arrogant and misguided enough to want to 'explore' such a grave, well...  it truly goes to show where peoples minds are at.  Bad enough theirs been several "explorations' that have seen to artifacts being retrieved to be sold at auction and put on display in museums.  putting a price tag on death and tragedy,   but if someone were to say lets go dig up the remains of folks from 911 then the tone would change and people would call themselves being outraged. In all the years after those events, now it appears that more people have come to see their last, in a place where they shouldve never been.
Now We Have 2 SUNKEN vessels To Look at now...lol
Why isn't it coming to the surface? Aliens.
Tube crush. Duh.
It shouldn't be hard to find.
One word: Megalodon
XBOX IS GETTING BAD REPUTATION AGAIN
No way even they pay me to be on board on this Submersible. Besides I don't know how to swim and there is no automatic seat ejector to get out.
It's a tomb. Leave it alone.
They are probably snagged to the the titanic wreck and cant free themselves.  Knowing in 96 hours you will join em gotta be some scary stuff.
Its a X-box ?? , these ppl are nuts !!
Did they check the batteries in the xbox controller?
never mind if something has gone wrong  then they too can be a part of the most bloody overrated Ship wreck in history, Seriously what is about this ship i liked the movie and first few doco's but now it's just over the top like serious overkill,  what a waist of money anyway just for that, there is a chance they now can be apart the overkill ship wreck.
Miss titled being that the sub is not found🤔
I'd rather pay to sail to Starbuck Island to watch the crashed UFO on the West side of the beach that still shows up on satellite images.
"Near Canada"
The "Up" Botton on the Xbox Controller stopped working and the thumb sticks started Drifting.. 😮 They Could be anywhere by Now!  Why didn't anyone think of taking A spare Controller.
The whole thing sounds pretty hairy to me. A PSP controller for steering?, ballast tanks made our of second hand gear?  I'll stay on top thanks...
There must be something more important happening beside some billionaire gone missing. Hope they are found I guess. I wouldn’t want to die like that, but I’m also not dumb enough to get in something like that for something I’ve already seen. Money doesn’t equal brains.
We know less about are Oceans, and what inhabits them? Than we do in outer space? Hope those gentleman come back safe.
This is the End. > Someone is hogging up the oxygen canisters.
Better hope they have a wooden door with them
This is SOOOO terrifying. I'm praying they're alive. 🙏. But unlikely. My prayers are with everyone involved.
Somewhere James Cameron is rubbing his hands together in anticipation of renewed interest in the Titanic.
Imagine wanting to see rusted metal 😂
There dead, no way they have enough fresh air in that small thing.
He gave me a lot of things in this video, optimism was not one of them.
The UAP/UFO people are going to come out (with no evidence) that it was aliens or the vehicle's sonar triggered a tachyon anomaly and slipped into an temporal rift...
I hope the USN brings in their assets…
I have one word for everyone " MEGALODON "
You can’t get much more of an authentic Titanic experience than this ! 🤞they are found safe & well 🤞
Nuclear Subs would have to search to be effective.
They're over 2 miles down. Thoughts and prayers will do nothing. May as well talk to a tree for all the good it'll do. If they're found safe it'll be by pure luck.
Thanks a lot, James Cameron.
This cbs correspondent is a little too happy to be on tv.
Hopefully seeing the titanic was the last thing on their bucket list...
Why couldn’t they have an umbilical line
This is what happens when you have more money than sense
Was this a shot at the US Navy's Nuclear Powered Attack Submarines as well? They too are controlled with an XBOX controller...???
Cant imagine what horrific things happened to them there, an implosion? Leak? Explosion? Malfunction? Megalodon? Cthulhu? Kraken? SCP? 🥺 hoping they are ok and will be saved.
Remember the kursk??
We can go to space, circle the moon, have aliens land in Vegas, but no GPS under water. 🤦🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️ #makeitmakesense
Don't mess with a ship load of wealthy people's carma!😏🧐🥜🙉
Orcas attack sailboats (there's videos on here ) so the possibility is there.
The things i would worry about is when someone says , don't worry about that, we got that covered.
What concerns me.. is despite the 7 ways to get to the surface if none worked for whatever reason. That there is not a surface rescue plan in place because right now it just seems like they called the sea version of 911 to help is what concerns me most
What are the chances of an Orca pod swimming that low?
Now who would like to be next for the space shuttle tour around the moon? All payments must be made in cash prior to departure. No checks please.
Hope they aren't part of the titanic Wreck. For Titanic is still taking lives these days still.
Wait, you mean they can’t find some rich people who were touring a mass grave site?  Good. The disrespect of these people…
Costa Concordia accident happened because the Captain was showing off to his mistress sailing close to shore & he ran into the rocks.
Subnautica irl
So these Subs are made with cheap Materials and yet they charging quarter million dollars per person.
Just exceeded there compression cycle limit...
Not the XBOX game controller though...
250,000 to get on a sub controlled by a xbox controller. Gonna take a hard pass on that one.
They went inside the ship's perimeter sub operator was showing off, lost power, they tried to balloon up and got caught in the ship's ceiling.
The aliens took it & the flight that disappeared from Indonesia the rapture is upon us .....the portal is open
Jaws 2 they snagged onto a power cable, Twice.
Should have gps and radio or even better
Who the hells  got  $250,000. to splurge on a submarine trip?!  I wont be able to sleep tonight worrying about those poor people.
Oxygen and a tourist don't mix...bang
snacks are not going to save you at those depths !
Oceangate? Thats not a good name.
If they had hired the mir subs they would have been ok
Maybe they were attacked?
They're dead, i have NO doubt.
navy sunk it to hide the fact titiac was a hoax
PEOPLE THEY DIDNT EVEN MAKE IT DOWN TO TITANIC . IT SAYS ‘’WE LOST COMMUNICATION WITH THE SUBMERSIBLE AFTER  1 HOUR AND 42 MINS ON ITS DECENT.’’ SO IT GOT DOWN TO AROUND 1,900 FT AND THEY LOST COMMUNICATIONS.  NOT GOOD AT ALL.
Brings back memories of Bison Dele who was lost at sea (murdered by his brother) on his boat the Hakuna Matata .
Nobody in that sub is alive. Sorry to be so grim, but they lost comm. ,and they didnt drop ballast. Theyre gone.
https://youtu.be/1wl5BbUg05M
Crazy, the anchorman noted that on his trip in the submerisble they got lost for a couple hours…if they experienced technical issues on previous dives best believe the company was well aware of the problems….
No thanks.
Ahh snacks....a bag of fritoes bbq twist got everything coated with cheetle....
A little bit of googling tells us that initial tests of the oceangate titan suffered damage to it's carbon fibre infused hull. They went back to the drawing board and improvised.  But if it failed once...it probably did again.
The submarine Captain will be heavily scrutinized like the Costa Concordia Captain.
lochness monster ate it and swam further down
Did they put a umbilical port to supply emergency air!DERP...
I could only imagine the rescuers not wanting to go down there looking for a needle in a hay stack.
It got caught up on a snag the balloons were deployed but it's just there dangling.
Ain't no way 😳
I hope the people are rescued safely,but it’s time to let the Titanic and the 1500 souls aboard that perished that tragic night be left to Rest In Peace,more than enough research has been documented,let it go please,dives like these have caused more damage to the ship,trash in the area the belongings of the dead brought up and displayed its all so very sad
Ufo
Sudden loss of everything?.. Implosion 😐
Immortal camera man
They dead
I think Putin has them
Why aren't they sending another to look if they have been caught up on the ship
A failproof sub that went down to examine the wreckage of a failproof ship. Hmm.  In a sub the size of a minivan, one of the crew could have had beans. Suppose two people had beans!
everything down there keeps you alive
Neither Titanic nor Titan is unsinkable. Hoping for the best...but sounds grim.
They will return safe :)
It's insane that there isn't a safety line and watchguard timer to retrieve them if they aren't continuously communicating.
If that sub cracked in any way they are lost to the ocean. God bless these people.
The bloop ate it.
No loss. Just a bunch of wealthy asshats refusing to leave the site alone.
The titanic is cursed, i was told that during its final days at the shipbuilders in Belfast one of the welders fell off the platform they had built across the keel. He died & his new wife who was pregnant with their first child went into premature labour with the shock of his death & it killed her and the unborn baby. His old mother, mad with grief cursed Titanic to all eternity & swore on her dead son, his wife & child that the curse would randomly strike for a thousand lifetimes.
Rich people paying $250k a seat to go down and view other dead rich people.
What concerns me is the MEG.
I’m sorry did he say Xbox controller?!? 250 a head they can’t get one made?!
Damn dats fukn scary
It's ok these rich people knew the risks before they went down so oh well move on to other more important news
Follow the money
Starts with this.. next it’ll be a space flight full of billionaires and celebrities they explodes. It’s inevitable.
Sabotaged and made into an example. Social media is exposing the original titanic. It was actually a fake sister ship called the Olympic that was repainted and sunk to recover the insurance cost by it's owner J.P.Morgan. This sabotage was done to indirectly tell everyone to back the off before any more secrets become uncovered.
Is this a JOKE?  ... How can these anchors say this submersible was lost off the Boston Harbor (which is in the ATLANTIC ocean), while exploring the wreckage of the Titanic - ???  ...  When in fact, the Titanic went down in the PACIFIC ocean; on the OTHER side of our country, way up around Alaska!!!    Whoever wrote the script ... and whoever read it with straight faces ...  must be incredibly uneducated and lazy because they didn't do any of the most basic research on the loss of the Titanic!!!!!  ...  CBS used to be pretty good; what happened: "The Dumbing Down of America"!!!!!!  It's gone too far;  We need to repair our education system so it will stop stop asserting ignorance and craziness onto our school kids ...
Brings back memories of the movie Poltergeist when the realtor failed to disclose the cemetery
Well, if they are alive survival/rescue is worse odds than Apollo 13.
They get a medium one this case
No cell phones/outside communication allowed. Somebody is getting sued.
Probably forgot batteries for the X box controller.
Someone went very wrong. ... They paid for adrenaline, they got enough of it !
Jack Dawson claims another
Let’s hope the hull of the submarine was not breached.  It should have rose by now.  Sending good wishes to all
But it's love will...go oooon
That poor billionaire no pun intended. I know hindsight is 20/20 but...
half million dolars !!! for what
This part where The Meg 2 shows up.
There dead and there is no way to bring that thing up nor rescue them.
Now, if this submarine is found trapped inside the Titanic I might just have to go and take a nap. 🫥
Davey Jone’s locker
I wish i had 250k so i can drown next to the titanic
Shouldn't there be a mother ship above? The submersible didn't get there on its own.
This is dumb. Why would you do this????
Great guest and very informative.
I aint trusting fly-by-wire at 10m. Certainly not 3,000m.
Ocean Gate - its already  sounding like  a conspiracy of some sort😅
sounds like a hull breach   The breaking or puncturing of a ship's surface. Entanglement would still have communication.
Tht cartoon thing of the titanic going down 😂😂😂
Wow 🙏🙏🙏🙏
what if the xbox controller ran out of batteries? this is terrifying to think of all the things that could go wrong at the bottom of the ocean....
The Jankey part was unsettling to hear, and I am on land. I just hope despite the extended no communication report, those on board, are alive. They need not just thoughts and prayers, they need a miracle.
🤔 How come Ocean Gate Expeditions don't tell us exactly how many people, or who, are on board of the missing submersible instead of everyone just guessing?
Going down to 3800m in a vessel designed to 4000m (5% safety margin) Not near enough safety margin for me. I would want 100% before I would even think about it. I hope all are found safe.
Never trust nasa maid machine😂
Great to get an oceangate survivor reporting
the Sub was attacked by a Giant Squid
May be aliens under water took them like like the Malaysian plane
USA & Canadian governments should  ban future trips ,the Titanic is a grave site and needs to be respected not used for profit driven amusements for rich people.
This seems a little cold hearted
I would have expected the sub to have a automatic  "Pinger" for surface ships to home in on to locate it.
Money Hungry Mongrols, exploiting Tragedies for Money!! The site should be Left Alone!!! Sounds like a traitor trump GRIFT!!! Let their souls rest in Peace!!!
Batteries probably died for the xbox contoller
Actually there are American Coast Guard ships & planes along with Canadian Coast Guard Ships & planes out looking not just Boston.
REMEMBER THAT GREAT T V SHOW "A THOUSAND WAYS TO DIE" THIS FITS PERFECTLY!   BILL THE RICH FAMILYS FOR ALL THIS EXPENCE!!
Those that are being critical of Oceangate & its tourism practices,  in their defense, taking on "rich" passengers has been an expedition practice for a few centuries. The rich dude gets his experience and the fees of his passage fees help the private research company fund scientific experiments. Its a symbiotic relationship.
Looking for the Titanic only to become another Titanic.
I guess wealthy folks have nothing better to do with $250K...
That's sound so scary.  If they survive  - they will understand values of life better. Billionaires has different has different values then poor.   Every one rise alarm when few rich are in danger.  Hopefully they will survive.   Is that not strange that is no fu*cken gps on that boat and they cant locate it ?   No extra boat  to look after them ?
I hope that they were able to make it to the surface and perhaps lost radios/communications and will soon be found.
Better off going to the beach or visit Marineland.
I have severe claustrophobia. I couldnt imagine being trapped like that.
Yikes
Should of stuck an apple tag on the sub, would of found it right away….
Because it imploded😔
This was completely avoidable.  I hope the taxpayers don't have to fund the millions of dollars that it's gonna take to try to find the submarine.
WHAT IS BIDEN DOING TO HELP?
2,4 miles below the sea surface.. Their salvation would be a miracle
Like I always say, Humans can not run out of placees to dump garbage and pollute,   the land,  the rivers,  the ocean, outer space, the moon,  Mars, the outer solar system and well beyound, now rich a$$$ Wholes feel they have the right to LITTER A GRAVE SITE! HOPE THEY KNEW THEY WERE DYING  AND CHARGE RHE FAMILES OF THE RICH FOR ALL THIS UN NEEDED EXPENCE!!
Can't be good because wouldn’t they just surface...
More money than sense comes to mind. RIP🙏
there is your problem, they should of used a ps5 controller
I just watched a thing tucker carlson talking about aliens living under the sea...think?
So sad.
I bet it imploded.. there was question about this very submersible.. it was believed that if the front glass was touched by metal at pressure, it would explode..  and if there was a leak, it wouldn’t be over quickly, you can have a leak creating pressure stream strong enough to cut wood and bone in half. They probably land on the wreck, and it collapsed into the wreck
I reckon they are on the surface but dont have ways of communicating anymore for some reason. The ocean is vast and diffciult to find them floating around
Poor crew members 🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
$250k is an expensive funeral.
Hes making it sound like its been put together with pop stick and rubber bans...not cool.
Were they contacted?Or is everybody waiting for de b ris😮
Storm coming in the Atlantic off the coast of Puerto Rico maybe they came into something that interferes with their coms systems and function😮
I just hope that the people onboard, if submerged, are smart enough to tap on the hull for the sonar since this group is so arrogant and poorly engineered that they failed to equip the sub with an EPIRB, marker dye, or anything else. There is no excuse for janky engineering on a submarine unless you are exploring your backyard pool. The USCG is a part of DHS and they need the sub-hunters from the Navy to locate this vessel if it is submerged.
Yeah I want to go on a sub that goes 2 1/2 miles underwater that's controlled by an X-box controller...wtf.
Imploded - lack of money and to much of greed
His CBS Sunday Morning piece called "A visit to RMS Titanic" https://youtu.be/29co_Hksk6o
And 3 losers spent a a quarter mill for something not even built up. “Off the shelf parts”
I hope they said hi to Jack.
How’s about rope or the heaviest fishing line imaginable to tether from ship to submarine.
It's a grave, not a tourist attraction.
I bet the janky bits wasn’t in the brochure.
It was over in one microsecond.  The pressure at that depth is beyond insane.  One hairline fracture-- and boom!!
250,000? That's a lot of money to pay for a watery death.
Sounds like the ghosts of Titanic has claimed them.
I fail too see how this is breaking news
We are living in the era of 5G and  6G with all kinda gigs and internet devices and what not, yet a hugeass vessel went missing?
For $250K I would not go down in a jury-rigged can using second-hand parts, with no support/rescue system above water.   Not even if they paid me.
My heart will go on.....because the dive company more then likely made everyone on board sign waivers knowing they could die
pay a 250k ?  f that. You would have to pay ME that kinda money to go down in one of those.
Thought the left hated the 1%
Sometimes it pays to be poor.
My qustion is when they found how you going to bring them in?
Wow! What a crazy trip to take! 🙄
Pressure leak at that depth. It strong  enough to be like a laser  and if it hit you it could go through you . Hope they get rescued.
So you're telling me the Titanic kupill count went up?
100 years later and The Titanic is still taking lives
It's certainly not looking good but there's always hope until there isn't anymore hope.
At least 1  Billionaire sent to Davy Jones Locker. Thinks~"what's wrong with that"?
I won't be surprised Russia has something to do with this they recently made video on YouTube about Russia working with them
That's crazy, just yesterday i was reading about the Sub and how it cost 250k to board
titanic 2
That company is going to get a lot of lawsuits coming its way and this might end any further tourism diving on the wreck but only leave it for archeological and scientific purposes
Coulda been the Kracken, mighta been the Meg...
They told everyone they were going to the Titanic wreckage, but they were actually going to the lost city of Atlantis 🤓
Over 500 refugees drown at the greek coast a few days ago, minimal news coverage. Some (probably) millionaires go missing on a joyride and everyone looses it..... what a world we live in.
Trump defecting!!!
Who cares, they went knowingly.
Well inside it NOW is a group of VERY FLAT PEOPLE.
They will join the rest of the passengers on the Titanic
No way I’m paying that to see the titanic . I don’t think you can get a better representation then Titanic movie of what things looked like. There is nothing more we need to know about titanic at this point. I’m concerned about what’s above us at this point
No RADIO!!!   OMG!!  Are you kidding me!?!?!?!
Didv he just say it's controlled using an Xbox controller? I'd have more faith ifb he said Ps5 controller.
My 4k laser projector gives me all the thrill I need.
the ocean is responsible for many deaths. guess I will never know what it is that draws people to it? it amazes me  people still get in the ocean at all after googling your  swimming partners. things there with teeth big as you.
they knew the risks, they signed on the dotted line, now they're subdude.
If they are alive how they gonna get them out 🤔
... leviathan most likely  💪🥴🤳🍺
Now's its the time for the aliens to save the day.
Yeah, that 2022 report explains a lot... - https://youtu.be/29co_Hksk6o?t=159
What’s the rule of thumb? An increase in pressure of atmosphere per 10m
The MEG ate the sub.
"Rock Solid"... Like the Titanic was "Unsinkable"? Really dude?
It’s already crushed into the size of a flat pickup truck.
Trust the science they say
have a partial understanding and it is scarey but i'd imagine if the sub hasnt crushed or flooded people would be relitively calm, i served on a british attack sub in the 90s that struck the bottom and honestly routines proceedures and staying calm is very natural.
Implosion
$250,000US to die at the site of a famous shipwreck that already claimed 1500 lives.
You would think they would have a camera like they do on every automobile made, to keep track and monitor the decent, and aid the captain,operator, if anything looks dangerous or if going off course? I think the company knows exactly what has happened to their shoddy submarine, and wants the coast guard to bail them out?
5300 lbs per square inch at that debth, what could go wrong ?
This may go down as one of the most expensive ways to die 😂
There's nothing wrong or "janky" for using an xbox360 controller. For example, the US military uses xbox360 controllers to control the periscope on their submarines. It saved several millions of dollars.
This is one of those situations where everybody knows they're dead, but they still have to make a show of trying. Kind of like when an eight year old kid dies, and they still perform CPR knowing it's useless. As tragic as it is, though, at least it probably happened quickly. The implosion of a ship at that depth probably happened so fast they didn't feel a thing.
Best reporting yet in the missing submersible but I couldn’t help staring at the guest correspondent thinking he was calling in through SnapChat. Very disconcerting.
Xbox controller probably ran out of double A’s
Boston has a coast guard??
Russia blew them up
What if it was attack by orcas 😳
Crushed like a tin can ! At that depth you don’t get second chances ! What chance there is ,at them being still alive !
That's why you always choose PlayStation over the Xbox...chalk and cheese
How many dumb rich tourist are we gonna sacrifice to Titanic? All of them? Please?
Reminds me of the Kursk.
They should design the sub so it dosn't need to dump crap lead pipes to surface. From the description the sub sounds very dodgy.
I could be wrong but dont they run like 2mile guide line attached to the top of the sub? They could follow it down and see if the sub is either there or detached and start the search
Very informative video, thanks
It’ll be it’s own attraction soon….
What the f**k so I pay 250k dollars to go in a sub controlled by an Xbox controller um no thank you
The #1 fact that they lost communication and did not return to the surface given all the various ways to drop ballast, blow ballast tanks etc... leads to a very grim conclusion: catastrophic hull failure. Entanglement, power failure, or hull failure. Entanglement would still have communication. Power failure, and she would have aborted the dive and dropped ballast/blown ballast tanks and returned to the surface.  Hull failure: no communication, no submersible on the surface.  It is possible that they had an electrical failure over the wreckage and entangled.  I piloted the DSV 4 Sea Cliff in the 1990's, a 20,000 fsw manned submersible. Worlds deepest at the time. My deepest dive is 16,000 fsw. Made many dives for research including hydrothermal vent fields, subduction zones, University science projects, etc. Even worked with Ballard, who discovered the Titanic, on a Nat Geo special in Guadalcanal.  Sea Cliff was a sister submersible to the HOV Alvin, which is currently in Massachusetts at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute. She can reach that depth easily, and they also have ROV capability. I wonder if they were contacted.
He said "if there was a leak, it would be over quickly."   Scary.    Prayers...
May Poseidon hear my prayers and send Aquaman and Submariner to help locate the sub. In Nemo's name we pray.
Did a whale hit them???
Titanic wasn't done claiming lives. 111 years later, it took 5 more.
they were swallowed by a huge whale
As terrible as this will sound...and is....I have to say that I have absolutely ZERO sympathy for anyone who is so narcissistically self-indulgent as to be able to throw away $250000 for a 6 hour ride.  Do these self-absorbed egotists have any idea how many homeless could have been fed for that joy ride fee?  Or polio vaccinations or clean water it would have provided to the poor of Appalachia and elsewhere in the World?  Sorry, but as far as I'm concerned that's 3 or 4 less egotistical elitists in the World to worry about.  Good riddance.
They need to be found safe 🙏 may God bring them back safely This is terrifying.
I wouldn’t get on anything controlled by an Xbox controller
Likely more possibilities the the CEO told that man.
surely a sub would have some sort of tracker
Alive for how long...
This company has been flying over the Titanic, so I would not be surprised at all if it got snagged on the deck or railings. Experimental, uncertified craft should be tethered.
“If they was a leak, it was over quickly”  Aka they dead as doornail
And you got lost for 3 hours!!!!!!!!!
Never venture into something this dangerous unless you’re the cameraman who can never die.
Clearly if you can't find it. It's on purpose
It is in all likelihood a bathyscaphe. Not a submarine.
Who opened the submarine sunroof?
Sorry not sorry.   No sympathy for rich morons focused on a boat that sank in 1912.   We HAVE SENT HUMANS TO THE MOON.   Why the facination with an old-timey failure???
Honestly, I hope the waiver they signed was airtight. Otherwise, Oceangate is going to sink.
Sorry, but the whole vehicle is “The part that keeps you alive”
Rich people problem. Better not setup a gofundme page.
I hope someone hacked the sub and sank it, nobody needs to spend that much money on a vanity trip.
Did putin or trump cause this?
What a nightmare
Praying that they're found quickly and alive.
Absolute nightmare scenario. Imagine the conversations amongst the 5 people once they realized they were stuck? Yikes
Boston Coast Guard and Jeffrey Beatty Balfour Beatty G4S and Boston Coast Guard killed them to prevent testimony by hacking with NASA and University of Washington targeting my relatives.
"COOL", coffin.
Praying for a speedy recovery The Titanic is cursed  Good luck to all involved
😮😮😮
