Why i watch your videos after buying only
Man thank brother you are my guide to buying games ❤
I bought it today finally🥲😑😑
Ps5? Oh fuck yeah so not ps5 pro? Good😊
"You also do like a hard right turn or left turn swing, where the character will yank themsleves 90 degrees to like turn a corner" *doesn't show it*
Spiderman 2 better than 1 for me.
I barely could have an experience with the game on PC because I’m not wasting my money on a PS5 because I had to have the game at such a low quality and performance just to even play it.
What a great game. I didn't expect the combat to be this good. It's so addictive.
Im currently playing the first one should i buy it later
I still don’t have it after 2 years😭 (I’m very thankful I got both the spider-mans atleast)
I’m so getting fired ☠️☠️🤣🤣
Sometimes my web attaches to uncle Ben.
This game is incredible. If you’re seeing this now trust me it’s worth it. It’s not as good as the first game story wise but it’s still a really good story, and the gameplay is a lot better, swinging is a lot quicker and the game to me personally is just better in general. Definitely worth the purchase.
I've played SM1 on PC in 2022, now I've just finished Miles Morales...would it be a bit too much of the same if I jump into this one? It's the same city after all, but I guess they're more details...
After playing the game i know what the mj moment was
I mean these ones by insomniac are the only spiderman games which really make you feel like spiderman.  I played all the previous titles( all of them) and except the story the game play and mechanics were never this interesting.  I don't understand why we don't have a bloody iron man game yet, with ue 5 and this level of graphical and mechanical stuff we could have a mini mcu over gaming.😂  Though this game sucks ass on pc. Bad port
Just finished this game ( a year late just got my ps5 so ik im late) man this game was amazing ngl I mean playing as both spideys was just amazing
Symbiot should of merged with craven woulda been crazy cross  over
I finally got A PS5 a week ago and my son is super excited he's 8. I bought Resident Evil 4 remake and grand theft auto 5 Which we've been playing we also downloaded fortnight. But he has no idea when he comes over this weekend that I just got Spider-Man 2 and robocop
Honestly a good game. The mechanics are better. I do think the gadget wheel was better when trying to play stealth but for aggressive combat the new quick wheel is better flowing. Other than that the swinging is definitely better. Always wanted gliding in a spider-man game. And the story is definitely a downgrade from the first, by a lot.   But every time I see MJ, I dont know why it just angers me so much lmaoo. The face my goodness, I just wanna roll my eyes everytime I see it, its so horrendous 😭. Peter's new face is growing on me tho maybe its because of the better capture as compared to the Remaster's reskin. God I miss the original faces. Political messaging definitely there but mehh waddaya expect, definitely takes me out of the game for moments.
Came here for the straight up gameplay but stood for the first impressions
Why would I want to ever play mary jane in a spiderman game. Ever?
A another episode of I already brought 💔
I’ve just started playing this game tonight and I was amazed with the opening to the game. I can’t wait to swing into action over the weekend. I bloody love the combat loop and the web swinging is so good, plus the game looks incredible! 💙
my mum won’t buy me it, I already beat spider man 1 and miles morales😢😢
This was an all around solid release. Harry being venom is a little strange but it was still a really great game. I loved beating the whole thing and the side missions as well.
Me WHOS watching this when I already beat it😂
I have Xbox and PS five but I’m at a point where I’ve played the same games over and over too many times and I’m looking for something new anybody here have any suggestion on what Spider-Man game is the best out of the bunch?
1 year of this game and I still miss the MJ from Spiderman 2018
Can't believe I didn't find out about this game till now
I am still playing Spiderman one on PS4 and just ordered Miles Morales and Spiderman 2 for PS5 since I got me a PS5. I guess I will be be playing Spidermann for the hole year 😂!
I have some complaints. You praised this game so much while it's basically the same as the other two that came before it, everything is almost the same with very few changes and additions and a still pretty short and cliche story and boring grinds. Honestly nothing to write home about. But then I watched your video on AC shadows and you said, very disappointedly, that the game was still the same game, whereas I actually  so a log of improvements in a title that already matured up a years ago. Dude if AC shadows is the same game as the titles before it then how would u describe Spiderman 2? I mean u were really biased there.
i cracked it 🗿
these games are on pc now, so i can play them from my gaming rig
If the first game was rough on the emotional aspect, and the second was awesome. If this is going by entertainment means. It means the third game, although it will be awesome is going to be the top one to tear at our heart strings.
All the Mary jane stealth sections are so annoying genuinely took me out of the immersion of playing spiderman
Just finished this. What a great game!
9:17 My boy Howard. So sad.
“It feels less emotional” are you insane?? I cried like a baby at three different parts of this game
actually my friend got a ps4 but got spider man 2 disc and im gonna buy thr ps5 and hes gonna give me the disc for free so EZ
happy to say this was my very first PS5 game ever. this game was awesome and deserved 2023 game of the year hands down
"From god of war 2018 to god of war ragnarok it's great" Tell me you used chatgpt without telling me you used chatgpt
This review makes me want to buy it.
Should've called it Spidermen
every game is the same
Anyone here for PC release? 😁
They were like you’d didn’t like the Mj missions the first time, well this time we went even harder with them haha.
MJ was way beautiful in last game tho
game is so buggy, gets stuck in strange loops, lip sync is off. graphics are worse than miles morales along with extra battle extras pressing L1 R1 to get special powers going. I felt first spiderman remaster on ps5 with DLC far superior to this
How did I know that the first video that shows up will be this one
I want a full fledged venom, carnage, scream game though
Idk why people hated this game…it was pretty amazing for me 😢
it aint on PC yet :(
The second he said Symbiot power I was sold
Spiderman 2 or the original?
Is this spider man 2 worth buying? As it's on a little discount in the ps store atm. Thinking to buy it after Xmas. I'm 99% overall on the miles morales spiderman I enjoyed that
Me, watching this as I wait for it to finish downloading
Somehow I always find myself here after I buy and before the download is finished😂
bro i can't wait to get a ps5 for Christmas so i can play it I've only played the first game
Could somebody just say yes or no to if it's good?
This probably the best thumbnail of this series
Beautiful graphics, great new gameplay features, & tons of really fun fan service. Yet it all feels a little thin. The story is solid yet predictable. Some insane set pieces but an overload of boss battles that all feel the same.
Good lord MJ is hideous these western games just love making ugly women
Been a year and they still havent ported it to PC. Why though?
I’ll be honest I skipped this one, the first Spider-Man game was just too childish for my taste, I need that hard pg-13 feel, and this series ain’t giving that tone, Batman Arkham still holds the bar high in this genre!
I still did not buy the game, I am bored of the Sony games, they are all the same, just like Ubisoft, but they are called masterpieces.
1:45 “as spoiler free as possible”  Shows the black rami suit
We've had 3 Spiderman games, time for a change, I Wish they do a stand alone hulk, thor & venom game
is this scripted? doesnt sound like you wrote a script lol
Man i absolutely loved spiderman remastered and Miles Morales. Just stunning visuals, story, gameplay, art design just a masterpiece imo but i hate waiting another year for spiderman 2 to come out to PC -_-
The MJ missions can burn in hell.
I'm trying to buy a game which one is better alan wake 2 or spiderman 2
The mj missions were so annoying and the facial animations were a downgrade imo. Also, the game felt shorter, but less repetitive.
I recently bought a PS5, I played Miles Morales first and loved it so I bought Spiderman 1. I finished it in a few days like 2 days ago and was thinking of getting Spider-Man 2.
Spider-Man 2= Spider-Man miles morales
Thanks allot, great Video. Thanks for all the info. Been eyeing this game for a while. 😉👍
My question is: why does Miles want to date a deaf girl 😂 dudes big into music.. she can’t even listen to it!
I’m watching this after purchasing 😅
I don’t understand the “hate” per se around this game even when it launched. The story may not be as “strong” as the first 2…but the first 2 also kinda did their own thing, like you said in the video spiderman 2 was more “comic-like” it was like a love letter to the comic fans. Also what people who played the game fail(ed) to realize is (**SPOILER ALERT**) this game was obviously a setup game for the future, almost filler if you will, the story wasn’t meant to be as deep as the first 2. In fact that’s how story telling goes, when you have a series- a trilogy at that, that’s gonna continue you’re gonna have a game that’s less “strong” in the story cuz there’s a thing called “plot diagram” in story telling, and a “low” or falling action is like the middle ground before things really take off…that’s this game. This game served its purpose which was “falling action” and people was expecting it to be climax when we just came from that with the last 2 games and the cycle is about to restart for the DLC’s and new game(s), you can’t have straight climax after climax after climax after climax after climax that’s not how story telling goes. Regardless of if this game would’ve been received better or not had it been more “climax” than “falling action”….it being “climax” would’ve TECHNICALLY from a TECHNICAL standpoint made this game worse even it would’ve been received better cuz that just doesn’t make sense from a story telling standpoint. Essentially what I’m saying is y’all expected the unrealistic and bc yall didn’t get what you WANT yall say it’s bad, and I’m saying story telling does evolve around what you WANT so get over it. What you WANT doesn’t correspond or correlate to how good a game is.
The game is simply great
I wonder if insomniac will ever incorporate the Avengers at some point since the tower is in both games and it's  basically confirming that they exist in this Spiderman universe.
I love the part where Bully Maguire appears and bullies everyone
first time im watching this before actually buying the game
Watched this while downloading it to hype myself up
After looking back at this game this game is not the best anymore it's just their
I was new to Miles Morales. Really enjoyed it. Finished in almost one day. Spider-man 2 is making me furious. Horrible balance between totally boring stuff like walking and having long conversation (f you!) And then crazy difficult fights you redo several times before winning. I really didnt pay all that money to be doing f**king funfair games.
I just don't understand how they not only changed mary jane but somehow make it seem like she can take down enemies in a single shot while the suoer human spider men have to hit them multiple times. It just throws me off hard-core and doesn't make sense.
The boss battles are so cool and yes they are pretty challenging I wouldn’t call them dark souls but definitely takes some time
I didn’t watch anything about this game , I literally made myself not too , and when I seen venom I got so geeked lol 😂
I’m watching this after buying a ps5 and spiderman 2 lol
These Spiderman games are just too repetitive! Enjoyed miles morales but I was happy at that, really didn't want another. I wish they would just work on something else now. All we get on ps5 is sequels and remakes, they have completely lost what made playstation so good!
Just finished the game yesterday the game is   truly a masterpiece.❤️
You guys are so much better then IGN
Ꮖ mama
I have to say, as a soon to be father, and someone who’s wasted many nights contemplating meaning, Jake is amazing at his job. He really makes you interested in the great and bad games. What I’m getting at is that he’s providing value with his quality content day in and out and it’s agelessly (if that’s a word) appreciated.
Great game 9/10
Imagine being able to buy this game  This post was made by the PC gang
Before you buy know that Sweet Baby Inc ruined this game.
I hope he gets better
I checked out this video cause I found a $16 Marvel Spiderman 2 Game Voucher For Japan And I Was About To Buy It
Story was very good. Switched it up quite a lot actually. If you think how it starts and where it ends. That's quite a ride really. Enjoyed the MJ sections even though I dreaded them in the first game. Her being "buff" with the gun actually made it better and less tedious gameplay-wise. Can't wait for the next chapter and the DLC. Should be wild.
@11:50 When did Jonathan Taylor Tomas get put into the game!? lol
6/10 on its best day.
Not buying came with my Playstation
You should warn about your policy concerning spoilers. I finished the game so I don't mind but there are still information that you show or talk about that could be considered as spoilers. The wingsuit, the skilltree, talking about the MJ's missions.... A before to buy video is not supposed to reveal what people should be discovering while playing the game.
I have some glitches when playing but I recommend this game
One thing I hate is that you can only use R2 and not L2 anymore to webswing otherwise great gamw
Anyone with Spider-Man wanna be friends and we trade game for game? Just copped a PS5 and bought Star Wars Jedi survivor which was on sale on that day. Only for Spider-Man and then one can browse through my library 😭
Baffles me people actual claim this was goty over BG3, TotK or AW2. Smh🙄
I’m feel I need add my opinion on here, I found this game really disappointing. Very difficult to get through without help from video reviews, moving around and webbing difficult and annoying. Also combat very repetitive. To be fair visually it is stunning graphics.. but that’s it. No wonder they gave this away with the consul.
how was this GOTY in so many peoples eyes? seems so boring...
Glad you mentioned the MJ sections (a LOT of reviews dont mention them). Slow and you just wonder why you're doing dumbed down "stealth" stages instead of playing as Spiderman. Since you bought a SPIDERMAN game. NPC spawn, tracking, and graphic bugs were very common on my playthrough. Although besides 2 crashes they werent mentioned at all.
Too short, and the story isn't as good as the first one.
This game is beautiful. It warms my heart so much to see the legacy of Spider-Man 2 (PS2) culminating in Spider-Man 2 (PS5)—made me smile! 😊
Amazing gameplay but I had to play in spectacular mode (hardest difficulty) since Spider-Man games are known to be fairly easy- in spectacular it offers an actual challenge and makes the overall gameplay way more fun imo (coming from Elden ring I had to keep the challenges goin ya feel meh lmao)
True about the Mary Jane missions. The first one was pretty awesome imo, but the Kraven one felt like an eternity.
the boss fights pissed me off
I'm playing it right now! What...a ....game  Tony Frikken Todd!😊
I forgot about Howard....
the story is dumb (the whole kraven arc was pointless considering that he was only there to showcase how strong venom is), the side missions are horrible and extremely boring. The M.J parts are ridiculous , i mean they expect us to believe that she can take on an army of armed men with a freaking taser.  Also the power levels are fked. Miles loses to kraven, kraven loses to venom, but miles can DEFEAT VENOM. The only thing that this game has is the gameplay which is absolutely perfect and the map where you get to swing. That is the reality of this game.
Would it be a good idea to watch the film first before I play it or is it not based of a film?
This is my favorite game of all time 🔥
No lie the only annoying thing about this game besides MJ is the amount of times you gotta face the boss before you can move on which is 3 times in a row. Shit is fuckin annoyin i can’t lie
Jake, you’re the only reviewer that I can see that is entertaining, spoiler free and overall inviting, thanks for your reviews!
i think this game is worth it
I enjoyed it more than the GOW sequel. Both good sequels tho.
love how he just compared GOW and spiderman 2 HA.
Watched review after completing the game. Great review! Very accurate and detailed without spoilers
Can you have many different world
This was my first platinum ever 😁 😅
3th? Hm... The M one was soo short, I wasn't evening considering a game...
Another fantastic review from Gameranx, proving why they're the GOAT and my personal #1 go-to for reviews. This review captured exactly my thoughts on the 1st game and what I was excited for in the 2nd, so much so it convinced me to buy it immediately. I'm writing this comment now after having beat spider man 2 and I can say that this review is super accurate and if you're like Jake here in Gameranx, or like me, you're going to love this game.  Keep it up Gameranx!
I was honestly really hoping for a Morbius mission set in this game, he’s my favorite Spidey villain. I hope we can get him as a side mission/ villain (simulata to the Arkham trilogy’s Man Bat) in Spidey 3
With the MJ part you can turn on baby mode so you can’t die
its saddly way to short. id almost would compare it to the miles morales stand alone game. but never the less a musthave. but who ever is new to it. dont play it before youve played the miles morales spin off atleast ( its free for plus members )
Shits been collecting dust, because between the trailer and all the YouTube videos auto playing, I know the whole damn story
I played %50 of it, didn't care for it, so I'm back to playing Robocop which doesn't get dull, then I'll prob play Avatar for a few months.
I need this lmao, mostly because I'm getting a PS5 for Christmas specifically just for this game. My first PlayStation since the PS3
Probably the most cringe story line of spiderman. Game was ruined with the whole MJ and Scream stuff. Bring back just Spiderman
Too easy, platinum trophy in one week
So I just got my first PS5 on special (100off )and got this game free too😂
do i need ps plus to play this  or no?
i fucking hate the entire miles morales concept from the comics. And now it's mainstream.
😢 I finished the whole game in 23 hrs all trophies and all upgrades and spider outfits that's my complaint
Never trust channels that are given review copies.
Who looks at the video after buing the game ? 😂😂
This game wasn't as good as Big Brain Academy: Wii degree.
Right on Jake... Sold! Another added.
I just started playing it and I'm disappointed so far. There is almost no free roam, it makes you go from event to event! The graphics don't look a lot better than the first, considering I played that on the ps4 slim and the 2 on the ps5..  And MJ is freaking weird looking...
I haven't played any of the other spidey games. Will I be missing out on any info? Or should I play those before I play spiderman 2 ?
Here after I bought the ps5 spider man 2 bundle lol
Just bought a spider man 2 ps5
you said the sh word and the he word AGH repeated both bad words AHHhHHH
Just beat it. Pretty good. Liked the first better I think.
Game sucks, FU gameranx
I’m writing this while the credits role .. this was an excellent gaming experience. 🥹 Im extremely biased, I’ve defeated SP and MM a ton of times , but this was a perfect game. Take your time with it, it’s an experience 😎- except the Mary Jane parts, run through them like a ninja 🥷🏾
Loved the game mostly, except for Mj missions and Mj's character model.
Before you buy it Just buy it
Sorry to say but I always watch these after I buy
The missions where you play as Miles being Brooklyn Visions’ Spider-Man >>>>>> I feel like I’m playing a random comic issue or cartoon episode in the best way
I can honestly say this is one of the best games I've ever played.
Literally copy n pasta
People complaining that the main story is too short when they realize there’s basically no loading time
100 percent the game fun but I felt it was to short( story and sides definitely worth it) but now I'm just doing exploits to swing around
For me the game felt short and story missio ns felt like that they just jumped from boss fight to boss fight at least to me makes me wonder was the game supposed to be longer still liked the game also for combat saldy still every attack is mostly kicks there is few punch animations thats good since in the first one every normal move was kick
Wish we had the og 90s animated spider man suit and it would be kool to have spot as a villan along with carnage kingpin green goblin and doc oc 🎉
before you buy: watch this paid ad disguised as review
It is weird that on ps 5 graphics looks off. Especially lighting, and reflections looks ps3-ish. Is this some kind of issue? I see that on some other consoles it looks normal
I agree with the mj part, although when she gets a weapon upgrade towards the end her gameplay got so much better! The one tap head shots were satisfying!
I don’t think liking the previous game makes you bias. I LOVED the previous game, and it’s actually set my expectations for this one much higher. I’m enjoying it so far, but the gadgets don’t feel as unique this time to me. Last game I was able to see distinct uses for them. But the web-grabber and the one which shoots them into the air feel like they serve too similar purposes. And I actually miss the radial because I had access to all my gear.
One feature id love is simply a civilian coming up to you asking for a selfie and you can take a quick pic would be neat
im an angry ps4 fan who keeps whining bout no ps5
games amazing! GOTY worthy for sure. only complaint. a few bugs ive had to restart a few checkpoints because the button mechanics wouldn't load things like that. over 9.5 out of 10
I just want them to stop forcing us to be MaryJane. I want to be spider-man not his girlfriend
The characters are so dumb. SOOO DUMB
Gonna buy the middle east version.
They should’ve just did it with Miles Morales. 😴💤🛌
This review cap can’t tell you how many times I threw my controller game weak combat wise story meh ok nothing spectacular game glitchy as hell but this game getting traded to GameStop and getting Super Mario wonder instead
Don't worry I'll have a looooot of time to think about it before I can buy it
I really thought they learned not to add those boring, frustrating stealth sections in the first game. That's really disappointing.
On one hand I am hapoy to have more Spider-man. It is 95% as good as the first game, and this means that it is an amazing game.  Did I say 95%? Yeah, it's a bit worse. The gameplay and maybe even the main story are improved slightly. They feel very similar to the first game, so I can't complain there.  See, my problem is that with the first game Insomniac were trying to do THE BEST superhero comic game they could. And they did great!  Unfortunately for the second title (and even more so for Miles Morales expansion) they  decided "Hey! We made a popular thing! We can now use it for virtue-signalling and pushing progressive political agenda! Weeee!"  Which... Takes away from the experience. I do not appreciate being preached at every 30 minutes of playing, even if I agree with the general political stance. AndI don't always. This constant need to make this popular title into a platform to push a narrative mudfies the waters of what could have been an amazing videogame.  It's like if you take a PERFECTLY cooked dish and you add a few drops of vinegar to it. The result still tastes great! But the perfection is gone.  Or better yet the restaurant also gives you a very preachy vegetarian who is determined to sit at your table and tell you how inhumane it is to eat meat and the conditions those animals are raised in. No matter how perfect the food is - you can't fully enjoy it now.  That vegetarian - is Insomniac writing team. 😮  It is still an amazing game. But it will constantly try to bring you out of the fantasy and towards "important social issues". It doesn't manage to ruin the game, and it is toned down compared to Miles Morales expansion. But the game is still worse for it.
After watching this and a couple other videos I have decided to buy a PlayStation 5 so that way I can play this game I'm a huge fan of the last two games so I can't wait to play this one
But but... who's got the pizza???
I really wish you guys would’ve pointed out all of the Wolk bullshit and nonsense in the game
Cutscene simulator.
I had such a fun time playing the game it’s probably the most fun game I’ve played in a long time
Just finished it and honestly, this is the best Spiderman game I've ever played (and I've been playing em since the NES days) Don't look up anything, seriously just go and play it for yourself, you won't be disappointed.
I skimmed and stopped early so I apologize if you mentioned this, but you glide on the water briefly now, and it feels like you swim faster too.
What sucks is that they cut back so much on stealth. There are no stealth gadgets at all. There could have been some great arkham style stealth encounters where spiderman using the symbiote stalks the hunters
Whatever you do DONT buy spiderman 2
Just finished it yesterday.  My complaint was just how buggy the symbiote sections were
Before you buy it, get ready to have a blast.
$98… Aiight fuq it I’ll buy it.
Their biggest issue by far is Jonah’s podcast turning off if u go into a fight
I think MJ was prettier in the original game.
This guy: Before you buy spiderman  Me: I already bought it before you posted this video
The full loop physics would work the game only does it if you have enough forward and downward momentum at the same time. Enough and you will flip all the way around. So I liked that part of the game. Many of the physics were pretty close.
I have a feeling the parry in this game was used as a test run for the Wolverine game considering Wolverine parries with his claws a lot in the comics
Plat was easy in other games people just ass I guess
MJ missions ruined the game. Why does it take spiderman 12 punches to knock out a dude that MJ can kick and KO with a stun gun. Why does spidey even bother punching people just borrow the stun gun fuck it
in MY opinion, a co-op mode implemented in this somehow would’ve been bonkers. you and ya homie both swinging through the city. bruhhhh.
I feel they added some nice stuff to swinging, but overall feels like they spent more focus on the web wings, because swinging doesn’t feel as good as the previous two games.
Is anybody else finding alot of clipping, crashes and character glitches in their game?
DLC: Please do venom. Showing that the symbiote survived and found another host (eddie Brock) Introduce the character with a flashback of spiderman doing him wrong at some point and him always hating spiderman. So the symbiote bonds with him because they both share a hatred of spiderman. In the DLC you play as venom being an anti-hero and eventually learn of your spawn carnage and have to fight him.  Spiderman 3: Please be innovative and give us spiderman coop. No other game has ever done open world spiderman coop. You guys are the ones to do it.
I especially love how they created whole new languages for this game!
This game really gave me that early 2000s new york vibe again. Like the matrix and the sam raimi trilogy the color tone is perfect especially the sunset.
do i need to play miles moralis and 2018 so i can enjoy this one?
for me the game felt repetetive just pressing square and fighting somehow the same enemies from previous of spider man games i used to play on my PS3  6/10 for me
Bruh Spiderman 2 is Spiderman: Web of Shadows x2. You can even control an Iconic Spiderman Villain 🤯 Worth the purchase so much!
Got this game last night for my birthday and so far loving it love the new system for abilities and the tech being so accessible without having to go to the wheel to pick and the speed of swinging and flying with the web wings amazing totally amazing
Been a while since a game made my jaw drop
Steering assistance set at 0 and fall damage on makes swinging a lot of fun (and sometimes funny) for me.
man youtubers' grammar is getting worse and worse lmfao
I love seeing before you buys by Jake because I can just wait for "What the game doesn't tell you" by Falcon
just finished it i loved it could have had a bit more but deffinitely right direction
Aww man, the Howard side mission 😢 bravo insomniac
GOTY  Seriously, this game
Quick question how many Spider-Man games are there for ps5?
Now that I’ve beaten the main story I can finally watch this. I absolutely loved this story. It was the perfect Spider-Man story to geek out over. Platinum trophy awaits!!
This game is so bad ass
Haven't played the game yet, but I'm calling it now that at 11:50 when you say you wish they followed up on something from the previous game it's that Yuri is set up as a supervillain. I'm guessing they don't go very far with that idea because it was revealed only in the DLC.
go for the middle east version..zero pandering
it was a good game no doubt. buuuut therr are a lot of BUTS. 1. MJ seemed to have the best "upgrades" takes her 1 sec to defeat hunters etc. while spiderMEN need at least 4 air hits or 5-6 on ground. Make it make sense 2. MJ also gets "upgrade" to instantly "heal", while again, the spiderMEN need to apply "tough love" to "heal". Why not just equip the spidermen with that upgrade in their webs? And for that matter, the WHOLE police force? Make it make sense 3. we spend 10 mins and several rounds beating a "boss", only to get one shot grabbed for sake of the story? How about we forget the fight and just make it an ambush🤷‍♂️, why did i just go out of my way to beat this boss, taking as little damage as possible, using each super ability, just to have it spring up and ragdoll me so i could be "beaten" in the next story clip? MAKE IT MAKE SENSE INSOMNIAC!!  The game IS good, story is great. But the above obvious fixes could have been made without adding to the workload of the developers. Now if we added THOSE things..which would consequently THEN put it in GOY category, imo, it would be: 1. add colorwheel so we can customize each suit 2. consequences for not completing certain side missions (i.e. dont help find instruments, no musuem opening and city upset or more violence ensues) 3. rather than unlocking ALL abilities, make the options finite per suit. So we essentially then need to equip proper suit for specific missions etc. (i.e. we went out and started a mission which increases our lightning power, but oops we disregarded the intel and began a mission which would be much easier if stealth we emphasized)  i can go on...but these would be the START to getting the game to goy, imo
9:03  Yknow, I understand that a Spider-Man game has to have web swinging, yet the idea of a giant sandbox where you can go anywhere is overwhelming; I briefly played the 2018 game and it was ok, and then I played GoW Ragnarök and it felt overwhelming, to the point that I haven't played it in months. At least in a 2D platformer like Guacamele the world "feels" big and interconnected, and traveling feels organic; I only used fast-travel to get to an area that's a bit too far, like the other side of the map.
I’ve had issues with crashes?  Anyone else have that issue
Whoever designed the bike mechanics deserves to stub their toe every morning.
Every marvel game should be made from insomniac at this point Spider Man 2 is freaking awesome
After resident evil 4 remake i am thinking this is another good game i would play
HOT TAKE : Is this game too short ?
Mary Jane looks like the reason why you don't go Vegan/Plant based lol pour malnutrition 😂
I wish NPCs would react realistically to you. Like how you’re legit spiderman walking around but NPCs barely even acknowledge your presence? So weird imo
I have to ask: did they bring in the tricks for web swinging like they had on Miles morales? That was huge for me lol
Can we stop calling miles morales a full game? It's a dlc at best
I hate when this happends, the first game had an awesome story but the gameplay feels a little rough, then, the sequel has a better combat system and mechanics but the story is more explosive and bombastic, leaving the good aspects of the first story, the drama, the character development and relationship of the characters, we don´t have the equivalent of doc. octopus, venom is cool but it´s just a mad alien, sandman is...sandman, and the hunter is very generic and he doesn´t have a relation whit spiderman...so, i don´t feel the same impact like the first game, it´s a good game but it could be better
Already bought it but i might aswell watcg the vid now
now i really want a a new Prototype game
Hey before you buy this game... BUY THIS GAME, YOU WOULDN'T REGRET IT!
It’s stupid Mary Jane has to be a playable character at all. No one buys a Spider-Man game hoping to play as MJ.
2:53 that suit looks amazing
gonna be honest, the mj missions are the reason i never beat the first one, i couldn’t get past them
So I just finished this today...Great game. The web wings kinda breaks the traversal basically you can now just fly 😂. Was a little annoyed that it doesn't have new game plus just unlock's ultimate difficulty.  Oh and most of the suits kinda look the same or look stupid. But hey thats my two cents on it.  Bring on the DLC
Me watching while already have beaten the game
It's been four days since Marvel's Spider-Man 2 released and I still have not acquired a playstation 5 console and I am starting to freak out, I don't know what to do, this is the best game that I have ever seen in my entire life, I have 100%d both Marvel's Spider-Man and Marvel's Spider-Man: Miles Morales on PC because I do not own a playstation 5 console, a playstation 5 console costs over 500 dollars and I'm not gonna be able to afford that in a million years, I need to play this game in my life time, my life will be incomplete, once I play this game I will have transcended beyond my mortal form and will have become pure, I will be in an eternal state of peace and shall no longer require anything possibly acquirable in the mortal world, I will be complete and so will my life, I need to get this game one way or another, I've been thinking of robbing a bank to try and buy a playstation 5 console and Marvel's Spider-Man 2, I don't know what to do with my life if I don't play this game, I will be a waste of human space, a waste of a soul that could've been and a waste of a man, there are not enough words in the english dictionary to explain the way I feel, I don't know what I'm gonna do if I can't play this masterpiece of a game, I need help.
Probably my least favorite Batman game
spoilers ahead, read on only if you don’t care about spoilers…  i just wanna say, i love this game, but i just did an mj mission and i hated it so much and the game has been buggy af like come on, it’s a 1 player game how is this possible, i’ve had the game be buggy af like with the mj quest i had to restart last check point cause the main story wouldn’t progress and a different time i was doing a high speed chase quest and it glitched out on me too
it's A Slap in The Face😂 When SpiderMen Needed Help The Most, in The End, They Threw Away All The Allies You've Made🤦‍♂️Classic. When The People You've Relied Upon Needs Help, Everyone Leaves.
I experienced several bugs and crashes throughout my time playing it. It's surprisingly easy to soft lock yourself in a mission and have to Retry From Checkpoint.  The other complaint is that this game does not have as much content as the first two. The story is fine, amd I love what they did with it. But paying $70 for a game that you can platinum in 28 hours feels pretty shallow. Part of me hopes that at least one of the upcoming DLCs will be free just to compensate for the initial lack of content.
PlayStation should make a Superman game
I have quite a few visual glitches and a couple of crashes. And I feel like some suits are kinda samey, but those are really all my nit picky complaints
I felt the MJ missions were a far vast improvement and felt more fun to me. They gave me a Last of Us type feeling. It's definitely more fun running around and stunning enemies rather than having to just duck behind a wall and throw something to distract an enemy
This video is great but featuring cut scenes for people who haven’t beat the game come on dude
Going through the wind tunnels makes me think insomniac is working on a Superman/ironman game
I can’t believe how great this game is. Been playing since release day. Got the Plat for the other 2 games. Here comes another!
kinda wish when you play a venom there was more violence but hey it is T rated
In 8 hours, I have had so many weird bug issues, and two crashes so far. Still been having fun with it though.
"a little less emotional" felt like they were trying too hard to make it emotional. there were so many contrived moments trying to force you to cry and it just makes you laugh instead because of how poorly it was written.  emotion in games can be great, look at the last of us... but it takes skill to write that and insomniac doesn't have that skill.   also disappointed with the open world. it's worse than the first game, which was sorely lacking in open world content. it fell into the repetitive open world ubisoft trap, and in 2 you get less of a variety and less content. spider-man 2 plays like a linear story driven game, the open world is just for traversing to the next story line.  there is an incredible foundation here to make an amazing game. they just don't have the creativity to pull it off. after beating the short campaign... the game offers nothing
didn't even see the video and I can already tell there it no need for such a video. I put all my faith in Insomniac and I would buy it instantly if I had a PS5
What difficulty were you playing on?
Honestly, just finished the game. The story was great and it was way better than the 2nd one. Going to start my second  playthrough today. Parts of this game gave me Web of Shadows vibes. I dont mean to spoil.
Before you buy pss that’s a most cop
This was next level Spider-man. I love what they did with this game and the teasers about the next. I don't think I can go back to the previous games.
You're such a joke. I love how you left out anything negative about the game and there are a lot. Funny how you never mentioned that there is no reason to unlock new suits. They're 100% cosmetic now. What a joke! And you conveniently did not mention that there are only 4 gadgets this time. Only 4!  The game was phoned in. This game is nothing more than a pathetic cash grab. Only fanboys like you gave it a glowing review.
Am I crazy or is it normal to watch these videos after you buy the product?
I haven’t felt fully immersed in a game in awhile, but this shit definitely got me in it!👍🏼
11:19 I actually liked the mj sections in the first game and the one I’ve come across in this one so far, you feel more vulnerable and it was a nice little break
One thing i've been noticing is that the graphics look really bad compared to the previous 2 games. I wonder if it's a bug or if they put more resources into other things instead of the graphics.
Beat this game yesterday. As a marvel fan boy, this ticks all the boxes 👌🏾
Dude honestly yes, I’m enjoying the story. But one thing I really didn’t like on the first game is that the enemy fights are VERY repetitive. Like it gets to a point where I actually let out a brief sigh before continuing because it’s just a lot of unnecessary repetition. There’s no variety regular enemy wise. I was hoping that the developers would mix it up and/or change that issue but unfortunately so far it’s the same. The Arkham games were repetitive too, but not to this extent.
Bought it. Beat it. Platinumed it. Loved all 30+ hours of this game
I'd like to know why they changed Peter's appearance.
“Greater New York” aka not NYC
My only complaint is that they over used the 3 stage boss fights a bit much for my liking.
Cant wait for wolverine!!! First spiderman game was decent but having it as the main IP was a shame. Other games between Spiderman releases would have been far better and would mean each Spiderman game would be better with a much bigger gap.  Just my opinion!
Is it for ps4 to
Blobfish mary jane
Will this come out on pc later?
Why they gotta keep ruining the faces?!
Spidey has always had parry...
The scene from Sandman he almost looked like the Hulk???
It’s about the story for me how long is it like eight hours 12 hours ?
Dodging still sucks
Me watching this after completing it yesterday....
I do prefer the story of the first game because it feels a bit more grounded/emotional but this game had my jaw dropped so many times I can't complain. Another great game by insomniac!
I just finished the game. That Howard side mission made me tear up a bit.
I wish this is a good template for Insomniac to work on an Avengers-kind of game. It’ll be so awesome to play those characters in an Insomniac-developed game.
I bet this game in 10 hours
Will play it in time. Need a price drop
I don’t like the graphics at all. Looks like a ps3 game
So excited for this game. So upsetting they didn’t remove the slow MJ sections lol
can i not wear a spandex suit and just drive a car in this game?
This game's story makes this game a must play.
The symbiote suit is awesome i like how its changes while you wear it. It evolves
...wait, you didn't mind the mary jane sections? When I reached the 2nd or 2rd mary jane section in this game (the cool one) my frustration level went from a 0 to 80/100. Yes it was very cool and cinematic, but I payed 140 aud to play a spiderman game, where I play as spiderman, not his girlfriend. And goddamn even for a 100% spiderman game 140 is just too much
To summarise: Most of the time, this game really makes you FEEL like spiderman But the web wings *don't* really make you FEEL like spiderman
When I will be able to download it on ps4?
I wish you could play a venom in this game like you could in Ultimate Spider-Man. You could literally fight off the military with ease, and go around eating people to get health. Such a good game 😍
It looks like ps2 version and flying it looks like sonic frontiers not for Nintendo switch or forget about it who cares for PS five players hell yeah crazy but try to find East eggs
If only my ps5's heat sync didn't got bad...
I bought the game before I watched
Mj had a glow up
Comparing a sequel to Ragnarok is essentially saying the game is terrible, I don't think spidey 2 deserves that comparison
Is it bad this just makes me want a Super-Man game now?
Hot take; €80 for a 12 hour game is too much money, no matter the quality of the content
Shit tells you how to perch in the first few minutes 😂
Buy this game blackout at 4 am last night so stocked ab playing it
how long is the storyline?
I love the graffiti in every game it gets better and better every game.
Best game of the year hands down
symbiote suit still looks ugly
This game is so mediocre I wouldn't give it anything over a 4/10 what a sad state this industry is in
Latest Lethal Weapon installment. 👌
"And were back with another after you buy" ***
I hate that they go further from realist web traversal. Spinning around a pole infinitly? Wtf is that?
If feels like the ps2 version lol 😆
**cries in pc**
do i need to play the first spiderman game to get the second
People may disagree, but I would love an open world Spider-Man game online where you can create your Spider-Man however you want, sorta like a Spider-Verse
Does Spider-Man 2 have an epilepsy warning?
I already platinumed the last spider man and pre ordered the game but sure ill watch this
GUYSSSS YOU FORGOT TO mention the biggest one When you go with high speed, you can actually surf on water instead of just having to jump out of it  I just find out it’s crazy  🔥🔥🔥🔥 I was going to fall with Miles. He just surf himself on water 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🌊🏄‍♀️
This game is ass so far. The swinging mechanics suck. My settings keep getting reset. The audio cuts out mid gameplay. It went slowmo out of nowhere. They need to fix this shit soon cuz I'm not having any fun with it
I love this game so far. Had a couple bugs I noticed like Pete picking up some paper to read and his fingers go through the paper. Also had a crime fight where they got into the car at the end that you chase well they got in the car and drove right through a building. Only happened once but still I think it's a great game
1:40 « This footage was captured on PS5 »  And what about the xbox version?
More like "After You Buy". Insomniac never disappoints.
Loving the game so far but it feels way too much scripted. Tunnel winds will automatically suck you in if you are just near them, web shooters will hit the target even if slightly off the mark, the "redirecting" of Spidey when navigating set pieces. Also, the invisible walls suck ("You are leaving mission area"). But overall it's a great game, as fun to play as the first (and Miles).
The only channel I trust to review a game end to end and not spoil shit in the process 🤘🏻
Good god I need a PS5
Now playing it, the wingsuit is so much fun the speed you can get is jsut so good for a swing right after a burst. IN general its just hella fun for me and I thought I was gonna hate it at first
I love the game by my god does it go in hard pandering to left wing identity shite.
You said late 80’s and early 90’s? I'm buying it
8:07 Definitely not. Why didn't they just give spiderman the power of flight? Why can't you just swing on your webs across the harbour? Because physics. If you don't give a shit about physics then you don't give a shit about objective reality. If you don't give a shit about objective reality then you are fkd in the head.
Most useless video ever
I found repetitive bullshit very interesting this time as I said for the last series of sony games that they’re paying my rent
Bullshit game man
Can’t wait for 2028 for spider man 3 🤣
See you in two years steam folks.
75 Euro is just beyond ridiculous for 12 hours of a main game. You people are shills.
will it come to pc?
Is adaptive trigger available for the new game ?
zzzzzz
Great game
If only I could play this...
Before you pirate
Can you still sling from a top.. for those that don’t understand what i mean. When you run up a building and shoot a Webb to sling up and over the edge of the roof top to build momentum
The mj gameplay is hilarious they really put this women thru military training over the complaints 😂😂
Played for an hour, and the graphics are seriously disappointing
What about of Hot Wheels Unleashed 2: Turbocharge?
Got bored quit and haven’t been able to get back into it.
Seeing these spider man games make me want to switch to team p5
I know the suits get damaged during combat, and get repaired when healed or when out of combat. But is there damage done to the suits that's story related? And is it only to the main suit or any suit?
2 easy
Heres hoping for a amazing wolverine game (if they are still working on that.) Hopefully both xbox and playstation can share the experience. Just about to finish spiderman. Now im waiting for miles to go on sale.
It crashes my ps5:/
You guys enjoying it? Thinking of buying
So did they give reviewers versions without bugs? No one mentions them but the game is full of them
I think this game is just more of Spiderman. Not saying its a bad game by any strange of the imagination but if people going in thinking its something totally out of this world and more creative than the previous two games, you be disappointed.
Got an extra Deluxe Edition code for the game, N.A. Region, I’d be willing to part with it for $60 if anyone is interested, lmk
Are the spiderman games worth playing on pc?
Still waiting to play it, the game turned up and I put the disc in to make sure everything was fine for when I wanted to start recording videos for it and it just came up as an Unreadable Disc (PS5), the disc was clean, no damage and yes I made sure it was the right way up, even checked to see if there were any updates for the PS5 and that it could still read other discs from other games, my PS5 was as up to date as could be and could still play other games no problem, tried running the disc in my brothers PS5 just to make sure the issue was the disc and not my console but the game still came up as Unreadable Disc on his console too, so now I'm having to get it replaced and report the faulty product to the sell (a Main Retail sell who deals specifically with games), so I'll have to wait longer before I can play it and record a Walkthrough on the game, I've seen online that some people who got the Physical copy have been having some installation issues with it but in my case it's just saying Unreadable Disc, I'm still looking forward to playing it though once it's all sorted out as I do love Insomniac's Marvel Spider-Man games
Who else is watching this after preordering/buying? 😅
Okay you’ve got me I just got deluxe edition😂
Do I have to play the first one or can I jump into this one?
POV you bought the game before watching this vid
Is it worth to buy the Game on ps4? Im usually a xbox guy, but i got me a ps4 for the miles morales Game :)
So many sky scrapers in Brooklyn for some reason
Me watching this knowing dam well I'm not gonna buy this
Me
My save in miles morales has godmode for some reason.
I really wish that after the story we could choose to use the black or the white symbiot but everything else is a 10/10 in my opinion
Had all the colour go for the city & npcs spidey & miles stayed normal only for a short while after sandman the sand looked like snow!
Who else bought the Deluxe edition 👀🫵🏾🫵🏾🫵🏾
Would you recommend playing spider man 2018 before playing this one? I didn’t have a ps5 at the time 2018 came out but if this is mostly the same and better, i’ll jump on this one!
Spiderman PS4 looks better than Spiderman 2 on PS5
Playstation only... pass
Insomniac needs to keep making games. Take my money
Can you play multiplayer and you and another person can play both Spider-Man?
The ability design is still on the fence for me, I think gadget wise I much prefer how Spider-Man one did it, cause it gave more options for stealth and such but only having like 4 gadgets which essentially only group enemies together limits stuff
Spider-Man was my first platinum. Can’t wait to do it again
This game kicks ass.
This my first time actually not watching your take on a game. Want to experience it myself. Don’t even want to see game play. Just came to comment and like cause I still support
I couldn't care less about this game
Who else bought a physical copy and is now just waiting on a hotfix so we can install the game while digital owners are able to swing around already?😢
The game is to short for that much money. I was hyped for the game but I can't get myself to spend 70-80 on a game I'ma beat in 20 hours or less. F that I'll play ark or Conan where I get longevity
I got platinum trophy for god of was ragnarok and if they continue it will be even better then the spider man games
I would love to see a ' into the spiderverse '  type game in the future
Wait. Is he saying miles morales was a game? Twas a dlc for the first game
Lol whats starfield
12:25 Pulling down the water towers is paying homage to Spider-Man: Maximum Carnage. While playing as Venom, you could punch the supports until it would fall into your hands and then you could throw it and take out a bunch of enemies at once.
Fun fact 70% of the streets and buildings have been copied and pasted over 3 games
Just got mine this morning can't waittt
I really shouldn't have bought it. The game doesn't even work
Looks like a remake of Web of Shadows without Luke Cage, Wolverine, Black Widow, Moon Knight, and more, and adds Miles. I’m also not sure how I feel about Harry as Venom, seems so weird to me as a Spidey fan, but I suppose this was for writing’s sake to make it more “gripping” when they fought.
NOPE IT'S JAKE....
Yap yap yap idc getting the game even if it’s bad
Noticed in the beginning you can stand in fire and not die. 10/10 game design.
I didn’t preorder so buying it now seems like a waist should I wait for a sale 😅😂
Dont buy it trash..
I just stopped playing since it released. Didnt even sleep. It released at 00.00 and its 17.15. Thats how good
It’s sad that Xbox is the the only service that genuinely wants to bring more games to everyone, while PlayStation gate keeps amazing titles like this
The only dowsnide of this game is the 80gb copy...  Waiting while watching this video lol
I'll put it this way.  Spiderman ps5 is the first game in YEARS that I completed start to finish and I don't even have a ps5 lol that's just me stopping by my sisters house to say hi and then staying for an hour or two to play 😂
I'm really not a fan of QuickTime events in games.
Ok ok ok ...for a moment I was like who is this fker where is faaaaaalcon !!  Get better nice vid
I know falcon's voice so muchhh....I was about to say that ain't him😂, till he said he's under the weather....get well soon bro ✨
Their THIRD Spiderman game, Spiderman TWO  That sounds asinine
Would you recommend to buy Spiderman 2 when I havent played the previous 2?
Man you need some multivitamins and to get some sunlight. Cuh always sick n shit.
Jake is my Spider-Man
I love how these superheroes change on rooftops. 😂 As a born and raised New Yorker I know someone or perhaps a security camera is gonna is gonna catch them on that roof.
Idk if green goblin is in this one at all but man I’m so excited for that
I hope I can have the same excitement as everyone else about this game.   Maybe I’m just an old gamer because I got tired of getting 100% with the Spider-man remastered on ps5.   Really enjoyed the first few web swings then after completing the main story everything felt like a chore. It didn’t make me curious anymore.   The game is great don’t get me wrong but it gives me flashbacks of fighting force on PS1 after a while.   Does anyone in the world have the same experience as me or I’m looking for aliens?
IT’s downloading rn😅
Do we get to use symbiote suits and abilities post game?
It’s seems like they didn’t even try much the hud is absolutely horrible and graphics is mid af
So its the same city with a few changes ? Pffff  Im getting to old to do the same thing over and over again
This is on of the best Spiderman games especially during this era where cinematic storytelling has been replaced by online multiplayer pay-to-play. It is more comic book like but that is the nature of the villains presented in the game. You can't have Venom or Lizard or even Kraven without going to the comic book style of gameplay and action. The only thing I nitpick is that it is heavily assumed that people have played the first Spider-Man game on PS4 as well as Miles Morales. So the story may not encapsulate you as much especially because of the Harry stuff.
On the first mission i was like . "I CAN'T BELIEVE WHAT I M WATCHING". i m four hours into the game doing the sidemissions and then the main and I have a great time with the overall experience. The only bad thing is the way L2+R2 works cause i dont feel it as responsive and fast as the previous games. Or maybe it's my controller or the new city scale. Idk still 10/10 spiderman game again
Yeah, I beat every Spider-Man up to The platinum trophy. The only one I didn’t beat up to platinum trophy was the PlayStation five Spider-Man one which was really good on the PlayStation 4, (but I  got the platinum trophy for ps4 so I guess I did I don’t know )but I finally got a copy of it for free  Like 3/4 months ago ( also, if you like Devil, May cry five definitely play Devil May cry five PlayStation five, it looks so sick, ( Best thing about it is it’s free for PlayStation plus members I’m not sure if it’s essential or if it’s premium, the last and highest wrong is only streaming PlayStation 2-3-4 - I don’t see it really being worth it because it’s cloud streaming,  if you’re into the DMC and resident evil )PlayStation five I was not paying $20 to operate it at one point u had to pay 50 Because they took the offer away, but I’m like halfway through it and Spider-Man  2 is  out, so I’m gonna finish up Madden( in an hour) and Maybe play the last battle Spider-Man one again before I played this Spider-Man 2for a little while, and and the night with the ending of RE4- before I go onto separate ways well, I have a funny feeling. I’m gonna wake up mad early and start playing Spider-Man again because it looks freaking awesome.! As a dude that like comics I really didn’t start ( I actually would read venom more because I like the whole dynamic between him and his son Plus, sometimes it’s good. Sometimes he’s bad I guess you can call that someone an antihero, because anyone who knows in the comics, he was kind of on a redemption arc.) reading comics that much until recently with the whole carnage venom. KNULL( The god of symbiote I hope somehow he is either is shown  or teased, and we get to actually take him on in a DLC, if they did that I pay for it right now lol), because the comics of the knull series was so sick Spider-Man Miles Morales all that good stuff.
Brain: Just buy it Heart: TAKE MY MONEY!!!
Wildcard football?
OMG YESSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The First Game is My Favorite Game of all time and  Miles Morales was also Perfect and I've never been more Excited for a Game in My Life! THIS GAME LOOKS INCREDIBLE!!!!!! It Looks Like it's going to be Everything I wanted!!! Game Of The Year!!! I'M SOOOOOO FREAKING HYPED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  In Insomniac We Trust!!! LET'S GOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let's take a moment of silence for all those xbox owners.
Really? Sonic Superstars didn’t get a before you buy?? 😭😭
The character animation looks fake and less real than the environment and surrounding objects.
I expected more for this franchise, its just added 2 spiderman in action, combat, skins and more mission. nothing special. I dont want to compare but Horizon and god of war definately nailed it. The spiderman 2 should also focus on environment. not only combat.
Insomniac needs to make the god damn KOTOR game
The fan boy in you really shines here. There were no cons mentioned.. 😅
I obviously haven’t played the game yet but i 100% agree and understand with the “shock factor aspect” thats what i was trying to tell my friends about GoW and GOW Ragnorock. Both were amazing games and Ragnorock even expanded on what was already great. BUT the shock factor of the first 1 was seriously amazing
Should I play first spider man first then play 2nd ? Or it doesn’t matter
Yeah! It could be great if split screen
Spiderman 2018 was good. The Miles Morales DLC was such a terribly written story, with such awful cliched characters, and cringe dialogue, i never finished it. Even solid gameplay gets old after a while when every cut scene is eye rolling. Without a decent narrative to propel you through the normal busy work of these Spiderman games, they can get tedious. Its all very samey after a while. And - Honestly, i have no interest in Miles Morales being in the game. Its unnecessary - and like the Mary Jane missions, seems jammed in for all the wrong reasons. If they were going to put Brooklyn and/or Queens in the game, why not pick one and do it right, instead of shrinking them into unrecognizable bits & pieces. Thats another decision i dont understand.  I will, of course, be playing the game when it comes out, but i have some serious reservations. Thats why im not buying it without playing it first. Gamefly baby. Still a killer service.
The first spiderman 2018, was the ONLY game i ever got the platinum for.
Love it but im just happy now we can get some wolverine info by summer 2024. That games gonna be something else
when is black panther going to come team up with miles
As long as we dont have to play as Mary Jane wattson again
Does it make you, FEEL, like Spider-Man?
Dang Bro, you sound like you licked a door knob at one of those gamer conventions or went down on a cosplay tra nny and got the throat cancer.
Too late, everybody with a ps5 already preordered the deluxe Edition.
Spider Jake,  Spider Jake.  While you sleep,  He's awake.   Playing games,  To review.  Should you buy? What to do?
The game is as bad as venom with wings redbull commercial btw
Y’all like superheroes too much
Swing through the same city a 3rd time. Yay
Im not watching this one cuz i dont want a single spoiler. All i know is for the next 72 hours, i am witerwally pewtr parker
can u play as venom?
ITS THE EXACT SAME GAME !!!
It's the same game ..
The game is kind of a disappointment
Is the combat as repetitive as the last game? I played it for a few hours before giving up on it because I got tired of "punch, punch, kick, web, repeat".
Hey guys I need some help. My physical copy is said to be coming by Saturday but I pre ordered it so why aren't I getting it on Friday
I just wish they kept Peters model from the first game. This one isn’t bad but he just looks more like a high schooler
Wow from Mary Jane to Mary jaws
Who else is watching after already having pre-ordered the game? 😂
Rest in peace harry Osborne
Too late jake already bought it
No offense towards Gameranx but just by the look of this game, you can’t really not spoil anything. I had no idea sandman was in here. I’m super hyped. It looks so packed full of stuff.
Spiderman 2018 is the only game I have ever platinumed. I hope this game pulls me in the same way!
Woe did you say don't know if spiderman needed a parry? Just back flips and slow motion back flips? Nah he needs that perry dude this is gonna be so sick Im so excited I could punt a baby!
Aye okay not a fan of the face changing like it's nothing but making MJ Hot AF makes everything okay. I don't need to know more if she's actually hot
Hope you feel better soon Jake!!
They did it! The 90° around the corner swing from ps2 spider-man 2
Shut up and buy the game !
You can do the pointing meme = game of the year
There's no before you buy, you just buy it emidiately
i LOVE how you avoid spoilers. As a pretty big spiderman fan and a HUGE fan of insomniac’s games so far. Yours is some of the only content I can watch just for fear of spoiling pieces of the game, even small pieces, because I get a lot of enjoyment out of those little things.
I loved the first game but never did the miles dlc. Not going to play this game as I don’t have a clue what’s going on
Watching this while it downloads 😅
It dropped ?
Me, who pre-ordered 😳
Do I need to finish Miles morales to play SP2?
I just want to play as Venom, but this game still looks super fun so I will definitely be picking it up.
good dayThank you guys so much for all you do for us gamers. Totally stoked to play this, have been since I beat the first one. Friday is going to be a good day. Cheers 🍻 . Cheers
Watching this when i already preordered it 😅
No body else thinks it is odd to make a "before you buy" video before the embargo is done?  How can you give your honest opinion if the video is basically sponsored?
No. Stop it. I’m buying. None of this.
first before you buy where i haven’t actually bought the game yet
Why do they keep changing the Character models?
Ah, now both the spidermen have venom powers!  [Insert laugh here]
A must buy for me
Great video as always
My buddy and I wanted to preorder it so we could play right away (like good Spiderman devouts) but have to wait until next week, budget wise, so we've been making every effort to avoid innumerable spoilers throughout the 'tube - at least there's no risk in checking out Gameranx' diligent before you buy, which simply covers the first hour about. In regards to certain infuriating 100% completion videos surfing around, we're like "It must be nice...". (Personally I'm very skeptical of such boastful claims.) 😃 By the way, I love the "in full swing together" pun. I'd also like to add how I'd forgotten how much I enjoyed both the original and Miles Morales version. Insomniac really does make fantastic, chef's kiss games.
Dont understand why they keep adding MJ sequences, it slows down gameplay looks ass and is just braindead
Literally the only game review channel I listen to
1:17 this is what I feared the most. That it was going to feel like a DLC for the first game. I’ll wait for it to be free on PS+
I play Xbox I'm just happy they still make good spicy games 😅
Flying, even a poor mans version, is the best feeling in an open world game.
I plan to record myself duct taped to a gah damn wall while I beat the game.               No-  seriously.
Before you buy? Should’ve named it after you bought it. Cause no way should anyone pass up on this game
I don't even have a PS5
i really hope they release this game to PC in a few months.
Really looking forward to this but, am I being overly picky to say that the repeating texture on the flat roof at 4:29 is really noticeable and a bit meh? Probably!
I’ve only ever platinumed 2 games and that’s spider man and miles morales
No need I’m too broke to buy
As someone who’s not managed to start the original Spider-Man games, is the second game one you can jump into without playing the first ones?  I have them and WANT to play them just haven’t had the time. But if I started the second without playing them, would I regret it or not understand the story?
They should’ve added two player co-op it’s cool that you could switch between characters, but it would be even more fun to play with a friend.
already got it downloaded can’t wait for tonight!
Anyone else watching this even though they don’t have a PlayStation or pc?
Already pre-ordered! Friday can’t come fast enough 😭 Side note: Can’t wait to see what Insomniac does with the Wolverine game.
We are hours away
Mary Jane was insufferable in the first game. She was such an annoying b tch.
Too late
I’ve never gotten a platinum trophy on on PlayStation before bc I never really cared for them (except Skyrim/Destiny I’m still trying) But getting a platinum on every insomniac Spider-Man games just feels like something I have to do lmaoo
I don’t have a ps5 yet but this game just looking at it generally makes me happy
Omg why is he black haha
Sony needed to DESPERATELY take Spider-Man.   Why?  If Nintendo released on the eshop every single Spider-Man game ever on any Nintendo platform  No other company can touch that library………   Sony doesn’t have more Spider-Man games than Nintendo.   They NEEDED TO take this away from Nintendo mainly.   Because Sony PlayStation is inferior   Spider-Man should go back to being for EVERYONE ON ALL PLATFORMS ❤
So glad this lived up to expectations! Loved the previous Spider-Man games, super excited to check this one out. They've perfected the smallish open world, favouring detail and quality over size, and the perfect way of getting around it.
Sorry, but I bought it a few months ago!
Hmm he didn't address the look controversy of Mary Jane or the treatment of cops controversy intriguing 🤔
Great, now I’m even more excited about Wolverine
"Spoiler free" proceeds to show possibly the entire gameplay
I actually have a video I uploaded screwing around on Spider-Man I’ve platinum them both
Bro it's a Spiderman 2 we all know everyone's gonna buy it without thinking
It like like they focused on framerate over pushing the hardware.    Personally i usually prefer they push the tech over just doubling the frames. Could've done a lot more like nps density, better ray tracing, effects, draw distance etc
Least MJ is hot in this game
Why is miles in this? Isn’t this a sequel to Spider-Man?
This is gonna be unreal
8:06 “I don’t know if it makes sense, physics wise, but I don’t care”   Jake, you’re playing a Spider-Man game… Nothing makes sense “physics wise” lol
Those birds that are centered around the player while swinging is super lame and immersion breaking.
sounds like just a good game, why are ppl calling goty tho? there is no chance this is winning over bg3 or totk
"Just my extreme bias."   I think you mean OUR.
ear if they dot put a wolverine cameo in it.. thatll be a great missed opportunity
More like Arkham Knight glide
Alr bought it 100+ days ago
we genuinely need a "Spiderman web of shadows" remake or something after this. Would be a banger of a game which it already was but I'd say it needs some changes to be the best game
Im sad what made SONY special is dying off these days… Throwing money at Online only “games as service” products, going back to superficial action and flashiness instead of telling an amazing story unlike any other. SONY has to go back to top tier writing like Aunt May in Spidey 1, the father son dynamic in God of war 1, who could both entertain kids aswell as the mature audience with deep gripping stories.
Who else is picking up Marvel's spiderman 2 tonight!🎉
I bought the Limited Edition PS5 Spiderman 2 Version. Before ive seen your video. I love spiderman. The movies and the games are crazy!
Hi, I was wondering if you guys are gonna do a  video like this on the metal gear solid vol 1 remake for us? Thank you for considering.
First one got boring quick. This looks the same. Doesn't look next gen either.
I don't like  miles 💀 I have my reasons
Why u hater
As long as they don't try to get me to hate women like in the last game.
Can't wait to watch someone play this instead of wasting $70
Too late!!! Already bought it!!
For the first time i think this isn't before u buy episode its more of Personal fannatic comment
Love the parkour elements and focus on the tiny movements. This was particularly missing in Miles Morales.
More than half of us already bought it
Oh god more MJ missions smh 😢
Webslinging in the rain??
Hopefully they kept Miles animations from the first game and add more to it.
I already bought it. That is all thank you 🙏🏾
thanks for the straight up gameplay and first impressions..
can we free roam as venom at the end?
Accidentally watched after I bought 🙃
love hearing another spiderman fan this excited
I already saw Dunkey play Spider-Man 2
So you can buy the standard disc version and upgrade to digital deluxe version and get the suits?
This game is everything I wanted it to be and more
Beautiful game.
Does this have snow?
Anyone else notice they made MJ look like shes in her late 30s
that ending was so funny LMAO
My complaint is Miles’s new haircut
Considering the amount of things that happen at the Chrysler building in Spider-Man lore it’s really awful  and noticeable that it’s missing
I feel like the spider wings are a foreshadow for ghost spider now that miles or spin or what ever his name is is here which I guess would be the next game spiderman Gwen and then spiderman 3?
You already f***Ed up thinking miles was a full game...Thats was just A DLC
Thank you for that spoiler alert.  Just hearing you say it's incredible, I'm ready to download.  Unfortunately for you that means I stopped watching 1 min in......for now.  Thanks for always giving the truth. - A true listener.
there is no before you buy, you simply buy Spiderman 2
Do I want to go back and play the full first game before I play this one? I played bits and pieces of it.
I played 2/3rds of the first game, and somehow stopped. Not that it wasn’t good, yet still I just.. stopped 🤷‍♂️ Never played the Miles Morales game, but honestly, how important is it to have played the two prior games, in order to enjoy Spiderman 2 on its own?
Mannnn I already bought it can't wait lol
1:57 If that surprise doesn't show Spider-Gwen then who cares? Definitely not buying the game until they add her as a playable character.
Me watching this after buying it already 👁👄👁
What’s happening to the birds at 4:03?? Honestly not buying the game that bit thru me off looks like garbage
I especially like the parts where you get to play as Mark-John and zap people with a taser... Always needed in a power fantasy game.
Swinging physics just looks so goofy. Wish they'd stick to a slightly more realistic pendulum and make it more skill based rather than pretty.
Ain’t no one’s boutta watch a before you buy about this one boss😂
Took me two years but achieved it
I'm looking forward to Venom the most, it's gonna be awesome
I can’t wait to play this game tomorrow
Just got platinum on Miles Morales for PS5, I just need one more trophy on the ps4 version I have platinum on Spider Man PS4 but have yet to play the remastered edition on ps5
I don't have a ps5, gonna wait for the pc release 💀
Glorified assasins creed
Doesn’t watch 1 second of the vid proceeds to buy spider man 2
Me watching this when I already pre ordered it 😅
BUT I ALREADY BOUGHT IT!
Before you buy just know you should buy it. Only game you can bet will be good
The black Toby suit?!?!?! Yes!!!!
I always hated the UI on the start menu
Gotta do MJ missions  again 💩
The ending🤯
It’s to late I got it same with the shoes and the hoodie. I got the venom pair though way cheaper
Can we know when this game will come out on PC because I can’t get a PS5 and I really wanna know when it comes out in PC
Did I just see the Spider Man 3 Black Suit….
Not the sandman spoiler at 10:58
So glad the screen doesn’t freeze anymore after you stop a crime like in miles morales. It was just so unnecessary.
Mary Jane sections with an ugly Mary Jane is not a day one buy for me.
I was never a Spider Man fan. I don't like the comics, cartoons, movies or any of the games... until... i tried the the 2018 Spider Man. I waited till the PS5 version came out, and I loved it. I just finished Miles Morales last week and while i haven't pre-ordered a game in over a decade, i pre-ordered Spider Man 2 last week.
I really can’t wait for this game
NIXXES never disappoints. Let's go!
We got the emotional bits of both our characters backstories, now it’s time for the badass web-slingin duo to get to work. On a side note I kinda like a parry being added. For instance in Arkham Batman can parry or dodge, and depending on the enemy type sometimes you can only rely on one or the other. I still will mostly dodge, because I mean come on the dodges are so smooth and stylish from these acrobats, but it’ll be a nice way to mix up combat occasionally
Of course I’m gonna buy this
I already brought it
MJ got ugly
No. Nope. Nuh-Uh. Im not having it.   There is no “Before you buy ✋” for this game.   ITS F*CKING PHENOMENAL GO GET IT RN.
You need to master that I'll voice Jake 😂
As a first time ps5 user, would you recommend getting all 3 spiderman games? Spiderman, miles morales and spiderman2?
Doesn't matter what you say about this game it'll sell million's of copies
The perfect game 🎯
Pre-ordered, staring at the countdown.
The game looks meh.
Appreciate the non-spoiler review, cheers Jake
Get well soon bro🫰🏻♥️🇮🇳
Bruh should have done this video months ago before everyone and their mothers started pre ordering. This is the highest anticipated game all year
I just want to know for sure if we can playa s Venom or not and if that extends to free roam.
Gameranx is way better than IGN for real who watches them ugly folks
My girlfriend, who isn't into superhero stuff at all, really got into the first 2 games just based on how fun the web swinging was. I feel like it really says something when a game like this can also draw in people well outside the intended audience.
They brought back Mary Jane’s missions? There’s no way they didn’t see that no one liked them 😂
Gameranx is a little under the weather every video lol
too late. already preordered it...
can't wait to play it,... in 2 years, ... on Steam
Can't believe I made it this long without knowing there was a Sandman sequence! So exciting!
I love watching these after I bought the game
the sony execs are a bunch of wh*res for making this ps5 exclusive when they know damn well how many pc gamers are ready for this lol
Damn I keep hearing the story is nowhere as good as the first. I got a feeling this game is gonna disappoint me
Looks the same. Swing, see a a crime web down, beat bad guys. Web off to the story. Press triangle+circle . Power move.   Of course graphics never disappoint but still seems copy and paste as usual. I’ll wait for it to land on plus
The first time I’ve actually watched the video before buying
King Sony has done it again. Microshit will never have anything of this quality
Cannot wait for this
Watching before you buy after you already bought it 👁️👄👁️
The Sam raimi suit gameplay was crispy
I alr preordered just wanna see what yall say about the game
Another 'before you buy' that basically tells you to 'buy before you watch'
Another pointless video, please retitled it to: Just Buy it  I can understand other games need caution before buying, but this Spiderman game is gonna be a must play and a must buy no questions ask.
Is it just me or dose Insomniac have to code for both Amazing Prototype and Infamous games, just saying i can imagen it from Peters  and Miles powers.
I bought it yesterday super hyped to play it
Great I have an Xbox … I need a ps5 asap.
Try putting contrast to 10. The game looks 100x times better with that.
Was really debating on not getting this game because of all the powers and flying. Just didn’t look like SPIDER-MAN. But seeing you enjoy it as a fanatic raises my hopes. I’m hoping I can just play it as classic spidey in classic suits again, and not have to fly around like Superman and use nothing but iron spidey and electro powers.
Yup I got plat. On both ps5 and ps4 Spider-Man 1 and Spider-Man miles morales
Didn't know sandman was in this, till this video 😅 man come on gameranx yall my number 1
Imagine have a 2 Spider-Men in the game and you still play as MJ , that’s insane
I did. Although working on the hardest difficulty fr the 1st one which I’m 58% done. And I missed a few in miles which I was surprised.
Can't wait for wolverine
Thumbnail didnt disappoint 😂🔥
So kinda the same as the other 2 games. Ntgl this game is a little overhyped and overrated. Dont get me wrong its a cool game but nothing extreme tbh
They had to bring I mean Insomniac trying to top GoW Rag story moments& LoU2 moments🔥Sony don’t miss don’t what Xbox doing they been too quiet
Looks polished, looks fun, not broken and there is no monetization. How can you go wrong?
I’ve been been counting down the days since the end of the miles morales game GOTY For sure I cannot wait to play this game over and over just like the others
Only complaint: MJ looks like you out her in a microwave and forgot about her.  Edit: MJ sections are back. Hooray. 😑 I sure loved not having fun as her in the last game. Yep. Super glad they brought that pointless shit back.
@ 7:52 what did he attach to? A bird?
I like how he gave straight out gamplay and their first impressions
I’m absolutely crazy to see what they’re doing with wolverine!
God bless ❤ Turn towards Jesus and away from sin 🙏 Through him we are saved
Of course they have to keep putting random Mary Jane moments in there. Gotta be inclusive!
I’m fina finally get a platinum trophy on spider man 2
I'm still waiting for the bad things? 😅
The inclusion of Miles Morales is whats gonna bring this game down. The guy is pointless, he has no goals, no motivation hes just Spider-Bitch.
The developers should make games for  PS5  as well as PC ..... we PC gamers are lacking these games .... and missing these games...
Still pissed that they changed peters face. Makes people loose connection too the character.
Before we buy im getting it right away without no hesitation
Its not even a before you buy CUZ ITS DEFINITELY the most anticipated Spiderman game ever. Insomanic executed this game perfectly
I’m glad they kept the Mary Jane sections, not because I like them but because it means it’s insomniacs game. The way games go south and end up feeling like they have no purpose is when game companies try to please every single person and the game becomes everything but want the developers want it to be. I know that the more of the game is truly the developers vision of what it should be the better the game is going to be done. Just my 2 cents
Trust you more than any other reviewer out there. Just keep up the excellent work.
I just wish they would change how he walks. Whenever hes running its fine but if you just decide to walk normally its like half squat half walk 😂
I played 2018 and MM both 9/10 so I pre ordered it, I want more of the same but MORE, which it looks like.
Why is it that every time I see first gameplays of a Spider man game, the player absolutely sucks at web swinging?
I absolutely loved the first game. It was the 2nd game I ever platinum'd. Totallly can't wait to play this Friday!
Wait. Did Spider-man just run out of webbing/damage his shooters while wearing the symbiote? Smh
Great B4YB Jake. I can’t wait for this game. Platinum again for sure. I want to do everything
Im watching this after i bought it
I wish Mary Jane wasn’t still a butterface :(
The hype is real!!!
This isn'tJake stop lying gamerrankung
A few months after Miles Morales? More like 10 months.
make it co-op
More like "Before You buy...a PS5"
Please answer me this... . . . . . . . . . . . ...are there ANY Screwball missions? I could NOT stand those missions.
This game might be the reason I get a ps5
If arkham didn't exist this would easily be the best modern superhero game i have played, while edge of time is a masterpiece it's more impressive with the storytelling/character accuracies then like the balance of gameplay, which is decent at best.
30 hours to platinum the game might be a hard pass for me only cause it’s 70$
ThT’s dope as fuck i already bought it thi
This video should be 20 second long max the intro then you saying that there is nothing to know before you buy just buy it then the outro
Had it preordered since June
bro they need to grab up the coop option with this hahaha
Waiting on that RadBrad early access part 1 video
1) I will always love games that have a more emotional side than explosive action, which is why I'll tell you SM1 will score higher  2) I rather play the same map and mechanics with new story every other year, than wait 4 years for an entire new game
So its the exact same game as the previous two but they added gliding and a bit more webswinging got it
I paused it as soon as you said you would spoil something minor at the beginning… I just wanna enjoy the game as much as possible and I would like experience that myself  Will definitely come back after I’ve played a bit though!
Can we just talk about why insomniac doesn’t Take from what makes Spider man Webs of Shadows the best combat Spider-Man game because I love the story but I feel like I’m always pressing square and using the special abilities every time it just gets boring I want more combos like Spider-Man webs of shadows !!!!
Spider man 3 will have gwen
I had a blast with Spider Man 2018 and I know I will with this game too. I'm so excited to try the web swinging and wing suit. I cannot wait to explore the whole map
Story is good but overall not a fan I got bored of 2018 Spider-Man too repetitive
The game looks fantastic but is anyone ready for something different? I feel like even though I’ll be playing this that at some point I’m going to get bored. Kinda looking more forward to Allan Wake 2. I dunno just another open world game with a million things to do, feels like I’ve played that over and over and over again.
Sounds like an infomercial… “I’m not going to show you anything proving why you should buy a game repeat that looks/plays worse than the first, but man you better believe it!!” Boo 😒
Thanks for the review. Made me realise that I don’t really want this game especially at the 70 price tag. I wish I could pay it for cheaper but for 70 dollars there are much more other games I really want to buy instead
Im so excited for this game omg
I watched 2mins and thought to myself no I'm not gonna watch it.... I'll wait till I'm playing the game and thing of things that are either missing or improved on and then rewatch this video
Man do I want a ps5
heh heh, spiderman 2018 was already a game that made me hard.  this one will surely make my web blast just from playing it!
Is this video necessary? Everyone should definitely buy this game
usually in a game i like to use one character only because i could feel more attached to them this will be interesting thought and I'm excited.
Can't wait for 2 more yrs to play it on pc for same price 😂
The first thing I'm going to do is go to Coney Island. Spiderman can ride a few rides.
4:07 Spider-Man 3 suit?!?!?
Appreciated the phrase "Their third Spider Man Game, Spider Man 2" Modern game naming conventions are something
Mary Jane SECTIONS? PLURAL!?
Spider man is an ass game
Imagine being on Xbox 😂
😂 it's almost like everybody I watch play this game doesn't realize you can web people up when they're laying on the ground or near walls and still thinks you have to knock them out or execute them.
I just need to know whether or not I need to play as Mary Jane in the story.
So are you required to play as both Spidermen
Will have to wait until after ff7 rebirth to get this.
Digital Deluxe Edition question. My son and I are sharing one ps5. I bought the collectors edition. I want to install the game on my account since it was the primary, but i want him to have the bonus suits. Can we do that? Or do I need to install the game in his account? Thanks!
Mann. I got mine pre ordered digitally. I don’t work Friday so midnight it’s over! I’m staying up all night 😂
Jake Baldino has the weakest immune system. Every video, sorry if I sound under the weather…..
Yezzur!
Seems like ill definitely be checking it out soon enough. Sorry to hear you're under the weather Jake. Rest up!
We watching this like we aren’t going to buy it💀
Literally watching this after i pre ordered it 😭😂 I’m still excited ‼️
Spiderman 2 The Best  Superhéroe game so batman you can rest now.
SANDMAN IS IN THE GAME?!?!?!
Bruh it would have been greater if it this game is a coop where you can play online or LAN  Like making your friend or sibling play as player 2
After you buy💀
The AMOUNT OF HYPE I HAVE FOR THIS GAME IS UNLIKE ANYTHING I'VE EVER HAD IN AWHILE!!!!!!♥️♥️♥️🔥🔥🔥
oh yes, PARARARARARAAAAAAA
Imagine not having to pay for a game
i'll be getting the rust off. its been some time since i last played the spidderman games
hope the PC port is well optimized
They need to add Jersey !!
Ign review... cool.... better keep scrolling til *ahhh HERE WE GO, BEFORE YOU BUY FTW*
Ugh this video made me even worse excited. Great job as always
This is why I love this channel, you talk like if im talking with my friends about stuff, like always, excellent objetive point of view
I'm really excited for Spider-Man 2 and can't wait to play it! I don't know how I'll do it, but I'm really going to try and wait for the game to go on sale to avoid the $70 price tag. I love the expanded map, with Queens, Brooklyn, and Manhattan, which is giving me so many Ultimate Spider-Man on the PS2 vibes!
Game isn't released yet, "youtubers" already rushed the review on it... This prevents people from experiencing games for the 1st time, I find this very unhealthy
I’m working on the platinum for miles and I thought to myself that I’m probably going to platinum spider man 2 like 50 times
4:00 I’ll take the staff job, double the money.
3:37 I see Amazing Spider-Man 2 suit
“No spoilers” shows craven at the beginning and talks about venom lol
BEFORE YOU BUY.....BUY
How many people even have ps5 ?
I'm swinging.... im gonna mess around the world alot
Ready to get another platinum like  on other 2 games. I kinda hope this has more challenge to it than first main game as that wasn’t that hard even on ultimate difficulty.
Just came to see if Spiderman 2 is better then ultimate Spider-Man venom.Prob not
To bad I don’t have enough to get this 😒
First thing I'm doing is checking out the sailboat NPCs lol
I really wanted to get the game for the last few months the tipping point for me was seeing simbiote suit options I saw at least 2
already bought it cant convince me twice
I hope they live up to spiderman 2 on ps2
I just want the JJJ podcast not Danika
There’s no Before You Buy when it comes to Spider-Man 2…it’s Just Buy
Too late my 2yr old preordered it for me yesterday while I was at work
bought it the DAY you could pre order it 😏
Can’t wait for more Batman Arkham combat
Who else Who else Platinumed both Spider-Man games?
I got both platinum’s on the 2 other games time to complete the trilogy
The more i see about this game, the more underwear i soil.
Thanks for the video
I bought the special edition ps5 just for this game it’s gonna be so good definitely game of the year  Edit: forgot about tears of the kingdom so second game of the year
If they released the last games on PC why not just release Spider-Man 2 on PC as well
this video aint necessary! we all buying😈
making marry jane ugly was the wind in my sails.  it's a pirates  life for me.  same with dead space remake, mortal kombat and any game that decides to go that rout.  saints row failed for a reason.
a little late for this, pre ordered like a month ago 😭
The Mary Jane levels completely ruin the game. Let’s take an hour break from being a badass superhero to tiptoe around a museum as some dumb damsel. Awful.
Yuo*
Looks fun, graphics got better, enemy variation, and both Spider-Men look great
CAN ANYONE TELL ME IF VENOM IS PLAYABLE PLEASE JUST YES OR NO
Only thing keeping me from this is no ps5. But hopefully it comes to pc soon
I still notice that Spider-Man attaches his webs straight above him and not to the next building in front of him.... That is why  momentum doesn't feel as good as it did back in Spider-Man 2
I'm just gonna wait a few years for the PC version xd
He didn’t say there was a lack of black suit Pete. And that worried me. Hope we get to play with it a while
This game just hits me as "been there, done that". I did enjoy Spiderman, platinumed it, it was a blast swinging around the city, never once fast traveled except for the trophy lol. But i felt content when I was done. I didnt get Miles Morales and even since this was announced, all the gameplay, marketing and hype, I just wasnt feeling it, (funny he mentioned GoWR quickly, and i feel the same for that game. I did start playing it recently though since it came with the PS5, but not nearly as hooked as I was with the "first one".) As for Spiderman 2, my son is really interested so we'll likely end up getting it and I'm sure i'll play it eventually.
Too late
Does it have the TASM 2 suit?
Ultimate difficulty is unlockable? You can’t just hop in with your preferred difficulty?
I can already see Jonah complaining about yanking down that water tower...
dude was faded while mid air 1:40
What I truly loved about this video is that (we all know how this goes by now) Jake gave us all some pros, some cons and some personal opinions.
haven't watched the video yet just saying too late already pre ordered i pre ordered straight away
WHY THE FUCK DO YOU GET IT EARLY? WHY CANT I!!!!!!!!!!
"Insomniac is back with their third Spiderman game, Spiderman 2". Ngl, I laughed at that sentence.
Legit superman 64 flashbacks lmao
Welcome back to another episode of before you buy, right after I buy it.
I love how ugly they have made Mary Jane. The jaw line could have been even wider and manlier to lay emphasis on her carnivore diet and being equal with her mates in the Viking warriors clan.
I agree with you on the glide. Web swinging is a restriction on freely flying that makes it more fun. Adding flying to the web swinging, imo, undermines it. But hey i just wont use it i guess
WHY are they bringing MJ back... WHY. I promise you NO ONE on the earth is playing a spiderman game and thinking "you know what would be fun?... Sneaking around as MJ so I can take a break from webs swinging and beating up criminals."
I just really don't like the faces, especially Peter's face model. The MJ missions are also annoying but those are just things that annoy and will always annoy me. Everything else looks so good.
They better not have the Mary j Watson  missions cuz those are a pain in the butt
Although PlayStation has the worst exclusives known to man, I’m a little upset I can’t play it on Xbox
I just went back and played spider man 1 and the miles Morales all the way through again. I'm too excited for spider man 2
Before you buy... Take your card out, then phucking buy it!!!!
Did he just spoil Harry Osborn is a villain by saying everything was fine until he came to town
Also doesn't spider man one and mile morales have parry, and it's call spidy sense, that why he could parry. Dur
You lost me at Mary Jane section. Still going to play the game of course but that alone gets a huge eye roll from me
Why is April, not April in tmnt? New universe?
I thought there could only be one spider man in one universe?
God Loves you, repent and follow Jesus Christ❤️🙏🏾✝️
Looks like the first game to me  Has the combat even changed? I was so bored of it at the end of Spiderman 1
How come it's always Jake Baldino when hes not feeling well or when it is a late review. Poor Jake, the Gameranx fall guy.
Already got the collectors edition 🤭
Definitely making me regret selling my ps5
Who still has a PS4 but is a Spider-Man Fan?!
First thing I want to do is swing around the city, climb the tallest tower, and take in the sites. Can't wait to be back into another Spiderman game!
I was hoping you can do more stuff like go on dates or activities other than hero work. The only nitpick I have with Spider-Man games is all this open world, and buildings; and we can’t go inside at least 50 to 60 percent of them… lol.. or all of them for that matter. But insomniac is pretty solid Spider-Man, can’t wait to play this.
Ehhh shiit i hope it plays an feels better then it looks. Im not liking the menu or the hud in game.
Ratchet and clank was my game of the year for the ps5
I hope this comes to PC soon.  I don’t think I want to buy a PS5 just for this.  Regardless I’m glad this game turned out good.  It’s nice to see dev teams who can seemingly deliver on what they say for once.    Also I’m real happy that both versions of the Rami suit are in this from the get go.
Replayed the 2018 Spidy before doing Miles Morales, and I just finished Ratchet & Clank Rift Apart after doing the 2016 Ratchet & Clank. Now I’m just waiting for Friday 🕷🕸2️⃣
I Uninstalled Spider Man on the second Mary Jane section. Sucks to hear those are back..
Is it just me or is the 2018 hud better than the new one
please do a before you buy for ninja storm connections
among a lot of other things why i hate russia is that due to blackouts coming there is no reason for me to buy a ps5 to play this, aprox till spring, at least. fuck.
dude why you show venom? you said TRY to be spoiler free, one obvious is NOT showing Venom game play....
Abubakar
Hopefully it sets up nicely for another sequel as well! Cant wait to get my hands on it and play. I loved the first 2.
TASM 2 SUIT???!???!?!??
Tobey Maguire venom suit from start to finish.
Lol Mary Jane looks old lady lol
Same game slightly better graphics
Just preordered and here iam lol
Not gonna lie, I preordered it last night and this is my first Spider-Man game I’ve purchased. I just need a break from playing against sweaty kids on Call of Duty when I get off work. I’m stoked to play it.
I don’t even know why I’m watching this I’m gonna buy the game anyway
Such a missed opportunity not making this co-op
Well this isn’t spoiler free gameplay
I love that every single review I've seen of this game is essentially just trying (and struggling) to find negatives about the game, like over explaining nitpicks.
WHAT THE HELL U MEAN BEFORE YOU BUY?????? ITS SPIDERMAN 2 MAN.......man
Once you played one youve played them all ,
I am just glad they have the symbiote suit from Spider-Man 3
Before you buy: buy
I will be play this so many times! For me it will be GOTY! Can’t wait Friday!
That sandman scene looks so awsome
I'll be honest Jake - I knew I was gonna get this game, and I knew what to expect. I just came to this video cuz it's just nice to hear you give your thoughts. Always appreciate these and the rest of Gameranx's vids.
Before you Buy: Just Buy It
Before you buy... too late, I pre order this last month.
Me watching even thou i have a ps4
yeah the flying trough rings gave me superman 64 flashbacks
There is no better way to traverse a video game world. Insomniac crushed it
1:22 my god they really did do MJ's character model dirty.   woof
should be covering elden ring
Can't wait !!
I ALREADY BOUGHT IT HEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHHEHEHEHEHEHEGEGRGEGRGDGHSHSYCUWBSKOAMZBWKQ
Already paid preorder 🎉
I have a question being how do you get finishers because it's been combo and focus meter?
To many spoilers
B4 u buy… what r u waiting for, go buy it
Fam u spoiled the sandman I didn't kno he was in the game🤦🏿‍♂️
this is my favorite review that I've seen. Your passion for the character is so clear
"Before You Buy" ? Nah too late
Bro said it was spoiler free and proceeded to show sandman, a mf not yet seen in trailers.. then again I haven’t watched a single trailer since the first one as to not spoiler so that’s prolly a skill issue on my part
Does screwball return?
Can I play this if I didn’t play the other games?
Is there a Spider-kiss ability?
Me who pre order the game: Lets watch a before you buy from a game I already bought  jajajaa
Do they have the exaggerated swagger of a black teen
cant wait for Sam Raimi Black Suit spiderman
I CAN'T WAIT
you already know i’m finding the tallest building, turning on fall damage, and taking that leap of faith day 1
I'm not into spiderman or any superheroes really, but these games are just amazing regardless of the franchise. I had immense amounts of fun with both 2018 and MM. The map is not too big to get boring and overwhelming, the story not too long to get dull or repetitive, the travel is addictively great and the combat is snappy and always looks amazing. I'm excited for this one too, but I ám waiting for the first price drop as there's just too many great games dropping around this time and I'm not even close to finishing the last few.
Honestly, why even make a "Before you Buy" for Spider-Man, Insomniac does not disappoint.
I just want the Ghost Busters Fire House to be there in the City😊.
Friday can't get here fast enough!!!
Really hoping Taskmaster shows up.
Dont need to watch the video. Before you buy - play spiderman ps4/remastered  - play miles morales - pre-order and pre download spiderman 2 Simple!
this game will flop easily
I like Spider-Man and I love Insomniac but this one looks like a bit of a rehash. It's crazy that the PS5 now has 3 Spider-Man games in less than 3 years on the market (and you couldn't even buy one for the first 2).
1:36 kinda weird saying that 🧐, it's obvious it's only available on ps5
Well…. I literally have never received a platinum trophy… like it is legit hard to earn a platinum… you have to have real intent and must be persistent.  You don’t just happen across a platinum trophy
Why would I spend my hard earned money on this when I can spend it on pre ordering Jada Pinkett Smith’s new memoir?
Who cares about platinums?
Feel better, Jake! Great review, as always!
symbiote spider-man has always been my favorite version of him and maybe my favorite character arc of any superhero. i’m so excited to see it in a modern title, i haven’t had the chance to really play as symbiote spidey since ultimate spider-man on ps2!!
Shouldn’t be a before you buy for this ,everyone buying
Too late I bought it
I’m big on suits so I’m probably going to check out the digital deluxe ones in game and then I’ll probably just savor the game, I want to try and get everything out of it before finishing it.
It seems this game improved on many aspects of the first game like bosses, qtes, enemy variety, combat and gadgets, web slinging and traversal, graphics and animations but failed to improve on the open world design. The repetitive structure of the side quests and infinite grinding is still in this game like the first one. That was my only grip with the first game as well. Still not every game can reinvent the wheel on the open world design. There are only a couple of games who managed to do this like Elden Ring, Zelda and Red Dead Redemption 2. These games established a new way to approach open world design without the need of a bloated repetitive structure just to add more content in the game, like 95% of open world games. Despite all that I strongly believe this is worthy of a game of the year nomination bare minimum. It's a well polished and improved sequel. Top 4 games of 2023 easily along with Zelda, Baldur's Gate 3 and RE4 Remake
Wait, symbiote Spider-Man is supposed to make his own webs, but in one of the scenes, his web shooter gets broken. If they do it so it gets broken and the symbiote adapts, that would be very very cool.
Wow I was on the fence about buying this game. After buying the first and second games and playing them on my ps5 I was skeptical about SM2. This was a very reassuring video and the game looks fricken gorgeous.
I had to get rid of my last PS5 but I made sure to grab another one finally over the weekend so I can be prepared for this
I already preordered it haha but I love gameranx and so gonna support 🙌
Just got done replaying Spider-Man and Miles. Super stoked for this one and now my 5 year old likes to jump in and play. Especially with the accessibility options.
Not of fan of the mj scenes coming back, but the game still finna be a banger
What if I already brought it?
Thanks for this. Just cancelled my preorder
But does it make you feel like Spider-Man?
Me watching “before you buy” as I have the collectors edition on the way
I'm seriously excited for the wingsuit. It looks so Fast I bet it feels insane.
I can't wait to see that last scene with the servers running into each other WHAT WAS THAT?? LOL
Too late! Already bought it! 😂
I'm expecting Kraven to be venom. Anything else is irrelevant. Lmao I just hope I'm right.😊
I really love the new vibe of this game. While the first one and miles were great I am way more hyped for this than I was for them.
waiting for the PC version.......................................................................
Insomniac has never missed on a game, just waiting for Sunset Overdrive 2
yall should change the title for this game specifically they deserve it fr fr it should be when you buy not before you buy
I’m so hyped for this game. I never prebpreer games because I don’t really care about pre order bonuses and I know games usually get overhyped as the next best game ever so I like to at least wait a day or two to see if it’s lives up to hype.  But I pre orders this game immediately 😅! I justified it by telling myself I don’t see how it can be worse than the original. Because at least the web swinging will be good. Since they nailed it the first game and even improved on it in the spin off game so I’m glad to see that get some more improvement in this sequel.  So I told myself as long they nail the swinging. Make the combat feel a little fresher and have a semi decent story with at least one or two exiting moments then it will be worth it.  So I’m so happy to hear that the story is actually better in some ways in terms of scale and that where it lacks in the amount of emotional moments from the original game, it isn’t severely lacking. So thx for this review and I can’t wait for this game to drop this Friday.
I have no interest in a game where they randomly decide to force a diversity black guy in as the main character.   That's the main thing that's changed in these games all these years, token black as player 1 all of a sudden, can't respect that at all. I'll stick to Rise of the Ronin, & other playstation 1st party greatness.
Aww, man... secret photo collectables, I hate that! Can't they just put these minor details without asking us to look for it?
I actually Platinumed the first Spider-Man from them, but not Miles Morales, I may try to platinum this one though  Personally the backpacks were a great collectable in the first one, and they all had pieces of lore that made me want to get them all
As soon as I get the game I’m open it and smell the game 😂
Me watching this after buying the deluxe digital edition lol
this looks awesome cant wait for it to come out on PC
mary jane looks like aunt may why tho!
too late
Now I believe they will do great for The wolverine game also ,I hope it comes fast.
They sold us the same game 5 times. We are not that reta****
The way they perfected so many traversal systems and made them fun I think they would be great doing a Superman game
Before you buy?  You’re too late, they already got my money 😂
I’m also a huge web swinging nerd and would boot up Spider-man 2 for a little swinging action from time to time. Spider-man for PS4 was my very first platinum! I cannot wait to play this game!
3:42 TASM 2 SUIT CONFIRMED
I already preorder this game. I'll play it before I'll watch this video lol.
I just want more Jonah Jameson podcast, they were so funny.
I’ll never understand how some companies put out buggy messes at launch and then Spider-Man drops, and is revolutionary and virtually flawless.
I love the last part u put in the video. Just waiters tumbling down 😂
3:40 TASM2 🥳
11:17 Thats a dude in a wig not Merry jane.
I always watch these before buying any new games, but this time I’ve already pre ordered the game lol. Actually the first game I’ve ever pre ordered. I’m really excited for friday.
Because I still haven’t gotten my PS5 yet I was thinking of just getting the other 2 games first and then jumping to this one but after seeing this review I think fuck it I’m jumping straight to this game when I can afford a PS5
Already tired of hearing about this game made by a communist developer. You have to be soulless to buy this crap.
Platinumed both 2018 and miles but both ps4 and ps5 Version now there’s one last trophie
This is the first before you buy where I already bought the game, can’t wait!
Me watching this the day after I pre ordered it
Who already has the game but still came to see this video 😂
"no spoilers in this video" (toby's black suit on screen)
are you fking kidding me? mary jane section?
Why THE FUCK would they bring back Mary Jane missions. No one liked them and the whole community didn’t want them in the second game and then they go in put a more generic version of them in the game liek wtf
Me
I’ve  been playing a lot of dying light 2 to get ready
As long as this game respects and treats Spider-Man fans I’m calling it a big W
Everyone l, even my mom. I got it by not even trying to get it. It’s was a given
Wait a sec. Now both of the SpiderMan DO this, deliberately, ugly chick or what?
I never got a PS4 and I told myself I'd wait until the PS5 was refreshed to get one. I am BEYOND excited to play all the games I've missed above all Spider-man!
you guys just spoiled harry vhaving venom with the tux clip LOOOOL
My body is ready! My collectors edition should arrive any day now!
I initially thought you guys got a new person, yep you sound different...feel better.
But is there the exaggerated swagger of a black teen? 🤔👀
Gonna be honest from what I’ve heard, if you’re into psychological shii the game will probably hit more on the emotional note.
11:35 this reminds me of in spiderman 90s when the symbiote could change his clothes
This just looks fun and that's what we need right now.
Is it backwards compatible for the ps4
I’m so excited for all things symbiote!
Well I already bought
Tis kewl u said ud avoid spoilers at the start then proceeded to show unannounced bosses which u didn’t have too 👎🏻
Ah yes... the long-awaited "After You Pre-Order" Spider-Man 2 video
insomniac would make a killer Batman Beyond Game
is this for pc on 20.10 aswell ?? or is it only consoles for now ?
2 complaints:  Miles Morales. Just get rid of him.   Mary Jane. The game is called Spider-Man, not Mary Jane. Why would we want to play as anyone other than THE TITULAR CHARACTER
I pray we don’t have to catch pigeons again or stupid backpacks
The only reviewers I care about. Not even to not buy the game. But you explain it the best.
Please tell me theres a symbiot suit for every normal suit…
Can't wait to play this on PC in full 4k with 120+ FPS and full ray tracing.
The Tasm2 suit looks so good holy shit
*Before tou buy it: JUST BUY IT* 😂
I really only like the movies with Toby , so I can’t get into the new games sadly .
Before you buy, fuck that line when its bout spiderman
this video should be titled. "After you buy"
I legit took off from work on friday 10/20.. lol I have been looking forward to this one for a looooong time.. I loved original spiderman and miles morales was great but not as long nor good as the original (but still very fun).. This one just seems so amazing.. I cannnot wait.
I see that sandman will be in the game 😎😎😎
Can we play as venom?
Just wishing that they release the PC version real quick this time
What about the subway, can you go underground?
I can tell by how vague he’s being that it’s some crazy stuff in this game. Super excited 😂
Too late, I already got this one
I'm not planning Day One, probably for a year, when it's fixed and the definitive edition is released, because I found the game, the first part, boring, that swaying around the city, and always the same and the same, boring repetition between short missions... In short, I'm not such a fan that  I buy for the full price something that I didn't even finish the first time for a long time, between other games to change a little ..
Sucker Punch and Insomniac, 2 of the rare companies where the hype is actually (largely) met and justified.
Jake ❤🎉
My gf is going to dump me on Friday 😅
There is no black spider man. Just like there isn’t a female Superman or a Mexican Snow White. It’s all pandering and you eat it up lol. So weak.
Will you be able to play as Venom?
I can’t wait to play this!!
Sooooo Everyone got to play spiderman 2 before the launch BUT preorder deluxe edition
game of the year ???
“Before you buy it, buy it.”  Original, I know. I just felt like saying it.
I have literally never been more excited for a game in my life. I won’t be able to play it because I don’t have a PS5 but my older brother does and I’m hoping he will let me. The thing I am most excited for is definitely the webslinging. Faster, stronger, more tricks, abilities, creative ways to get around, etc. It’s going to make it seem so much more like I’m actually Spider-Man and it’s going to be so freaking cool.
Estimated story length?
I just want to know if the train system is completely gone! As a new Yorker I really loved the train system and hoping on the 6 in marvels 125th and the animation in between the stops was dope
That thumbnail is amazing xD
I was hoping we would be able to switch back an forth with the symbiot suit like In Webb of shadows
Waiting for the PC port in absolute pain.
Is venom playable in MS2 ?
If I had one game wish, I’d wish that Insomniac made a “Superman” game.
Not having co op was definitely a low point imo.
7:02 soup tech? 😛🍜
ugh i want this game bad but i just can’t afford it
TASM2 SUIT🎉🎉🎉
I saw it after buy but its ok😂
Can anyone tell me if this before you buy episode has spoilers?
i can't wait for the pc port
I can’t really take any advice into this, cause…… I pre-ordered the digital deluxe edition lol
Did I just fookin saw the sandman damn
Yo Jake, I know you're tired and sick, but I have 1 question. Can you turn the hud off or treak it in anyway to make it more immersive
Traversal should always be a fun minigame in itself in an open world game. The batman arkham games nailed this too.
I still don‘t understand the 10$ (depending on the exchange rate) price difference between europe and north america. Excited for the game nevertheless.
the thumbnail should instead say 'hurry up and buy'
Nice, you managed to shoehorned in miles in the thumbnail, just like in the game lmao.
I played the other 2 in my pc i never finished the dlc for the first one as i got super bored and droped miles morales game like 1/3 of the way through. This one looks pretty solid
8:25 dude that is SICK
I already buy
I just wanted coop :*
Sucks that I hate Tom Holland as Spiderman. Wish they kept the old model.
The 1st 2 games were 9's....
I just wanna wear Jake’s sweaty jockstrap around my face 😩🤩
Insomniac just can't fail, can they?
Too late
Before you buy spider man 2: BUY IT
Great review as always. Sounds like the mini-games and collectibles have not been that frustrating for Jake. Other reviews I read all say they are blah and that the open world doesn't have meaningful activities to do. Honestly, I got sick of side activities halfway through the first Spiderman game and was hoping they would dial it down a bit. Good to know that at least you can complete these in a shorter time; like the car chase example in the video.
Bruh... MJ looks like a divorced middle-aged alcoholic woman, what have they done!?
Disappointed that we have to deal with "mary jane" again... but the first game got everything else right
Me, watching this before you buy video after I've already pre-ordered the deluxe version.
SPOILER ALERT?                                                                11:28 Does Harry know Pete's Spider-man?
“Spider-Man 2 : You’ve Preordered, But Feel Free to Watch This. “
Before i buy... well..  I Pre ordert that one 😢😅
I played the heck out of Spiderman ps4 and knew the combat like the back of my hand, decided a month ago to quickly play the main story and decided to try ultimate, glad to say it was like riding a bike and I breezed through ultimate difficulty. hoping that they parry means I get my ass whooped a bit more.
More like after I bought 😅
poor shit box scrubs on broke boy pass renting their so called game of the century wish they would know what loading up really fast was.. lolol
I love how the web wings turn you into Rico Rodriguez from Just Cause 😂
Just from terms of a realistic, physics based, momentum system being introduced that looks as good as it does, makes me excited to play this. The other 2 games were great, and i expect this one to just be on par story wise, combat wise, gameplay wise. I really didn't have much to complain about with the first 2, and if this ones just a huge upgrade, i cant imagine overly new or big complaints coming.
6:30PM : *pre-ordered SM2* *watches before you buy 10 minutes later*
Lol we don't need to watch reviews for spider man 2. There is literally no other game like this. Buying is the only option
Too many spiders. 2/10 - iGN
More like spider-man 2 after you buy 🥲
Too late to watch this video I’ve had that shit since it was available for preorder
Too late, already bought it.
I preordered 3 weeks ago anyways but always gotta watch these vids 😂
Dammit I can’t watch this lol too many cutscenes being shown and I’m only 2:23 in.
People saying "hur dur I sound different because I'm sick" while not sounding any different. Ruins the video every time.
Waiting for the day insomniac will make a gender neutral spider-person game!
I’ve seen a lot of people talking about wanting things to be different or not too happy about things being the same, but I’m here for it. Give me something that feels the same with a different story and characters and I’m good!   I wish it were multiplayer or hopefully that’s an update we can get.
already bought it and i have no regrets, even though $100 is pretty much for a game.
Already bought but I’ll watch :)
Loved the first one but this and miles Morales have more or less just been expansions in my eyes
Before you buy...  Too late!
I hope the pc port is on way next few years
Only complaint i have is ...Mary Janes's FACE! looks like she is sick or something..or i dont know..they could have made her prettier....and in some cases she looks prettier ..but overall....i dont know. When they changed Pete..they should have changed her model also 😕
special for ps5 damm sony , my scar 17 4080 crying in the corner
The hell is up with those birds
Honestly if thet just added an actual counter button, i wouldn't be mad. It's totally fine without it but i wouldn't be mad 🤷🏿‍♂️
Can anyone confirm whether Screwball is in this game? Lol
This game perfect but i just don't dig the mj new face design
Honestly I played through both spiderman remastered and miles morales at least three times each. And I still didn't get sick of webswinging but most of those playthroughs were on new game plus
These last 65 hours and 55 minutes are going by EXCRUCIATINGLY slow
Already bought but im here to just give views for the goat
THANK GOD you can disable all of those visual aids (wind tunnels and such)
This looks like the same game. Yawn.
So... basically SpiderMan2 is like Zelda TotK. Same base world map just bigger with the same gameplay
Buy
Remake this video immediately, as a diehard spiderman fan I am so disappointed right now. Not even past the intro and I see flint marko. Thanks for spoiling probably the only other big character reveal. And don’t say “oh you shouldn’t have clicked on the video then” gameranx usually has enough class to catch major spoilers like these but ig they don’t care about spiderman asm
Did they seriously double down on the MJ sections?!? Absolute savages! lol
not mj ughhh
Why is this video out lmao it’s just gigantic spoilers
To late for a before you buy for me i allready have the PS5 spiderman 2 edition
wdym before you buy i have already preordered digital edition with dlc . this is must buy
The Batman Arkham games are better
Meh. Looks like an ubisoft formula
How can a regular thug survive having a water tank dumped on his head?😄
cant wait to get my hands on this thing
Can I skip miles morales mission
Thank you guys so much for all you do for us gamers. Totally stoked to play this, have been since I beat the first one. Friday is going to be a good day. Cheers 🍻
What Rockstar did 10 years ago Insomniac still can't do it. The seamless switch from one character to other. They're doing fade out to switch.
Tell me the truth, how does it feel like having to review some thing that there’s guidelines to you and you have to follow orders or else you get in trouble and you get shut down in fired or sued? Does it feel like a simulator of Nazi Germany or some thing? Like wow I can just say what I want. I have to follow the strict guidelines. It must feel kind of a weird no?
Before you buy for HELLBOY ?
The only thing that really does disappoint is the lack of being able to play coop and swing around with your bro... 😞
Ive loved spooder man games since eel nats was a cheat code
I’ve been saying it they need to ditch the basic spider man game idea and change up the game I think they should make a spiderverse where you can play online with other spiders and there own custom skins sounds complex but bad ass
It’s too late, I already bought on the preordering day… and I don’t regret it! Game looks awesome
Insomniac's Wolverine game is going to be...........I don't even have words..........
I have to admit, when I get to a Mary Jane part in the first game. I stopped playing and never continued it
Nah this footage has a lot of spoilers
The most unnecessary before you buy for me as I pre ordered even sooner than I did FF16 but a gameranx video is still worth a watch every time
Who else already bought the game and watching this video anyway.
I wonder if lowering the swing assist will enable more advanced swinging mechanics as you'll have more control?!
Anyone else wonder if you can do the bully maguire dance?
9:09 Superman 64 anyone? 😅
goty. ez.
how long is it?
No one is more fitting to give this review than Jake
Too late. Pre ordered
PC release date ?
I look forward to fully upgrading all the skill trees.
Marvel Spiderman 2018 was the first game I actually cared about, Platinum, and one of the few. I will definitely do everything this game offers cant wait.
I hope venom dunks on spidey
Tasm 2 suit is sick 🔥
Reminds me of OG Prototype 🎉
I'm having trouble finding it on the Xbox store, where would it be located?
Cant wait to play this on PC
Main thing I'm expecting is having to wait a long time for it to come to pc 😭
love this account, i always watch you guys whenever a new game is about to come out for they're review on it. Always honest and never skips all the important parts on the game.
I have played both Spider Man and Miles Morales... Both are 10/10. I have no reason not to believe that Spider Man 2 will not be another 10/10.
I was excited for this until my ps5 broke and Sony want to charge me 240 quid to give me a refurb with 12 weeks warranty. Gross. So won’t be playing Spider-Man 2 anytime and it’s literally the only reason I stayed on ps. Bs
I really hope they follow up the tombstone side quest storyline, he was out of the way in the first game but his story imo had some really compelling stuff going. We left our battle with him on a cliffhanger and him becoming more vulnerable and I’d like to see how he would deal with us after that and if his combat or tech would evolve because of it.
Seems a dlc for me,nothing new just a graphics upgrade
I just want an actual good damaged suit
Does this game really need a "before you buy"?
2 broke for ps5
Bought a ps4 pro just to play the first one and I got the Spiderman 2 ps5 bundle just for this one. Goty can’t wait
yall spoiled sandman
It’s already been purchased but love your vids so here I am 😂
Warning: there's a villain spoiler at 5:12 might wanna skip ahead.
Big love guys❤❤❤❤
is it just me or does falcon make a good spider man voice impression? cuz whenever he jokingly quotes a spider man line, it actually sounds like pete
Black lives matter. What about brown lives ?
so excited for this game i love spiderman so much 🦔❄
Watching a before you buy  Mean while :  $-256 in my bank account after ordering the collectors edition 2 months ago
Please tell me Howard’s pigeons are okay
Okay no more reviews, I need to keep things fresh as possible; it’s only a few days left 😁
We want spoilers
I think to save themselves… this should be on ps+
Shame its not on PC. Guess I'll just watch a playthrough. Im buying a HIDEOUS ps5 just for this game.
Would me purchasing Spider-Man 2 ps4 and playing it on my ps5 be the same as me buying the ps5 game
Only watching this video because it's tradition when buying a new game, but I will buy this game no matter what. In fact, I already did. 2 days ago.
Wait what can i play it now?
‘Before you buy’, just buy it goddammit
Too late already bought it
this is the only before you buy i don't need to watch to make my decision... i'm still going to watch... but not to make my decision
New York still have a massive carjacking problem I see
well it came with my ps5 so... its bought.
I was a minute into this video and I’m sorry Jake, this is way too spoilery of footage. Will come back after I finish the game. Should put a spoiler warning in the description or title.
That last clip😂. I saw so many references in this video. I swear as soon as im able, im getting a ps5 and that game.
This feels underwhelming. A 15-18hr main quest and only 30hr to platinum the whole game is very short for a $70 game, and the open world stuff, clearing areas of bad guys and side quests are the typical grindy and monotonous open world stuff. Disappointing that they didn’t take it to a higher level or integrate it in some way, these are such old mechanics now that’s been done better in dozens of other open world games. This feels more like Spider-Man 1.5 than 2 despite the beautiful action set pieces.
hi when you do alan wake 2 ?
if its anything like the first (meaning FULL of dragged out filler content) i might pass this one,  just sick and tired of bloated open world games
hearing you gush about this gets me even more excited, i love spiderman games, i loved the one that came out a few years ago, bought it on ps4 and pc, bought miles morales on pc, definite preorder, cant wait to play it
How would you describe it when Miles jumps off a building?
I mean, I've already spent about $500 on Spider-Man 2 and related stuff... It's a little late for "before you buy" for me.
New game plus mode?
Think you should've made a video 'Before you preorder' lol 😂
…will this game be the reason I get the Slim version PS5 this holiday season? it just may.  I am not a fanboy from one console compared to the other.  I decided to get the XBox Series X because as an avid “Gears of War” fan it made more sense…and yes unlike most gamers I actually LOVE “Starfield”.   I am replaying “the Last of Us 2” on the my PS4 Pro and it still looks beautiful…on the PS5 I can only imagine how much better it looks at 60fps.   “God of War: Ragnarok”…”the Last of Us Remake”…and now “Spider-Man 2”…my decision to purchase the upcoming PS5 Slim is very close.  …also nice now having more storage added to the slim version PS5…I will be making my decision very quick once the slim PS5 is up for sale as I am sure they will sell out fast.
Already booked the afternoon of work so I can play this. Just hoping it's arrived in time for when I get home 😂
When do you guys think we’ll get a PC release? 😅
Can’t wait.
There was sandman?😮😮
A before you buy before ive bought it this is great im so excited to play as the spider-men again
I watch this while knowing full well I preordered it
for the game being on next gen only i am surprised to see so many of the same animations. i know its how consoles work in time but i cant help but wonder why this couldn't be on ps4 as well. it just seems like an exploit to get people to pay over £500 to continue a story they were enjoying
Did you mean  Spider man 2 - After you pre ordered ;)
now its the Ps boys have some fun ,,,, go my son in a year me and my beast will play it and take over again.
Question? Can you use one character for the majority of the game?
How will the release be like? Are we gonna follow a standard specific time or regional time? Cos I really wanna start downloading when the clock hits 12 on the 20th.
do you have to use the mechanical arms? I really hate those things, I just hope its optional.
bonus po only early unlock?
If Miles could just stop existing, that’d be great
So any hints at maybe being able to play as venom!?
DID I JUST THE THE AMAZING SPIDER-MAN 2 SUIT AT 3:35? FINALLY. 🔥🔥🔥  What a love letter to Spider-Man these game are 🥰🥰 They are just MASTERPIECES of Spider-Man media 🥰 ❤️🖤
hope it has a time option that you can cycle. night/day etc.
Man i just want to know if Venom is playable, thats all i care about.
No joke,  working on a Spiderman Themed skin for my Vtuber avatar which will hopefully have both spidermen and venom incorporated. Thanks for the awesome insight
yall screaming over spiderman yet its literally a copy and paste of batman arkham knight but replace everything batman with spiderman. i dont understand the hype
I'm just saying that spider man 2 should have been a 2 player game off online or online and a lot of people would agree with this
First Spider-Man was so good this one looks even better
Damn I really thought they have learned there lesson with the Mary Jane mission....
Will have to wait till it gets released on pc....maybe if it gets released on pc😂😂😂😂.. till then chao to spidey duo
Pretty much everything sounds like an improvement until I hear "Mary Jane sections". Ugh.
Did I just see black suit rami and TASM 2 suit?!??!??
Cant wait to play this when it comes on steam
From what I’m seeing the reviews, it has everything I want for the sequel.  The crimes, collecting, combat, everything I expect and want from the sequel is here.  I’m glad stealth sequences are back too.
I really really reaaally want Insomniac to make a Hulk Ultimate destruction!!
3:28 is that the amazing spider man 2 suit that I just saw there? :0
Did I see the Raimi Black Suit in this video?
“Before you buy” I already bought it cause 2018 and miles morales never fumbled
What I learned: I should get a ps5 and start playing spiderman, but I'm not sure which game to start with?
When will this come to PC?
Can we appreciate they game Miles some Jordan 1s 🔥🔥🔥
I have a PC, no PS5 I want a PS5 for this game. 😬
Web wings Ever since I saw them, my hype for the game has never been higher! I'm going to abuse the shit out of them to get around!
12:47 there's something wrong with this scene with Peter's arms
So excited 🎉
I'm just curious to see where all these inept waiters are, because bruh ain't no way that loony toons nonsense just happened
When I get a ps5 I'm getting this game.   I loved playing miles Morales Spiderman on the steam deck.
Is there a traditional Chinese subtitle when playing this game in Sydney
I'm just distracted by all the Spider Suits...I'll have to rewatch your video Jake.
too late i already got the game in july
Would be awesome if it had a 2 player online/couch co-op mode! 🕷🕷
Other channels dropped their before you buy/reviews first but I ALWAYS come to gameranx to hear that real and honest POV.
No pc😢
Dude it legit upsets me that people got their hands on it before launch. Not reviewers but I saw at least 3 people streaming the game today when it’s not out for everyone yet. A little scummy to be streaming it before it releases
Always watching Before you buy "after i buy"😅
Love his reviews cant wait to play this
Not a fan of miles, he seems like he will defend Blm.
I connect with Gameranx reviews more than IGN mainly coz of one person review- Jake . And he speaks on personal level without any score.. it's like hearing about the game from a friend.. i only see IGNs video end gamescore.. just to see how bizaarrly it's rated
Sounds like a great sequel if not a perfect one.      I was hoping for an overhauled open world design. But if the side quests are better and same old stuff is streamlined I'll be happy enough with it.       I'm surprised they brought back the MJ missions. Personally I didn't mind them on my first playthrough. But on subsequent playthroughs I did dislike them for hurting the pacing. And now they might be worse in the sequel? Oh well.             Also less emotion? That's fine, I guess. As long as it's a good enough story and action to overcome it.      Looking forward to it.
One of the few titles that should be, "Before you should buy."
Is the parkour improved at all? The transitions from swinging to running and jumping around on building tops?
I honestly didn’t mind the MJ events either 🤷‍♂️
Got platinum of the ps4 and ps5 version of the first game, and I got platinum of miles morales. This game will be no exception
TASM 2 SUIT….. thank you Insomniac
Into the spider-verse game please
can u rate by number at the end?
Rip face
I just hope Miles isn't such a whiny little girl in this game. His whiny voice drove me nuts in the last game. I don't know if it's the voice actor or the writing but I had a hard time liking his character. I loved the game but couldn't stand him whining so much all the time
Already pre-ordered months ago, I wil Enjoy this most deff
With Venom and Mr. Negative in this game, and Harry's deal being to "heal the world", I have a very, very small part of me pullimg for Anti-Venom to appear.
And we’re back with another after you buy
Sorry buddy this one I'm buying no second thoughts have a great day
when MJ looks more Black Widow that Square's Black Widow. Superb Game! Not because I'm a big Spidey fan, but they tackled everything in this sequel. Both Pete and Mile's are wonderfully created in this game.
Can't wait to platinum this
Was that the amazing Spider-Man 2 suit? 3:40
I guess there is no playable venom
damn.. time to get a ps5
“As spoiler free as I could possibly make it”  *first sighting of Flint Marko and Spider-Man 3 Symbiote Suit*
You should do an expo'se on how trash the crawling mechanics are? That nobody seems to make mention of?  Try missions crawling only!? ..no webzip.  Then theres the god awful stealth sections 😢  I want to see you get your objectives done by crawling to them and record the results??? 2:22  ....not webzip, crawling!
Yo wtf Jakie you didn’t say that the pizza’s on you this time! You tellin me I gotta pay for my own pizza now?! Fugget about it!
Ah MJ sections back? Will not be buying. Killed the first game stone dead for me
As an Xbox owner, I'm dying inside.
seeing the spiderman 3 black suite is awesome im wearing that shit the whole game lol
Can please someone answer me back is Venom playable or not? How many playable characters do we have in this game?
The  first thing I am going to do is look for Avengers tower
The review we been waiting for.
This game looks like it could run on a ps4 just saying. Sony locking it to ps5 just to push console sales is ridiculous. Anyway I’ll rather play it on PC and get some mods installed.
5:12 was that fcking Sandman?!?!
sounds like I need to quit raging on Starfield and maybe try this.
Looks like a solid 70 dollar DLC.....
I seriously want Spider-ham!!!!
Parry in spooderman is extremely necessary!
Be greater together
How do the crimes work 5? of each in each district?
that wind tunnel is a cool concept! the ways of traversal has become extensive -- love it!
I disliked the Mary Jane parts
This is great! It seems after Avengers, Marvel's gameing division seems to have gotten the memo.  I sincerely hope that Guardians of Galaxy gets a sequel, that is a tremendously underrated and underpraised game.
the ways of traversal has become extensive -- love it!
that wind tunnel is a cool concept!
You guys usually don’t release a before you buy till after the game comes out but this one came out before on accident?
I have never taken a day off of work for a video game before. But booked Friday and Saturday off as vacation days just for Spider-Man
Too late already pre ordered
4:47 that's some great attention to details -- the slime mark left by his hand
I want Grind Session remake or HD whatever anyone that can make this game over
can't wait for this to come to PC!
When it comes to Spider-Man. There is absolutely no reason not to buy. Even if you hate Spider-Man as a character....The game will still be worth it.
Bro, Venom. Enough said.
Looks nice. Waiting for sale
Spider man miles Morales is just extended dlc
I just wish you could switch 2 the symbiote suite in real time that would of been really cool
Some of the sections you showed have a very strong resemblance to the amazing spiderman 2 game
Me watching this even though I pre ordered little over a month ago: interesting☕️
Too late this video haha 🖕
Spiderman 3 let's hope.for some Spider Qwen 🕷
pc players: before you buy a ps5 lmao i might have to get one for this and ragnakok
This is a after you buy and you still watch.
anyone else notice the asm 2 suit at 3:40? just me?
Oh great more mj missions time to go blow out the brains those sections absolutely terrible
Zip up their shit when your done
IGN: But does it make you feel like spider-man??
Wish they called it Spider-Men
So disappointed about Combat
Really Unhappy about combat being the same
andrew garfield swing??!! omg 9:26
As much as I love the Spiderman games, they had some frustrating flaws a lot of which have been mentioned by other reviews for this game. The overall story being childish and at times cringy was never called out in the previous games which was shocking to me. Crimes happened everywhere WAY too often with the same damn enemies and a lot of the side missions and activities were also repetitive and kinda dumb. And lastly the open world structure was basic and lacking in innovation. I REALLY hoped Insomniac would vastly improve on these weaknesses and it's pretty disappointing that they didn't.   Despite the negatives, Insomniac's Spiderman games had undeniably strong core gameplay elements and technical polish which made overlooking those weaknesses possible. And I'm glad they were at least able to repeat that overall winning formula again. Stylishly swinging around that technically dazzling city alone seldom bored and I can't wait to hop back doing so in an enhanced version of it. But Insomniac can’t afford to stick to their safe formula next time.
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 suit omds finally!!!!!
too late already pre ordered
I can’t wait for Wolverine 🔥
I've been watching people play spidey on the PS4 and PS5 but somehow they never keep their momentum while swinging...just press R2 and release and press again when you feel the swing is coming to an end...most of them just press R2 and press X...but that's for gaining momentum, not keeping it.
My question is, how is stealth this time? I played Miles Morales first and I played it mainly stealthily, at least when I could. It was a blast. But I really did not like the combat in 2018 Spiderman because of the waves of ennemies: I could dispatch ennemies in the "first wave" but then other ennemies always came and stealth was automatically over.
I am getting Watch Dogs vibes when you are just walking around
I wanna get me a Xbox just so I can have game pass. But I may get a PS5 instead just for this game alone lol.  Btw Jake, I noticed you and falcon said Symbiote differently. You said it Sym-bee-ote, and he said Sym-bye-ote. How are you supposed to say it lol?!
@Gameranx Hey Jake hoping you can drop an answer or at least a hint for me? Because of the story Spidey gets the Symbiote, but I don't know if the story will also remove the symbiote or not? Regardless of the story, will I be able to use Symbiote powers the whole game and post game after I get them or do I lose them at some point and I should enjoy all side content I can while I still have them?
it says mine to available on the 19th i live in california am i able to play it wednesday night at 9:00
Holy fuck…I’m so hyped for this game
As always not needed 😂
The spiderman games are so amazing. Love it.
god what is this UI… approaching ubisoft levels of over cluttered UIs.
Who else didn’t get a platinum trophy on the other Spider-Man games ?
Miles’ special doesn’t just clear the screen, it clears the whole MAP. 😅
Can't wait for a PC release!
Game of the year, buy it
Talking about the shock value, it sure would've a hard time topping aunt may's final moments in the first part 😔
I love a well constructed video game world, albeit how short it is.   Quality over Quantity.
Nothing can stop me from buying this game but I’ll still watch
Was waiting all day for this vid game ranx!
What happened to MJ she looks like the guy from mask lol
And also miles has some J A Y S. 1 that's some Zaza that they got put on
YEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS!
Cant wait to air combo that big boy using Shield 😂
*Hyped to see more of New York!* I wonder if two players can play simultaneously (one playing Spider-man and the other playing Miles). Sad in advance for having to deal with MJ.
I'm gonna Swing around with "What's up Danger ?" Playing On FULL
oooh so its like ultimate spiderman on ps2 :0 game makes you do the side activities before you can progress thru the main story
You don't even need to talk about this game. before you buy you don't need to talk about this game at all all the bad part is it's complicating that's good a bigger map means bigger space like red dead In Assassin's Creed fella holla and as soon GTA VI. but overall there is nothing bad about this but I just want to watch something so I'm not judging this video. for real
1st off... YESSSSS!!!!!! 2nd... I'm gonna definitely see what these new areas feel like..  3rd I'm a huge Spider-Man fan ever since the fox kids cartoon and my fave arc was the Venom Arc so being able to see and experience a kind of retelling in Insomniacs version is gonna be extremely special to me. Insomniac gave us what it feels like  to have great power... So it's our responsibility to be open minded and see what's in store for our friendly neighborhood Spider-Men.
Man I'm just going to straight up take my time with this one and appreciate what they did with this beautiful game. We have come a long way in the gaming world that's fs and you can see the love they put in SM 1, Miles Moralas, and SM 2!!!
I did a really fun thing.  I bought a ps5 (my first Playstation) and I played spiderman and Miles morales and got about 90% done with both of them but then last cristmas I gave my ps5 to my bro in law because he really wanted one and I didn't know I needed to sync my saves😐 now I have to replay the whole game if I want to be caught up 😭
I can’t wait to play as black Spiderman.
I’ve heard a few reviews mention not to expect the game to hit as hard emotionally as the first or the spin-off. I think it was probably smart Insomniac didn’t try to force the story in that direction. On the one hand, I certainly have some expectations for a symbiote story to go pretty dark. On the other, if Insomniac were to force a story to go dark or meet some quota of story beats I could see the franchise becoming really cringe. I’d rather heavy emotional beats enter the stories organically so if this one has fewer, that’s ok, even if it’s not what I expected.
" Before you buy, let me tell you everything you already know about this game"
I don’t even know why ya made one for this game chief, I’m buying this hoe regardless
I really want them to make a spectacular suit or a 90s animated series suit
Me watching this even though i preordered 2 months ago
Why does MJ look like a man 💀
im not gonna watch the video cause il buyin it anyway
Spoilers or not... needs more Venom.
If only Gotham knight was like that
I can't wait man just because its going to look so Amazing man graphically this game is jaw dropping
Before? I bought it 100 days ago😅
Would be cool if  At the the ending of the game it somehow goes into wolverine story
Before we buy, before we can buy ❤
Not interested if the world is boring and side content is boring. Im good. I didnt rewlly like the first one that much.
That intro scene sold me I will be getting this game for sure. Also, that combat with the black suit at 5:50 the rage mode combat, that looks so good, I can see and tell that each blow actually feels super heavy and crisp.
Wouldn't spider-man test out new gear before he got into anything serious i definitely plan to test out those gliders im aslo going to do regular swinging but in the last game they were only a collectible now we get to use them
To be honest I kinda wanted it to be a optional two player game.
Can u play with venom free roam ?
Not gonna , this video made me slislightly less excited for the game. I'll still be playing day 1 and think it looks fun, but Jake seemed very meh on it
How long is the main story?
Just Cause ran so Spider-Man 2 could sprint
Whens the PC port. So stupid they are still staggering
Omg its happening....It's PRACTICALLY HERE!
I played spider man remastered on PC after waiting years for the port then immediately bought miles morales after when that was ported. But I honestly don’t think I can wait for this to be ported. I think I might have to buy a PS5 for this and my entire Sony backlog as well 😂
Before you watch this video it’s a waste a time just buy the game and try it out 👍🏼
Too late.. I preordered 😂
Should i buy a ps5 just to play this?
Mary Jane sections AGAIN? 😭
OMFG!!! The web wings go so fucking hard! I can't wait to feel the speed
Not gonna lie these gamers must not know how to avoid damage because they were blantley just taking damage
i hope this comes to steam eventually
So much spoiler i cant get to the end of the video
If co-op was a thing in this game no complaints from me
Damn, you sound like an entirely different person lmao
I really hope the 3rd installment is developed on UE5 Web swinging would absolutely be peak with life sized buildings. I also wish they feature a dynamic Sam Raimi-like camera work for web swinging and acrobatics, esp w/ seemless contextual animations. when web swinging really low right above traffic & in allies the camera pans closer, swinging into any tight gaps is a dynamic animation of him squeezinf right through and all the other cool acrobatic stuff Raimi did quick time his scenes he made Spider-Man action a breath taking spectacle.
I have to wait 4 years to play this game my only crime is that i have pc
And yet,no superhero game topes Arkham City.🦇
So they made it bigger and have more explosions.
Before you buy   Step 1: own a ps5 🥲😃
Literally the only game I’ve ever preordered just so I can play asap
3:33 is the Tasm2 suit I see 👀👀
🤘
It's Spiderman... he is by far one of the hardest to touch characters in the verse
Sandman is in the game 😱
The only problem with the game i hope they fix is the dodging you have to press the dodge button or the attack will track you i rember i would webzip and the bullet would follow me left and right and when you use it its literally the same boring simple animation every single time
Rip Steve and Stan
This game is actual dogmeat lmao
Too late already pre ordered it can't wait🎉
Still wish Pete and miles had separate games, I’d play both but like spotlight on one hero
I said shut up and take my money 5 years ago! You can't change my mind!
Sandman????
I can die happy knowing I'll be able to get the Octavius Superior suit
Why do they think we want to play as Mary Jane?  Nothing against her but she’s not a super hero and it’s a video game about super heroes kinda confusing
Please let us play as Venom, PLEASE!!
But can we go to the statue of liberty yet, I feel like that's a must have In any new York game
As per tradition I buy, then watch
How does miles puffy ass hair not cause bulges in his mask when he puts it on?
Not bro saying spoiler free then showing the sam raimi symbiote suit
Why’d you have to have spoilers bro. Stop showing so much from the sorry man.
YOU CAN GO ACROSS THE WATER NOW?!
This is not Jake Baldino. It's his cousin doing a Jake Impression.
If you wait for the PC version you can get the original faces back in a mod.
I’m totally going to get this game                    If I had a PS5
I’ve been waiting for this vid 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I played the first one for about 3 hours and got so bored I never picked it back up
"it's hard to incapsulate that in a small little game world" Jesus fucking christ, we are living in times when spider man 2's game world is considered to be a small one lmao. It's insane how the technology has evolved.
I hope insomniac makes a new Hulk game
I'll wait for the PC version where I can choose NOT to play as MJ
Baldino says he has played all the Spider-Man games but I bet he hasn't played Spider-Man vs. Kingpin. Book'it, Dano!
Baldino says he has played all the Spider-Man games but I bet he hasn't played Spider-Man 2: Enter Electro. Book'it, Dano!
I just got the pre-order because of this review, already love spirderman but this got me. GJ guys love the series
Imagine spending 70$ on a dlc lol
shut up i’m buying..
Baldino says he has played all the Spider-Man games but I bet he hasn't played Spider-Man 2: The Sinister Six. Book'it, Dano!
Man, I still dont like Peter's new face lol I know why they did it but still
So it's just doing chores around a boring city like the first game.  Yep, overhyped as usual by Marvel kids.
This should’ve been titled: “Hurry up and BUY!” 😂
I wish they would’ve done more with the ai civilians ngl
It feels like just a copy and paste and a few tweaks plus a new story, they ruined mjs look, I'm not as excited as I was for the first 2 games and not Liking Pete's new face model either but I do want to see how it goes
Who is Venom?
I already bought but I like your videos.
I wish they released it for ps4
I LOVED THIS GAME I KEEP SAYING ITS 1000000/10 EVERYTHING I THOUGHT THE GAME WAS GONNA BE IS NOT IT AT ALL IN A GOOD WAY. Its insane I wasn’t in love with the direction they went mainly bc it wasn’t the traditional story i knew and expected but after I finished the game I was like yea this game was amazing for the unique directions they took it in love it and y’all will love it
This is gonna be my first platinum trophy game
I'm just here hoping that Sony won't wait 5 years to port this to PC.
Granted, MJ looks noticeably different compared to the last game (and not at all like the model she's based off of), but besides that f*ck up, the game looks like a grand ol' time and I can't wait to play it.
Does anyone know how to pre download the game
This game's traversal mechanics just gives off all the [Prototype] vibes, and I love it. That game's movement never had enough love.
That’s a before you buy. I know how this goes by now
I've gotten all of the Trophies and Achievements for the first two games. Thoroughly looking forward to the third entry now.  This will be the third Insomniac game that I will enjoy. No - *love.*  Two more, and they can be in the running for my Top 10 favorite game developers. 👍🏾
What happened to Mary Jane's face
Feel better Jake!
I think my biggest worry with this game was it feeling like it could have been a DLC and this video pretty much extinguished those thoughts.
as a xbox fan. i have to say PS players get some awesome games. want a PS just for the games man
Finally we got the amazing Spider-Man 2 suit in the game 🔥
We could have done without miles
bruh was that Tobey Spiderman 3 Venom suit
Oh god mj missions are back why how on this earth with two spidermen venom kraven and lizard and sandman do we have time for mj missions why even is it to pad the already kinda short runtime because I’ve heard it’s 15 hours for the story and they actually waste that time with us playing as a normal human
1:12 just look at that scene man, two Spidermans swinging across the city. I wish I didn't have to sell my ps5. This scene alone sold me to play it ;-;
"as spoiler free as I could make it" did you have to include a cut scene spoiling Sandman while you said that????? Seriously???????
Am I the only one going crazy seeing Sandman? Didn't expect him 😮
"before you buy" Too late
Man I hope Sony/Insomniac didn't write your guys review for you like YongYea
Ok it's time for a superman game.  We now have to technology to do it right!!  I want to see a Superman game where he is able to fly all the way to space to and able to go to different missions around the US country or world. 🌎🦸
“This footage was captured on PS5” like what other platform would it be on
Dawg there’s a Superior Doc Ock suit?!! I’m sold!
i also want to know how long the game is, I have heard its around 30hrs for activities + main. Reason being the game is 70$ (5000 rs ) for me and its a really big amount for me.
PC port???
Me watching the video with the game already pre-purchased lol
Cause everyone and their grandma wanted the mj sections back😐
Feels good watching this with a pre order
Cannot wait for venom.
Is venom a playable character
Before you buy..i already preordered this like 1 month ago 😂
As soon as I saw sandman in a clip I stopped looking at the video but instead just listened to the video 😭😭😭
Favorite ps4 game. Excited for ps5 spidey
Why is Slimesicle in Spiderman 2?
I'll see this game in two years when it re releases on PC 😔
Can I ride the roller coaster though?
I knew they’d add the Tobey symbiote suit but to see it actually be in it just hits different
9:27 sus
i think this will be one of your lowest veiws video, because everyone will buy this game without second thought
Sounds Mid 🥱
Web shooter broke with the black suit..?
Sonys devs always manage to push hardware power, I miss when rockstar did the same oh well lol I'm sure naughty dog and sucker punch will be next to push hardware I like when some devs announce a anticipated gem and then go silent that let you know they're puttin that work in fr
Man I cannot f*cking wait.
I don't get the hype for this game
Can you free roam as Venom? God that would be sick
Tasm 2  suit is in the game
Where's my copy from the company hate when people leak this crap before release spoilers ruin games
damn bruh no one leaked the ending yet come on breh
Spiderman 3: Clone Saga
Already pre ordered. Thanks for video anyway. Pretty cool. Can't wait till I get to play.  👍🏻
Seeing Bully Maguire suit makes me so happy 😄
Crazy how these worlds people imaginate can grow into something so big. Stan Lee and others could still be mentioned centuries from now.
Basically: Dont buy it
Quick question? Can you swing through a truck like in Spider-Man 2?
This is the best thumbnail on YouTube
Web swinging is still trash
I’m not a trophy chaser but it feels nice sometimes when you want to get a platinum and don’t have to sink 60+ hrs to get it.  With that being said, can’t wait to play this upcoming weekend
Now I'm more convinced to get the new Spider-Man game! Love these games!
But does it make you feel like spiderman
I already pre ordered
Gotta say thanks to some of your shots mj looks better
Lol already brought.
Clears Trashfield without a problem 💪😎💯
I preordered it like a month ago
Im so excited for this game
Love The First 2 Games and can't wait for this. Hope to get Green Goblin.
We get the Spiderman 3 black suit!
Too late 😂  I do have a question, is the game launching with NG+?
I’m so excited for Spider-Man 2, but I’m even more excited to get more info on Insomniac’s Wolverine project. They’re definitely one of the best developers out right now.
Buying it no matyer what 😂
Definitely unlocking suits and taking pictures
I wanna get a remake of ultimate Spider Man
Had to listen only and not watch, because I am trying to avoid ALL spoilers. Great review as always. You guys are always my go to
Y am I even watching this, I already pre ordered it
Man, I love gameranx videos but you guys fumbled the ball on this one. Spoiled two villains that weren’t confirmed and showed things we shouldn’t have known about. Not cool
is it repetitive like Miles Morales and the other Spider-Man???
my only problem with the game is that the symbiote is only assigned to the classic suit when you transform it’s automatically equipped to the classic suit
Who else bought it already 😂
i truly appreciate you for not spoiling too much it’s crazy how i scroll youtube looking at reviews nd get spoiled from a thumbnail so thanks
But.. sweaty neckbeards love a good parry.
Miles morales game is not a spin off… its after spiderman 1
That original sick sound quickly gave way to sheer excitement
3:28 TASM2 SUIT BABY!!!!!!
Lol i like that the thumbnail features both spidermen 😊
These games are way I have the OLED along with the PS5 to get the most
Cant wait to play this in 2025 😭.
I was waiting to see this on my feed
First thing I’m gonna do is “I’m gonna put some dirt in your eye”
Never anticipated a game quite like this one!! So excited about this one!!! Im gunning for platinum on this one!!! Thank you for a fantastic review as always!!! Been waiting all week for this one!! Cant wait for my jaw to hit the floor!!
Can you play this if you've never played miles Morales?
I’m amazed with the new gadgets and new suit abilities, and with the addition of web wings and slingshot, traversing to a far distant is more fun and convenient rather going to a fast travel point.🔥👏  “Game of the Year”
hope you feel better i was really like hey wheres jake lol
Yay, just what I wanted....multiple MJ sections. 👎
“Before you buy” Yeah before you buy it, buy the other two if you haven’t and platinum those.
cant wait to play this game this week
Who's taking game of the year?
That was the Sam Raimi black suit in the beginning. So cool!!
Can I play as Spiderman the whole time, or am I gonna get stuck playing as other lame people like in the last one? Not a fan of character switching. Didn't like it last time, didn't like it in God of War. Hopefully won't be forced to here. If so, it'll be a rental at best.
Guaranteed 10 million units sold.
Maybe insomniac could make a Gwen Stacy game then release spider man three with all three of em 😁 sounds like an interesting time
Too late                              🗿     🖐🏻       🖐🏻
Bro…. Some of those cutscenes you showed should’ve been kept secret.
I'd get it if Miles wasn't in it.
Oooh I'm super hype for this to come to PC eventually (here's hoping anyway!) If i had one thing that I didn't like about this review, and maybe it's cuz I'm like you, Jake, I could exist in a Spider-Man game for a thousand hours and not feel bored of it, but the bits that you think are the same as the last game, I'm sitting here going "Yeah, it's a Spider-Man game. So? Cool." And that's not a personal jab at you, man, great review as always, but talking about how the physical combo combat is more-or-less the same between games, and similar between the two Spider-Men, I'm sitting here going, "Yeah, they're the Spider-Men, that is what it is." Like I'm hype cuz I get to be the Spideys in NYC, and Insomniac already proved they can build a *great* game around that concept, so I'm already pretty sold. LOL. It's like a Star Wars game with cool starships or lightsabers...done. You don't need to tell me anymore LOL.
Jake, next make a video that gamers have zero complaints about lol like pure perfection
Man I gotta stop watching these reviews. I don’t got a lot of self control but I don’t want to spoil myself on too much
I have played them all and want this one.
Dude, I love your videos but go outside once in a while. I notice how you're sick many times in your videos, I think your immune system is taking a hit. I'm a gamer too but I get sick probably once a year. Take care man.
Is this is GOTY Edition?
Already preordered DELUX but still here lol.
quick question dose the start screen have a seamless transition to gameplay kind of like the beginning of miles Morales or dose it fade to black Like in the the first game??
So hype for this game, much love for the early feedback. It’s about what we expected, solid foundation with some added features throughout.
Can some one tell me if thus has spoilers in it?
You guys are AWESOME! I always wait for your reviews, and I only like yours, honestly. No spoilers, fair review, both good and bad. Sounds real, not paid by. Love you guys.
Ahh so excited to play this on Friday🙏🙌
Do you have to unlock air tricks again or do you have it unlocked already like Miles Morales
Watching this after I swiped my card
Time to replace the game I play when I’m bored. It was Spider-Man 1 and Miles Morales
This games only PS5 right?
Needless to say I bought this months ago
You ought to be this quiet and calm in every video please
Maaaan I wish it came out on PC as well... Such a bummer -.-
Too late buddy
2:34 bro you look soo high.. I got chills thinking how im gonna jump off that building
TASM 2 SUIT CONFIRMED HOLY MOLY
I'm expecting Black Cat's phat ass  (I know I will be disappointed)
3 day left.
GOTY i dont wanna hear it
Thank you guys so much for all you do for us gamers. Totally stoked to play this, have been since I beat the first one. Friday is going to be a good day. Cheers 🍻
SM1 was my first platinum and it's looking like this will be my second
TOO LATE I ALREADY BOUGHT IT LIKE 2 WEEKS AGO
Only negative is that they change Peters FACE again!?! I'm already used to the one in Miles Morales  😕 he looks more like Harry!?!
Good to see they have the Sam Raimi symbiote suit
This will be insane, even more pumped to see how there going with Wolverine. It’s not often these days you can say that you know a game is fully done and polished before it releases
This might be a little silly, but I’m excited for the triple J podcast, and DANIKA podcast. Those were some of my favorite small details in the game to either break up the action or make a scene that much more impactful so I’m very excited to see what these 2 have to say in this game.
Does the game make you FEEL like a Spider though?
no no please jake, we want you to overly gush a spiderman game
I'm broke af so I'm gonna have to wait a bit before I can get it but I'm super excited
Feel better appreciate the dedication. This probably wasn't a tough one to review sick or healthy lol
one of the most annoying things in any of the previous spider man games was traversing through central park, without large buildings to anchor to web swinging was largely not a viable option. The webwings are def gonna help with central park
Cant wait i actually liked miles better gameplay wise story wise 2018 beats it but as a whole i feel miles expanded on alot of things combat collectables fluidity etc
There was no doubt
I'm ready to take all 19 inches of venom this week
I am beyond excited for this game!
Us PC kids over here waiting with baited breath. Can't wait. Props to y'all PS5ers getting your hands on this in a couple days. Jelly.
Who doesn’t like a good Perry shit was awesome in batman
Ik this a before u buy but man I already bought it I’m just bear to see more spidey swing and fights preview fr can’t wait
Does anyone know if u get to free roam with the symbiote suit or is it only story?
When I seen tasm 2 suit I ascended into heaven!
Give MJ a break. According to the character build, it looks like she aged 30 years between games. She's probably just slowing down.
My only con with the game is that it’s a PS5 exclusive.
I've been an Xbox guy all my life. This is the game that makes me wanna buy a PS5 so bad
Pass
Hyped for this game.
Who else playing on the hardest difficulty?
Hoping screwball returns in this game
Activision has been bought by Microsoft now, how long do you think will take for them to release the game on PC this time ?
October has had me more excited for gaming due to this and Alan Wake 2 then I probably have been in awhile. Sure I’ve been hyped for one game here and there but 2 what I assume will be great titles in one month has me salivating 🙏
It’s more spider man that’s all it needs to be this game is amazing
gameranx:before you buyyy me: already pre-ordered it
idk why I'm watching this I pre ordered spider man 2 over 100 days ago lol
How tf u gonna do before u buy the game ain’t even out yet fam
The fact spider-man watching a chess game and nobody cares about spider-man lol.
Did this video feel nostalgic to anyone else ? getting close to Fall weather and a new “complete” game releases just feels so good !
still never received my pizza :(
So did it turn out the RF signal was only JanSport and in Spider-Man 2 we are collecting Eastpak backpacks?
I cant wait for this to finally come out so i can stop seeing it advertised everywhere.
I’m replaying the first one now just to get back in the zone
eat cr💩p, hypocrites 😂
Superhero games are getting a lot. Insomniac should revisit resistance
BRO IS GREEN GOBLIN IN THIS
9:20 WAIT A DAMN MINUTE WHATS THAT SUIT
Ngl I have preordered the game like a month ago.
Letting this play in the background with no sound jist to give Gameranx the watchtime.   I know the BYB will have no spoilers, but seeing just a few bits of the cutscenes and the gameplay seems like spoilers to me 😅. Will watch the BYB after playing the full game 😂😂
Thanks for spoiling sandman for me.
I just cream for Jake
Too late i already pre ordered it
There’s no before only after
Spider-Man 2018 is one of the few open world games where I had no idea there even was a fast travel because moving around in that game is just so damn fun that I never bothered. Same with Spider-Man: Miles Morales.  Edit: Except the one time you’re force to use it apparently. Good god, people.
If something seems missing it’s probably because they are holding it back to charge for it later as “DLC” 2023 gaming
Dammit why did it have to be good, I'm probably going to get a stupid PS5 and that's all on you Baldino.
Not being able to afford a ps5 really sucks right now 💀😭
Already bought and installed but I’ll still watch 😊
Can’t help but notice the insane level of detail and quality they put in this game. This is what attracted me into gaming all those years ago. Reminds me of some insane gameplay demos from a generation ago, only this time around, the game is actually good!
Sometimes I get mad at myself. I pre ordered my spider man 2 and I'm very excited to play it. But seeing all these Gameplays and trailers showing such a beautiful New York just makes me want to play GTA 4 for like.. the 10th time now
Me watching this after I have already preordered it: 💀
metacritic review bomb incoming in  3, 2,  1.
Im burned out on Spider man. Tbh.
I couldn’t care less about Venom or the symbiote, I want green goblin shenanigans.
Only this once I'm just listening to the video and not actually seeing it. I love y'alls reviews but I I'm trying to get on this game as blind as I can and I already got some minor spoilers.
9:12 definitely feels like Superman. 64
I had to listen, without watching because I've seen too much already. Thanks for not spoiling anything story related.
Umm this reviewer needs to watch some sonisymbiote videos.. brah... dude says combat is just press square then circle and triangle..? Fr.. respect this channel but this is a big problem with these cookie cutter reviewers that have never even come REMOTELY close to unlocking the actual combat potential in this game..
How are people playing it early
First thing I do is do all the side missions and collectibles want to enjoy the game
Spider man 2 came out in 2004
change this to after you preorder
bro j found out abt the word bombastic
Watching a before you buy when you already have the game pre ordered hits different
I'm just starving for some info on the Wolverine game they're making.
TASM 2 SUIT!!!
Bro forgot to talk about the suit damage/:
I really want to see more air tricks, all the reviews I’ve seen basically only use the web wings, which are cool, but I want to see more swinging stuff
What happen with your channel on Spanish ?
I can't wait to fully upgrade those iron spider arms
Should've titled this one "Just buy it"
I cannot wait to play this is def game of the year!
Garmeranx: before you buy.... Me: dont challenge me!
Before you buy, just know its worth buying
Any riddler trophies?
I feel like i seen too much but i can't look away
0:59 why does he need web shooters to work if he has the symbiote
do you have to play as miles morales i feel that if i wanted to play as miles i would be playing miles morales  game and vice versa
I'm a Xbox person who owns both consoles.. with that being said dont you come in acting like this game not about to be 🔥
Nobody else peep the tasm2 suit? 😂 looks dope
Bully Maguire Spideman suit... GG it's over.
Yes, MJ's story and character arc, but wtf is up with her MCU aunt May manifestation here LOL?
Just saw this upload epic!!! Y’all vids are my number one go to glad to see the vid posted
Question, did they add a dynamic weather/day and night setting to post game? Really hoping they would
Here is to hoping that this one comes to PC down the road like the last two did.
All I wanna know is can you shoot hoops or pet a dog?
That's one of the best thumbnails by far lmao
the first before you buy that I don’t actually have the game before watching
Looks like it should be great! My biggest 2 complaints are that the web wings are OP and literally allow you to FLY legit just fly, it doesn't even look like you have to swing at all, Spiderman? and also WTH did they do to MJs face? She looks like a completely different person an extremely awful decision there
Playing this game really makes you feel like Rico Rodriguez. Jokes aside it really look like some good fun.
Can I make a full circle around buildings? like 8:35
I've only played the Atari 2600 Spiderman
man i wish this was on pc day 1. besides getting sales on ps5 i dont understand why we gotta wait. game would go crazy maxed out for us w/ high spec'd rigs
“Before you Buy” me who ordered the digital deluxe on day 1😎
Can’t Wait To Use The TASM 2 Suit. Hope We Can Pick A Darker Shade Of Blue & Red Tho (I Doubt It, But I Hope We Also Get TASM 1 Outfit With The Gadget Belt From His First Game lol 🤞)
This is like the most useless before you buy of course I'm buying this 😂😂😂😂
Words can’t describe how hyped i am for this game it feels like that god of war ragnarok rush, i’m very excited to see how the new movement feels especially the slingshot into the wing suit
Very hard to keep it safe yet fun
Best I can do is watch the cutscenes on YouTube when it is released.
Already bought and preloaded!
Already downloaded can’t wait to jump in it!
First thing im gonna do is turn fall damage on, prepare a slingshot and shoot myself into a wall
wish i could play this but sony is gonna exclusive...
I Don't even know why they added the Mary Jane sequences back into the game. It was legitimately the worst part about the first game. Miles included.
Looks like same game as the last 2
I already bought😂
Ugh so disappointed to hear we have MJ missions again. What’s the point? Everyone criticized the hell out of them in the first game
Yeah, not looking forward to MJ stealth sequences
Got to order me a copy soon on assassin's Creed right now 😂
All 4 Platinums acquired gang stand up
lol too late I preordered it Saturday
Really hoping the combat is way better, because the first game was overrated imo due to it being completely boring and repetitive with its combat system.
Didn’t need to see this still buying jt
To late already pre ordered 💀Do not regret it
If this game branches out to the Spider-verse and we fight the Inheirtors in future titles, Imma lose my mind but this sounds like a banger and can't believe we're also getting a Wolverine title by Insomniacs within a few years
I was meh on the Mary Jane parts some of the Screwball stuff was worse.
am I the only one who was confused when Jake first started talking lml I was like who tf is this lml
Make Marry Jane pretty again
First game was revolutionary for Spider-Man . This just looks like the same shit . Big meh  just want to play as venom .
Over hyped game
I've talked too much crap for this game not to be game of the year 😭
better review then ign
Did they change MJ's model? I can see that her hair is longer, or that they let her hair down. But the model doesn't look the same to me.
The only review I was waiting for outside of Digital Foundry's tech review!
Now that Spider-Man is about to be over, im extremely excited for Wolverine now. He’s my all time fav hero and im pretty sure we are about to hear more about it soon
Love the thumbnail.
We don't play as venom  Not buying this game  What a shame  This looks trash
This game is porn…please help🫠.
The game is recycled boring overhype
Let’s get insomniac on a Batman beyond game
The game looks amazing.
Getting the Platinum for SM Remastered & Miles Morales has me hyped to get SM2s done ASAP, can’t wait!
Didn't appreciate Sandman being spoiled for me. Not even IGN spoiled that for me.. COME on guys..
I just want to know one thing, its a spoiler so if my co.ment has replies, beware...  Is Venom playable? Yes or no? And if he is  how brutal is he?
I'm hype for this game BUT i gotta wait 17yrs before it gets ported to the PC (I finally got to play the 2018 remaster when it got ported to PC about 3months ago!)
looking forward to playing this when it comes to PC... hopefully within the next 2 years.
Can't Wait Spider-Man 2 ❤
This is definitely the most "after you buy game."
Spoilers in this video!!!!
4:45 he could be a great spiderman
lol Jake is like “I’m under the weather n sound different” yeah dude tequila n vodka is a bad combination but it is fun while it last until it’s time to record videos for us lol 😂🤷🏻‍♂️🤣
I love how Insomniac makes the side quests and missions so fun to do. I really enjoyed doing the platinum for the last 2 spiderman games.
I'm immediately busting into the photo mode, I spent so much time and still do in that in both games, I'm so excited to be back
What's up with all the seagulls??
What about Xbox gamers aaaaaaa
Imagine a game...where it's a city sim and you get to build the map...but your character isn't just the mayor or city planner or whatever...you're also a super hero and can traverse the city you built and fight boss battles like a regular hero game... Sim Hero Man coming 3023
Who the fuck keeps pushing us to play with fucking Mary Jane 😭 stop that shit I didn’t buy this game to be fucking Mary jane
Bahhh gawd….. they made flying like Superman through rings actually look fun 😮
Bro really became a Teacher
Playstation Store selling a digital copy of this for $125AU has me thinking get fucked
Insomniagoats never miss!
Damn really nothing that new to the web swinging. I’ll be honest I didn’t need much besides being more expressive with tricks so that’s my hugest disappointment so far :(
Spider-Man ps4 is up there as one of my top 3 favorite games of all time. Have played through a solid 6 times. Bought a steam deck just to have it portable. I would be more than fine with MJ sections being cut scenes
Every melee combat game needs a parry
Too late i already bought.
I already bought. Collector edition otw gets here Friday
they played it too safe tbh. not paying $70 for this
Seeing MJ in that yellow sweater...y'all love 90s kids at Insomniac huh
I love this, digital foundry, and caboose review the best you all nailed it
Did anyone else not know Sandman was in this until he showed it in the video?
The only thing I am still wondering about. Is it funny?
Is Prowler in this? Is SPEEDBALL IN THIS??
I can’t wait for this to come out.  As with the first games, the first hung I’ll probably do is just swing around New York to get a good feel for the controls.
I see a minor few changes lol
this Game is awesome !!!!!!!!!!!
"They're in full...uh...swinnnng together..."  ::presses like button::
I've never been more confident in blindly pre-ordering a game,  It's insomniac, no second thought needed
Love this review
Holy shit there's Sandman?! Dude this is basically OG spiderman 3 on crack and I fucking CAN'T WAIIIIITTTT!!!! 🔥😂
Great video there. Hope you feel better soon
I feel reviewers get turned off more by these direct sequels versus regular consumers because they play soo many games they put a lot of value on a feeling of “new.” Not Jake per say but I’ve noticed some reviewers are docking the game because it feels familiar, while someone like me is more excited to play it because I know how much I liked the other games.
Most useless video ever
I'm sad that I can't play it now because I don't own a PS5 yet, like I didn't owned a PS4 when the first game was released, but at least I can play the first one and Miles Morales while I save to buy a PS5 😅
I already preordered so I don't need this.
It looks like we still arent able to have spider mans reflections visible on those windows. The ray tracing is great but climbing a wall and not seeing yourself is kinda jarring
It still bothers me they changed Peters face. His original face was way better. And great they changed MJs face too and now she looks like she uses drugs or something. The OG faces looked way better Insomniac. Still super excited for this game though
Too late. . .already bought
I already pre-ordered the game way before this video came out
I never played the first 2 games but I really want to play this one.
It's good to see miles and Hailey still talking
Found out venom is only playable for one mission. My day is ruined and my disappointment is immeasurable
Hopefully Sony decides they want to make, even more money, and releases it on PC too! Otherwise this is going to be so hard to wait a couple of years.
Even though I preordered it i'm so jealous you got to play it earlier😂😂  3MORE DAYSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!😭😭😭
I love how Insomniac keeps pushing out industry leading visuals and multiple games faster than everyone else.  They give us RT, VRR, 4K, high FPS, and all that is implemented around great gameplay and story. All studios should take note.   Xbox should take a coffin because they are getting buried by Sony quality.
On pre order.
4:14 😮
Sorely unimpressed.
Waiting all day for this! Thanks for pushing through to get this out! Hope you get better soon :)
Game just looks like … more Spider-Man for better or worse
I want this game as I enjoyed the first one but there's just way too many great games coming out right now and not enough time to play them 😅 Going to add this to my wish list and wait for a sale for now.
I love watching before you buy when I've already bought the game.
Before you buy... but I already pre-ordered the deluxe lol
Can you pick the Spiderman you play, or does it depend on the story mission?  I would rather stick with one or the other.
Me watching this after I ordered the limited edition Spider-Man 2 ps5 and the collectors edition lol
I still miss Peter's original face. New one has some serious baby face.
0:59 why in the blue hell is he using webshooters with the black suit? did insomniac even read the comics
me watching this knowing damn well i preordered months ago
they brought back MJ sections OH GOD PLEASE NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
If I don’t get to play as venom at some point or after completing the game I’m gonna be upset.
I’m gonna be patiently waiting for this to come to pc! Looks great
Looks good. Not sure why it couldn't be on PS4 pro tho. Not that much improvement graphically
Jake i just wanna say thanks for making this thoughtbout video with literally no major spoilers.  All the reviews ive seen so far had an element of spoiling something, nothing too major but still.  Youve shown clips of everything i needed to see while not giving anything away
imagine making a before you buy video about one of the most anticipated game of PS5 generation 😂no ty i wanna know freaking nothing before i buy it
It’s already bought but I appreciate you
Dont know why but MJ look like a 50 years old mi*f for me.
More like In Case You Already Bought It But Are Waiting For Friday.
PS players with their 5th game... nice
what is the deal with the birds following you at 8:45?
Too late , already bought , preordered , downloaded and waiting for release .
Crazy how Pete is retiring would have been cool if he did some super heroic stuff then died doing it.   Also pretty cool you can play as venom
Damnit lame MJ sections again
I don’t understand how a person can be a life long spiderman fan and just accept miles morales being a second spiderman. Its ridiculous
me watching this after preordering the game: 👍🏾
Instructions unclear already bought the game
jake sounding so chilled today
Man I love this channel. Their videos are so comforting. Hard to explain but I’m glad they keep doing their thing
Get well soon, Jake. Pizza's on us.
Do you have to use miles morales or can you select who to used in the game?
You would think the npcs seeing spiderman they would look at him and not just ignore him
“BEFORE YOU BUY”   The people who ALREADY pre-ordered the deluxe edition😐 (I’m people)😂
I would love for Insomniac to make a Daredevil game. 🙏🏽
I have it preordered and it will stay that way. This game is sounding better and better and I was already so excited when it got announced. 😊
whats up with all the red heads?
*After you buy
The review I've been waiting for. Hands down the best ones on YouTube
Can’t lie to you this is an instant buy fuck a con
Before you buy. Nothing, just buy it.
tf u talkin bout i already bought it 💀
I remember about vial with sand from first game, he said that opening it will free sandman. Good thing they didn't forget about it, good idea to add him in here. Thou i don't really like the idea about "wings" and fast travel immidiatly anywhere.
need a ps5
Just got threw part 1 shit is insane 🤯😭
There is only one spiderman.i refuse to give any attention to an imposter named miles morales. Get outta here with that travesty
I'm happy they fixed Mj's face, she looks like a real human being now
Been waiting for this .
Can i say something?. But Hailey Cooper is so hot thou jezz
can i still get the spiderman edition ps5?
Lmao it’s crazy how their “gliding” is really just flying 💀
I’m out not interested in playing as Mary Jane or miles
First thing you have to do in any new Spiderman game is jump off the Empire State Building. I don’t make the rules.
Ooh, they included the tasm 2 suit in this game? 3:50
As a PC gamer, I am very very sad this game will not be available to me for like two years 😢
Question is screwball in the game?
Best reviews out there!
Wife, girlfriend, roommate, and I are all looking forward to it! Have it pre-ordered and after the Before You Buy, looking even more forward to it! Can't wait! It's already been installed, and had a surprise patch update already.
I’m just torturing myself by watching these things because I preordered it physically, and the arrival date is there week after release! I don’t know if I can wait that long 😭
I love this. Anybody else going to play this on the hardest difficulty right away??
The web swinging is a huge gripe for me. It is rather sluggish in my opinion, and they didn't do anything to improve it, beyond adding web-wings.
i really hope it came to pc next year, please sony
Just seems like the same game with a bigger map
The #1 trusted reviewer.
Damn, I'm really liking the new suit. I don't know if it's just because it's not orange or what, but it looks good.
“Before You Buy… a PS5” 😅
Watching this before buying it feels wrong
"love letter" cringe asf
- Spoiler free - shows that sandman is a villain in the game 🙃 Love your content!
But does the game have a boat with weird looking people on it like the original did?
Need to hold off on major releases more often. Being able to jump into a sequel only a year after playing the original is sublime.
thanks bro
I can’t wait to play this! I’m so glad I pre-orderd the game,and I got my ps5 2 weeks ago so this great timing!
*Me watching this after I preorder*
Sadly I don't have a Ps5 but I did get a pretty good Computer so Hopefully this game will be ported over to PC and Hopefully it wont be a Garbage port
I never understood the appeal of Spider-Man with armed with the obscene array of gadgetry and tech and f'n legs spawning out of his back. Anything besides a few basic web upgrades...canon or not, it doesn't do anything for me.
They have the Spiderman 3 suit?!😵
Man this looks great so happy for Insomniac for this some of those venom actions wow if they could do that with Venom,  imagine what they could do with my all time favorite bad guy CARNAGE. I hope he's in Spiderman 3.
7:57 wtf are these birds on the screen?
Cant wait to play this for free on PC, thanks fitgirl repacks ❤️
Too bad I’m not buying a PS5
who else is just gonna buy it
Anyone know when Wolverine is coming out?
More action sounds great to me
11:11 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I hope we get to keep the symbiote suite even after the game ends
Before you buy...DLC 🤔
The only really downside I see so far is being forced to play as miles in some sections but I'm willing to overlook that.
Whatcha mean ive done bought as soon as they let me shooot
_Before you buy_  _Me: “You have no idea…”_
I'm kinda underwhelmed
Game looks amazing.. Day 1!
u say its a spoiler free video but u got flint marko in the first 2 mins of it😢 was not expecting that from a gameranx video honestly.
I personally loved both miles morales and the spiderman ps4, the extra stuff never got boring to me, since thats basically being a spider hero in NYC, and i think what jake says about the small cons here and there are good, but Insomniac has a formula, and comes with the saying "if it aint broke, dont fix it". Got my preordered good and ready, cant wait ❤ love you jake
Gameranx still offers the best reviews, never disappoint me since I've subscribed on this channel. Another best reviews is dunkey—
Not watching cuz wanna go in fresh, already know Jake will recommend this game, and already know Im gonna buy it. Regardless great work gents always love your vids!
Gotta love how a lot of these PS5 exclusives really do just work.
cant wait!!!!!!!
Kind of disappointing that they brought back the MJ sections but I trust your judgement that they are slightly better this time around. I hope they aren't as many as in the first game.
Pls just tell me there are no mary janes missions pls
My freaking god what happened to mary jane… she got the aloy treatment from hzd to hzw… aka she got hella uglier
Can you use the symbiote suit after the story?
Wait so sandman is the first boss?
I love all the Swagger of Miles
so raimi black suit is confirmed?
4:00 omg it's howard the pigeon guy🎉
7:40 I was honestly expecting to hear how Miles is full of the exaggerated swagger of a black teen
The review I have actually been waiting for
Gameranx are the best honest reviewers out there. They give there pro and cons and they let us decide if we buy it or not.
Thank you.
I'm one of those peasants that still doesn't have a ps5.
Was waiting for this, even tho I already pre-ordered both editions!
Not too convinced about these wind tunnels. Feels like it breaks the immersion
1. Get PS5 first.
This video shouldn’t exist for this game
Xdog fanboys are in the mud RN 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭
Same slop as as the last 3 games. The industry is dying. But zoomer gamers will eat anything that's in front of them.
always happy to see these, if only i had a ps5 to own my own lol
sorry but sony exclusive spiderman games are the last ones to watch before you buy video about...
Dear God, can people please stop mentioning Ragnarok. If there is one thing Ragnarok did not have more of, it's gameplay. Unskippable cutscenes and dialogue sections yes, but not gameplay.
Before I buy. I need a PS5.
get better jake!
I’m hoping this week goes by fast until Thursday, since for me it apparently will come out early that day
When you bought months ago
Raimi black suit is too clean 🥵🥵🔥
I hope Insomniac does a RATCHET game after this game. They are some of the best devs out there
Currently re-watching the 90's Fox kids cartoon while waiting for launch. Major nostalgia.
Need to know something: are there few bosses, or fewer than the previous 2 games? I loved those bosses❤
Say what you want about the stealth or her character model, but they have MJ that 90's Spider-Man outfit
Who uses fast travel in spiderman? 😂
Thanks for spoiling Flint Marko
how they no have 2Player coop :<
Stop shoehorning Mary Jane in Spiderman with lame gameplay. Just make her sections cutscenes.
The only review I trust
I watched a couple review but nobody have the footage for cornering swing and water surfing, i dont know the best word but you know what i mean 😅
Usually I use these before you buys to determine if I’ll buy a game but this time it’s surrounding going out and buying a whole ass ps5……… and I’m seriously considering it
Before you buy keep in mind this will be the greatest superhero game ever made  Thank you for your time
The only good game journalist left in the world: Gameranx
I'm a spider-man fan and I did not like this I need a non bias reviewer who keeps it real not a gusher
Man I wish Insomniac would have relegated the Mary Jane Solid segments to a montage in a cutscene instead of making us play something that doesn't involve the reason we're playing a Spider-Man game!
Bro I’m so excited for this game I’m literally counting down the seconds
I really don’t understand why insomniac kept the same monotonous side quests that people complained about in 1 and mile morales. It’s really holding them back from getting a higher score. I’d much rather them can those side quests and given us some meaningful and well thought out side missions. I know there’s some but I’d rather have less of the busy work and more meaningful stuff. Oh well it is what it is 😕
Tobeys black suit and Andrews TASM2 suit is awesome
Sony games need a multiplayer aspect to their games.
If I’m being honest I’m surprised this game doesn’t cost 100 or 90 bucks cause there is SO much new features suits villains mickanicks and gameplay
Ugh very disappointed to hear about the MJ missions. Idk what’s wrong with her just being Peter’s girlfriend. Especially since the game is called Spider-Man. Not Spider-Man and friends. If they need to give us “representation” give us a mission as dope character like Black Cat.
I can't wait for Spiderman 2.  I just feel bad for Xbox owners.
Was waiting for this
Thanks, Jake!  Feel better soon.
Bruh, that MJ face, looool
Why is MJ so ugly?
Mj is venom 😂😂😂
Watching this knowing damn well I pre-ordered this the day pre-orders became available 💀
I respect the web wings but I'm a swinging man myself.
I’m gonna really test the new web glide myself your show case interests me
This makes me even more excited for Isomniac's Wolverine game
It would be almost impossible to top that gut punch at the end of 1. Even on replays that got me. Sadly I can't watch since you have said it contains spoilers (and we all know you try to avoid them, so no complaints) but I would rather be taken for the ride the designers envisioned
Dont have a ps5 and still watching this video 😂
Just a nit pick, but should have added Bronx and Staten island  Im playing spiderman again. I don't feel like MJ sections is not a problem at all... I like it ALOT better then atreus in god of war ragnorok avd ironwood
Hopefully we get a Venom DLC
Playable Venom Babyyyyy!
I think we all bought it already 😂
MJ missions…… why did they have to be back… why does insomniac love these. It’s like Miyazaki putting poison swamps in every souls game because “he can’t help himself”
Me watching this but doesnt own a PS5 😢
The only thing I dislike is the menu at the bottom that shows your abilities it reminds me of a mobile game do you get used to it after playing?
Really wish they would've got rid of the mj bs I hated that be in the first game
Wow! awesome to see Sandman in this game!
i wanted to ask , why gameranx don't rate games.
Still don't understand why they had to make mj ugly like wtf
was really hoping they would increase the skill ceiling for movement but i see its still hold r2 and forward like a ubisoft game
Why did they make Mary Jane ugly
Please no MJ missions
Jake, take yo ass to bed, man... your ass is always under the weather these days 😅
Me watching this video even though I already bought the game
The menu's are too small for a 65 inch tv. You have to be pretty close to the TV to read anything. It's like the game was designed to be played on a PC Monitor, not a huge TV.
I’m more than excited for this!
we got the tasm 2 suit!!!
The gameplay footage is already better than the 2 hours I spent on AC Mirage before I deleted it
This channel is the freaking best. Keep up the great work! I have been watching since the very beginning!
Wonder if they'll bring in ghost spider ala gta5 for number 3?
ive seen other reviews say that the lack of change is a bad thing like how the fighting is the same and the movement is the same and its not all that much different from the first one, and i for one see that a huge plus, the first game was damn near perfect in my opinion, then miles was solid adding a little spice, now im hoping this one has is nailed just as good which it looks like id does, it was likt the 2 god of wars, hardly any change there either and it was still ana amzing game with an amazing story, so im super looking forward to this and getting through what im hoping will be a really good story with the symbiote involved
i hope they make a sequel to rift apart now
Been waiting all year for this one I love y'all's and Caboose's takes on this kind of game.
"Babe wake up, Gameranx just posted!"
I am gonna suit hunt! For sure the first thing I’ll do lol
Who needs a before you buy for this when we all bought it already lmao.😅
Loved the first Spiderman game.. need to catch up on miles Morales then i can jump into SM2 proper. 🔥
Watching a before you buy after I've already bought
Finally a PS5 game is out 😂 love your reviews I always look forward to it! 👍
Good to hear, just cannot get over Peter's new design, you say he is a slob, but he clearly puts alot of time and effort into self-care
As long as this game doesn't have screwball in it it's an immediate 20/10 for me since she's the reason 2018 only got a 10/10
Insomniac are UNSTOPPABLE right now❤.   Great watch as always 👊🏿 and get well soon Jake.
Hey, Spider-Man had *great* side missions! What about Harold and his pigeons??
Sooo… do you think it’s gunna go up for game of the year ???
Too late 😂😂
These always make for essential watching before any big release ❤. Thanks as always 👊🏿
You mean after i preordered
let’s be real, no one needs a before you buy bc half of the world bought it already lmaooooo
I CAN'T WAIT JAKE.
Man insomniac gives me hope for the future of Marvel. With this good track, im expecting an Insomniac Avengers game by 2030. Maybe too high of an expectation but I don't doubt Insomniac being unable to make it. Excited for the future of Marvel games nonetheless. Now give me Spiderman 2 alr!!
I’m watching this video just to ignore everything said bc that game has been preordered for months now
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BEFORE I BUY?!? I bought the game like 4-5 months ago😂
Why are these reviewers saying spoiler free then showing us spoilers. I DIDNT KNOW SANDMAN WAS IN THE GAME UNTIL I SAW THIS WTF JAKE‼️‼️😤😒🤬  Edit: I just saw yesterdays release trailer. I apologize. Pizzas on me Jake‼️😭
They ruined Venom in this game big time.
The first thing I’m gonna do is go to the top of the Chrysler bui—- Oh wait. Guess not. 😢
I'm not even gonna watch this, and am just gonna say this: NO ONE needs a "Before You Buy" for this game.  Every person with a brain and a PS5 is going going to BUY this game. An exclusive game like this is practically one of the BEST reasons to even own a PS5.  So, yea.. no need to watch. I'm buying the damn game. Thanks though.
Miles rockin the Royal Blue 1s
More like before you rent as the main game is only 15 hours long, filled with cutscenes, repetitive side content, and takes 25 hours to platinum.
Where is falcon 😭
Your too late I bought it 🎉
What do you mean "before you buy"? THERE IS NO BEFORE YOU BUY. ONLY BUY!!!!
No love for the Bronx 😢
Jokes on you, pre ordered a month ago.
I played the first spider man on ps4 and platinumed it. still haven't played miles Morales, will play it on pc. then ill just wait for this game to release on pc.
How tf is there a before you buy when the game doesnt even release for another 4 days???
So I’m confused are people getting the game really early?
For games to be good dont always need to make you cry to be good. In my opinion.
12:37 I'm disappointed they did NOT make swinging, more realistic, and accurately, to physics. I have an idea to have 2 swing buttons on each side. If the player shoots a spider web from the side that does not have a building Spiderman falls. This will make the games  more challenging and interesting. I was also hoping for a more realistic and challenging battle. Like in Sifu. I wish you health and enlightenment!
Are the trophies fun to get in this one as it was in Spider-Man 2018? It didn't feel like a chore I actually enjoyed it so much.
It really makes you feel like im watching a Spider-Man review!
I am beyond upset that I don't have a PS5 right now. I don't know if I can afford it either since I'm moving next month.
“Can’t Wait”!
So much hype around two Spideys, but doesn't feature Co Op. Wasted opportunity.
Any Wolverine Easter eggs?
This is the first time I saw sand man included in the game
While this game will definitely be great I am disappointed about how it is iterating on the previous games. The previous games were story centric aiming to make you feel like Spider-Man. This game is adding parry and health bars and abilities with over the top UI and it seems more like a video game than an experience. Additionally I believe the web wings, spider arms, and venom abilities are the wrong direction. All of these things are cool because they shake Spider-Man up but there is a reason that they never stick around long. I wish the abilities were more vanilla Spider-Man. Insomniac is amazing and the game will be great but I think it will be a downgrade nonetheless
Only listened to this as I’m trying to keep as much a surprise as possible. A great review as to be expected.  Hope you feel better soon Jake.
What’s going on with the birds at 4:05
When MJ doesn't look like a 45 year old wine mom ill buy it...  But both games stories sucked, the only good thing was web slinging...
Been waiting for this video!!!
I love all the games, as much as I wasn't going to pick it up day one, that might have changed, need to do some more webslinging
Oh man can't wait
Too late. I bought it already
"Do you like spiderman? Ok buy it "
I think that Spider-man will be game of the year.
To late 😂😂 already got it
No fully customized hud? In 2024 basically..... Yeah no lul. Fail. Imagine rdr2 without the camera angles and hud customization...
IS THAT SANDMAN⁉️⁉️
You can actually surf too!! Not sure if you guys had noticed that addition to the traversal!!
I’m mad that the parkour is not different. Maybe if you web slinging fanboys showed of some parkour on buildings then insomniac would’ve improved it. Now it’s still the same
My backlog of games is getting too big. What a year to be a gamer
2/10
Whoever did the thumbnail I appreciate it’s fitting.
ion know why I csnt jus play now im so excited 😭
Before you buy:  Me watching the vid knowing I preordered the game the moment it was available: 👁👁
One thing I'm not seeing any review talk about is something that I'm so happy they changed. You no longer have to choose between using your base webbing or abilities or gadgets (or at least that's what it looks like with the new setup).  I hated that. Needing to use a gadget, forgetting I changed it and then needing to use webbing and shooting out a bomb or something.
Too late, preordered it month ago
Can u play as venom?
People hating on the amazing Lucas. He was right. They're just features not actual physics. Because people today just don't do physics anymore
Why am I watching this? I already bought it days ago. 😅
I’m so glad they gave us TASM 2 suit. It’s one of my favorites.
This advanced suit looks SO much better than the first game.
MJ aged 10 years
Looks amazing. On phone. With a lot of love and passion the game was made.  Another great game this year.
I already bought it 😅
God I hope insomniac could make a daredevil game. It would genuinely be so good, more dark like the Arkham games. The whole “he’s blind the game would be pitch black” stuff is funny, but if anyone is actually serious when they say that is foolish, the blindsight would just be the detective mode x ray stuff. Toggle able, and you’d see the world normally otherwise. Just cause you’re playin as em doesn’t mean it needs to be his pov 100% of the time.   The law stuff would be fantastic, and there’s so many locales they could visit. Not only Hell’s Kitchen and the surrounding areas, but also get into hand stuff in Japan, Harlem stuff with luke cage, and maybe even do some west coast stuff. I think it would be better suited as a more linear level based game like uncharted than an open world.
6:36, 7:04  black trims
Don’t feel like playing a dlc rehash kiddy game 💤
Glad to see flint Marko, the Sandman we need some more classic Spider-Man villains
I like the part where he gave us pros and cons and some straight up gameplay.
About to be a kid this weekend, just like catching the 90s show on Fox Kids
Dont want to watch. Ive avoided seeing just about anything about this game. I know you wont have spoilers but i want to know absolutely nothing! So i decided to drop in give a like and some engagement to support in my absence. Peace
I purposely come to your before you buys because of how careful you are about spoilers. Thank you for your service
Anybody with a PS5 not buying this game?
What if we already buy when if it first got announced? 🤔
hey jake, wish you a speedy recovery mate, thanks for the honest reviews !
3:44 YESSS TASM2 suit
We out here now
Brought back MJ sections?  Not buying it
The only thing that would make this game perfect for me are supervillain events. Random encounters. Like If every supervillain had 3 - 4 random activities which would keep this game fresh in between missions.
I doubt I’ll ever use fast travel in game. Swinging around as Spider-man is half the fun. I love these games and I want it now
This is what I’ve been waiting for. I know Jake’s a huge fan of the first game so I wanted to hear his thoughts. I’ve seen ACG’s and SkillUp’s, and they’re fine, but Jake seems to be the one whose opinion and taste in games are closest to mine. Thanks to everyone at Gameranx for all your hard work. And to that one bird who always hangs around and plays video games somehow, given the lack of opposable thumbs.
Sad pc *noises*
Finally the goat posted!!! Come on now made us wait all day for this 🎉
Who’s not buying this lmao
Been looking forward to this
"Before you buy" lmao I bought this game the moment I could
Before you buy make sure you have a ps5 at least.
I CANNOT WAIT TO PLAY THIS GAME
Seems like a great performing single player game and decent super hero story masquerading in an unimaginative open world.  Insomniac should have cut the filler side mission content.
Personally glad they added parry, I felt that was missing from the first game
Can’t wait
Am I crazy or did I just saw a scene of a character that can go invisible walking in stealth
I chocked when I saw sandman, I didn’t know he was gonna be in it. Excited to get my hands on this
I wouldn't think twice when spending money on any spiderman game
can't wait for a pc release
I loved all the game from the last ones even mj part I can’t wait to see what happens in this one
After you buy
Being a fan of the first and miles moralis I bet this is gonna rule. Biggest thing I’m looking forward to on Friday
Probably gonna be alternating between the Bully Maguire(SM3 black suit) and Amazing Spider-Man 2 suits.
PEE PEE POO POO CHECK
Im gonna pass. The original was such a snooze fest
I'm so excited to play this one. Hard/spectacular mode ALWAYS. Get that true Spidey feel.
Thanks Jake for not giving up the tiny surprises. Great job ❤
is the tasm2 suit in the gane?
Finally, the important review.
I cant wait for this game!
Before you buy, wait for pc, forced console ray tracing in every mode is just horrible, especially fpr $70
Baby steps better than this dlc game for 70 dollars🤣
So disappointing. This game should have been a PSVR 2 game.
Can't wait to play this on PC in 2025 🥲
All these reviews and I can’t play it till Friday 😂
finished up all the trophies for the first game yesterday and going back through miles morales before launch
That's allot of web
So it's Spiderman....2.
I am so fucking HYPED
Jake lowkey sounds like Jeremy Allen white
Drop the spoilers
I like how the pizza’s on him
Just a quick one on the web wings ..... Steve Ditko would be proud!
Too late.
2023 making a mark in the history of gaming
fortunately it has already been bought but imma watch still
When you going to do a review of the robo cop demo on steam Jake?
hi
I already pre-ordered. I can't wait for this game!!
love  that he gave us some pros, some cons and some straight up gameplay
I'm excited to play it and i'm glad its a shorter game but at the same time, i can't justify paying £70 for a 16 to 30 hour game so i'll wait for a sale on this one
lol "substory..." Yakuza much? 😂😂
❤❤❤❤❤
No spoilers , *sees Flint Marco
Feel like youve been sick a lot hope your taking care of yourself man love the content
Hi Gameranx I love ur content so much just watching ur videos everyday makes my day better pls keep up the amazing content
Thank you for getting your sick butt out of bed. You are a Spider-Man fan through and though... so this is important. ✨️
Spoiler free my butt u just revealed Spider-Man 3 vemon suit
This game is incredible. It makes you feel like Spider Man. Insomniac did an outstanding job.
Hope you feel better Jake
Can’t waitt
Gameranx having the best review I’ve seen as usual
Without even watching this video I know it’s going to be a banger. I’m still gonna watch though cause these guys are the #1 spot for anything gaming
Go BUY. Don't have a PS5 Go BUY. This game is the reason you buy a console for "That Game"
Is ultimate actually difficult or is it easy like the first one
LETS GO TASM2 SUIT
Terribly disappointed they are staying in the same regions and reusing assets. Two Spider men and Kraven and Venom as villains huge kissed opportunity to spread the game out.
Wait it takes place a few months after miles morales but MJ looks 40 years old?
I'm really excited for this game. Also hope you get better jake.
if spider cat doesnt return then i aint buying it
Informative to say the least
I’ll be too busy saving New York to answer my phone for the next however long and however long after 🤭
I heard the exact opposite of what this review is saying. I heard it’s very emotional and less crazy besides the opening scene. 🤔
I will still get this game regardless but I still wanna see what gameranx have to say :)
Awesome video. Get well soon
Mj looking hot as fuck I hope she venom lol can’t wait to play this game
AggggrHHHH this has been the longest week ever!!
Can't watch I will make my own opinion about this game thank you
Missed opportunity for more enemy factions. Wished their were symbiote infected enemies, sandman like creatures and more super powered or regular prisoners outside the kraven minions
This before you buy should be..  Before you b.. never mind, go buy it!
“Before you buy” Bruh, I bought this over a month ago.
I can’t wait😮‍💨
The venom tobey suit 🔥
Marvel's spiderman was the first marvel game I’ve platinumed. I loved this game and can't wait to play the second one.
this is a after you preordered video for me
Can't believe the Mary Jane sections are back 🤨😑
W content, def gonna buy
This is the 1st time y'all put 2 faces in rhe thumbnail for a Before you buy video.
Miles Morales looks like Justin Fields
I don't care I will be buying
This game is too much….. too much open world.
Quick question, I really enjoyed the first Spiderman. But ended up skipping Miles Morales, now that this is out is it worth revisiting MIles Morales first or should I just jump back into it with this one?
Yay!!! I like your honest reviews. You guys are my go too for any game. Although, to be honest, I've already pre-ordered and preloaded so nothing can change my mind about playing the game. I love spiderman!😅  P.s Get well soon Jake, heard you weren't up to it recording this video.
Shout out to everyone who already preordered it. Game is going to be amazing. Definitely GoTY in my book
Lmao when you’re showing and talking about Petersburg rage meter he says Harry didn’t tell him it felt like this Harry is venom confirmed
Game of the year 🗿🤝🏻
My favorite was let’s fight crime but I already did what was available 😂😂
Oh no, Jake. You didn't use the "lOvE LetTer" card...
I'm so excited! It's going to be tough to wait for my collector's edition to show up before i can start playing.
If Bigwheel isn’t in this game it won’t be game of the year
💚🙌💚
Quit with the "love letter" description - it's insomniac doing what they do
Truly one of the games of all time.
Bully Maguire suit⚡️⚡️⚡️🤣
Insomniac never dissapoints. I hope they will make another Ratchet and Clank game aswell. R&C 3 was the first game I've ever played and still is one of my favorite franchises
Too late
same boring garbage nothing new
I should probly play the other 2 spiderman games lol befor I buy this one
is there still mj stealth missions?
Ill wait for a sale 😂 !!
I've been waiting for this game review since I saw other reviews coming out today. Looking forward to the game even more
Love when a new BYB drops cant wait to get FOMO and feel broke
Heheh
Anyone know if the dialogue changes depending on when you do the colectables, like Miles’s time casples?
The return of MJ missions has be sobbing
Insomniac always delivers amazing and polished experiences, they are really spoiling us, there are only a handful of studios that i can say that right now, sadly. Great review as always.
One of the few times where "before you buy" is a redundant statement in this channel lmao quality content as always 🔥
I preordered the physical version so excited to jump in
omg they added superman 64 rings
I might have to buy this game now, and the other two Spider-Man games cause I haven't even played those either. This looks fun.
The Raimi alien suit looks too good.
Too late, Gameranx! I already ordered it this morning.
Super excited for Spider-Man. First thing I wanna do is just web swing around the city. Loved just swinging around in the first game, and getting from place to place. Then seeing how fast, or how creative I could swing around. The two things I am most interested in are Venom, cause he is one of my favorites. Then I really wanna see what happened to Yuri after both of the previous game. She had a really interesting story and what I thought was justified, not right but understandable. I wanna see where that goes.
If Jake was completely taken over by the Venom symbiote he might go as far as to loosen the caps of countless salt and pepper shakers, maybe even ask for a free cup of water only to fill it up with soda at the machine and not even the diet one. He'd be a true monster with no chance of redemption.
I got it on Amazon 16% off on July. I really hope it arrives this Friday!
So its gorgeous, fun, and pretty much exactly what we expected? Sweet
I hate that you say this is spoiler free right after you spoil one of the villains in the game 😢
Will superhero fatigue affect the game
GOTY !!!!    Let's fucking gooooooo!!!!
Please tell me they got rid of the garbage MJ mission
People: We don't like the Mary Jane sections.  Insomniac: Here are some more Mary Jane sections!
I know this is a weird question but I made a bet on this is Staten Island in the game
Damn, in a year where everyone tried to clown Zelda for looking like dlc. This looks like dlc. It looks good, don't get me wrong and I'm excited, but it doesn't really look like anything has changed other than a flight suit. Sony is getting mighty repetitive.
They definitely took notes from og spiderman 2 with you being able to hold your web in one place and swing around forever.
Game reviewers still using the word “bombastic” incorrectly.
Important question, is Spider-cat in the game?  Will impact purchasing decision.
Hurting knowing I’m going to be away for a few days on launch day but man I CANNOT wait to dive head first into it when I get back. Game looks beautiful on so many levels.
Oh my fucking god, this miles morales character is so friggin annoying. I couldnt get past the 2hr mark in the previous one
I’m so annoyed I can’t preload it because I got the Spider-Man 2 ps5
Me broke this month 🗿
The power of SM2 in the palm of my hand.
Nice!
This is gonna be one of the most viewed “before you buy”’s. Calling it now
I need a ps5 first....😢
It would be awesome to play as Venom or Spider Gwen.
cant wait 🥺🥺🥺
I saw TASM 2 suit 👀
MJ looks like a totally different person. Those ten months between miles morales and this game must have been a lot
My brother is christ this would be the game of the year if only it came out on pc too
This review is better than  IGN's when they did their review I felt like I don't want to buy it but it's vice versa with gameranx
Don’t need to watch Before you buy on this one. This one and GOWR are the only exceptions for me. 👌🏾🔥
This is the video I have been waiting for, specifically for Jake to talk about. I refused to click any other video unless it was from Jake. I already pre ordered the game but I wanna hear it from the man himself!
Too late. Already bought it. Hope you feel better soon!
downloading right now cant wait
“As spoiler free as I can possibly make it” Right after he shows Flint Marko aka Sandman.
I already preordered the game but somehow managed to click on this video lmao
i guess ill be waiting  year or 2 to play this. no matter. got plenty of games on my list to keep me busy until then
PROS The best superhero video game narrative ever Outstanding traversal Improved, first-rate combat Marvelous characters and character development Symbiote suit is exactly what you hoped for CONS Some boss fights are a bit long Minor technical issues this gmae does not needs a before you buy, vidoes, it has a score of 95 already 12 points higher then StarFail
Props for showing of the black Raimi suit.
I can't even watch this video bro I want the least spoilers possible. But here's my view, my comment and my like! Laterz.
wonder if they'll still have that black lives matter mural after they've been exposed as a money laundering front and have been banned from operating in California
“Spider-Man 2” - After you buy 😏😌🫡   Love this channel!! So i’ll watch you guys regardless. 😅
your logo looks a little like a reversed Parti liberal du Quebec logo XD Keep getting confused when I see your videos pop up in the new youtube videos feed
This before I buy is a lil too late I already bought it 🤑
I don't know why but the small addition of the upsidedown Spidey in the corner of the thumbnail cracked me up.
Who narrated this!? Blake jaldeno???
I can't believe we are just days away, this has been a long 5 years.
Game of the year. Insomniac deserves it more than anyone
To me the video is more like „what to be excited for, while waiting for the pre order to unlock“
I appreciate the review.. but this is kind of a no Brainer
Thanks Jake, great video as always, and as spoiler free as you can 👍🏻
I,m so hyped
So cool!!!!
@3:34 - The TASM2 suit looks perfect
🍍 Swingers!
Time to wait for a sale 😪
YESSSSSSS IT IS TIME
too late i preorder it, even though i dont do that. this is my first preorder
Miles morales was the most boring game i ve played in the last 5 years or so. I forced myself to finish it. Hope this is much better
10 min group
GET BACK HERE SHOCKER!
Sony doesn't miss on the exclusives.
I already bought it what now 🧍🏻‍♂️
Is the suit roster disappointing or is  it great ?
will be my first Spider game, hype
Contrary to what Willem Dafoe's Green Goblin said I believe Spider-Man will be spinning many more webs in the years to come.
Not worth money for a 17 hour game
Game of the year. No doubt.
Too late, already bought
I predicted this months ago that it’s gonna feel like Ragnarok. Where, technically, it’s an incredibly well made and well crafted high quality game… but… it just doesn’t… FEEL like much of an upgrade.
I hope they took as many notes as possible from Spider-Man Web of Shadows because to this day, I still enjoy that game combat more than any other Spider-Man game that has ever been released.
Ready to inject this into my bloodstream watching the films on buildup
It's that SPIDER GUY! Coming to this after pre-ordered lol
LETS GOOOOOOO
can you replay the entire game as symbiote spiderman? i think that be rad
Me who bought the collector’s edition 😮😅
I'm way to broke to afford a Ps5 but to those who has the console and can play this Masterpiece when it releases, Enjoy it 💯👍
💚🎮
This year is absolutely insane for gaming.
Imagine insomniac decides to make a spider man 2099 game with a fully redesigned city. That would change things up enough for the next game. Same thing with rocksteady, a Batman beyond game would have been awesome for the next one
I bought the Digital Deluxe Edition over a month ago. I'm ready for release
W
Ngl im willing to buy someone a copy if they can tell me their favorite Spiderman Via movies
It's kinda the same thing all over again with the same characters we've seen many times in the movies. Feels like DLC.
Y’all gotta change the name to “After You Buy” because these videos are just confirmation i made the right choice 😂
Goty no doubt
I'll probably wait until this is on a complete edition for 30 bucks
Game of the year I think so I’m ready to start voting December 7th see you there Gameranx
Still don’t have a Ps5 but to all those that do, have fun/enjoy.
It has the exaggerated swagger of a webslinger
man you showed too much
4 mins ago wow my quickest time to get to a video
I'm much more excited for the villain line up in this one.
Thank you for this video and for your time and effort and for the knowledge and information and for the heads up
I was literally refreshing every few minutes waiting for your review. Thank you Gameranx crew, I really appreciate your content.
Im broke 😅
Honest Jake is here again.
gameranx getting better than last time
Preloading it currently! 2 Days and 21 Hours left for me to finally play this Masterpiece🔥🔥🔥 Man the Hype will be totally worth it💯💯💯
The vehicle qte looks crazy
I’m so excited for the new traversal options. Web wings seem awesome!!
THIS is the review ive been waiting for. Always the most accurate
My usual insta-click whenever I get a Gameranx notification. Love you guys so much.
How are you playing it already? I thought it’s coming out October 20?
I just hope there’s plenty of black teen swagger
0:18, that assassin creed dlc came out early huh?
1min = 100 comments dam ❤
It honestly does not look that good
Oh my god it’s here. My reaction was literally no words
Change the title to. Spider man 2 you should buy
And we're back! We are so back.
the fact that they made all suits only cosmetic now is insanely stupid
Best game so far🔥🔥🔥
🔥
Jake? Is that you?  You sound like a young teenager.
Looking forward
WHOOO!!!   Come on Friday!!!!
Spider-Man is back!
1 minute club
GAME OF THE YEAR 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
I already bought it, I’ll see what you think while it DLs though
this game will be so good
Its crazy how we got spider man 2 before gta 6
On embargo day, this is the review I've been waiting for.
i’m so ready for this to dropppp
Thank you Jake
this game gonna be game of the year ngl
Ngl I’ve already bought but im still here for the review regardless
Why you should buy* lol.
Great Review!  Always debate grabbing a PS for these games.
No fucking way dude
Wow… content🗿        But in all seriousness it’s awesome
Didn't this game come out like fifteen years ago?
I'll be watching this tonight. Can't wait to get this game. Love both games so far. This going to awesome
Ok now my actual comment I am gonna buy it I already preordered
10/10 would do again
Sup gameranx
Who else got a platinum trophy on the other Spider-Man games?  Edit: Yall are awesome!🙌🔥
FINALLY, i only really care about Your reviews
Get well soon Jake, flu season sucks
Early🙋‍♂️
This game is out already?   Fuck i need to take 50 more bucks out of my wallet this week
This game really makes you feel like Spidermen.
Haven’t finished it, but already know it’s as useful as a video can be!
If this game doesn’t tickle me the way the first did I’m going to corporate
I was crazy waiting for this video
I wish Oct. 20 would hurry up, I WANT TO PLAY THIS ALREADY 😑
Let’s gooo! Greetings from Honduras🇭🇳
i love watching else when i already bought the game 🤣
This will definitely be an exciting game of the year! 🙌💯🔥
How is there already a before you buy? I have a countdown 😢😢
Never clicked so fast on a before you buy video than this one. HYPE IS REAL 🔥🔥🔥
Yoooo love the videos
Heyo gamers
Never been this early to a ganeranx video yall like the comments. Up
Had to be first spider man is the best
i thought y’all didn’t have a code for a min 😅
Am first
Been waiting for you guys 💯
Babe, wake up. New before you buy dropped. 🔥
Already bought it. I am become spiderman 2
First
Hahahah I am second
Nah ima buy it
Insomniac the GOAT
Was wating for this 🔥
Literally logged onto YouTube just to see if y’all had one and this popped up just as I did haha. Y’all the dopest ✊🏿
I aaaaaam venoooooom
Yur
Was waiting for this
This game is going to make me forget my wife exists🎉🎉
I’m so excited
There are no negative things about this game
First
Great video
2
Already bought Jake💀🔥
Almost first!
Huh
I already bought it
THERE IT IS! The time has come!! Thank you for the work everyone!
Not first
First
Firsttttt
The only review ive been waiting for
Awesome vid!!!
Oh wow. LET'S GO!
FIRST!!!
👯‍♀️
too late
spider
First
First
Never first
First
Oh hell yes
already bought it
First
Bro I am first
insta clicked
Fianaly!!!
It’s pizza time.
I’ve literally been waiting all day for this!
Nice
Hello there Gamernax:)
1
