A E S T H E T I C
I am a banker starting a tech + finance channel and planning to buy an iMac for UPTO 4K editing and all the graphic work or anything  that comes with it Could you please suggest what’s better — 16GB or 24GB RAM, and 8+8 vs 10+10 CPU/GPU? Want it to be future-proof for 7–8 years. Thanks!  or should i go for a higher spec machine? ps I am taking an IMAC and do not prefer macbook or mini
the white bezels on the imac look so great, i dont know why so many people are against white bezels, I think they look great here on the imac, and on the old home button iphones
Is the room background real or did you use some kind of background generated image? Looks amazing
I like the chin.  Gives nice color that reflect the iMac design.  Good style.  Why make it look like a Dell when it's a Mac.  Why do so many reviewers complain about this design?
It makes me wish Ive stuck around for the M1 chip
It s just a oversized iPad with a key board and mouse and certainly no options for  creativity  and overpriced , the  2008  27 inch i7 was far  more utilitarian over this new fisher price toy!
Can this mac eork only with wifi? N no internet cable?
For aesthetic product, Apple just need to bring back the glowing apple logo. After 3 years of using a macbook air, damn, that thing look so cool when I open it
I don't mind the chin. It's kind of nice to see the color on the front
what are the decals for..cheers
i don't think you can compare this to imacs from the past, this computer is completely redesigned and being marketed to everyone, not professional video editors
Excellent presentation.
If you order the green imac, and upgrade to the numeric keypad. Is that green as well?
My opinion on the chin; If it didn't have the chin it would look too much like a monitor and now a computer.
Over a year later, andI still really dislike the design of this generation of iMac.
I will wait until it’s all type c to type c
Ditto to all comments before mine' ;)
great video, I usually have something nasty to say (in general - not just u) but your house / layout and everything about this was oddly satisfying.
They should have made the screen bigger and also carried the dark colour around to the front, as it is it's far too pastelly and girly looking. Powder green and powder blue. Yuk
NIce video
the imac chin good for sticky notes
Now this is what you call a review. Dave just nailed it.... Best ever
Like how your watch and jacket matches the color
As a replacement to the old Intel 21.5” iMac this thing is leagues ahead. Raw graphics performance may not be as high as some higher end discreet GPUs in the 27” iMac but this was never gonna be a replacement for that anyway. Also worth remembering there is some hardware acceleration for certain codecs which can take the strain off the GPU anyway.  This thing has been out for over a year now. It’s still incredible and for non-pro usage it’s a fantastic upgrade. Only just got mine and already I don’t notice the light bezels. I frequently use mine at night in the dark and they more or less blend into the rest of the chassis. During the day they aren’t bright enough to distract from the display.  From a design standpoint it’s leaps and bounds ahead of the previous model. The front pane of glass is now extended to cover the entire front creating a seamless feel with zero break in texture if you run your finger along the front or sides. The chin is fine as it is an accepted part of the modern iMac design by this point and it blows me away to think the entire computer resides within there. The lack of Apple logo at first made it stand out more but it is quickly forgotten. The display will be the focal point anyway.
I ended up buying the 24 iMac for photo editing. And the experience has been amazing. 10/10.
I have the green iMac as well. I would of liked red but I'm not buying pink. So green is other favorite color besides red. I've had it for 2 months now and overall it's a great computer and very fast indeed. However it doesn't have many features that I want that only Windows can do. #1. Gaming, over 95% of games are not on Mac and only on Windows or consoles. #2. Windows supports more file formats. #3. If a part fails in a Mac you'll have to pay Apple over $200 for a fix vs with Windows take it to bestbuy or do it yourself. #4. There's more freeware and software available for Windows. #5. The ARM format doesn't support many Windows files yet.
Let's see if this works.
I've had problems with videos loading. Youtube commercials seem to confuse Chrome. The first 6 months I had to call tech support many times for internet connection issues. Luckily I kept my 2012 imac so when I had internet issues I could try the old imac for comparison and it always connected fine. You also need a backup drive and extra usb ports right away so add that to the cost. 10 years later and the storage goes from 1T to 250G?
I like this review, and just getting it for school
I find the monitor sits too high and with a stand that is not adjustable that can be a problem. You can buy one with a Vesa mount and that is what I may do.
is the screen 4k
Y
I. Like. Lack bezels but I think white bezels look nice too. They’re too often demonized.
I can't get used they removed the Apple logo in the front.
I love iMac because it have white bezel display. Nowadays no iphone have white display. The last white display iPhone that i have is iphone 7. Miss the the white display. Even buying latest white iPhone don’t come with white display.
that chin is character, if you remove that then it just look like any other monitor in the market.
a time like now last year... is it still worth getting it.
How long does it take for Safari to get so clogged up that your computer is so slow that it is unworkable? 12 months? 24 months? No thanks Apple. I'll get a HP AIO that outperforms, outlooks, out-connects and outdoes the iMac in every meaningful way including offering real value for money.
Almost got one she's a beauty but not for the kinds of things I do still would love it for basic purposes
The most satisfying noise is the start logo with the fox on the gears! So pleasant!
For a moment, have a look at my house.
Lol, the apple mouse charger is still like the last generation of magic mouses. The meme is still alive.
Having energy efficiency in a desktop is just as important as a laptop because using too much energy would generate heat which can be a problem if the cooling is bad
Similar to MKBHD, I appreciate your attention to color and branding on your channel.
New imacs look like it was designed for kids who are learning digital art in color time class.
I wish they had an M1 Pro version, the green looks so nice
ips is good, oled dies faster, that might not matter in a phone, but it does in a desktop
Please. What screen is better in terms of color accuracy and brightness? The Imac 24" screen or the Dell U2720Q? Obviosuly I am deciding between an Imac vs Mac Mini + Dell U2720Q.  By the way, I already hava a 2014 macbook pro 15" that could benefit from the Dell monitor
Ms Pleb here.  I WANT ONE 😅 Thanks for your review.  I love the colour, that will probably be my choice later this year when I can purchase.
Am I the only one that gets the vibe that Dave is clowning on Apple and their logos 😂
Lordy these cyborgs that are wrapped up in color and micro-radius's on the edge of squares....this is clearly an example of a lack of actual life leading towards sterilization of our species
8:33 you'd not be able to make it so thin if you didn't use the lower heat architecture. That is the cost of the aesthetics.
3:07 the thought of yellow instead of that green color = 🤢
that iMac looks terrible in that small space bro lol
the green one is the worst colour lol I got the blue don't understand people looks like shit
What about for recording music ...logic ?
1. those white bezels are ugly 2. Why no number pad on the keyboard?
Great review. Have you had any problems with the "memory leak" issue people are recognizing? I set up my brand new shiny 24 inch iMac with 16 gig memory and from the get-go it was in operable. Multiple tech-support calls involved running first aid, reinstalling the OS and it still crashes because apps are using way! Too much memory. Ultimately I sent it back to Apple for a replacement. I am learning from researching online many people are having this issue. As a diehard lifelong Apple fan, I am really disappointed and disillusioned. Especially the Apple is not recognizing the issue or offering a fix.
Odd…IPS used to be preferred by photo editors because you want everything to look the same regardless of the viewing angle….so oled screens are better then
So..... I just upgraded to the mid-level green iMac and also bought the 12.9 iPad pro with the magic keyboard at the same time, I just upgraded from a 4-year-old Lenovo laptop that barely turns on. I feel like I just upgraded from Appollo 13 to the USS Enterprise.... Not the first one, Enterprise E.... and I am the average person and the common work flow haha
Well done!  I'm a developer (I use Xamerin/Xcode for IOS and Android apps) and currently I'm doing my work on a M1 MacBook Air.  It does very well!  I have a 27" 2014 iMac that I do a lot of work on as well and run Parallels with Windows 11 for my windows work.  The one thing keeping me from pulling the trigger on the new M1 iMac is the size (24") and the inability to run windows via Parallels.  But I really love the iMac form factor and the price.  hmmm...  thanks for the review
I have the pink & red one
I am amazed and entertained by how stupid humans are when it comes to consumerism
10:01
It is nice piece of hardware..very styllish.
I have just bought an iMac with m1 last week, 8 core GPU and 8GB Ram. It runs terribly bad in Lightroom and Photoshop. Lightroom alone makes it reach its 8gb ram limit, having the memory pressure on red alert almost constantly. It is not reliable at all and it takes around 10 seconds to skip between 2 edited RAW photos from my Sony a7c. After working on a photo with 5 adjustment layers in Photoshop, adding one more adjustment curve layer and making changes in the curve takes forever.  Video editing isn't really my thing yet, so I have't tried it, but I doubt it would be anyway better. It is funny how none of these reviewers never touch on this subject... We do live in horribly egoistic times fuelled only by personal gain and misleading advices.
Great video! 👍🏼  Actually, those are thunderbolt 3 (not 4). Right?
I have to have a Magic Mouse, I’ve never found anything better to use in Adobe apps. I do have a pc mouse tho for Minecraft tho.
i dont understand why people would want black bezels on this??? all the peripherals are white i'd be annoyed by black out of nowhere
Are we just going to gloss over the fact that he has an amazing house? Damn, that interior design is top-notch!
I love how this guy is not a Apple Fanboy and respects other operating systems.
Apple is still going to release a 27 inch M1 for Pros and I think they are probably going to have black bezels
I just need to take a moment and mention something I don't think Dave gets enough credit for: I just love that he wastes no time getting to the point of his videos. In a time when it feels like 80% of video content is wasting my time, this is one of the few channels where that never happens. Thank you and keep up the amazing work!
Dave, your videos and contents are amazing but I am dying to know how you did this interior design concrete panels style. Could you tell us what you used or, better, could you a video on it ? ☺️🙏🏻
I thought your discussion of this iMac’s design as a part of home design (kitchen, etc.) was both clever and subtle. Added to "work from home", hmm…
i love your review videos! best ones I've came across.
Dave is cute
Hey Mate, I'm considering buying a new PC for my office. Value for money which one would you recommend between this imac or Dell optiplex 7780?
You're cute. I love how you used the word Pleb. that's a new one for me! haha
Apple: Just shut up 🤫
At 11.5mm thin and 4.5 kilos, I think we can call it portable as well. I know I'll move it around between studio for presentations and home for work more often than not.
The chin is nice
After seeing it in your home I can see why they designed it that way, didn't like it at first but if you had an all white one for example in a minimalist house it would fit right in.
Do people actually have iMacs in their living rooms and kitchens? Do they buy one for each room in their house?
Dave, you should use some hand cream, your hands look so dry. Probably from alcohol and hand sanitizers ✌️
Youtube: "So Dave2D, is the new iMac better or is it worse?" Dave2D: "Yes."
2:30 wallpaper pls!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Apple still haven't upgraded the Magic Mouse. Worst design ever known to man. You can't use the mouse whilst its charging
Out of so many reviews I watched on YouTube this is the very best one yet thank you
I wonder how good this iMac can run cities skylines on
Style at the expense of function. Apple was about design which is all about function.
If they had a 16gb I would probably have purchased one.
i bought an apple today and it tastes great... 🤣
It looks like a plate of oatmeal. 🤮
why would anyone have a god damn computer in the kitchen? :D
If they are going to make the stand a part of it, why not put the computer parts in the stand and make the chin a zero?  I would prefer a slightly thicker stand than a huge chin.
i agree dave its very different so glad to see a 2011 design in 2021
Apple is growing its "energy usage : power" efficiency by tons each year, This is just the first generation of the M1 chip, when we get M3s and M4s and AMD releases faster zen architectures , I am sure intel will have a problem in their hands...
Appreciate the captions!
When Dave said, “And then, out of curiosity! I bought this………” at 3:00  Me: *sigh enviously*
I wish you could buy the iMac without the included KB/mouse. I already have a Logitech MX Master and K780 that I'm very use to and wouldn't easily swap out for anything. Looking at how much replacements of the original Apple peripherals cost I'd prefer not to be forced to buy them when I'd never use them.
Did he just convince me that I like white bezel and it looks better? cause he just did
Hoping M1X or M2 or whatever gives me 32GB or 64GB memory. 16GB is such a buzzkill for developers.
The ambiguous dance aditionally try because hook bizarrely educate barring a cloistered plot. clever, combative spruce
All those apple stickers and the white bezel are something you can contemplate and meditate over when the unified memory and SSD fails one week after the warranty runs out - turning it into a brick.
The measly space natively trap because zipper totally afford over a talented quart. irritating, thinkable mary
Dave talked more about iMac aesthetics, rather than whats the M1 chip is capable of!! Pathetic review!!!
"This is for the plebes." That was funny right there, I don't care who you are or where you're from!! Lol!!!
Dave wanna keep his place aesthetically clean he only wore socks 0:31
You’re  the first one to mention how flimsy this is, thanks for noticing it, still waiting for mine (silver)
I prefer the black bezels on all my devices because it all blends when the screen is off.
why is white beszels even an argument, if u dont like em just put black tape around them
Enough experienced, huh??
Someone's doing well for themselves, christ xD
Giant iPad with a stand
Appreciate your honesty on the performance. Great video.
very good point.
The touch id in the Magic Keyboard looks like if they removed it from the old iPhones and put it in a keyboard.
the white bezel is stupid and ugly af !!
Enjoyed this video, thank you!!!! Follow up question, from tech newbie: if you were going into software development but not gaming; would you go for the 2020 27" iMac or the 2021 24" M1 iMac? I already have a 13" MacBook Pro. I appreciate any feedback or insight that's shared. Have a wonderful day!
I hate how Apple portrays use of their products in their ads, it's always looking way too clean and the people seem so unreal, they always make me super uncomfortable lol
I really like this since I am working from home i want to use it  ... but once in a week i do visit my office so can't take it along with me as its not a laptop. So i was thinking to use Onedrive to put all my work stuff there so whenever i visit my office i can use my windows laptop and access the documents from OneDrive which i used in my mac. Its mainly excel and Word docs.  In your experience which is a better option?
I have an macbook pro, ipad air, I don’t need either for work soooo why do I want this one?
I agree with you ... i hate Televisions because of its black vessel it looks  ugly on any corner of my place... white is my favourite to.👍o
This is a so much Apple product
I never liked the Apple keyboard, mouse, or the magic pad.
But all of this pales in comparison to the real star of the show, the color matched apple stickers, right? Those are very important
Dave you're the best reviewer man. You see stuff no one else is talking about. I got the base model iMac,  so without the touch id on the keyboard, and man it's a pain. It's so easy to press down the lock button by accident it is so annoying. It's also the one key that you can't change in shortcuts so rip. hahahah
Love the color pallet of your outfit.
I like the green and purple one so I am undecided if I should get the desktop or maybe wait for the MacBook Air. Since people are saying that the Macbook Air is going to be in colors too.
4:17 Dave I love u man but you gotta get some hand cream
I thought MACs were the graphic interface epitome.  Can't manage screen icons, can't push windows to the back of a stack, can't mouse over to focus a window. I can't believe fvwm2 on my linux box is more functional than this. To run python3 you need to install Xcode? (Python 2,7 runs out-of-the-box!) Xcode is a 12 hour install? I don't care how thin the thing is. You could have an optical drive if it was thicker. The bezel color is a non issue. No USB-A? The keyboard is magic if you can manage to type on it. The mouse is highly sensitive to lift to reposition landing (the buttons click). And the wheel replacement scheme causes the screen to move around in odd unintended ways. But somehow I'm liking it. There are fixes for a lot of this if you want to spend some extra cash and install some code fixes. The video is beautiful. The sound is good but you can't really crank it up. I wish I got the 16G for code development. I hope the M1X or M2 or whatever it's going to be called will fix a lot of this. It really needs to be more professionally oriented and don't worry about the fung schwai so much.
I want to buy iMac for Audio & Video Editing  Could you please suggest me which is best one ??  M1 iMac or iMac 27" ??
A machine for fashion victims that only do web, office, and light image processing. A secretary PC.  Mac at its best. :P
daaaaang your house looks nice
very Morgan interior style.
The bezels is too thick
Everyone goes on about the chin. In don’t want it just looking like another monitor
The unadvised medicine encouragingly divide because halibut significantly choke without a disastrous veterinarian. defeated, alcoholic stove
The unbecoming news normally blot because anteater early squash since a opposite butter. electric, spiritual alphabet
It is a beautiful device but nor for me.  Unlike you I love the magic mouse (fantastic with gestures) but hate the keyboard. These things are supposed to be functional!  Disagree about the speakers, they are inferior to my old iMac 27" 2011, and just too hyped (as usual).  Once you are forced, out of practicality to the middle model to get extra ports, add 8Gb RAM and 512Gb SSD, the price of the "consumer" model is way into Pro territory without being Pro.  So PASS! Where is that large iMac Apple promised? I need new gear!
The vivacious bomber increasingly yell because gore-tex regularly thank versus a kind football. political, crabby law
Also next time please make an video on how much did apple pay you for making the video
ugly
Wow, it only covers 91% of AdobeRGB and Jonathan made a big deal of it having better monitor than most of the competition.
Luckily Apple included power brick 🤣
Which watch are you wearing dude?
Hi M1 🟩🖥️📦💌🎁🙏🙏🙏y i love you 🙏🙏🙏🛐🛐🛐
I won’t pretend aesthetics are not important.  But when a reviewer spends the first five minutes mentioning how color coordinated everything is, forget it
So: We are 4 minutes into this review and he's still ratting on about how it looks. When do we get to a reviews of it's functionality... blah blah blah...
I only recently started watching your videos and so far every single video that I've watched has been excellent. 👍
Apple color matched 10$ worth of accesroies and those tech youtubers loosing their minds….it’s very easy to please them
Hi, I'm Dave2D, and I have my mic volume a lot higher than the last video you just watched. (Still a good video).
Great review...I feel like the song Virtual Insanity by Jamiroquai is gonna come on soon
I like your watch. Makes me remember my teenage days 😉
Thus looks ugly. Especially chin. I thought it was speaker.
I collect Apple stickers  I will buy this iMac just to get the stickers Anyone want the iMac once I get the stickers?
try comparing it to huawei's newest monitor?
"it ain't that kind of device"... amen!
Hey I got a question about charger of the newest iMac, will the power brick from the top iMac with the LAN port work on the iMac without LAN port, as an overtime upgrade, will it be possible to use the lan port on the cheap iMac?
I say the Apple iMac M1 is a bad product, because the ram memory cannot be expanded, nor can the internal disk be expanded, there is no USB, it is a delay rather than an advance. Apple has a minimum of more than six years before its processors are perfected
Damn this guy knows his stuff
He just wanted to show us his nice kitchen 😂
Hey Dave just a question, do you have OCD? Because everything is so organized in your room that it got me wondering if you actually had OCD. Great content as always!! :D
Hi  guys I like this PC that's my adresse NO 495 SECT 03 LOT RYAD OLD MTAA TEMARA CODE POSTAL:12000
Why are the colors on your stuff that important? Honest question! If others can answer it, it would be amazing.
by order of the f*cking peaky blinders.
not rgb...not interested
Desk at the bottom of the staircase is a crazy idea!
i've been using my iMac for more than 2 weeks and I LOVE the white bezels...
Hate the rounded corners in the keyboard.
I want to buy for video editing!  Can you suggest me which one is best for video editing? Macbook Air / Imac / Mac Mini?  All models are with m1 chip.  I am confused to choose the right one. ☹️
The hot huge comb intuitively intend because scraper intraspecifically crash afore a petite heaven. supreme, high-pitched feather
Got a mini heart attack when he opened the box upright lol
I dont know how high ur tastes are Dave.. but i wudnt buy expensive computer just to sit in the kitchen..
Ah yes, my wallet begs for color matching
Back looks better than the front. Front looks like a toy
I think it looks great and will be great for what I need, I was gonna get one, but decided to wait and see if they announce a Pro version on Tuesday
This room looks like the flash tv show's barry allen's time computer room 🤔
Not sure if that background is green screen or your actual basement 😅
@Dave2D How did you get the energy on load to be 51W? Do you have some watt meter on the wall to measure this? Also, what is "Load" here?
Does anyone know what iphone dave use as daily driver?
iMac with the M2 and 8 cores and 2tb SSD and well be talking..
Without the ch8n it’s just a screen man... the. You wouldn’t be able to tell an iMac from any old monitor.
Apple should have brought back Bondi Blue for the new iMac.
Can I connect an extra more monitor with the iMac M1?
Really perefectly done video brother dave
unbox therapy????
Green is the cutest
Hey, Dave!  I enjoyed this video.  Here are two quick thoughts I had while watching.  As for the "chin", I've never had a problem with the chin on an iMac.  Having the chin identifies the machine as an iMac and not simply some kind of display (only).  If, in the future, Apple creates an iMac without a chin, I don't think I'll be sad, but for now I like it.  The only thing that puzzles me is why didn't Apple put the logo on the chin (in addition to the back).  That's something that makes me sad!  Second, I don't have a problem with those rounded corner keys on the keyboard.  Just my opinion.  Thanks again for a great video!
Even your watch(band)  is color-matched with the machine.
So summing up, Apple continues its now decades long tradition of making the iMac's capabilities equal to a large iPhone rather than using the more powerful, upgradable capabilities that a desk top should have. Thanks Apple.  p.s. You didn't mention that unlike the Intel Macs, the M1s do not allow you to add additional ram yourself; you have to buy it thru Apple at their ridiculously inflated prices.
This is why I would wait for the 24" iMac to get the M1X SoC, which may be available by early 2022. With 16 GPU cores and (likely) 8 high-performance CPU cores, such an upgrade iMac would be much faster and could do much more serious multimedia editing work.
HI DAVE! I ENJOY YOUR YOUTUBE! THANK YOU!   LOVE, JOHN PAUL! <3
i hate the magic mouse too much
If the chin disappears it will just look like any other monitor, losing its identity.
Thanks. Getting the green to match my iPhone Mini and iPad Air! Love it! I will say that your comparison at the end was not fair though. These are the 24 inch entry level models and you were comparing it to a top of the line 27 inch Intel iMac. Wait until the new 30 inch iMacs with the M1X come out, it will trounce the older iMac in everything including GPU performance.
the old imac was the best. black and silver and when its turned off the bezels are not obvious. as an interior designer im so annoyed by this. what is happening in apple they are getting shitter. i will just buy samsung serif tv or xiaomi monitors gosh this is so annoying! the 90's colorful apple monitor is the tackiest
T R A S H  too much visual clutter
I‘m holding a Smartisan R2 White and it's great.
STO STOP STOP STOP STOP THE BEZELZ
can anyone really hear me pls stop with the stupid bezels
NO NO NO NO NO NO stupid stop with the ass the bezels
unfixable m1 exploit lol
Have!
Yes, Dave has white bezels even on his kitchen cabinets and they're beautiful! I understand apple wanted it to disapear into a white world of most walls! Great review, many thanks for detailing it out! We needed a bit of anti-Apocalyptic bling for our own neural net recovery program
Good review but you really sound like a biased "fan boy" on an adrenaline high!!!
Dave, your thumbnails are great!
Kitchen tour please 🥺👉🏿👈🏿
How is Apple supposed to be all about function and design and they still can’t move the charge port on the mouse so you can use it while you’re charging it ?????
Na i think it is ugly
Hi Dave.Are you anyway related to Dave Lee? Also what's your opinion on dogecoin? Also please start a crypto-series if videos.plzz.🙏🙏
apple once again made themselves look silly
It's impossible to look at the screen without seeing the frame, chin and colour. I don't understand how anyone could use this daily; it is migraine-inducing.
Hey Dave, could you tell me your watch model please? @
I think that is a super awesome update here for all but this is very high price product
Dave bro u okay? eyes are red 👀 0:11
At 51 watts you could run that off a battery for ages!
That M1 iMac is for the average user, looking for a capable desktop system for home or office, to  consume media, do office work and entertainment. It is definetly not for someone looking for a Graphics Design, CAD or 3D computer Modeling or heavy data processing work. The model to fulfill those pro requirements is yet to come.
Finally, a reviewer who understands the design of the new iMac.
The trackpad is included?
The table placement is great in here!
How are you comparing the high end 27 inch to the low end 24 inch.  Come on man, compare like to like. Compare this to last years low end iMac
Why do people love Apple stickers. Where do they stick it
So refreshing to hear someone that likes the white bezels. I think they look really good with the color options of the iMac, better than black bezels would have done. Great video!
FIRST WORLD WHITE BEZEL PROBLEMS !  (the lack of appreciation for such issues is enough to make me scream as I throw yet another $3k aesthetically insufficient Apple computer in the trash that is not conducive to the formal boundaries I have imagined for my live/kitchen/work space) Holy F!
Great video Dave, You're probably right that it is designed to be a versatile machine that fits into any home decor. I feel that the extra bezel space/chin at the bottom is perfect for sticking post-it notes.
Apple has the best unboxing experience
I can't imagine my life without those Apple stickers :)
*waiting for someone to promote dbrand skins to cover that white bezel*
Dude, get a table
Holy sh1t what a boring muppet going on about f**king bezels for hours. never wathcing this channel again
The talented beet customarily paint because pen unusually advise behind a thoughtless swim. far, screeching trial
Whose the dave2d, they have been talking about that bullying lee macm...until she cimmited suice
I read a review that compares this machine to apples ipad with a huge screen . good review thanks much.
Mac mini all the way
Can already tell that Apple is going to continue pissing us off with the lack of I/O...NOT all devices have switched over to USB-C/Thunderbolt...the fuh, Apple?!! printers/scanners/etc.??? Hopefully the MBPs are going to take a turn for the better later in the year.
Watch an M1 iMac Pro coming out soon (just a joke, I have no idea or insider knowledge)
Why would anyone not just buy a MacBook and dock it?  There’s literally no benefit to the “desktop” offering
Great job in the new studio. Congratulations
THey should do an allb black beast version of this dual M1
Really … the performance is fine. For the vast vast majority of users … its overpowered.
WOnder if the sound is worse vs the old models, those had big housing which kinda act like a box and makes the sound resonate.
Really bad spot for a computer. The distance to display i just wrong and bad. Perhaps for really short periods, nut i wouldnt not waste a machine in that location lol
Did you just wear that shirt and jacket because it matches the imac. Be honest.
that is a cool design it's like a giant ipad on a stand (side view)
It would have been cool to explain what cinebench scores mean. and for people that aren't up on all the tech what fps is.
why isnt this iColorMatched, then they can keep the normal version iMac
WTF my last iMac was the 2009 model, weighed a brick or a couple of them. He moved that thing like it hardly weighs anything. Thats nice, you dont move it that often ofcourse. But the older models were so bulky and heavy. Still dont like these washed out colors
You sitting on a chair looks better vs the standing. Also the angle of the camera is better
Apple’s packaging is unreal
Do you recommend it for Adobe users? Particularly for 4K video editing through premiere pro, and for motion graphics creation and similar, via after effects?
The Magic Mouse is the worst Apple product ever made.
Has anyone run Blackmagic Disk Speed tests on external SSDs yet? Does the M1 iMac throttle Thunderbolt/USB I/O speeds like the other M1 machines, or has this been addressed?
5:25 Look! It's Dillon Francis from Dancing Queen!
Dude, Bezel white color is horrible for photographers and filmmakers. I hope the PRO versions coming soon will have a dark bezel otherwise I'll be masking that with dark tape. I don't need it to look good. sigh
Amazing video!
I just want to say:  FUCK APPLE
I love the new studio
Does anyone know which watch Dave is wearing in this video?
Seems like this was flimed in 30fps rather than the usual 24?
Since you asked for public opinion on your new studio; I feel this particular arrangement works best. The ones where you are standing just feels unsettling to me (though a few more inserts might have helped)
I see that color-matched square G-Shock.
I think this product is for every day people. If my mom or someone ask for a decent computer for the home, this is going to be the one I recommend. Looks nice, works nice, plays nice. Something you can put in your living areas. The family computer.   For professionals, depending on the work load, this probably isn't it. However for some work flows this will be great. For instance I do IT which I can do remotely and it's mostly web based. I could put this in an office, work on it all day, and then when I'm done my kids could hop on and watch youtube, do home work, play some games.  It's also a decent, probably above most peoples home PCs, for zoom/webex meetings without having to worry about external cameras and headsets and all that.  I feel like this is going to end up being the gold standard for the every day family/small business/educational computer.
like ur watch!
I love that you used the metric system!
"accoutrement" - learnt a new word today. Thanks, Dave!
How much does the foot cost now? 1500$?
It matches the pool water, "insanely cool!" (S.Jobs).
Magnetic connection, interesting!
My late maternal, Irish grandmother had all yellow kitchen appliances, this iMac would have fit in perfectly! Which size screen?
The white is a good aesthetic!
If I win the lottery, I'm buying all the colors! High-end! Larger screen. I prefer orange!
For a “design” focused company how Apple can’t address the function issue of adjustable height is laughable.
It's amazing how Apple still has the charger on the bottom of the mouse so you can't use it while charging. #genius  I really don't care about how amazing M1 is, how pretty the visuals are and how fun the OS is at this point, having a SSD failure and the subsequent repair process on an iMac is just plain retarded when compared to the same process on a home built desktop.
for some reason it reminds me of the old iMac G4 and G5.
This new iMac is so nice
The fact that the magic mouse charger port is still on the bottom is a total slap in the face.
How did you swap the black bezel on the iPhone SEeeeeeeeeee??!
8 minutes into a 10.5 minute "review" and you are still talking about the color and shape. SMH.
i built your house lol
Aesthetically Sexual
Socks should be blue.
NGL I really don't like the new studio. It's so boring. At least the previous setup didn't make me feel alone. And I'm an introvert.
M1 is great for me i do coding and open 6-9 apps together I actually like this iMac
很喜欢大卫的视频,不过我还不知道你是哪国人? i like dave's video so much, but i do not know dave from
Finally, a reviewer that appreciates the white bezels. I was never a fan of white bezels until i saw this iMac and how it definitely looks a lot better in a living-room/kitchen space instead of an office.
Can you connect any laptop to use it as a monitor?
Why can’t we get black AirPods, lightning cables & bricks?
The quixotic square longitudinally offend because shield compatibly start around a deadpan forest. weak, thick bed
But its so pretty.
@Dave2D which mic are you using? Nice review btw!
We plebs bow to your patrician smarts ( dude )
@5:30 "Viewing angles are limited with IPS..." guy is talking out of his ass
This time the iMac follows form over function .. ports ..?? Apple ?? Already not holding my breath for the 27" or will it be 30..
When an M1X chip arrives, I hope it can be an option for these
May I know the exact model of his G-shock? Looks super cool.
The thirsty answer normally bang because jennifer extremely travel but a animated fertilizer. alluring, sore salad
The wrathful substance hepatosplenomegaly heal because net antenatally expand athwart a deafening beat. superb, early linda
Instead of making bottom bezel thick they should have go for making a bit thicker in the back bottom width in order to install all the internal components, this front look is really kind of disappointing. (it's really isn't a good idea of making this look).
i thought i was the only one who was bothered by the chin
this man move his hand too much :D
The chin is there so the iMac can achieve the thin profile. If Apple moved the speakers and logic board to behind the display, it wouldnt be as thin anymore.
Now, I am starting to think that a 100% times apple cue the tech reviewers with their standard pointers to talk about. Same points taken, raised and discussed in exact same manner everywhere.  Like you have been told over and over again that this is a "THIS KIND OF DEVICE".
Think using an rtx 3080/3090 egpu via thunderbolt and increasing the ram to 128 gb if possible  Dammmmnnnnnn
Excellent review as always! Weird question, where did you buy your pants? I like the color.
So unlike the old imacs when you accidently knock it off a desk which it looks very slidey it will fall and break not be saved by the secured cable.
Your new studio luks too boring. 🥲
Nice house by the way, Dave!
I just want an iMac Pro 🥲
The 21.5” iMac has never been great - this is its replacement, not a replacement for the 27”
Why do you compare the iMac 24 to the 27?? It’s replacing the 21.
Finally someone mentioned the apple stickers
Let's be clear. All colors of the new iMac are crappy af. Tomorrow they will again 'reinvent the wheel' by introducing matte black. Amazing!.... :-|
I'm so anxious that he's gonna knock the computer off the edge of that desk 🙃
Dave, please keep this way of presenting (the sitting arrangement). It feels more personal and friendly.
Could have been better and look more modern if iMac has less or no bezel
Apple... Fuck Apple
the imac colour is actually match your jacket and t shirt ... very nice
Evergreen and mint. Yuk. While Bezels Horrible.
Impressed with your presentation.  First reviewer that I have seen other that Marquise Brownlee that made the review easy to watch, easy to follow without out the unnecessary hand movement and over excited voice.  You are now on my follow list.
I just don't want to buy a computer because it matches my decor. It's just not what I look for ever.
The clear dance antenatally fence because brace spectroscopically groan underneath a serious clave. lively, happy taxicab
As usual... your review are packed with good information and comparison with various tech from Mac... I actually watched from start to end :-)
So I wonder where the line will be drawn separating tablet and computer since now both their desktops, laptops, and pro tablets are running the same processor?  With no expandability and with the iMac, it just looks like a tablet on a stand. Absolute planned obsolescence at best.
Apple finally found a way to make a Chromebook/PC for under $100.00. iJust  said it great for looking up recipes. Hello Dell... with plenty of Ports.
where is the link to that casio g shock review . you have multiple ones
Blink twice if you're okay. You aren't held captive, are you? 🙌
The colour is horrible and why there is a huge chin at the bottom??
This looks ugly from the front. That's it. One thing, and it broke the deal for me.
You are so great, I just love your reviews.
Who on Earth uses a $1000+ machine in a kitchen...holy smokes! Imagine spilling water and then Apple asks you to buy another one, no way!
Okay so the ethernet jack on the PSU is, to me at least, a very bad idea since you'll have that brick on the ground behind your desk
Old monitor.. old camera.. old finger print... pay extra for: old Network connection, card box, colors etc. Slow computer... match it's an Apple done.
It can't be for plebs and start from $1,299😂
Wow that Apple logo is going to look great stuck on the back of the monitor when it’s up against the wall 🤣
How cool would it have been if the iMac color-matched box handle was an Apple Watch band?
I want a MacBook in that green color but with that darker tint from the back on the top of the laptop und the rest in pastel green, white bezel 😍
Finally the camera angle is perpendicular to the room!!!!!!
I like your watch Dave. What is it?
Ew that CHIN. I can't believe they put out a massive chin like that in the year 2021. Should be nearly bezeless.
Once you go black ....you never go back 😁
Bro which g shock is that? Fresh
ive never met a single person who enjoy that shit mouse and keyboard, lol
Nobody cares about the colour.  Performance, repairability, upgradability, total ownership cost, even ability to mine bitcoin ... 4 min in still going on about the stupid colour!
Hi Dave,  I see that you turn at 5:38, blink twice if you need me to come save you.
Im happy that you now have those pre-animations before the YT video.
One word: Ugly!
I really like your watch  Let me know which one is?  Could you share link for purchasing
Dropped a like simply for that “This is for the plebs” comment hahahaha I actually really want one of these, but the fact it’s just a MacBook Pro with a screen and a couple extra ports is the reason I just built a Hackintosh with a 6900XT instead. If they would have at least allowed external GPUs I would have bought it. Owell, I’ll just wait for the M1X next year.
How can this be?  Dave2D gave us a thorough introduction  in an engaging manner and yet.... I never heard him utter the words, “fantastic” or “awesome” or “amazing”!   Thank you for a credible drama-free, no faux exuberance overview.
Dave, really like your reviews.
It's Beautiful.. and I hate apple products! But wow.. that's beautiful.
but why did you get directly to the accessories my dude? feels forced.
Particularly good review, really enjoyed😊
You said it has an anti reflective coating one the screen but mkbhd said its super glossy lol
8 f*cking minutes talking about the desing and the damn box. 1 minute dedicated to the technical aspects which only shows the apple's benchmark. Apple fanboys are something else.  It is pretty. I'll give you that.
TBH, I have a couple of 27" iMac's that are 3 and 5 years old.  The most I do on them, is scan Photo's, and watch YT videos. My concern, is that there is a trend of removing Ports and Slots for Periphals on newer machines that I may want to use in the future.
This video is very fitting for an apple product. 80% of the time is yapping away about esthetics, then a wee bit about specs and the bit the yearly apple mass skips over by admitting it basically didn't improve. Feel kinda sad so many people are happy with just the pretty colours...
I prefer the 2019 imac than this new imac but the disign its horrible
Where can I buy those lightning cables? 🤨
I just got the 27” iMac with the i7 chip and I’m loving it !   I’ve got 40gb of ram and could take it all to 128gb.   I do really like the fact that the m1 runs all the iPhone and iPad apps though 😞 Sigh.....
u lost me when u said the most important are the color matched stickers. assholes, what has happened to you paid reviewers?
Its a bit of an unfair comparison to draw from the new 24" (which is replacing the 21") to the 27" of last generation IMO, it is not trying to replace that device, wait and see how the 29"(speculative screen size) apple silicon before trying to compare to the 27"
He really needs to do something about the table situation because that looks uncomfortable
Nice video! Which model do you use or prefer for an average user (no video editing etc). The one with 8GB or 16GB RAM?
Comparing it to the 27" inch model is not a fair comparison. The 24" model replaces the old 21" inch which had way lower performance both in CPU and GPU.
It looks good - like an iPad on a stand .. with a chin.   Not sure who whom this computer is meant for though. For my work - which is writing and a bit of graphic design - i use a Cintiq which seems much more adapted to productivity than this one is. It seems suitable for a teenager i guess.
Honestly these colors are so ugly
As a professional photographer, having to make color corrections to images I must say that the white bezel is a huge absurdity…
Keyboard still has no backlight.
prefer the original colour......look more exclusive
It's not a question of white or black bezzels, If you are going to colorwave then the bezzles should be the same color
Always enjoy listening to what you say.
I see iSheep, you see iSheep, we all see iSheep.
The white bezels are perfect when it's in the right room. It looks great in that stone room
The ugliest computer ever, it's such a same :(
A blueish-green iMac. Hm. I haven't seen one of those since '98, although it was... a bit thicker and egg-shaped.  The iMac in this color is definitely the spiritual successor to the Bondi iMac.
Loved the review. Still makes me think of the Jomez Pro video with that outro music theme.
nope nope. try another style. table was better
God damn it's ugly. The chin had to dissappear a long time ago. I like the power plug design, but proprietary power plugs are never a good thing. At least the screen and software are good. The magic mouse is horrible. The sensor is meh, the switches are mushy and the charging port is on the fucking bottom. The keyboard feels decent IMO, but the design is just uncomfortable and bad, without writrest and with rounded corners. . The trackpad is really nice.
This is a replacement for the 21” iMac, the performance is brilliant. Anyone who wants more just needs to wait for the 27” iMac replacement.
It is crazy how you can feel that Jony Ive have left the boat... Seriously, do you remember the time when every Apple product was undeniably beautiful & timeless? Now you have this UGLY tchin bottom bar, you have an ugly top bar on iphones, huge bezels on new computers, and so on.
You're sitting!
D2D back to the table , honestly TABLE IT IS!!! :-J
I need an all black.
i don't know which planet is this. does anybody knows?
Apple is now at the juncture where the computer chip has plateaued in its technological development and therefore is now forced to direct the marketing department to point to a colour change as a massive technological achievement.
But can it game?
This is the first time I've ever heard someone say that IPS panels have bad viewing angles. I've literally only heard the opposite.
I hate white walls, my place is all dark
daym that thing is like a jewel in your work place super gorgeous
The rest of the world : Hello this me  dave2D : So !
You mean Apple didn't charge extra for the stand? Mind Blown.
I think this is the first Apple product that I’ve seen that I thought was genuinely ugly (possibly also the iPhones with the huge forehead)
When someone says they like the white bezels, I assume they use discord in light mode.
Hate that keyboard, I need my numpad
Back colors are so much more pretty, I don’t like the pastel stuff
You changed the front panel on Iphone SE from black to white???! If so you did what I be been thinking so much!!!!
am I the only one who found most of those colors ugly and unmatching?
This looks like SHIT with that many sides and bottom borders in 2021? Are you fucking serious @Apple?
We are living in times where the size and color of the bezel is more important than being able to replace the dying SSD. I am really interested what will happen after 7 years. This device could have a great 2nd live for schools and places where money really counts. But not with soldered stuff.
Is this a Grey G—Shock you’re wearing? Looks rly cool, pls mention it in a video at some point
i think ips better than old  at least in video watching
how much is the stand?
Bezels are important 😂
If you're a developer you will  love this device!
Samsung watch this
wow wow wow the design is soo attractive
It comes with a keyboard, a track pad, and a mouse-shaped chunk of e-waste!
This man is just awesome,i loved his reviews.
Why does apple INSIST on bezels???
Free Palestine  Free Palestine  Free Palestine  we support you Palestine we support humanity  if you dont support or raise your voice agasint oppression , ONE DAY , those extremist will HIT our own land and do the same ,  and then the world wont stand with if u dont support palestine and support Humanity now.  FREEEEEEE
What is up with the no table idea? The nature of your channel kinda requires a table.
Wish that chin wasn’t that big.
11.5mm is still thicker than an n20 gearmotor.  Disappointed Apple, disappointed...
Thanks for the review. But why would you compare it with iMac 27-inch? This should be compared in terms of specs and performance with iMac 21.5-inch.
This man just compared the GPU performance of a 27inch iMac with the GPU performance of an entry-level iMac without dedicated graphics.  ok..
Is anyone else wondering where the cabling for the iMac is hiding in Dave's nook?
BUTT UGLY!
I can understand the design for this. It's an imac that anyone can just place in their home. It has a big chin to fit the iMac design, and sort of fit the classic imac look , like from the time Apple released the color mac's a long time ago. If they removed the chin, it's just going to look like an ipad with a stand. If they took the approach where the pc is on the stand, it's just going to be an mac mini with monitor. This iMac is still good looking and great
When did you buy this?
Still sticking to my PC.
Why not just put the iPad cameras on this device already. I don't understand.
Awesome review. Good point about the white bezel. Some reviews need to stop thinking that every buyers is a professional that needs to immerse in work and take "advantages" from black bezels. Finally Apple is usign colours again and stopping using only metal cold colour
the giant bezel on the bottom looks awful, should've kept the apple logo there tbh
it seems really cheap and plasticy
Looks like it came from Toys R us 🤷🏾‍♂️
No ideas what he's talking
Oh oh oh. The millionnaires are reviewing for the working class from their highly respected point of view now. So of course this new iMac is meh. Nice decor and set up for sure. Missing is the Bentley in the background. 🤴
I agree, hate the chin
That is a colour matching watch, tee shirt and sweater by Dave. Lol.  I am not a fan of white bezels but it is what it is.
what series is that g-shock watch?
Apple just needs a model with a discrete gpu
I'd buy one just for the looks, let it just running a screen saver all day.
I'm gonnnaaa CONSOOOOOMMMMM
It‘ s built different? 😂
No vesa mount?
That new keyboard tho, i think im in love 😍
lets be honest, this color was made for Dave
I expected a better GPU in the new iMac
Digging this table / not table setup haha - hope you figure out what you like best
Dave, I love your content but your new production room needs a lot of help brother. Please hang a picture or something so you don't look like you are green screening from a bunker.
I think you should have emphasized more that you compared the new small iMac to the old 27“. This isn’t really a fair comparison to make, the M1 iMac blows the 21.5“ out of the water (I think).
But can I connect this to my 768p 4:3 monitor?
Dave, my heart cries for your hands. MOISTURIZE.
Why color and logo size is soo much important.
That chin is ridiculous.
Great video as always
Sorry to see you have been forced in to a crazy person's rubber room.
The white bezel is unarguably a perfect example for design over function. No matter the taste, it‘s a minus in terms of how a screen works best.
THANK YOU for finally pointing out why the white bezels are the better decision. i think a lot of these tech youtubers are having a hard time grasping the concept that they are not necessarily the target audience for every single piece of technology that comes out. an ultra modern all black and titanium desktop computer does not necessarily fit in to the atmosphere of an everyday person’s home. the colors and the friendliness of these computers are actually what’s swaying me to want to buy one, even though i had no interest in buying an imac before lol
That chin!! Use to place sticky notes.
The lower power consumption from the 21.5 iMac (@185W) to the M1 145W needs to be understood in terms of Apple’s stance on the environment. A 20+ energy reduction given the increased performance and resolution is stunning!  Imagine the smaller power foot print once the larger iMac is released give the 27”‘s current 300W power supply!
*Finally, he’s really sitting down now*
I think you are the first reviewer I have read that mentioned the GPU performance. It's something that seems to get glossed over in many reviews and benchmarks.
Dude, what the fuck?! the M1 moves like shit in general OS usage. It's horrid compared to Intel machines. Returned my garbage M1 Mac. Moves like a 5 years old Android device. FUCK THAT.
lol     hahahahahahahahha
Great review. I have a current 27 and I was hoping to replace it. Hopefully they bring out a “better” iMac this year as you say.
I dont like white
I generally like your videos, but this one ... I'm sorry, but it sucked. I was expecting a tech review video (as you usually do) and I got a furniture review. On a thing that is IMHO ugly AF - big bezels (for today''s standards), huge "chin" or whatever you call that area of "non-screen" thing on the bottom. And I still have no clue how good this is as a piece ot tech.
This is a good business case for the Mac Mini.
Geez, what kind of IPS panels are you used to?
Without the front chin the two toned design kind of loses it's purpose. I think that's the reason apple kept it. I imagine they made the magnetic power cable as strong as it is due prevent accidental power outages. This is not a problem with laptops as they have in internal battery.
Nope, I'm not into those white bezels at all.
colours? cool for kids but boring. Skip.
Can somebody pls tell me the Gshock variant Dave is wearing? TIA! :)
cringe
If this thing was capable to do raytracing it could have been better but nope too expensive for the power it delivers
I dunno about this creepy lobby you're in tho.
what do you think a out 7gpu? editor video 4k amateur.. target for this model?
Funny that IPS is an issue i got several imacs before with TN panels.
Apple: we want to save the environment and took the charging brick out of the box for our phones.... New 24 inch iMac box so huge for such a tiny and thin computer. Where is saving the environment for the new iMac ... Just saying
Atleast you said 4.5 kilos 😎
3:48  Anti-reflective? Man, that's a green/white framed mirror.
2:40 a place for working? Where is it??
Finally I know what the imac is for. To sit in the kitchen.
But you would have to keep it on all the time, or the screen goes black...
This room is like budget LewLater haha
First world problems... computers are ugly for your living room... ugh...
Not Thunderbolt 4,  USB 4 (aka Thunderbolt 3)
it is ugly as fuck
The tight bagpipe potentially scratch because wasp unprecedentedly carve up a goofy difference. difficult, horrible property
I dont think its fair you compared the new iMac to the 27 inch one. it replaced the 21.5 and its much better cpu and gpu wise
I believe we all want to see Macs with NVIDIA :(
This looks like is targeted at teenagers or, better said, to those who look for a powerful machine to use at home under a budget.
I like the design, but the screen is too small.
The chin looks so plain, keeping the logo would have looked better maybe
your set now looks like a really good green screen background
How do games run?
"this device is just D I F F E R E N T"  -dave
Hi, I have a 2018 dell Inspiron and my recordings are pretty bad as I want to record Minecraft. Do you know something I could do to increase my performance?
It looks pretty, I just don't get why they can't do a full screen device, like.. what's with the chin? We see what Microsoft is doing with theirs and THAT is impressive.
Wait, the GPU is actually a downgrade? And from the stat I saw, a massive downgrade? That's not good from a Gamer perspective. Can anyone elaborate on this? Don't worry, its mainly curiosity, I use Windows for my gaming as everyone should.
Why the fuck you never talk about screen refresh rate and blur? It is so important in the day to day use.
From the front, iMac looks like toys 😂, but I love the accessories, so cool, can I buy an iMac box without iMac 😂😂😂😂😂
Love your background
this setup is NICE dave! you sitting next to the workstation bench thing
120hz monitors gotta become a standard, so sick of 60hz
It looks like very weak design! Kids can draw such design at elementry school.
Nice Wings + Horns hoodie. Can’t get those anymore
This is for the plebs 😂😂😂. Great review as always ❤️
I like how this dude had to script and film a whole ass reenactment of how he couldn’t figure out how to open the box correctly just like those absurd infomercial reenactments like when some old lady can’t figure out how to use an ice tray lol. Appreciating the unironic absurdity
what a oversimplified crap
little sniffly nose
Bezels ugly.
6:40  HEY APPLE:    Make the mouse taller so we don’t get hand cramps!
What do people really use those stickers for exactly, coz the tech already has bold branding....
6:55  HEY APPLE: Put a Qi charger in the base. Keyboard, pad and mouse could take turns getting charged just by placing there.
So he has a chair now?
Is it ALL about the color of the box and the mechanics product?  Seems like a good portion of this review could be done with power off. I’m more interested in performance and capabilities.
Does anyone else think the new iMacs look extremely ugly?
that mouse charging port still makes me laugh
I thought keyboards and other accessories were sold separately. 😂
only 24 inch for 2021 it's pass for sure
Color match WOW, I guess many people will buy it just for that!!!!   LOL
Colorful and ugly looking device :(
id rather pay £100 less for the computer than pay for that stupid packaging.
Am I the only one that thinks those bezels are wayyyyyy too big ?
You compared not really Orange to Orange by using the more expensive IMac 2020 5700xt to the new M1 IMac, specs, and price. I am sure there will be more to come.
Has Belkin or anyone else announced an Apple logo to go onto the chin? Looks a bit too clean to me. But I'd probably get used to it.
Waste of money.
How long before the hinge breaks
in one word it looks gay.
If it doesn't have wheels that cost 2k what's the point?
But for people who edit 4k video for say, YouTube, or 24MP images regularly - is it powerful enough? I want to know how it will compare to my top end 16" MBP, and all these reviews say its not a 'pro' machine but by pro do they mean like high intensity 3D rendering and Hollywood level video editing?
I wanted to watch it on release date but when i got a notification i need to go to bed ‘couse i am a kid...
Comparing it to the 27" is silly, when this is a replacement for the 21" iMac... where there is *no* dedicated GPU option.   More powerful (larger) iMacs are coming. Don't worry.
i like it, but i dont know why apple didnt put a 2tb option for their new imac but for the ipad, they have it kinda looks weird to me, and also with all the highest options, the ipad is cheaper than the imac, i just dont know why apple did this edit: OMG THE IPAD PRO WITH THE HIGHEST OPTIONS IS EXPENSIVE HOLY HELL, 2600 EUROS FOR THIS (for the 12,9 inch version)
can you use the ethernet power supply with the iMac that doesn't come with it, and will it be possible to order it as an upgrade in the correct color?
Reason why i love this channel.. bcs we’re clearly a minority. Only you understand the pleasure of small phones and white bezels 🥲
Most professional write Emails and/or use Excel. So I do not think graphic performance is as important as the 'youtube creators' want us to believe.
can we play cyber punk on it
Random question.  Are the walls real concrete or fake?  It looks fake from here.  i.e.  right side at 0:07   It looks awesome, but just curious.
Why is the camera shit. Apple has some amazing camera tech and software for iPhones yet they choose to put garbage in the iMac
The wrathful rowboat thoracically bless because persian beautifully strap apropos a salty hen. charming, responsible drink
Yeah not convinced on this model. I’ve had macs for 30 years and I’m losing interest
Charging with anything but USB-C in 2021 is anti-consumer behavior! It's not HORRIBLE and it wouldn't stop me from getting this computer, if it fit my needs, but COME ON APPLE!!!
'i don't want a table anymore'  has table in every video :D
who actually has a desktop pc in their kitchen?
Really cool design :)
I have to say that Dave2D is one of my absolute favorite techtubers. Great insights, great videos and a nice balance to everything. Also, I really like the design preferences.  But I don't get the iMac. If you want something sleek, small and good looking you should just get a laptop. If you want something more sturdy with better performance, then you should get a proper desktop. All-in-one's just give you all of the cons but none of the pros.
My mind repeatedly flashes Dave's face over that imac screen. Idk..
Somehow I got unsubscribed to your channel, I have no kids that’s or people that use that use this account...just great glad to be back
I still have questions about using Microsoft Excel Power Query, Power BI and etc. I want to buy a new iMac so hard, but I don't want to install Windows on it :/
I love the honesty
Watching on my new imac
I don’t know if I’m the only one but I really hate these colorful apple products, they scream cheap to me.
Hey Dave, your the only guy I have watched on YouTube who says that the M1 is just “OK”
but, then, i would use my old trusty rusty full size custom mechanical keyboard rather than puny apple keyboard and a better mouse(logitech white maybe) Nice review though
"THIS IS FOR THE PLEBS!"
Incredible house!
Nah, good point tho, centre stage would’ve been nice
Watched for the iMac, leaving with new interior design skills. indeed!
Apple is just getting " gayer and gayer by the day"
So why would I buy that device over an MacBook that I can simply link to a screen? It's the same performance
ips displays- just like iPhone 6- 8 was regarded as the best range of viewing angles on the market. switching to oled on iPhone X created an obvious tradeoff and it was known and stated in the tech community. whachu talking bout Dave
new ones looks ugly compare to the old ones
haha, thats nothing more like a big ipad.
2:46 Lol do you really plan on working there? Right in front of the stairs with a table so small you can‘t rest your hands on it? But the iMac setup there is aesthetically pleasing, I agree on that.
51watts on load means... I can run this off a portable battery (you know, the ones that are rather big and offer 60~100watts power) off the road. In other words, it is great if you moving around but not moving around(trailer, solar panel power etc.)
Take a shot everytime he says colour
$500 for this machine is just the apple sticker alone.
I feel like a lot of reviewers underappreciate power efficiency outside of portability. For any non-professional non-gamer use case I would say wattage is a big factor in terms of both long term cost and environmental impact when buying a new device.
The only thing that annoys me about the white bezel is it only looks good when the screen is on, not when the screen is off in my opinion .. a black bezel would sort of hide the screen edge, whereas the white creates a distinct border.
I see correctly that there is no vesa mount?
Ohh cool, desktop computer is almost shit with no extensibility, but it has color-annodized back. Am I the only one, that sees that as not important like ports and cores?
so, put a heavy weight on the base?
Not teal enough
white bezel in Dave's house👍 else no way lol, 100% will hate watching movies on that
I agree. It's a nice machine to have in a living room, ok :) but...it's really too, too weak when to come to GPU performance. It's not for GFX professionals. Absolutely not. For average users it COULD be ok but...it's too much expensive. And 16gb or ram...ok ok...it's "unified memory" but are always only 16gb. No, really too little amount of memory to address professional workflows. In short (imho): It's NOT for professionals, but it's also not for average users because the decent config (16gb + 512SSD) costs too much for what it offers.
So. Much. Courage.
Glad I'm not the only person that hates the crappy apple mouse!
Why no height adjustment?
Nice watch!
The art direction is that good, I thought you were using a green screen. Damn!
i wonder if apple head quarters always change new mac every 6 months?
bro what are you doing in a bunker
The color of it make me feel depressed.
how do you turn your iphone SE all white?
I prefer you sitting down
Finally, a video that isn't bitching about the white bezel!
I am really bored this apple products. So shitty bulky
Teal ? DAVE 2D edition
It's utterly mediocre as far as desktops go. Would much rather go with a PC with 2 monitors and a lot of LEDs.
I don't like the white bezels, the chin and wish it's an Oled but it's okay.
Glorified ewaste
WOW
After a month with M1 Air ... i dont understand M1 iMac. With Air compatibility issues can be overlooked for now since u get really nice battery life and decent performance in such a thin device. But bruh desktop version just leaves you with issues only ... oh and also bigger screen. Whats my point ? Adobe. Yeah ... after half a year it still run like ass on M1. Since u cant really game on this thing, u expect ton of performance in creative apps. This one really should have something more goin for it. Everyone keep talking about FinalCut and Premiere but guess what, not everyone here is a damn youtuber ( no offense dave ) .... every single video shows how really nice the M1 is for creative users, except it does way worse atm than intel in most apps out there. Yeah i know, one day M1 will get there, but as for now, i cant recommend anything else than m1 air base model ... dont spend way too much on this thing ... it ll either get more support or die quicker than trashcan did.
Good review but since when did IPS have bad viewing angles? I currently have an IPS monitor and it has fantastic viewing angles.
Half way into the review and he has only talked about the colors.  What does this thing do?  What are the specs that I'm paying for?  Apple is such a joke.
1:00 look at the bottom right corner - Dave is unboxing himself. I didn't know he has a red package
10:20 And it will have a black bezel, just wait and see.
The green green and purple both look amazing
The Mac Mini is better in my opinion.
Even your Avatar thumbnail is color matched....thats dedication!
Apple: "We are Eco Friendly"  Also Apple: _makes different colors of the logo stickers for every iMac color_
Okay, let me say how this looks in 3 words :  'Ugly as hell'
"Just for the average person....will be plenty pleased with this". Average person who's already deep inside Apple's walled garden and who can afford $1299 for an average desktop with good aesthetics. Rest of us will look for saner alternatives.
I love ur watch, can I know what model it is?
I don't feel this is 2021 new product, look at the design.
So basically its a kitchen PC 🙂
Most overused chips Samsung: 9611,990 Apple: M1
The BUTT ... ON - My Mind 😌
Well why not just call it a 24" tablet?
I was waiting for an M1 iMac to replace an elderly Core 2 Duo 24" iMac, but was anticipating a more direct replacement for the 21.5" in terms of pricing. The higher pricing of the M1 (especially for their RAM prices) nudged me towards a 27" Intel iMac as the replacement of choice. A little more money for a lot more screen.
Those color matches stickers made me BUSSSSTTTTT 👄👄👄👄💦💦💦
*THAT CHIN MAKES ME VOMIT!*
Great work brother 👍
Your voice is so soothing
The new studio 😍
It's for rich pleb
Wow. The iMac in your kitchen corner looks absolutely astonishing. 🤩
Nice review, but Apple for me is just boooooring.  But it comes with a power brick, so that's good. I think? And that magnetic power cord, well done. Still love my great white power pc under my table and all wires through a hole, to my 3 monitors, way way more. So, now I'll watch Marques Brownlee about this thing.
The external power brick should come with a ten minute battery backup so that I can move my iMac around the house without powering it down, and so that I can survive a short power outage.
Thank you it's very reliable
I don't know, i don't like it at all
"Its not to improve work efficiency but to look good" LMAO apple
Nice to see that this is a little less than double the weight of my ultra heavy 2012 MacBook Pro 😂
this guys is complaining about ips panel. what a goof. You cant have oled on everything. Ips is the best in terms of color reproduction and off angle viewing of the non oled.
Isn't this the first iMac with the M1?
I am more impressed about the design of your room (in your house?) then the iMAC.
Hi Dave! This is what I was talking about on your last vid. This camera angle is great with the table! Although I wish I could see your fish tank :(
There's no way anyone can do any productivity work in that nook. you are buying a $2000+ decoration piece if you plan on leaving it there.
All they had to do was remove that god damn bezel
His place looks like the secret room in STAR Labs that Eobard Thawne had built
whats the outro song?
Wow I was blown away when you said the IPS was bad for angles - I was like isn't that the problem with TN? Reminds me of how far tech has moved that we want OLEDs now.
Wait, Imac is not desktop? It has cpu in monitor wtf
Is this rechargeable pc?
Eww, that's the ugliest thing I've ever seen
For your last point in this video, I definitely agree it's just for average users and not really "pro" users or whatever. I mean, the ad that they made for it shows just regular people do regular stuff on it anyways, but for anyone that has heavy workloads, would it be best to max it out when doing the configuring on the Apple site to get top tier performance and paying the extra money? I really want to get one of these to replace my Mid 2010 MacBook Pro, and i've been considering paying extra for all the bells and whistles to make sure it lasts as long as this 2010 MBP did, cause I really don't like the idea of upgrading machines so frequently.
i personally found the magic mouse to be too low for me that if I hold it long enough, it actually hurts my hand.  Same thing with the keyboard... it's just so flat and low :\  love the colour though!
I like your watch 🤌🏼
This green one is just 🤤
The fuzzy  battle repressingly murder because syrup scilly scatter next a political silica. scared, distinct grouse
I'm so glad that I went with the Macbook Air M1 over this.
Does iMac need CPU? Answer my question 😭
nope, this isn't working, bring the table back.
Dave reviewing for the plebs!!!!
This is my third review video I’ve watched for the iMac. What made this one by far the best: * Showed the MagSafe connector magic pins in the thumbnail  * Called out a study that black bezels help make you (a tiny amount) more efficient despite preferring white * Great close-ups on cables, the ultra-thin edge, feet * Excellent overview of the box and all accessories * Cinebench numbers front and center for previous years’ machine
David's clothe color matches the new green iMac. Looks comfortable.
Hate... HATE the color
I really like it!
New space is cool. Shallower focus makes it look a little like it's composited from a green screen though.
I was more interested in his watch the whole video.
Looking like he's trapped in a prison
So great to see you in your new space, Dave. I've been watching for years and seeing you sitting down with a confident veneer in this new space, and what it all represents from a creativity POV, is super super super exciting. Congrats :)
Make it thicker. Lose the chin. 🙏
I'm just a random pleb but would like to comment my thoughts on your review style:  This video was 8 minutes and 30 seconds of literally just reading off the spec sheet on Apple's website, 2 minutes of performance discussion with all of 2 benchmarks, and commentary about how this machine is "just different"...  That's not a review.  Also, this is now the second review I've seen of someone mentioning how well it fits your home's aesthetic. Considering that's a talking point I've literally never heard any reviewer say about any piece of tech, that feels very, "Apple wanted me to mention this," ish.
I am sorry this doesn’t look good You are pushing hard to justify it
It looks hideous  Such a huge bezel
Is it just me that thought Dave was sitting in front of a green screen?
Come on! There are limits to do product review vs product marketing  Seems like now you are getting the script from Apple 🥺
Good take on the white bezels, I think you nailed it
You should go to a shrink......
You guys kill me with the white bezels rationale: I have just the previous iMac and there's literally no negatives to the black bezels as it pertains to my room's aesthetic
Clearly you’re still going to need that table.
What happened to the background? Is this your new CIA safe house stage now?
I think we got the same refrigerator. :)
This ain’t it cheif
lol that bezel look so outdated...... so thick AF 😂😂😂😂. the back looks greats but the front just screw up
Imaging if they make iPhone 13 pro that deep green color in the back..I'll buy it.
"This is for the plebs."
iMacs in 10 years:  -1mm thick -3 meter chin
I'm looking forward to those colorful m2 laptops.
That chin is hideous
So Apple doesn't sell computers anymore then? Just mobile...
Nothing more than an email netbook. Useless device.
I'm confused, I was certain you were using a green screen but then I saw you in the same room doing the unboxing and I don't know what is real anymore.
Colour is gaudy, sorry really dont like these imac's with the big chin, nice inside of your house though.
Apart from his colour biases, Dave is probably the only YouTuber who gives the most objective tech reviews. Love your work man ❤️ Also, low-key like your colour choices 💯
27” iMac hasn’t been updated and I wouldn’t be surprised if the larger iMac gets updated as well. There is really no point in comparing the M1 iMac to the old 27” Intel iMac. What would have been fair is comparing the M1 24” to the Intel 21.5”.
This is replacing the 21.5” iMac, not the 27” iMac. The chin distinguishes itself from another generic monitor. Also, it is housing the vital components and separating the heat from the screen and the logic board/M1 chip. FaceID doesn’t make sense on a communal desktop. Being able to log in and out at a tap of a button is a one step deal. I can imagine that it would be a two step deal to log out and for another person to log in with their face. From a privacy angle, it wouldn’t make sense on the entry models given the audience it is marketed to. If they bring FaceID, it will be on the Pro model or whatever is replacing the 27” model.
Why do these guys review apple devices as if they are furniture, talking about color and shape and build quality and very little about computing
1:27 "the color match apple stickers,  those were very important" well noted dave!
I hate the studio
It’s 2021 and the bezels still look like that 🙄
Do you recommend this for a computer for editing
when all tech companies are investing everything they have got into performance improvement, better heat distribution, better graphic card, smaller bezels,  tim cooks: "Fuxk it, lets just change the color and put the same cpu from ipad into the mac and call it a day. "  (must be nice to be an apple hardware engineer during covid) it reminds me when i was in college and didnt do shit until the last week of the finals.
love the color
The male boy topologically preserve because lipstick definitely box next a well-groomed blue. acrid, watery steven
all apple products are trashy and shitty no exception for this one too but the design with white bezels is beautiful
Dave with that subtle flex showing his house
the colour look like diaria
You look like Kumar (Kal Penn) but in little lighter brown colour 🤣
It's just ugly, without the chin though could have stand a chance.
ok i am not a fan of apple but GOD DAMN DOES IT LOOK GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD
Complaining about the viewing angles on IPS is not one that I have heard before!
Liking the new angle and the layout of your studio now. Much better thanks for taking the feedback. Still a little too gray in the background but now that you and the products occupy most of the frame, it looks much better.
ugly thick borders, fat bottom chin, no height adjustment of the stand, mouse which can't be used while charging, this is another strange "transition device" in Apple's Silicon lineup.....
Finally Dave Got the Green one 😍   MKBHD- BLUE TECH CHAP - PURPLE GADGETMATCH - RED  But iJustine GOT ALL COLORS 😂
I love your new studio, the rough look and the lights looks awesome. The computer looks like a iPad Pro (the big one) with the side extended to fit more electronics, and with a stand glued to the back.
excellent video, thank you :)
7:42 was this really the best place to put your imac on?
👍
still the charging port at the bottom of the mouse..why???
I like it apple is number 1
I also feel like face ID on the mac makes sense while a touch ID sensor on the iPhone would have been better
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Thank god they gave you the Teal one!
Apple did the classic one step forward two step backwards routine
Apple did the classic one step forward two step backwards routine
that looks cheap. and the white border with the huge chin, a big no no. a decent gaming monitor looks better than this. very dated design. apple, please update your design.
Why don't you get one of those adjustable standing tables?
Could it run premiere pro fine? or nah?
YES THIS IS A PERFECT POSITION FOR SHOOTING! I like it!
as the m1 macmini came everybody "wooohhh fast", "the fastest mac ever", "faster as any intel" now half a year later : Well the m1 is not that step up you maybe expect. 😅😅😅
@Dave - I think there's a missed point in this review that you could have made at the end. M1 MacBook Air, M1 MacBook Pro, and now M1 iMac. They're all basically the same machine. The customer just needs to determine which form factor works for them best, since that line of differentiation is now gone.
HUH THATS INTERESTING IF YTOU DONT MOND ME ASKING WHEN///WHEN DID I ASK LMAOOOOOPIOOPOPOPSDFGOOP[ISOP[IAS9OP[UASU9P[FGasd///    CRUH
3:15 that argument is dumb, if you are a pro working with color you won’t work on a iMac
I think it's pointless to get a Mac before ARMv9 comes out.  Magic Mouse 2 contains some cool tech in it but must've been designed by a literal handicapped person, it is horrible for me. Before MM2 I never even though that a mouse could cause physical pain when using it.
waiting for the 32" iMac later this year
Screens are more often closed so black bessels blend better instead of the picture frame look you get with white. I think its actually cleaner and more esthetic compared to white. Even with the screen on, black Bessels make the content pop out more and give the illusion of edge to edge display..
Nice One 🥰🥰🥰
i like the new site of you. More aesthetic.
Presumably this will work fine all the way up until the M6 model, then you’ll have to pay a small toll every time you start it.
NEW STICKERS YESSSSSD
The product design department: “you sure you want to make the logo bigger”
As Steve Jobs would have said: “This device is just UGLY”!
Apple created a gem... again
I feel like you’re overthinking this one Dave. It’s not supposed to be anything besides a refreshed all-in-one that improves over last years version.
Good review, really loved it. Dave’s house is more interesting than the iMac...
my face when we complaining about IPS displays now
Yo, when Dave3D coming-out?
These iMacs will sell well... but for consumers, the market has moved on to the mobile space. These are among the last generation of home/office-centric devices. The iPad Pro with the M1 is the true future of personal tech. IMO, the next generation of computing device will be tablet / pocket sized that will act as access points, communicating with displays and other peripherals over secure, high-speed wireless networks. There will be little distinction between portable, laptop, desktop, etc.
What is a pleb?
It's a shame about the graphics
The redundant clover anteriorly examine because flax connoly nod amongst a imported physician. ordinary, flat notebook
I would put that Apple sticker on the chin and see how better it will look like.
For real, this white bezels are not so nice. I understand the design but in 2021 bezels overall are shit. My 55 inch tv has a smaller bezel than that. And that "chin", for christ sake. Without saying one company is better than the other, the Surface Studio looks a WAY better product.
Ohhhh dude I hate that massive front speaker grill/bezel. God it looks like its from 1990
I am waiting for a 27" with M chip but I am still going to get this 24". Thanks for the succinct review without wasting our time. I identify with most of your critiques and share your aesthetics. So sick and tired with black or dark cases of PC and laptops as well as home electronics. Apple mice has always been very crap on ergonomics - I call it fashion victim ID.
Who has been here since this channel was called Dave Lee?
it ain’t that kinduh device
can it game? latest game
These colours seems to be quite attractive, But i don't think so it will compete with my imac 27 inch
I wish I was rich enough to use a computer as decoration. This guy comes across as a complete douche nozzle
Your videos are great and I love them, but other channels with nice photographs as their thumbnails tend to catch my eye first... Just a suggestion, I'm no expert.
Love how you actually review all the small details really thoroughly. Many reviewers once they reach a certain size start to gloss over much of these important small points
I don't dig the design, the back is 2021 while the front more like 2012 then again, I'm not interested in iMac anyway
This is the smallest you’ll ever be able to get a all in one
they’re still using that shit keyboard and mouse design?
this model will get gobbled up by receptions in glass box companies all over the world. this is beginners first imac. i'm glad it got made and looks pretty cool.
The higher end version will probably be 20mm with no bezel.
Hate the wallpaper
Everything is colour matched we get it! who cares how thin it is? No one is going to be sitting looking at the back or the sides of it so why is the most important part still the same as the old Imacs minus the apple logo and the addition of a bit of colour. Apple had it chance to have a game changer here but dropped the ball. The WOW factor would have been a big old screen to look at?
OMG what a negative person. He’d complain if his bum was on fire.
Can I get a link to that Grey G Shock? Love the colour
I think it's better to be dave3d
I think it’s a nice design and I like the more casual and homely feel they’re going for but with that in mind I thought it would be at a lower price point.  Like how there was the MacBook and MacBook Air, I see this as the “iMac Air” that has fewer ports, is simpler and good for teenagers but not a serious computer for work. If you spec a serious one it’ll be well over £2000 at which point you might consider other options.
I love watching stuff I can’t afford
Daaamn that Bezzel ...welcome 1985 thats thicker than my 10 year old pc screen . who ever says its ok is getting paid $$$$$$ just to talk this crap up
Yanking ?
Lol I hate this design . Seems like gay
you are a fuckuing idiot
Who is here after watching MKBHD's review? Love Dave & Marques.
these intros are so cool woah
Can I play COD  Nope ! 😁😁
Wowww Dave’s house is super nice!
"What would have been nice" is if all or sum of those ports on the back were on the power supply or built into the base. It's not like there are other mounting options for the screen. Then you would not have ALL dongles hanging off the back of the screen and hanging down the back of the COMPLETELY wireless design. Face plant!
Linus Torvalds will love this color.
why did you get a white iMac? some of the content could be white in the first place, such as the mouse or charging brick. A different color iMac could have given a better picture of the A E S T H E T I C
This dude working as a prison warden now?!
Who the fuck puts an iMac on kitchen countertop? Wtf
Bro gimme those stickers
that industrial look (concrete)
I love your honesty ♥️
he has the imac for the purpose of furniture 😭im poor please
I like this format, both product and you are in the shot while you're not behind a table, but the product is still presentable. Could this be the future format of videos?
"This is for the plebs!"                          - Dave2D, 2021
what is the grey watch you're wearing? look so cool
This is an ipad powerd by ac power with no touch screen with a littel bit more preformens dont buy it!!
4:46 thank you for actually pointing this out! Nobody has mentioned this when it’s a legit thing to look out for
Looks like shit! Runs like shit! Also the display is shit! Don't know why you said it's good. Any other monitor you would have flipped.
Imagine the unboxing is better than the actual product
yes apple, the device that’ll be sitting in my home with the back of it not being seen 99.99% of the time, clearly color scheme is a very important ’feature’ of it
A device that expensive ... AND  THEY  CAN'T  ADD  MORE  USB  PORTS  !?!? smh
Just keep a flower pot there, how can someone work there
That's not a desktop that's a tablet on a stick
Blink twice, if you are in danger situation
What is the watch that Dave wears. I oddly like it a lot. It's Casio I know. But what's the model?
Mine is coming Friday. Going from a 2016 MBP to this M1 iMac.  I can’t wait!!
Lol the sitting next to the desk
Bro your eye's 👌, I need a new dealer we.d lol
You're recording at a blacksite now ? :P
Awesome
Hot damn, Dave, I didn't know you were moving like that? That kitchen is amazing,
Looks old 😅
He is  the only guy who doesn't go with the flow. He always prioritizes his own opinions and thoughts. 3D-❤-for-U-2D.
Love the new set-up!
In 2021, 24inch display looks like 5inch smartphone 😄. Next apple will come with 27" Mac with m2😂 called gen2.
Desktop iPAD
apple: you can get a black bezzel for just..@..$$$....SOLD SEPARATELY
Look like a news reporter
I just hope there will be the beautiful braded color matching usb-c to lightning cable with the new iPhone 13 lineup
All this cobblers about the colour, we don't care!
this is the closest we get to Bondi Blue, so it's the color for me.
So if anyone who bought M1 mac book for gaming need a cooling pad then ?🤣
Was on a big wait for Imac - yet - 2 months back finally made to decision of buying mac mini - could find best 32 inch monitor and port situation is better - basically same PC - - and yet under the base model price here in India - Phew - Imac looks great - but mac mini is better i guess. Only think to figure out is to mount the mac mini on the monitor so it becomes an imac - but only issue is upside down apple logo if to show off - but am not looking at it most times anyways... Go Mac Mini M1
My favorite iMac model is the one that looks like a lamp. This one looks bland no matter how powerful it is
THIS IS MY FAVORITE COLOOOOR i want it so bad :cc and i can't buy it :cc
Why there's no windows????
wooowww - you gotta do a MTV crib
who needs a AIO pc that thin?
I think you should of compared this to the 21.5" imac.That is what it replaces.
Your Office background looks very depressing
I just love the white bezels!!
Metal Desk > Wood Desk
I never doubted the color choice
Now that you have it, I don't think it is that ugly. I still don't like the chin. They should have made it all white at the front.
It’s had to be teal 😂
Actually IPS panels are designed for viewing angles, it may not be OLED but the technology is not limiting viewing angles.
Love your recording room look!
Love how both this guy and MKBHD opened it the wrong way
shut up Dave
You are comparing the new 24 to the old 27, the replacement for the 27 is the 32, yet to be released, it will have better graphics performance.
Sooooo... With imac you get a trackpad AND a mouse, but with iphone you don't get a power adapter. The messages apple sends are so mixed these times.
The chin is wider than Thanos iconic chin. Disgusting!
THE BEZELS LOOKS LIKE SHIT DAMN
I really like these. Shame they are way out of my price range.
Nice aesthetics and all but ergonomics from hell.
5:56 hey are the caps lock indicator light color different for other colors of the iMac?
Dave's home staircase is so nice looking lol.
You are using a desk, wtf
You're sitting. What happened to "I'll be standing during reviews"? 😅😂
M1 in the ipad is mind blowing, M1 in the iMac is mediocre.
when he said "this is for the plebs" I felt that
Your studio is awful. sucks
I can tell right off the bat that this is going to be the most popular desktop ever. Nothing may come close!
Loving the new camera angle and setup! Well done Dave!
Bro, I Iike you and your channel, definitely no apple sheep or shill here but you're comparing a specced out top end intel 27" iMac to the base model 24" imac, ok base plus a little bit. £1500 M1 vs like £3000-4000 intel yeah of course the M1's gonna look bad. You need to straighten out your comparisons, compare base to base, cost to cost. Cmon you're better than that.
"It has an anti reflective coating" really? It looks super reflective!!
I miss him pushing the table. LOLS
bigger ipad pro with keyboard and mouse
Does the keyboard have backlight?
Apple has brilliantly conned people into focusing on aesthetics rather than work efficiency. Beware if you are a multitasking MS Office user. MacOS has laughably bad windows management and MS Office for Mac is seriously buggy and crippled.
seems like Apple still doesn't know how to shrink bezels/notches in phones and their pcs lmao
This might be the reason why they don't include face ID in iMac  1. It costs more  2. The iMac consider as a home tool than in the office, so we could put only one face ID as of now... So they may went with touch ID
As bad as I imagined.
So basically if you have a Macbook you better wait for M2 or PRO models
Lighting in the studio is not great, your home lighting was better.. the video is great though... 👍
That chin is too ugly :(
It’s the 10th anniversary of the passing of Steve Jobs. RIP
I think the iMac looks superb, if you don't like the look why buy it and why waste a review when all you do is complain about colors, chins, rounded edges. Why not tell us that this computer has revolutionized the way Computers perform. Watching this has wasted 10.38 of my life and I want it back.
Stretched to 10 mins
"I'm the dude who likes white bezels."
this green is good
Is Dave poor now and he had to sell his camera set up cause the video quality is soooo bad in this xD  One special thing made me watch his videos is the quality, which was perfect before. What happened here? xD
Just get someone to knock up a Bezel sticker kit
1.3% more efficiency...sad mankind
That was bizarre, comparing a model that’s replacing the 21-inch iMac with the current 27-inch iMac with a high end dedicated GPU.
this is probably the best setup youve done. sorta like a host for a tv show where you sit down and have the product with you, but not the stereotypical tech reviewer sitting in front of a desk. looking forward to more videos that look like this!
Actually, I don't think you should compare M1's GPU performance against the 5700 XT because that GPU was in the 27'' version. This one replaces the 21'' and the best GPU available for that one was the Vega 20, which doesn't have the performance of the M1's GPU, as far as I know. But anyway, super cool video, as always <3
Personally, think you could use that  Aquarium as an visual anchor point If you like, BUT...  ...The seting was nice this time around😆.You are getting there🖒
Love the new video set up. Cheers from France !
Who else would love to have Dave do a house tour? I think his house looks great and pleasing. ☺️
Sheesh. NICE HOUSE!
is the stand included?
Unboxing was cool and natural.
meh. 16;9
10:02 — was Trevor Noah in the studio?
09:59 "This is for the Plebs"
lovin' the new studio!
The Mac placement argument with respect to colour was useless as you need a computer for computing not for useless asthetics 😬 even RGB IS MORE USEFUL
So nobody talking about arnold... At 2:10
Dave3D!
That room looks like a vault lol
The moment he said IPS I just rejected the iMac. 😂
Lightning Cable in 2021 on a USB C device? 😐
I think they went with a fingerprint rather than Face-ID is because this is usually a family device with multiple users and a fingerprint sensor can log in to each person seamlessly whereas Face-ID still only can work for one person. I think that is a sensible solution.  The chin is the iMac so expecting that to change is like whining about the Merc insignia! It has taken Apple 20+ years to get that brand identity and to throw it away to look like a generic monitor that you could buy for $300 would not be a great business move!  With Apple Silicon you have to throw out what Intel does, this is a new start. So that means the M1 chip where housed will be the same. I expect a more powerful M1X (next year M2 and M2X), but they are likely in the medium term to be the two choices, unlike Intel with its confusing array of choices! So, if you want higher performance then wait for the M1X iMacs, this is not for you! It seems hyper-critical to knock something that is aimed at a certain segment just because personally you are looking for something else?   Looking online and delivery is July now in the UK so it does look like demand>supply and that despite the sadness of some YT creators as to the white bezels and chin, maybe Apple has done their research and they actually know the market they are selling this to better than some influencers?
Maybe it's a cultural thing specific for the north American continent, but living here in Germany, I never heard or seen, that someone puts a desktop Pc of any sorts in the living room or the kitchen.
I like this angle better. Also, please sit comfortably. Maybe a minimalist chair? cheers.
Like the setup
wtf with everyone unboxing it in a weird clean room, are these the new apple requirements?
I don't understand who's it for? If you just casually wanna browse web why waste so much money, build a pc or buy a cheap prebuild. You can't even game on this. Is it just eye candy for office reception desk?
*A E S T H E T I C*
I dont understand why Apple hates io ports like usb A. Billions of people still have USB A devices, why do we need to throw away these for USB C? Having a dock does not suit the minimalist idea of Apple. Also, Apple  said they are saving the environment but their latest devices don’t really stand on that idea truly.
In my opinions, the hardware MUST be energy efficient today. The run for the best performance at any cost don’t correspond with what I care about today, which is ecology, modesty in our needs depending on the situation (at home, at work, for a certain kind of activities). If this iMac can do the same job for 3 times less consumption, even for a desktop computer, I would be happy to buy it instead of the voracious previous iMac. Once again, that is my opinion.
The table is back!!!!!
I dunno the chin is a big no for me :/   plus not having a black or white model kills it for me too
...2 USB c ports on a desktop computer? don't think I'd call that decent, even if this is 'one for the masses'
I saw one of these iMacs photoshopped with black bezels and honestly that changed my mind abt the white bezels, they fit so much better with the colors
Nice
Cool studio
Apple #yankgate
Why do you wanna put imac in kitchen?😕
Always loved your approach towards reviewing. Very calm, composed, and of course no nonsense.  ✌
Thanks for the 1980's bezels apple.
just one question can i use that as an external monitor for something else
Woke up to every single tech YouTubers iMac video on my feed. Only needed to watch Dave’s and Marques to get the full picture.
Who looks at the back of the monitor?
Okay, so now Dave really is sitting.
i am not taking iMac to school or anywhere so little thick body with Bassy speaker and more ports would've been nice
Attention to Detailes ❤️❤️
This is not 27 Inch ... so sure it will not have the same performance. Apple is changing there Line up. This Mac equals more to the 21 Inch. A comparison between theese would be more usefull. Il bet the new bigger Imacs will outperform the old 27 Inch Imacs. But Nice Vid!
Among all the new formats that you have tried, I think this one works best so far :)
* t h i s   i s   f o r   t h e   p l e b *
Fucking ads on YouTube
Dave I just want to say to you... "Mac kau hijau"
On point Sir.  Im not talking about the product but rather the video itself.
Hi , i have a question : is it possible to read 4K Blu Ray (Ultra HD thus) on this iMac?  Thank you for your answer
This video was better.
iMac need to have touch screen !!!
Pretty sure IPS has much better viewing angles than VA
does the original package comes with this magic trackpad? seems only the mouse is included according to the web page?
Skip that expensive shit
Production Quality 🔥❤️
This setup of your works great too
i love the new design of imac, its eye-catching and easy to see, and also very iconic
I need the names of the people who dislikes this man's videos ! 😁Every time a product is released, I watch most youtubers, and Dave2D is the only one who really feels like watching my friend giving an honest opinion about a purchase he did ! Respect man, I really appreciate how you do things😍 !
Why not buy a laptop and stick a monitor if same performance
Liked your kitchen better than the iMac
You're a woman trying to match your nails to your computer.  What a POS Reviewer you are.
awesome stuff Dave!! nice setup
Can someone please tell me what watch is he wearing ?
This setup…Dave is chilling with viewers. So welcoming.
White bezels ain’t it
Other then the computer I have to ask good sir as to what model G-Shock you have for that color is nice 👍🏾
I really thought my TV is kaput, why are you looking so pink? Haha
No FaceID is a massive missed opportunity, at least make it a option. I much prefer FaceID on my iPhone over TouchID on my iPad. And not moving the charging port on the mouse is classic stubborn Apple.
fun to listen to straight ppl describe design and color
of the videos in your new studio i've seen so far, I like this side-by-side setup the best. I think it's more engaging that both the viewer and dave are both seeing the machine from the (roughly) the same angle.
Brought back the table? 😀
2:56 First world problems...
Wtf is this room, is this where you keep Magneto when he's been bad? lol great review tho, fair and informative as always sir.
It looks new and outdated at the same time
The polarising view on how Dave and Marque perceived white bazel never cease to impress me lol
Is it only me or his face look significantly redder?
"This is for the plebs" 🧐 - Dave2D, 2021
looks so dated like iphones with their huge notches
You should do unboxing
zoom background, looks like
1:50 Green is the new Teal      - Dave2D
Others: :] Apple: :)
This table position is good and acceptable..... use it more...
*Hey, to you reading* ..... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
hey Dave, your skin tone is very red. A lot more than usual. :)
OMG THIS GUY IS SO PICKY😂😂😂😂😂😂
YouTuber’s struggle “between 500 deferent models i couldn’t find a single computer that fit to color of my room so we left the room empty” Don’t get me wrong, I like him because of his unbiased videos and honest reviews but honestly, people can’t afford a 1 room apartment, I think finding a perfectly match computer to put some use in a room is not a problem at all.
This has been bothering me for the longest time. Do you have like a specific brand for your clothes? 🤔 The colors just pop like candy, simple but elegant. 👌
You are seriously my favorite tech reviewer. Always gives your honest opinion and I 100% trust every review you give. Thank you so much!
When are we getting Dave's house tour?😍😩
Dear D Brand, make black bezels for this new iMac. And black wrap all around as another option. Thanks!
Trash
Yeah there's no escaping the table
it is good for 1080p gaming ? need apple device because security purpose
Screw this, I'm sticking with my Flower Power iMac G3.
I think it's good to look at it this way, that Macbooks and Mac Mini are getting closer to iMac when it comes to performance. Therefore giving way for consumers on the budget to experience high-end/premium levels of performance and features at lower prices.
Right?
very ugly
Hey Dave, what's the watch?  Looks clean!
Can't praise him enough for advertisement timing
dang this new studio and video quality are c r i s p :O
Really liked how you shot this with the table on the side. New studio looks great!
Why imac when u can buy a macbook with same performance yet portable
this pose is pretty good with ur toxic related table
This is where I break up with YouTuber. Strong disposition about bezel while launching & after receiving hmm not that bad. Dude why so strong dissatisfaction in 1st place.
2:46 - Wow. What a luxury.
Look Dave even has a (somewhat) color matched watch on his wrist.
The colour is distracting imho 🤔
apple using plastic weird.
No chin + Blackout front pane (nailed)
I refuse to use table I'll unboxed in on ground F u tables ~ dave2D
I don’t think they’ll put a Face ID because some people like covering the web cam
I would buy it in a heartbeat if it had a hdmi input. :(
Going to skip this design again for the next ten years. Hope you can come up with a truly good design for iMac before i die, apple.
Wonder when we’ll be able to by these as accessories
I am just waiting for a imac with decent gpu to play warzone 1080p max at 60fps
IPS on a screen supposed to be used at home, like a furniture. So, you need to be precisely in front of it, like, NO OTHER living room tech device! White bezels: Oh, it's to use in my living room, kitchen, bathroom  IPS panel:  I cannot see sh%^ from 1 meter apart!
You can tell the Metric System is better because all tech reviewers use it when it comes to precision.  11mm? Come on, go with 0.43 inches! Or 7/16! Go!
Ｍａｇｉｃａｌｌｙ  Ｄｏｐｅ..... :)
i still want to know the model of your G-Shock watch.
I’d like to see a cover for the Apple logo that glows a little. Just for old times sake.
You get a trackpad with it? Apple have never supplied one with a computer before. Or did you order it extra?
Looks like they are going to make pro mean pro, compared to the consumer line.  In the past, the macbook pro cost a lot more than a iMac, but the iMac would outperform it.   Now, it looks like the pro line will surpass the consumer line and mean something again. Though the 13/14inch macbook pro doesn't quite fit that narrative...  I believe the early tibook and powerbooks matched the consumer desktop line at the time, but over time couldn't keep pace due to power and thermals.   Tho if I am misremembering, I have faith that the internet will let me know swiftly.  Also, I wonder if the chin was intentional for branding, whereas people might just think it was. An external monitor otherwise and not realize they were using an iMac
Like this I wanna buy the M1 Mac Mini that has the exact same specs for a far lower price and use my own 4K monitor for it.
"It's not like MagSafe"  Maybe it's... MagRisky?
YOUTUBE IS DOWN
You're using green screen aren't you bro
I like this style
It will be perfect for dave if its color blue
im telling you, take out the tank in the back and the views = 100
I love your colour choices normally Dave, but this time I am sad to say that I am bit disappointed.. Looks like cheap pistachio ice cream.
I am wondering whether or not @Dave2D will say something about the right to repair thing.
There are just so many missed opportunities with the iMac. From little things like the missing Apple logo on the front. If you’re keeping the chin, where’s the bling? Apple shows us these gorgeous colors and finishes, then only puts them on the back. Not taking the opportunity to put a wireless charger on the base of the the stand to wirelessly charge a Magic Mouse. Or something crazy like height adjustment... Showing us Center Stage on iPad Pro, but not giving it to the iMac… Just so many misses, that seem so obvious. I don’t get it.
Who else would love to have Dave do a house tour? I think his house looks great and pleasing. ☺️
When someone starts to complain about the fact that a monitor/screen uses IPS instead of OLED you know they ran out of stuff to complain about...
that chin bezel is the ugliest shit I've ever seen
So I’ve been here since 10K and I genuinely am blown away at how much this mate has grown and changed 😂 bloody well done Dave!! 🥳🎈🍀
Absolutely don’t like the white bezels at all!
✨✨
IDK...looking at that iMac lugged in Im definitely messing with that white bezel more
he sits
house tour???
MKBHD: "I'm probably the wrong person to ask, I like all black bezels all the time"  Dave2D: "I'm probably the wrong person to ask, I use white laptops and love white bezels."  *WHO SHOULD I ASK THEN, HUH??? SNAZZYLABS???*
This new set you have is so great. Really digging your on camera set up with the desk next to you and you on the stool. ALSO! That shot of your kitchen, your house is amazing, you should do a house tour or something.
Another episode of "Watching things I can't afford"
Slick presentation.. thanks for covering up that black box in the background..
"We at Apple, believe in bringing, Yesterday's Technology at Tomorrow's Price". Hence, keep paying.
When Dave hits us with the ☝️
they've gone back to the days of iMac G3. That bottom bezel is fugly.
Teal Green, nice choice.
This is your best set-up yet Dave, a table and you relaxed with the products there. You are finding your game
What brand is the watch he is wearing?
There appears to be a very thin black bezel on the glass panel. I wonder if this was done to somewhat appease creative professionals.
Great info but very boring delivery. I felt like you were reading bullet points off of a spreadsheet the whole time...
B A U H A U S
Love that color. These iMac colors look even better in these reviews than in Apple's photos. I can't wait to see some of them in person. We all know the new iMac is powerful because of that M1 chip but it is the little things from the unboxing to the colors and extra bit of polish that are what this machine is truly about. I think Apple just raised the bar on what it means to have an AIO desktop and it will be hard if not impossible for PCs to match.
Are you going to review the new XPS 15 and 17?
The chin should be for Post it notes!
accept my friend request Dave
New setup is 🔥 trash
The chin is a nothingburger. Nerds are the only people finding a problem.
This is a laptop that’s difficult to carry around...
Them hands need lotion Dave
mkbhd will not agree with you on bezels!
Possibly the most disappointing Apple computer since the 2014 Mac Mini. So much wasted potential.
This is more interior design suggestion than tech review
I wasn’t interested in getting an iMac but damn the color matched accessories are just awesome!
I just have one question. Who keeps their iMac in their kitchen 😅
Yes, Dave, the stickers are the most important! And this is not sarcasm.
I don't know what to buy. The pro display stand for 999 or the ENTIRE computer with a similar looking stand for 1299. What was Apple thinking here..?
Less and more.
long time viewer. I like this new setup!
Does the iMac come with all the accessories without having to buy separate things?
Flagship all in one PC workstation... barely any ports... No. No. I don't think YOU understand Apple. THIS is why nobody likes you anymore.
Haha I love the solution you decided to adopt; it gives very chill vibes with you sitting, products are well presented, and it preserves the nice camera framing that makes the office's aesthetics stand out. Love it, it definitely speaks Dave2D to me.
Beautiful but hate those white bezels 😢
so all of the techtubers uploaded their reviews at the exact same time
I love how he doesn't wear shoes
Is anyone else finding it interesting seeing the different colors all these nerd channels have gotten?
💝If you are reading this:  BE BLESSED x 1,000,000 with great long life, complete healing, many people who genuinely love you for you, great wealth, love, peace, joy and infinite good luck!!!!! May you find the life partner of your dreams!!!  May good opportunities surround you at all times!!!  May you be ridiculously happy always without reason!!!  May large sums of money fall into your lap!!!  May you be truly wise all of your days!!! 💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝💝
Hey Dave, how'd you get into the Apple under ground secret lab?
一句废话都没有，太赞了哈哈。
I think a good way of summarizing it is that this is a great iMac, but not the best mac they will release this year.
I really prefer your old set
John 3:16-17 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17 For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
OK so in all transparency it’s been a few weeks or maybe more since I watch the video I’ve just been super busy. I love the new style of this video
Is this thinner than the MS surface studio?
I'm sorry but none of that is Green or at least  what I would define as Green. Its teal in the back and mint in the front.
I like how no ones talking about the actual review...
Comparing M1 iMac graphics to the top of the line 27-inch 2020 graphics is bad.  $1499 M1 against $2799 5700XT, it should beat it, but for the money its great.
your room looks like Troy and Abed’s dreamatorium
what is the model number of his g shock?
I like your watch.
I miss your old super clean studio
I like this table setup, it feels more natural
Here's an idea. How about adding the processor/ram/storage to the 'power brick' . That'd get rid of the chin. Revolutionary.
Ugly. $1499 for this? No USB-A. No SD Reader. 256gb SSD. M1 has great battery life - oh yeah this is a desktop so who cares? It will sell like crazy becuase Apple can put anything out and it will sell. But this? C'mon..
daves layout is getting better
This video feels like you are on a green screen.
Nice camera angle with desj on the side. A bit different than usual but I like it. 👍
There's no "Pro" in this product
The iMac looks more beautiful in real life than I expected, compared to images uploaded months ago.
In summary:  The new M1 Imac...meh.
yeah you can still buy that 50K mac pro lol
I can’t wait to see all the bezel/chin complainers complain about the device getting thicker if they get rid of the chin.
Damn looks good
I only watch it because I like watching tech stuff. I am not even gonna buy it hahaha. Is it normal?😐
I like the new style with the table, keep it that way G
Make sure to cover up the webcam with some sort of webcam stickers, hacking is getting really serious. And cyber security is in the hand of Israel who neither like Muslim nor Christians!  #FreePalestine
I guess face id will be a huge privacy issue as many would like to cover up their webcam including our vicious friend Mark Zuckerberg  #FreePalestine
I'm glad you youbput a desk in your set. I couldn't imagine you holding them all 😀
Form over function. Similar to what Apple did with their laptops in 2016 redesign.
Looks amazing for a 2001 computer!
As a windows /Intel user, have to say the grass on the other side have never looked greener .
Is that even connected to power? Lol hows the screen on?
Damn, that's such a clean set-up
Why does your video always comes out together with mkbhd?
I hope the new iMac Pro will be an improvement. I really don’t like white bezels.
I used to LOVE Apple but man their products are boring. Linux and Windows both bring me more joy to use. On top of that and the VMware fusion issues associated with recent updates and the M1 chip and they are really disappointing me.
man i cant decide. buy a 16gb of ram computer? today?
Thats it right there... got a mac mini M1 LOVE IT.. I would never by the IMac.. not any better. Wait till M2 shows up
i hate macs. but this was a good review. lighting started to be a tad better too...
So... He can sit, huh?
No face detect, no 4K webcam, no touchscreen, no mech kbd, crappy mouse, big bloated chin ... but, such pretty colors !
i’m extremely disappointed . really wanted to get this but most of the reviews are saying basically 4/10
the background looks like rendered background!
Dave level with us...are you comfortable?
who the hell uses an imac as a random kitchen appliance 😒
U g L y
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago He left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make.   Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 )  ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
This setup doesn’t really work. The table beside him and the way he is sitting is awkward and looks uncomfortable. He looks like a talking head on a history channel show.
Actually they are not Thunderbolt 4, but Thunderbolt 3 and  USB 4. Apple's description is confusing.
I love how Apple sent a large variety of colors to reviewers so each video you watch you’ll probably see a different color experiance
I miss the meme “Is he sitting” back in the days
Can't put something in your kitchen cos it's the wrong colour? Yes, society is at that point in our development
Great PC for Hatsune Miku fans LOL
I think you found your video format Dave
5:25 Shoutouts Dillon Francis and Gerald.
Is there a green screen behind you or is that room real? it looks fake.
honestly,..the old iMac much look better than this new M1 iMac it looks retro and old i rather have the Microsoft surface studio 2 than this,
Really sad that chin real estate wasn't used for good apple quality speakers
I think you keep comparing the 24" to the 27" instead of the 21.5" it's designed to replace. $1299 vs $1799 starting price is a good difference. And with the 27" don't you have to spec it up to the better performance tiers?
Ooooo this desk setup I like
The guarded poultry architecturally plan because aluminium encouragingly end an a pink billboard. vague, tense height
This iMac looks great but it's not the right size to get me interested.
Year 2021. IPS is not good enough for angles, people want OLED. IPS outdated quick, like last year iphone.
Every video shows a background color matching the iMac. If you don’t do that, this Mac looks horrible
Not sure comparing the graphics capabilities of an entry level iMac with the highest end 27 inch iMac's maximum graphic's card spec is fair. That device is at its cheapest more than double the cost. A comparison to entry level 21.5inch or even entry level pricing on a 27 inch would have been better.
Magic mouse ? 😀 Apple naming is soooo lame 😀😀
All lives matter
white bezzles are ugly af. rest of the design is pretty close to perfect thou, even am cool with the chin...
So, if you want to use a real mouse you need an A to C  USB adapter - a Magic USB adapter would go well with a Magic keyboard, a Magic power brick  with a Magic power cable - it's just so.. so.. Magic.
nice
your comparing to the 27" you should be comparing to the replaced 21" they ar still selling the 27"
I love this guy. You rock 👌
At this point, still using Lightning port to charge is just an attempt to annoy users
Free Palestine
dave, pls use hand balm
i think lou and dave went overboard with their backdrops. dave's previous, more simple aesthetic was better before. now its 'hey look at my fancy new studio'. just like lou, he started out simple, then he went for a crazy black void and ceiling of lights, just too harsh and distracting in my opinion. mkbhd on the other hand remains down to earth with his office/studio rustic style, and he changes it up, moving about in different spots of the room for variety. the product is always the main focus and his backdrops are never distracting.
i would prefer if it was thicker but without the chin
05:35 “viewing angles are limited when it comes to ips stuff….” TN left the chat…
I thought the background was a green screen until I saw his house. Now, I’m not to sure. 😂
1 Table 2 No table 3 Workbench 4 Half table  We are getting there :D
the speakers sound awesome there's six of them and they're just loud and clear they are very imac they are very good one thing these tech reviews don't do well in my opinion is the audio quality  they always spend as little time as possible explaining the performance
i love this setup dave :D
I think is not that iMac is not over MBP anymore, is that MBP was stepped up to reach iMac level.
Gonna be a bit harsh here, that stupid fucking chin ruins it all.
Some gave daddy issues, Dave has table issues
A thin device is functional as long as it's portable. They could have made it thicker with no chin and more head room For thermal management and over clocked it's CPU performance. Making a difference between the portable M1 and desktop M1. This is a weird device. And yes they tried Soo hard to make a clean device and yet they offers few ports, Soo a dongle will be used making it cluttered again.
Really? In your socks Dave?
What did you do with standing Dave!?
I didn't know Dave had legs
Not gonna lie, I really don't like the look of the new iMacs. Yeah, they're thinner, have a nice form factor and the color options are pretty neat - but MAN those bezels and that chin are UGLY. And why on earth did they give the screen bezels a different color to the chin?
I don't like white bezels for daily use, it does fit the look though here.   Also, the chin is F U G L Y. I would rather have had it a few mm thicker with no chin.
Another over priced toy from apple 🤣
The room Dave is in looks more like an interrogation room lol
Teal color dave much ovious
Every reviewer so far has thrown the PC to one side and "Ooooh color matched stickers" LOL
Pity you did not give more specs - memory/RAM, hdd/ssd size and speeds - but thanks.
The chin is required for ergonomics...
Not a fan of apple but this is such a cool device, shame I have no excuse to buy one lol
Right away the bezels are so gross
What if apple put the m1 in the pro iPhone models and A series in the regular ! It will truly be distinguished then and a pro phone can be truly called pro 🔥
I'm digging this layout! Looks professional.
You need a handcream
Green!
Wait! You turn it on without a power cable?
looks like a giant iPad
"wow i hate the chin" first thought
The lighting on this video is phenomenal
Considering the price, storage is too low... Just 256 GB storage... My phone has 256 GB storage... Apple should have given atleast 512 GB storage on base model...
I got the yellow for my wife's birthday. She had twins 4 years ago. All she needs is AESTHETIC ;)
Worst review ever...
I've watched three reviews of this iMac and I didn't even need one
This is for the plebs. Actually laughed out loud at that.
Damn that nook is probably the most unergonomic work space I have ever seen.
I'm very impressed by what we have seen of the M1 in their mobile lineup, but in a desktop..? This seems like an overall worse product as compared to the Intel based iMacs.
This is definitely the solution to the table query
Except for YouTubers, every single human being who has ever lived, is living today, or will ever live from now until the heat death of the universe (or mankind’s extinction) unboxes their stuff with the box lying flat because they aren’t trying to film it. Today’s entertainment score: 100%. 👌👌👌
Table 😂
So, the Mighty iMac has turned into a Fashionista's Toy. H'mmm.  You can see that Apple has lost its way. Worse as a Computer, & Vulgar Chic for the Pastel Café Crowd. Pass.
Beautiful picture) like new studio
Dang ur house looks so nice Dave!🤩
It ugly , end of
The presentation is on point now. Thanks for the informative videos and slick production value.
Its sooooooooo ugly
I hope the upcoming g bigger model will be colorful GOP because I want the yellow model or at least still be colorful when M2 model release!
Dbrand black bezal? 🤣😉
I’m disappointed you didn’t buy the blue iMac
Nice!
This guy isn't Dave. I think he's his evil clone. The real Dave would have never *sat* or abandoned his white, aesthetic and dare I say sexy white table.
yo it looks like your stuck in a bunker somewhere in the Arctic lol
It is a stupid toy with an ARM processor and no dedicated Radeon or Geforce.
I was hoping for a small sticker that I could put on the chin as a color-matched logo!
Hello, how did you make the iphone se 2020 white bezel? Even the home button? Touch ID is working? I love that color, but only can find old iphone 8 with it.
Dont be fooled, he's still standing guys.
I don’t know anyone who is serious about creative work who uses that POS “magic” mouse
not worth the money
boring. not gonna talk about 8gb only?
It looks so aesthetically pleasing
The keyboard, mouse, and trackpad alone are ~$250
I’m loving the new setup <3
I think 10:01 was the best part of this whole review 😂
This thing is just a big, goofy looking laptop, that doesn't fold, on a stand.
And... How much are we talking about? $2000? $3000?
_liking the new aspect ratio_
Your house is really <3 love the aesthetic  Also loving the table setup
Bet you if the bezel was the same colour as the chin, nobody would be complaining :)
New set looking on point.
So if you want an M1 experience should you look for a different form factor? I had a 2013 macbook pro that I recently traded in and was looking to get something newer, I'm waiting on the Macbook pro to be released so I can look to see if that is what I want and I like the form factor of the Ipad Pro but I don't own a computer, all I got is my Iphone now so I'm not sure what direction to go in towards a new device? I am only able to get one so if I go for the Ipad I can't get a laptop, and I go for the Laptop, I can't get the Ipad or Imac etc so I kinda need a portable all in one. I would love a 2-1 option but Apple doesn't make one lol
Not blue dave? What´s wrong with you?
the color filter on your face is way to strong
I liked dave’s review more than mkbhd
I think an awesome missed opportunity was putting a tiny battery into the iMac m1. For example a 5-10min run time battery, just in case the power cord is accidentally disconnected or there is a power outage.   The user could get some warning to save their work etc. it would be like an in built UPS. there is plenty of left over space in the iMac surely for this. I think they made the power cord magnet stronger to prevent any accidental disconnects.
Anyone else feel like Dave is in front of a green screen?
The return of the table! Yes!
why you sitting like a CREEPER bruh… 😂
all is fine in this video except the logo if somebody is a grown straight man and you want this on your device you better visit a doctor
There is an iMac with D2D colour tone on sale in the London King's Cross Station Apple shop. Platform 9 3/4.
never thought i’d live to see the day when ips would be the display with bad viewing angles
Why do I feel like he is interviewing the iMac
Can we buy that keyboard ?
Prefer no chin and no bevels, but, if they had to have a chin, big no to the white bevels. Black of color to march the color of the iMac would have been the way to go.
The magenta voyage embryologically carve because basket parenthetically steer than a future futuristic fan. real, disgusted algebra
love the table + sitting next to it combo
You have a beautiful house man. I'm lowkey jelly
Please review ZTE axon 30 ultra
would you say, then, that if you already have an M1 Macbook Air, for instance, it would be more worthwhile to just buy a hub and a good monitor?
How dare yt interrupt Dave2D's outro with ads 😤
I think you should just move the table wherever. Use it if you think you should; not if not.
Wow this new set looks great!!!
Whole fron panel should be one color in my opinion, now looks like frankenstein
Can always count on Dave for sane, rational reviews! And yes, this one is all about the look and style. And heck, why not eh?
The color is pleasant to my eye
Thank you for mentioning kilograms.
I know they have a silver one but imagine if it was all white. Or all black. I just really love my neutral colors 🥺
M1 iMac : Made for Dave's Studio.
can you use it as an external screen for laptop if needed?
i wonder how it would be if apple started making their own dedicated gpu's lol
I'll stick with my current 27" iMac. I think the new M1 iMac looks dated. Nobody cares about the rounded keyboard or mouse because that all gets thrown in the closet. The real question is the performance and the comparisons from the "old" to "new." Good vid but it could've been wrapped up in less than 5 minutes.
Color matching cables would be a cool market to see grow lol
Why is no one talking about the ankle socks??
That is kinda dumb that they would downgrade the graphics performance... hopefully you're right and a "pro" version comes along with a dedicated GPU of some kind.
They probably went with touchid because the extra cameras for faceid would have looked bad with the white.
For the love of all things good would someone please tell me the name of that outro song
How does porn look on it, the real question after all.
Studio tour!!!!
The white bezel will make this blend in perfectly into the places apple intends this be placed. Ex. Home offices, boutiques, front desk offices, etc. This isn’t meant to be a pro device used in pro settings.
"This is for the plebs" ~ Dave2D, 2021
The weird thing, i heard in the whole video is 'plastic' 😑
Wow, when are you going to give us a video tour of your stunning home? Are you sure you don't live on the starship Enterprise? Oh, by the way, I prefer the black bezel. This white bezel already looks old.
Why are they still using the Lightning cables?
of coursre they use Lightning cables... why use USB-C when you can charge more for lightning
Ah .... excuse me but the Apple agreement is that you refer to these things as BARBIE iMacs. Thank you - Apple Legal Services.
TEAL 🔥😋
Ayeeee
This setup makes me feel like Dave is talking directly to me
I love how this was presented too, half Dave half table. Keep it this way!
I love this new style of setup ( how you present your review ) it's like, so relax/chill it's a nice change !
They should have focussed on tne front instead of the back. Most of the backs will be facing the wall anyways. Remove the white or 'light grey' bezels and underchin. Add normal colors.  And add user upgradable RAM and SSD. It may need to become slightly thicker but that's fine it is a desktop after all.
who else wants to see a M2 cheese grater?
I like the 2 o'clock, half on screen desk setup.  Seems like a good compromise.
I somehow still like your old studio setup more. Maybe the camera angle or lighting is more friendly or nature. It was just like a friend talking over the dinning table. The new studio setup is a bit like a TV show trying to sell you something.
Ah, typical Apple
The M1 was designed for mobile devices. Apple should have designed an ARM based SOC for desktops with a beefier cooling system and put that in the Mac mini and iMac. They also should have had front firing speakers and an SD card reader. At least they finally included an Ethernet adapter in the box on some models.
“I sound snooty like this is for the plebs” - Dave 2D  This is a pretty funny quote
Great review. Love the new studio.
I bought a blue one. I must be a commoner.
Watched it just for the color!!
Man this setup looks good 🔥🔥
clean studio look bruv
What room r u in ??? lol
Dave! You contradict yourself too many times, You call this machine casual but then go on to say how it could have been more professional. No, this is a casual computer that actually has quite a professional capability if needed. The reason this iMac is not an upgrade is because its not, its a completely new generation of iMac, hence why there isn’t a pro in the name.
3:45 isn't it glossy? #Mkbhd.
Is that the Samsung wallpaper TV?
i really like the new style. no, i L O V E it!
The mean duckling fascinatingly heat because taxi morphologically pray pace a various himalayan. hurried, fabulous trapezoid
Damn your kitchen / living room is top quality room porn. Looks nice!
I fucking love the studio
Intel 11th gen review dave please mannn 😂❤️❤️  I need to make a choice asap.
ehhhh....ill wait for the m1x imac pro lol
Dave, does people actually place a PC in their kitchen???
the colored chin bar is a massive error IMHO. whatever you do with the imac can't help but get "intervened, interrupted" by unnecessary extra color information that you can't turn off (unless you cover it with tape, but really?) it's very subtle, but it will bug the heck out of you, and you will have no idea what's bugging you
That chin damaged the design. There are far more better screen designs out there
0:31 even the socks match the color
I like that intro
Came for the review, staying for "ThIs Is FoR tHe PlEbS." XD
Dave! The new camera setup is crisp as heck! Frames looks hella smooth and the video quality is super sharp! It was a treat to watch this on my LG C1.
Very iMac Everything 🥳🤔🤔
Hmmm 🤔 the room audio ambience is to much present, it is hard to listen, you definitely need to switch to a tie mic and maybe add some sofa 🛋 to help absorb some reflections plus wall sound panels.
I resonate so hard when you said "This is for the plebs"
"this is for the blebs"  Dave2d 2021 😂
IMHO the issue with the new iMac is that Apple had delivered so much innovation with their M1 MacBook lineup that everybody was hoping to get so much more from these iMacs. They raised the bar too high, and could not make it over the top this time.
Thanks
Why is you watch on stopwatch mode?
Anyone else uses plastic for something, "cheap plastic" apple uses plastic, " smart light weight"
I think the average person will be far more comfortable with a Windows PC.
I love that you showed the bottom of the keyboard. Thank you for the awesome video!
That chin tho!! 😑😑😑
"we made the thinnest all in one iMac and one of the thinnest PC's in the world!" cool... but how many people even notice how thick their monitor is? i haven't seen the back of my monitor since the last time I plugged it in, i know it's thick (i mean its 144hz 1440p with HDR, it has to be thick) but i don't know how thick and i would not even know it if i didn't install it. what I do see is the bezels that are thicker than my budget monitor from 2011 and a thicker chin than any all in one i have ever seen.
I'm still laughing about the "this is for the plebs" comment 😂😂😂
Dave must design Joe Rogan's next Studio.
Dave2D the kinda guy to use light mode in discord
Finally you listened, and changed the desk!
I love that the power cable looks like a giant lightning cable
Wait dave is sitting this whole time?
Do you guys remember when imacs were stationary because they offered alot more performance and upgradability?
10:01 You've created a meme
"T H I S       I S    F O R    T H E    P L E B S'' ~Dave2D
Woha this new studio so weird and hard to get used to :o
Can you please review the Alienware m15 r5 almost nobody has
loved presentation  ,thumbs up.  Are you comfortable ?
My m1 MacBook is chewing through 70pc of 8gb ram just watching this video in Safari. I can only imagine the huge leap in the iMac lol
I hate white bezels because you can always See the slim black stripe around the panel...
So much for environmentally friendly, leave the charging brink instead of increasing more waste with all the color matching box stuff
Dave, it looks like you gained a lot more self-confidence in the new studio :) You found your voice! That is amazing!
I like this setting
I so wish my macbook was in this same color!
The price will surprise you 😱
Watched for the iMac, leaving with new interior design skills.
I think someone forgot to tell apple that a trackpad isn't a sexy accessory. It's something you put in a laptop because you have no other choice. Like who the fuck when given the choice goes. "OH YEAH GIMME THAT TRACKPAD OVER THIS MUCH MORE FUNCTIONAL AND ERGONOMIC MOUSE"
I really like monitors with white bezels. I find that when focusing on the content on the screen the white bezels appear to blend in with the usually white wall thats behind them essentially giving the feeling that there are no bezels whatsoever.
The back seems empty......add some cool stuff.....if possible 😅
I was nervouse all the video thinking about the iMac falling from that table...
You're current table setup is good.....
Very beautiful workspace and house!
Out of all these iMac videos, I chose yours first for a number of reasons, but mostly because this is my favourite colour lol.
Bruh, the iMac has only Touch ID while the iPad Pro has only Face ID, we live in a backwards world for sure. And with COVID-19 and masks it makes it way more obvious as to why it should be the other way around or simply put both Touch ID and Face ID in both devices, it’s only logical in that price range.
The question would be… How would this computer hold on through time? Apple like to use what is called planned obsolescence, perhaps 3 years? Also, this is a disposable computer. I see it would be difficult to repair if something during it life time fails. No Upgrades, you are stuck with the same config until you can afford a new one. I like the CPU but not the business model.
I must say.... this is an ugly device... the lip needs to go. I have nothing against white bezels, but I would much rather prefer the device not having bezels at all. Honestly, Apple should be able to create something prettier in 2021. But the thing is I haven't been impressed by apple design for a very long time: The iPhone lip, the airpods looking like cut off cheap earphones or cigarette buds sticking out of people's ears, the lip of this device.... Everythin apple does these days feels very old. And they compensate old nature with material and color. I'm not sold on this design at all. I love how the mouse is charged by the way. ludicrous design
When he said 'it's on point'  I felt that
It looks,like mint chocolate chip ice cream to me.
That chin looks so ugly dude. I mean Kudos to the engineering to being able to get it so thin but that chin.....
IPS: has +-178 degrees of viewing angle Dave: “yeah it’s an IPS display it’s not that good what do you expect”  Someone haven’t used a TN panel in a long time I see
I like this one n purple
i love it
Almost close to his favourite colour teal 😁😁😁 he's prolly gonna spray it soon lol 😆
Okay! So this is perfect now, not too much table, but enough of the table nonetheless.
That chin is an eyesore. I can’t bear that at all!
Sucks but i i will go for the mac mini setup :(
You're so damn easy to listen to. Great video sir
Ewwwwwwww wttfff
It’s not the iMac Pro*** summed it up in one sentence. I don’t get why people are expecting the iMac to be a powerhouse like the iMac Pro… it’s so odd to me. They have the distinction on purpose just like the iPhones and iPads.   Want a pro iMac, get the iMac Pro, this iMac wasn’t made for you.
The size of that base just screams bump into me so I can tip over. Must be a "feature".
It looks dated.
Oh I love that green/teal.
7:32 Apple Team : Take notes
This is a great review to help someone make a purchase decision! Talks about everything
I didnt like your review for the first time honestly... I love your videos and apple, but idk what went wrong with you this time
Studio looks like you're sitting in front of a green screen.
THIS IS FOR THE PLEBS
"This is for the plebs" - Dave2D, 2021
Get use to this ugly machine for the next 10 years.  Next upgrade 2031.  All of the CPU could be put in the stand.  Voila no chin.
Hey dave, your new setup is awesome 🤩🤩🤩. Everything just fits perfectly. Loved it man 👍
I don't get what the issue with having a table is 😂 were you really going to hold the iMac in your hands whilst standing throughout the entire video
I'll just be honest...d background sucks ☠
so... will it run Crisis?
Reviewed better than MKBHD .
It's sad that the coolest thing about this imac is the color and the power plug
totally expected dave to get the light blue version... am i living in a different universe
The most portable desktop ever!
This needs to be your set up for reviews. As soon as I saw you sitting next to this product with a sweater, I got Mr. Roger vibes, which is perfect!
Wow. You nailed it. Fast forward to everyone copying you. (me included!)
If I were to buy a new iMac, I would place an  sticker on the chin (probably an iPhone or iPod one, since the ones included with the iMac look quite big...)
I have shirty apple products but should admit that the white basilz are beautiful
That “This is for the best plebs” impression, always appreciate your open-mindedness
How can you recommend the M1 Macbook Pro to pro users but not the M1 iMac
I like this setup Dave! Keep experimenting it's exciting!
What watch are you wearing @dave?  Looks like some GShock?
Who on Earth would use a computer in such a tiny space at the corner? LOL dude should just put a plant there instead.
Me :So what's better in new iMac? Dave : yes Me: What? Dave : G.R.E.EN
Hi Dave, not sure who your indoor architect is but man, it is clean!
love the new Set!!!!
This green color remind me hospital.
The most genuine and sorted reviews out there.
Have you considered using moisturizing creams on your hands? :(
Make their product look better from the outside but worse (THAT FRIGGINCHIN!) for the user himself. Classic Apple
What type of person has a desktop in their kitchen?
That chin is worse than the iphone's notch. Too distracting and you cannot upgrade the specs. Easy pass.
Stick the apple stickers on the front where the logo should be
I loved your kitchen!
This is an entry level iMac. High end one coming. Comparing this to the 27” in not the right comparison.
your videos and reviews are getting better and better
this video looks like Dave is interviewing the new iMac, please keep doing this, mate hahahahha
I like this setup. You look like you are in your element.
I kinda was expecting your thoughts on the future of the iMac Pro
Ngl that screen looks like it was made in early 2000
Favorite setup with the latest set of videos so far Dave. Feels like a nice happy medium between having a table in front and standing talking to the camera.
I understand, I think it is a very good move. I am not an apple fan, by no means, especially being a 3D artist, but I think this is perfect for so many people. You did not talk about the price and I have not bothered checking, but I hope this new type of iMac comes at a lower price. I mean, before, if you wanted an iMac, you had to buy a powerful thing, even if you were not going to use it to its full potential, but now you have this! I like all in one computer, even if you could not tell because of my obnoxious msi tower -_-
It boggles my mind how Apple didn't take the opportunity to re-design the magic mouse
That's a review LOL
Imagine unboxing imac in wrong way and watching it slam on the floor 🥶
It’s a laptop in a desktop shape. Yeah?
I am so glad that video didn't start with you walking from the back. Loved the video getting better at the new setup, GJ.
Let's be honest, its ugly with those bezels. Let's just be honest.
New studio"?
I thot u said "No Table"??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
White bezels and the chin are very bad choices.
That's an ugly chin
Always unbiased!  thank you, Dave.
Couldn’t Apple put two M1 chips and double the performance?
10:01 , i died.
This is for the plebs! 🤣🤣🤣 10:00
I think a less magnetic charging cable + small internal battery for moving the computer / or if the cable falls out would've been a really cool addition
Dave your house is really beautiful
Love the table and set up of this video. Pls keep doing it!
looks like apple is using their iphone processor strategy with their macs. what does that mean? it means that apple will just use one processor for an entire generation of products. for example all the iphone 12 variants uses the same processor. From the Pro to the Mini, all use the A14 bionic. The only difference between all the iphone 12 devices are the bells and whistles you get at the different price points. This is the same for all the M1 macs so far. All use the M1 processor. But sold at different price points with different features. For example, the mac mini has no features besides the basic hardware while the imac gets the screen, keyboard etc, while the laptops also differentiate themselves with things like keyboards, screen quality and fans.  So just like the iphones, the mac cpu performance wont be that different.   People are going gaga over the "rumored" M2 or M1x chip coming out soon. I bet these wont come up until the next year as part of the next gen upgrade. And by then the iMacs and Mac minis will eventually get the M2 chip as a generational upgrade.  What is more likely to happen is that the new 16in macbook pro will get the same M1 chip but with more/faster ram, faster ssd, better screen etc
10:00 lmaoo
A E S T H E *T H I C C*
So basically a laptop you cant carry around. But its green, big wow.
why does this man appear in a underground safe
Hey Dave, it's a new studio right? Maybe take down your back lighting a bit? Are you still using the same front lights as before?
2:14
How do you get this great sound in this environment?
Ngl it looks really nice
The dislikers are clown🤡
Less power is good naa, bills ! Heating
Apple so cheap that they only put two USB ports on the basic model...
iMac lite/ iMac Pro
The bezel colour should be same colour as model colour if you ask me.
he has legs!
I just wish to have all those wallpaper he rocks every single time. Damn they are smooth
those thick bezels are hideous.
Doesn’t want to use tables… next video uses table
Dave: it’s different from any other computers.  Reality: it just looks like a regular monitor painted in saturated colors.   No one will converse me that this new mac is not ugly.
Dude it's just color. Why are you spending so long talking about the color which is a literal subjective choice and should be at the end of your priorities when reviewing a device? I love your videos for their honest opinions and even appreciate your personal anecdotes but this is too much
Damn  I want that wallpaper now Link?
i hate the chin I hate the removal of the logo from the chin and the back looks 10 times better than the front. Really reminds me of something Google would make, after trying to emulate something Apple would make
This is the best set so far you've done. I love how personal it feels
Dave, be patient when saying that IMac "used to be" more powerful than the laptop division as Apple is just building up their SoC Family. I think shockingly more powerful with newer chips which gradually will replace the Intel family.
curios imac with Vesa Mount
Without a chin it would look like any generic monitor
Sky is Blue , Blue is Dave. But blue is missing this time. I never check sky colour. I want Dave to be Blue. 💙
So now we're saying IPS has bad viewing angles? That's new.
I prefer Face ID to Touch ID.   I live in the UK and in the winter the skin on my fingers gets dry and Touch ID on my iPad stops working. I retrain Touch ID periodically, but it seldom lasts more than a few days.  On my iPhone, Face ID always works perfectly.
This the best setup for videos I’ve ever seen Dave!
Love this setup with the whole table and dave arrangement! :))
Most of the comments and probably likes are about him sitting rather than the product.
i would stick the apple sitcker on the front of the imac
We like this mini-table review 😎 #ReviewWithTable
you should really ask Adidas for a sponsorship deal :D
I did not know that electronics have to match your house theme until today.
Nowadays I like your videos more than MKBHD and I'm amazed in a cool way
OMGGGGGG STICKEEEEEEEEEEEERSSS
I’m glad the major reviewers I follow all have different colours. Got me watching all the reviews.
are you in the new season of prison break :D
Which Casio watch are you wearing, I'm addicted to that color. Want to buy one for me. Anyone help me.🥰🥰
It's so ... tiny. Hopefully they release a space gray 32" iMac with a 6K display and M1X CPU.
Facebook machine ftw
That wall looks like cgi at this angle
can we talk about how the charger on the mouse is still on the underside?????
Overpriced trash, as usual.
I love Apple, but I’ve gotta say I hate how sometimes they choose looks over functionality. The white bezels don’t really do it for me but that’s just my opinion
Just throwing it out there, how about a green screen on table and make it disappear in video editing, would look more interesting or maybe like a standing desk .
Setup looks great!!
I really don't like the chin and bezels. Hope they change this in next versions. Great video as always!
So, re-wind and do "UnBoxing" ...cardboard, plastic, wires for this -&-that, the huge power-brick (!),  but what about the Environment that Apple was 'soooo' worried about by robbing us of the iPhone 12 charger-?!?!  It's all just a pony-show.
Color, Color, Color,Color.... Oh my good 😡
the aio looks very retro
Problem this machine has is the hype train set of at such thunderous speed with the M1 laptops the expectation is already practically in orbit.
Bro your kitchen is honestly beautiful what the hell
I like white bezels.
awesome
Tbh it sucks, the only interesting thing about this Mac is the power cable.
*T H I S   F O R M A T   I S   P E R F E C T  ! ! !*
IDK why but my eyes physically pain when I see that chin. Like, I have a laptop with a chin too but this one is making my eyes hurt.
Is that a Casio watch? No smart watch? 🤣
OCD getting pleased
iMac Pro is coming with M2 and a new design, for professional.
You're talking about IPS as if it's a bad thing just because it loses a tiny bit of colour if you turn it 89° You wouldn't work on it at that angle anyway  Go try out a TN panel and come back lol
I wish they made it all-color bezel or all-white bezel.
Why don't you have transitions and sound effects on your video? It will make it more interesting..
The garrulous starter microbiologically attend because quality fundamentally continue apropos a awesome luttuce. numberless, useful passive
Dave, you need a fancy barstool in the studio..
Table to the side is good, should stand tho, unless he's the kind of person to keep rebalancing on one foot and then the other. Regardless, love this approach.
The large bezels and giant chin make it look cheap and dated.  Apple is cutting costs while keeping prices high...  It's just a mounted high end IPad that costs more, with a cheapo IPS panel.  I went through their online store, built one on their with the "max" Options of a terabyte of storage and 16 gigs of ram... around $2600 CAD after taxes.  It's such a laughably bad rip-off, I'm amazed at how stupid people are who don't understand the pricing of computers,and own anything from Apple.
Are those speaker baffles in the large open space behind the screen? How come no one seems to mention this?
Much better camera placement
The specs, especially the speakers and mics, make this a great general work computer. This will kill it for video conferences, Excel, Word, PPT, etc. And even play games well and do a good amount of video editing. But it isn't a Pro computer for sure. For $1800 you are getting a really good, all around set up if you are good with the looks (which I find weird).
How do you keep your house clean mate? Its so f ing white!!!!
Getting that framing right. 👌 I enjoy this presentation style a bit more
Nice house!
The worthless unshielded tellingly arrive because washer evocatively bleach between a testy hope. fancy, sticky salary
Love the new 2:1 aspect ratio. :)
Face ID would be a bad idea. What if u bought something by accident and it was to late cover ur face and then u bought the thing u don’t want and anything else, but Face ID to unlock and Touch ID to buy something like that is fine
Just get a Mac mini with M1 and a nicer bezeled screen
Screw the iMac lets talk about the table and stool
Torn between demanding a house tour because oh my god it looks gorgeous.......and respecting Dave's privacy. hahhaha. In terms of the device though, I hate that big chin. I would rather have a bump in the back for the components, and let the screen fill the whole front.
Love this format Dave!
The whole front should be white, it looks whack like this. Colour on the back is good, but not on the front, it looks like a toy.
Great Review. Not a fan of the chin but this is definitely impressive 😄
They got green wrong 🥲 I’m okay
Magsafe on a desktop with no battery. #innovation
This setup is good
Your communication skill is impeccable!!! The only time music was played was during the intro and outro. Not even a second was I bored throughout the 10 min video. So concise and clean delivery. Love this video!
The only good news for environment is the braided data cable. Finally Apple got to know what kind of cable can last longer I thought Apple just can't remember.
They should of made it thicker so they could get more into the computer
Part of the appeal of the m1 on laptops was the battery life to performance ratio. I feel like they could’ve added more performance cores at least because they have unlimited power.
MKBHD vs D2D - the Ying and Yang of bezels 👍❤️
"I'm a dude that likes white bezels" You are a rare species
This was a very good setup for the vid :)
I think the "sitting next to the product" is a great alternative to the "behind the table" thing.
Linus: socks and sandals. Dave: socks.
I'm still not convinced Dave is sitting. Dave bought fake legs in a half pretzel.
Actually, the whole computer is in the back bezzle
As another youtuber said, the bezels are probably for sticky notes. Since so many people are working from home now, smart design for the intended demographic
I Gotta say, this setup up is most warm, cosy and inviting above all the previous ones! I hope you keep it this way.
quiet audio in this video.
What if I'm already a sub and I loved it?
GODDAMN THIS GUYS HOUSE IS NICE
Weird studio, like it's a hi-tech lab.
nailed the table and now it is much better than old place
How comes it wasn’t blue?
Buy a mac to fit well in the kitchen 😒🤔
Love my M1 MBP, waiting until they beef up the chips to grab on of these.   Nice setup, Dave!
Why do gaming monitors have such big backsides but apple made a screen with all this stuff the size of an ipad
Tech Review of a PC, and First World Problem Review. "yes i have a white spot in my house, oh no i can't put a pc there. Black bezel, IMPOSSIBLE!" "Ah yes, i chose this PC(completely unrelated because of hardware capabilities) WHITE BEZEL!"  The house has harmony now.
Nice background filter!
Love this format, the framing of the A Roll is perfect.
I'm not a Mac fan and would never buy this, but damm it looks good
Good call getting rid of the aquarium and I love this position in front of the desk!
Is it possible to use M1 iMac as PC’s monitor?
One of the best Review for New iMacs seen till now. Great Job !!!
I don’t know 🤷🏻 what is good 😊  But I think 🤔 a white table may good with this setup .
Seems like dbrand should make a sticker to cover the white if you want it
_Some old Apple still looting peoples wallets_ *Pathetic*
*tHiS iS fOr tHe PlEbS*
Maybe just me but from the front, it looks reaaly cheap, like something from Alibaba..
Everybody seems to want FaceID on an iMac. But think about it: It would be a nightmare in an office environment. You lock it while talking to a client so they don't see sensitive things on your screen…and then you glance at it to see the time, and it unlocks. Oops! FaceID just doesn't make sense for the Mac.
lack of A E S T H E T I C more like jesus that thing is ugly
Charging the Magic Mouse 😅
Looks like its from 2008
Loving your new studio. Looking clean man. Loved that unboxing too, apple's attention to detail is crazy.
The target audience for this iMac is not professionals
Mkbhd: hates the look of the laptop  Dave: absolutely loves it
I have to say the sitting pose feels a little forced with the crossed legs and arms. I like it but I don’t love it. 😆
What happened to 4K big dawg?
Nice video Dave! But how is it possible to swap out the black Touch ID with a white one and keep it working?
THE PRODUCTION VALUE REACHED THE 4th DIMENSION DAVE4D
the bezels still feel very thick for a 2021 screen
The only remark I have on this review is the comparison with the (professional) 27" Imac with 5700 XT. That's a different product category vs this smaller model. The fact that the M1 already 40% of the performance of that 5700XT for an "entry-level" desktop imac is pretty mind blowing. Pretty sure we can expect a 27" imac with M1X soon. He also says so in the review.  So it's less a criticism to this product, and more a caveat for professionals that this may not be their product range. Does not having the M1 make a standard Ipad bad? No, it's just targeted towards another audience vs the Ipad pro. Fyi, a "normal" cinebench R23 for the geforce 3060 is around 10k points. And that card would not fit in such a design at all. So the M1 is in fact a great option, even for professionals. It's just not the best. That's the compromise you make with this design.
It's so well lit that you look like you're talking with a greenscreen behind
damn...looks so fine... Dave and the iMac as well
I too love white bezels, I think they look much better compared to black bezels and would always prefer to buy a white bezeled device compared to a black one. Please continue to do this Apple.
Right now it's basically a bigger MacBook without a battery? I see no reason to buy the iMac over the M1 MacBook, or am I missing something severly? I was hoping for atleast a 1,5 times the performance ish.
yes i agree !! marketing is a bad thing and apple is not really up to it this time.. an imac should be more, at least the m1x chip would have been a game changer, like this honestly and with the chin is not appealing and even the lack of ports.. not happy with this redisign .. i like the back and slim factor, but that's it.. things you don't really see once you put it against a wall..
Seeing the first few frames after intro had me like huh, this is Apple's marketing video? The new space looks sweet!
Can you do the gaming test on this iMac ? Just Curious . .
Too much biase.. Unsubscribed.
May I suggest some hand creme
that's much better that carting a table in the frame!
How much they paid for review?? Unsubscribed
Man your studio is so clean 👌
I feel that this is a basic appliance, much faster than last 21 inch it’s replacement, but not for super serious pro work, it is capable but not the 27 inch or the pro level. I also don’t mind the chin, it props up the display to a good height.   As you say, this is a kitchen or a high end shop or clinic device, over qualified maybe, but feels like that’s the aim for this appliance. Definitely not for tech.
Mr.2D could I have those Apple stickers please?
Imac for kitchen ? D2D: that's how it's done.
nice house..
I would get the mac mini and a lg 2k display to make it even more pleasing in looks. That mice and trackpad are useless.
I'm still not sure if you are sitting or not.
No one but actors in promotional videos put a computer in their kitchen.
Dave is 101% asian. Doesn't wear shoes indoors
Those eyes , Dave is definitely high .
emerald green is pretty poggers
Magic Mouse can magically fuck off.
The color is awesome
this guy bought an imac for aesthetic?
😍😍I just want that cable!
Alright, I thought this design was mediocre until I see the set in green. This product is still not me functionally, but  I 100% vibe with the new iMac aesthetically!
I think you got the table situation figured out
I already assumed it to be the case, but damn. Dave's house looks amazing. As expected.
gracias bro!
That Chin.
Bottom bezel is derp
Dave, I'd love to see you thinking of new ways and perspectives to present the products. But I gotta say this framing is so great and it feels like the right way to do.
Dave teaches his kids well. There’s no sign of stains or crayon in that all white kitchen
Unbelievable but each table solution appears better than the previous one. Love from Spain
He is 100% sitting down this time.
NICE AWES0ME C00L_   VIEWED * 🍨🍚🍚🍚🍚🍚🍔🍟🍟🍟🍟🏁 💨 🍮 🥧  ❗ 🐬 🌺 🥀 🌹 🌷 🍁  🐅 🐆 🐯 🍣 🍣 🍣 🥘 🍨🍨
oh...... that is so ugly old design and look cheap stupid
amazing vid :)
This Guy is FINALLY sitting, I can rest in peace now :)
I am not at all interested in this particular product or the brand in general, but I do like how you've set up the presentation space. It feels like you and the product are just casually sitting there talking tete-a-tete. The connection feels more organic, or borderless even, than just presenting it on the table.  Great job!
It actually only has thunderbolt 3, not 4. It has usb 4 which is almost the same as Thunderbolt 3. Great video!
unexpected dillon francis
Rocking that DW5600 i see.
this set up is cool
wow! this thing has almost the same juice of an used 200$ lenovo laptop!! You gotta pay for those colors mir?! lol.
apple being a shit once again not putting vesa mount options and forcing the use of the stand. wee.
I love the different styles you're trying out which keeps it interesting
Best
That whole all in one is lighter than my monitor which is roughly the same size.
Nobody is going to put the sticker on the chin? 2 is too much to choose from I guess
I rather buy a laptop and a monitor for that money than a laptop that can't move.
Looks like green screen
Its just 51 watts power useage so they can manage battery in next year iMac's to movie like a laptop
As cool looking at the new iMac is, I really hope Apple does not make the higher end as thin. For people who need to do real work, the thinness and lightness of a desktop computer is totally irrelevant. If you want something thin, get a laptop. I want my desktops big with lots of power delivery, cooling and ports.
Give it time that white will turn yellow.
Shoutout to Dave for wearing socks in the studio. Love the industrial home-y vibe!
COMPUTER USERS, Press 8 on your keyboard to have some fun
All these YouTubers posting iMacs gave me the vibe of power rangers !
honestly, all I took from this is dave saying apple sucks. lol which I agree.
Dude, it's not an iMac _Pro._ It's a pretty 'lifestyle' device.
That's the look right there.... I think you found it👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
Do we know if it will support video in from those ports? Thinking about getting one for the kid but I think he would like to also use it as a monitor for other stuff.
Apple: What color do you want? Dave: *_GREEN_*
New video new table
Why all tech reviewers upload the new iMac Video on the same time.?
Woah… background looks like a green screen. I like it
Do you think it’s good enough to edit 4K video smoothly?
Nice machine horrible company. Right to repair please vote call your local politician's we pay hard cash for product's corps deliberately make throw away product's.
This set up I like!
whats the  response time and the hz on that display ?
5:47 kcchhh😎
Hate to be that guy but just to specify, they are thunderbolt 3/usb-4 ports
baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaddddddddddddddddddddd the white
Hey Dave, that all-white SE is incredible—how did you address the home button, seeing as all the SE buttons are black and paired to the device? Did you use an aftermarket button and just forgo Touch ID?
I swear at the start of the video I thought he was using a green screen
10:01 bruh 🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 you need a monocle with that tone 😂😂🤣
Im a graphic design professional who just purchase m1 mba, I want to expand my work by learning animation, did i make a bad decision? :(
I definitely feel like when he’s reviewing a tech product that’s pretty big like a pc he should do videos this way. Not sure about phones though lol especially when you pull out multiple products.
Why no SD card slot? I was always led to believe that iMacs were used by ALL photographers, and therefore Apple made the necessary accommodations for that primary market.
the thicc boi M2 chips that are rumored should fair nicely with how successful the M1 series has been.
I absolutely love how confident and comfortable Dave looks while he's sitting and showing off the machine, it makes me forget every past benchmark and sets a new one right here
Dude your house is LIT!!!!!
Apple does it again, no room for competition, this thing stands alone by far. No way any other could come any close. I love this product so much.  I gotta get one. 😍
This is for the plebs! 😂
The green is soooo. Ebeautiful
Accoutrements!
Why not sell the colored bezels as covers that the consumer can “snap” on. This would solve the problem if you move and your environment changes, your computer can change with it? Btw, pastels are so ‘The Gap’ circa 1990’s
That chin bar is aweful.
I'm not gonna lie, I really like this product. I'm not going to buy it or anything, but I appreciate it. It's a better family computer than the previous gens and it looks stunning.
So you're saying it's magUNsafe.
GOD Bless All of you, Good Wishes and Best of Luck & Love From Pakistan Allah Bless All of you. Good Wishes And Best of Luck & Love From Lahore Pakistan,
I legit thought dave would get the blue version
Today dave sat throughout the video 🙄.  He rarely does that.
I love the white bezels! I had white bezels since the 80s apart from the last decade. I don’t know why the fuss.  Also I love the green colour. I think i will go with the orange one. I think you need a hover desk. It is a thing yet?
Nice studio man! What an upgrade!
I dunno, I come to the channel for the pretty colors
Here i was thinking IPS was good for viewing angles... huh. TIL i guess
Christ that's ugly
At las! He sat on the chair!(and i like it)😎
All the youtubers whom got these imacs doing the same review. I guess this scrip was sent from apple to them. even the box thing is same. Please be more FREEE
Legit looks like your filming in front of a green screen- new studio looks so good.
Dave's watch ?
This is how Dave has to sit for all videos going forward
I am more interested in watching different set up in each video. Hope you continue the same.
Skipped Marques's video to watch Dave. NGL.
Really liking the new setup. Much better than the no desk or the rollup desk
this has a very futuristic video feel
So, it's for interior designers, got it.
This feels like a tv show
being someone whose parents bought an all in one for "aesthetic" i recommend not getting this and just building a desktop
on point as always.. thanks Dave!
Looking at the Adobe Photoshop, Adobe After Effects, Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe Illustrator, I was hoping for you to talk about that on this device.
Looks nice, but I don't use or buy Apple products out of principle
It's like a toy computer, not really into the looks or the hardware tbh
That is one ugly looking Apple iMac, what were they thinking, it looks like the found different parts from different manufacturers and made that product.
The magic mouse is still charge like that?? tf
The coolest looking computer i have ever seen
Nice, this setup looks really really neat now, can be tweaked a bit but yes it's really nice how you guys covered the frame
Do we care how good our computers look now. As long as the computer is powerful and upgradeable who cares how it look
Another suggestion your house study table depth should be more in my opinion.. Overall good video.
I love the iMac as it is what I use at home  I so want for it to be touchscreen  The accessories need to be updated as I so want a mechanical keyboard on the iMac.  I would love a mixture between a stream deck and a mechanical keyboard.  It would be good with the mouse as it has an embarrassing charger 🔌.  I would love the mouse to charge like the g wireless pro using the mousemat as a wireless charging pad.  I so wanted for them to take a note out of Microsoft book with the surface studio. With the stand on a hinge that goes up and down.  I don’t understand apples logic on putting a fantastic screen and webcam on the iPad Pro but not moving it over to the iMac. They run the same chip.  I am annoyed with the bezel I thought we would see Face ID even thou it is not that great I still want one as my iMac is old , the storage options are rubbish 256gb for the base model. What century are apple living in and the same with the ports.
its the same as all M1 devices.
That wide Bezels irritate a lot 🙏
This man is doing a review in Halo.
This is a cool angle stick with this even for laptop reviews
Dude he went onto match his socks with the imac colour!! Haha! Some level of commitment! <3
Dave, buddy I LOVE this approach. Looks like a keynote where you're chilling and talking about a product you like
Wait you get a track pad & a mouse
What timeline are we in where we can say "IPS Technology is just limited in viewing angles" IPS was the viewing angle KING back in the day. Crazy town.
THAT CHIN
Your kitchen is insane😍😍😍😍
Does anyone know what the outro song is called?
The colour Dave loves 😍
Dave: (Moves away to divorce the table) Table: (Quietly comes along)
Hmmm.. Green colour; closest to "Teal Blue" you could get your hands on :P
Omg thank you so much for changing the camera angle from one corner of the room. Feels so better now :)
Guys i swear dark teal colored apple sticker is meant to be stuck on the chin of the iMac.
Can't get my eyes off this ugly white borders
This guy and his love for teal. "If it's teal he gets the deal"
What a dreadful keyboard. Thanks for the review, now I am certain it is just like the Apple laptops it is not worth buying.
Talking about higher end models getting rid of the chin - fully agree, their segmenting the iMac into two lines, consumers and professional. Consumer device is very design and user experience focused. Professional is thicker with no chin, IO (10Gbe ethernet), matte black bezels(???), more professional oriented, and has a price to reflect it. Both are great products exactly for their demographic. Honestly I want to hate Apple I just can’t.
nice G-Shock god tier watch
Hi Dave, I like your watch, what is it? Casio?
Oof, i kinda hate apple and I really don't like MacOS but damn are those Macs beautiful. Makes me wanna get one just for the aesthetic. I mean, even the cables are color matched, i love it but I'd never use it lol
Okay, I still hate it 🤢
Does Touch ID work for multiple users?
What’s new? Design and a processor. Zzzzzzz….
CUSTOM PCs FTW!!
just WAIT until iMac Pro born.
wow we need a house tour
Moved into a house?! RIP 80 John
The chin is so ugly.
Ok, 1 love your house 2 really dislike that computer, it's like if I have a PC it's because I need something stronger than my laptop, I could always buy a monitor for my laptop. This really makes no sense to me honestly.
Ok, my manz house is b e a u t i f u l.
I’ll have to wait for black bezel and no chin
Imagine paying 1700$ for something you can't even play AAA title games on with decent frames. And say goodbye to Machine learning and model training.
Apple: let's colour match everything Also Apple: white bezels please
Stop pretending you don’t need a table
Thanks for a great video, Dave. The big question, yes, I mean the BIG question, is what the color matched sticker looks like, when placed on the otherwise logo less chin. 🍏
Be careful in kitchen as white marble stains super easy. Use a cutting board and avoid anything on counter as possible.
Ok now that's one   *G O R G E O U S*   device!
Is it just me or the iMacs in reviews by MKBHD or Dave look like dummy models. Like there just something about the screen that makes me think that the iMac is a dud.
Headphone jack is an accident waiting to happen.
first time to see a video where you can see Dave's pants. I'm disappointed he doesn't wear white pants.
Hey, this is the setup I suggested in an earlier video. Yes I’m biased, but after seeing it I think it works really well.
This is it Dave! Table to the side and you talking to the camera. Great connection with the audience, display of the product, and no weird over the head camera. Great vide as well, quick and to the point.
As calm as "TEAL" !!!
Love the Aesthetic tho.
Very honest review. Thank you dost. Its good but not better than m1
I am surprised dave didn't drag his table in the intro and then put the computer on top of it
I like watching Dave and Marques for any tech reviews. Mainly because they are very peacefully talking in the tech review
8:54 This comparison is insane - a chip that draws less than 1/10th of the power of 5700 XY is already achieving almost half the performance is mind blowing and shows how formidable M1 is 🤯
Did you have it on and unplug?
Hoping, Apple don't do this White Bezels shit to the MBA coming down late this year.
Why does this new set remind me of that  "Gideon room" vibe from the Flash
I hope the stupid white bezels won't come to the redesigned MacBook Air, and keep the space Gray option. I also hope to see Face ID and centre stage on the new MacBook Air.
1:49 he had to somehow bring "teal" in it
Ok. But the guy with the Terminator sticker on his car...... brilliant.
Nkce
IMacs have always been a lifestyle device so I understand the white bezels.
Haha It is ok to say that this is more for the home user that just wants to check email, do social media and listen to music. I don't think they'll get too offended mate. :p
Comparing 24" imac to 27" imac...
Touch ID over face ID. I hate Face ID
I am pretty sure Apple iMac 24" are USB4 and Thunderbolt 3 (USB4 includes Thunderbolt 3), not Thunderbolt 4. You will need Intel processor that supports Thunderbolt 4 to have Thunderbolt 4 ports.
Given that it's clearly supposed to look pretty and fit into a home rather than being designed as a computational powerhouse it looks ok. A bit steep in terms of price but I can easily see people paying the premium just to have a good looking device that covers 90% of their needs while looking like it belongs in the space.   My only issue is with the camera ( really the stuff we get on phones is a couple of generations away from a small telescope but on a laptop or all in one it's barely better than a potato... ) and the cables. REALLY Apple !? Lightning cables for the peripherals ?! In freaking 2021 ?!
Idk what it is but Dave just looks cuter and cuter every day
I would have been sure you would get the blue/teal one :P
as i am getting older, I prefer color of black....somehow bright white strains my eyes...
saving electricity is great
so apple to have a better front cam on ipad then on the new redesign of imac,next model probs or next 16 inch laptop😂
Dave's Bright background is like the Monitor having white bezels. Lol
Just stick that apple sticker on the front chin😂
The chin will not disappear for a loooong time, this is a design choice and Apple typically sticks to that sorta thing for many years. It's like the notch on iPhones. Cute when the iPhone X came out, but already outdated 2 years ago; they still stick with it. If anything, future versions will see reduced bezels and when the iPhone 14 comes with behind-the-screen cameras, that will be when the iMac will have close to no bezels anymore, just a chin. The chin might shrink, too, but it will remain. Otherwise it'd look like a Microsoft Surface device.
8 mins on design, 2 mins on computation
Anyone got a link to the watch and Adidas hoodie Dave is wearing?
I like this green color best.
I like 'The next thing' by Dave2D!
What….where are you?
This setup I like!
Next time they will remove mac power adapter too.
Is it good For Editing Purpose?
Can't for Ipad Pro M1
Honest review ❤️ no nonsense
when apple is offering free accessories, you know they make too much and they want to compensate for you a little
As long as the reported 32" version isn't like this, then were fine.
Hi Dave. I really like the camera angle now. I don't know how toy feel about it but this for me is better
I’ve never been so attracted to a piece of aluminum like that before
Dave I like this set up and camera angle compare to previous few videos! Keep on experimenting with your new space!
Apple: We are saving the planet by using fewer boxes! iMac box: CHECK ME OUT!
It’s like.. sexy and.. sexy again
want black bezels? use black matte tape and get dim room lights
Won't it topple is pushed from the top on accident?
Dave....your crib is C L E A N!!!!! Dude. Top notch.
Is this 90's?
who gives an F about the bezzle this guy talks rather about bezzles than actual performance.
Apple's removes chargers : we're saving planet b reducing 2 inch of cardboard  * continues to pack shit ton of cardboard and papers in every other product.
Who else rewinded just to see his kitchen again?
Please review the Alienware's M15 R5
Don't worry, Dave. We all know this computer is for the plebs.
Does anyone just like the cables, they look sooo clean
the more powerful GPUs will be reserved for the more powerful future 27'' (could be 30'') iMacs. These new smaller iMacs are are some places like a University Library..
Dave working at Star labs lmao
Fair review No unnecessary hype like most of them out there
@Dave2D this is the best setup so far, i can see what you are reviewing yet it feels like we are in the same room!!
Make the base variant so unusable (ports) that everyone is forced to buy the updated higher variants.
your videos are very lovely ^^
Dbrand is happy about this
Round Cinebench icon ugh :P
the perfect solution for everybody!
Dave : loves white, but didn’t figure out how to cut some card stock to make white bezels for his old iMac XD
No frickin way I would have to use dongles on a desktop pc
Nice to see some color in the computer space again. I'm so tired of seeing the same old black or silver laptops and desktops.
Wanted to say that Discord changed their logo 10:33 as of recently
I prefer the shooting angle from the corner that shows off the cool doors in the background.
that mouse charging upside down rather than letting you actually use it while it's charging is the perfect example of form over function
You got some OP OCD!
I just bought a phone case in this dark green type colour that the back is lol
Table👀
Your house is truely beautiful
Longshot but I’m really curious, is the power cable flexibel enough to wall mount the iMac with a thin VESA bracket? My current setup is a M1 Mac Mini with a wall mounted display and i’m considering switching to this instead because of the display, and it would look super clean. Just don’t know if the power cable will interfere with the wall..
Imo the 27"-iMac comparison is not fair, the new iMac is an entry model and those iirc never had great gpu performance. Also: what was the Price for the 5700xt-models?
Yoooo that Terminator decal on the Corvette was MEAN.
Sorry but all I can think of is that disgusting chin: No bezels ok? This isn't a phone or tablet or even a laptop that you handle with your hands, it can afford to be just *A LITTLE* bit thicker to get rid of the stupid chin. Sorry but this is just an Apple tactic to sell you the pro version that will no doubt look a hell of a lot better than these.
The background looks so fake, but it's real I miss your old set
Out of curiosity, since performance is similar, why not buy a 13inch m1 mbp and also a monitor?
Dave Stark
APPLE : You know what ❤🧡💛💚💙💜🤍 take them all..... APPLE lovers : 😍🤩 wow I see Christmas is early with 🤩🌈🏳️‍🌈 rainbows. Dave : Where is my colour? 😭 APPLE : Oops..... Sorry 😞 let me talk to the designers... Dave : (desperately 😶) You know what let me just spray paint it 💙. Next Day Breaking news... APPLE gives away 100 Dave2D cyan 💙 colours. Dave : 🤤😇💙 new video for giveaway. (I don't mean to hurt others feelings its just for entertainment 🙃🙂) Love from INDIA 🇮🇳 😍🥰
overpriced youtube player
Getting a green or a blue!!
Dave , do you like cables ?
"this is for the plebs"  lmao
The new studio looks like the Dark Knight batcave. I half expect the walls to rotate and equipment and a batsuit to be there. is Dave Batman?
Can I say? I like your old room better. It's more chill.
this product..... who is it for?? but damn those aesthetics are super appealing
That watch you got on is fire
literally no one cares about the Mac and everyone is talking about Daves chair desk and room.
Different isn't essentially Good.
the "no table" content working just fine :)
im gonna be honest here, this new studio looks like a nuclear bunker
Boring af
At this point it's a given when it comes to build quality and hardware on Apple products. So, it's a pretty safe bet for casual users who don't want the headache at the cost of their freedom being hampered...
I like the "chin" makes it less like a plain old monitor... however, I am going to miss the Apple Logo on the front 😞.  BTW This is the first time my wife asked for a new computer since her G4 iMac!
To recap: It's the anti Sweaty Laptop Nerds computing device.
The white bezel is 💩💩
10 x M1 iMac reviews released at the same time.
So, just a colour-coded pos?
Dude...it is JUST the 21” replacement... so it is expected that it will be “just” that
It's thicker than an iPhone, the bezels are bigger than an iPhone, yet the webcam is still meh...   Come on Apple, I want rear smartphone camera levels of performance! We know you can do it and you must have tons of parts left over...
Why don't you do a studio tour? I really wanna know what you used for walls and floor
Please i need a free phone,so i can gift it to my mom on her birthday
Overpriced.
Dave should hang a wallpaper or something in the back and two plants in the corner, it would look great
r it's an incredible ugly computer
Man that emerald green on the back is beautiful! Wish the whole thing was that deep green.
lol it's a MAC...they can keep it.
Wow, an iMac... where's your aquarium tho?
I don’t like apple sometimes but can we just agree that apple is literally the best company for phones, computers and tablets out there even for sound quality. No other company puts this attention to detail on their products and unboxing experience. Apple truly makes the customer feel special. Other companies wish they were like this. I’m an android user with windows computers and I’ve never felt so special. Thinking about switching to apple products. Their build quality is impeccable. Those stainless steel iPhones make me dip Samsung’s
At least you got to review and not the stupid unboxing
That’s Thunderbolt 3 and USB 4, Dave !
That was an unfair comparison. It’s replacing the 21.5” iMac that was still using a 7th/8th intel processor & iris 640/AMD 555X/560X GPU in 2020.   People who are looking to buy this Mac aren’t power users. This will suffice.
Dave picked the green/teal one, I dont think any of us is surprised.
My complaint with the mouse is they fit the hand.
You gay 🖕
3:18 I am a professional colorist
Hey Dave! Nice video, but the lighting looks a bit off to me It’s a bit to dark imo…
Thankyou for the review and for the ending credit music,😀👍🏻
Are they really thunderbolt 4? Apple page says it's USB 4 and I thought USB 4 has thunderbolt 3 functionalities with some additional ones. Please clear my doubt.
Wait have i entered another dimension , where Dave2D gives review on home interio 😅
can you guys do a video about apple products for the converts? like what's in it, the difference between the mac and windows? and how does one ease into it coming from a windows platform?
I know people talk about mag safe being ... well, safe. Maybe for some instances but even with MagSafe it has yanked my (heavy) 2013 MacBook Pro laptop so MagSafe doesn’t mean anything to me lmao
Why are people keeping their computers in a KITCHEN?
Apple finally knew How to impress DAVE lee
It’s just built different
that white bizzle truly looks aweful
This video was more interesting to see than the product 👁️👁️
those reflections
I had a wonderful iMac in 2016.  15 days before Apple Care expiration the graphic card melted on the motherboard. Literally.  Apple said they were sorry and changed the whole unit with a new one.  So I sold the new unit and bought a PC. Now I still have a wonderful PC that runs like hell for the basic job I do <3
Why compare this M1 iMac's performance to the 27" iMac and to the 21.5" iMac it actually replaces? That aside, nice review. Thanks for showing the new MagSafe connector up close!
new version of icandy
Squirrel !
this is no longer about technology but about fashion.
All I was thinking: it opens like a pizza box 😂😂
are you getting bonus pay to talk like apple? or these days most company where they spend 90% of the time about the color.
I really like the way Dave presented this. The table isn't between Dave and the camera, but he's still showcasing the product.
it does look good though. i ordered 3 of these and i hope i like it. My first ever imacs.
Could it happen that the next mac simply come with two (2) M1 chips ???
I love the colors on them.  They look modern and fresh
Another awesome video Dave!
Your new studio is just Different. Better and worse.
I have to say Dave's house is really interesting how the walls, staircase and a part of the shelves look modern yet the cornices and kitchen are more classic
kMac
Lol this guy is loaded 💲💲💲💲
I love this style
viewing angles are limited in IPS panels?  What the industry have came to?!?
That looks as futuristic as 2016 :)
That chin is just ugly imo. I do like the green though.
Wow your house is beautiful, Dave.
This is the perfect table orientation in my opinion, looks professional as well as personal, please continue with this setup if possible. 🤍
What watch do you wear?
So the conclusion: everything is very imac
Yeah bro! You killed this video presentation
I agree that the Magic Mouse 2 sucks. I regret buying it so much.
Dave is there first reviewer I go to now!!   He’s got the perspective of a friend being honest. Dave first, then the others. I’ve even stuck MKBHD behind Dave in the line! 😂
dave might just buy a new place just because he cant figure out his table layout in this place
Great perspective, Dave. Appreciate the fair assessment. I was initially disappointed with this offering, but as you note, this model iMac is just a different beast than the last.
Is that The Frame TV on the wall?
mag safe on an imac is dumb IMO anyways. the cable is gonna be hidden behind a cable and all that
We now live in a time where people complain about IPS displays having bad viewing angels :o
I still cant believe Apple is putting the charging port of the mouse at the bottom. WHY.????
There. Should be a apple logo infront bezel also 🥺
This is the best framing in the new set thus far, IMO.
good format
professional colourist won't use iMac display to do the work tho :) but they look fantastic
That's not chin, that's sticky notes spaces. LoL
i hate that table dave, you should just carry all your review units on your hands, its more glamorous
Watching this first before MKBHD
holy shit your house is insanely fancy... I should do tech reviews.
Hifi gadget is always uploading your contain on Facebook instantly
Hate the colour and the white bezels. Not my thing, but fine if others like it!
Dave, your kitchen area slaps!
Anti reflective coating??😒 Is that true
Damn, Dave has a fucking beautiful home, so jealous haha
so its a macbook that you cant take with you, got it!
Dave, my favorite reviewer cause he gets to the point quickly.
its ugly sorry
I Like the new camera angle and composition. Nice.
People who know this stuff! Is there a chance that when Microsoft makes a truly ARM compatible Windows 10, I could use Windows on these new Macs? I need Windows but I really like this new direction Apple is heading to (looking at the hardware)
I’m a DJ and audio pro currently using the M1 Mac mini with a 49” Super Ultrawide display. I love it, and all that space was my choice. Plus the Mac mini is just 2.5 lbs when I need to relocate, but this is just 10 lbs, display included, and I think this would be a huge flex and awesome machine for DJ gigs. It has plenty of power and I/O to support a DJ controller, Ethernet and projector, and you’d remember if the DJ at your dance brought his colored iMac!
Seriously... The stand isn't a wireless charger for the mouse and your phone?  If only it had a higher refresh rate display and a numpad...
Color matched stickers - sold!
Yeah the iMac is good and all but man the texture on those walls is perfection !
First thing I'm going to do put the sticker on the chain,
We're gonna have, the Mac mini, Mac pro, iMac, iMac Pro, MacBook, MacBook Pro, iPad and iPad pro, and we're gonna be switching between current Mx for the no pro models, and the newer MX for the pro, which are going to improve he experience
I would prefer the chin in white as well. The entire screen white and color stand.
I want the purple accoutrements for the new iPad Pro I just ordered tbh... Wish they sold it separately.
bar setup...love it!!
Apple needs to allow a daisy chain on the iMac for an external monitor iMac.
Why does ur video not have closed caption??
Nice Home
Looks dated to me idk maybe because of the bezel lol
Those socks 😂
Looking at comments, there's a sizeable Indian population on Dave's Channel.
we want the white table back
meow
yes, the desk is back, thank the youtube gods....
If someone works better on a black iMac over a white iMac, can the iMacs call him racist???
YAYYYYYYY you fixed the table :)
If you accidentally plug off the cable, will the whole system turn off? Or does it still on for certain minutes?
Bring back the table. Will you please
Nice set up ❤❤❤
How do you feel the magic keyboard? I liked the previous one but is not as good as the keyboards prior to 2016 MacBooks, and even the magic keyboard of the iPad Pro is better.
10:01, I died laughing.
He just has to say teal....
Dave flexing his legs
I love the new devices and it’s true they look friendly with colors and the white bezels the chin would look nicer with an apple logo tho but other than that nice stuff 😊
U G L Y
FUCK apple propietary bullshit
Your recording office looks like you are recording it all on a green box and then pasting the background :)
This is the first iMac video I’ve seen today
7:02 It's thunderbolt 3/ USB 4
aight this setup fire
Dave from the prison cell. Man i cant get in to this new format.
For the first few minutes you had me worried as a Apple cheerleader😬. I like Apple products and have many Apple products in my house but this product looks too childish for me. Apple should have gotten rid of the giant bezels around the front of the screen. Come On Man - this is 2021, not 2011! Get with the program Apple !! Give us an iPhone quality webcam, instead of crappy old one! And for a desktop - you better give me all the different ports, not just usb 3! 🤦🏽
Wow, Dave is a tech interior designer! Give us a tour of your home and how you integrated tech and all of those devices.  What tech do you allow your kids to use?
look at that fancy house. shit this guy is loaded
MAC KAU HIJAU
Cool! Nice video ✌️
This iMac should be compared against the 21” iMac, not the 27” 😂
Really cool take on the iMac, thanks :-)
Do you use light theme?
This color is not good 😂
I’m sorry but this looks disgusting.
So this is where all the so called "save the earth and reduce plastic goes to"
Beautiful
I think that the desktops are always supposed to be superior to laptops. I don't get what this product really is! 🤔
OMG!! That chin and the white bezels are staring back at me
white bezels kill me
4:19 Yo Dave I love you and your videos but you need some lotion brother LOL
They should have kept the logo on the front, now it looks like a Chinese knockoff of a m1 Mac
what about switching to stainless steel trolleys? 🎈
colour
LoL !! Dave2d  and MKBHD dropped the iMac video on the same time.
Now thats a setup
Dave should’ve worn his S&S teal hoodie for this review.
Thats a huge ugly chin😭😭😭
Love this table setup.
Love this positioning
i like how nobody in the comments give two shits about the computer being presented, everybody talking about dave's table, chair and whatnot. pretty much sums up what an underwhelming product apple has made.
D2D: white or nothing MKBHD: Black or death
This arrangement looking great
Even if the bezel was the same colour as the chin it would’ve looked pretty good. But they had to go with white to make it look cheap
Can you use this with a windows PC?
What is the outro music ?
Anyone else in love with Dave's kitchen island? 2:39
idk, for me this product gets uglier the more i look at it. Seems so shabby and toylike
I think today's set up is decent.
go back to your old studio
I don't like the bezel
the back looks so nice, it's a shame they didn't make the front nicer
At this point i'm starting to believe that companies started releasing products with these slick colors because of Dave and for Dave !
What is that power connector? What is that IO? Is this machine a joke?
I'm looking at this and I'm watching this video because I'm enthusiastic about Dave. Fuck Apple.
What about no bezels
Was it just me that was constantly nervous about the iMac falling off from the edge of his table by how easily it's moving each time he rotates it.
Awesome for kindergarten class
I also made a video about this iMac https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r44cr1jrKg4 but your video is so much better!
It kinda looks like a Microsoft Surface Studio without the hinge
Hahahaha do the accent again!!! PLEEEEASE
I was waiting for the Waiter thing.
Lol do americans also use the term 'plebs'?
Dave, my guy, as you said in your previous vid that you didn't like tables much, why don't you just sit on the ground or make a big ass aquarium and review stuff on that? (given that the aquarium is sturdy as hell haha). and no, I am not ironically suggesting this to you ;)
Early review. No more embargo? ... uhmmm... a deal?
looks dated
It would have been interesting if they put the electronics in the foot of the device instead of having a chin.
Dave and the table.. still a better love story than twilight.
How does your iPhone SE home button work still? If you swapped that out? They are solid state, and replacements don’t work. 🤷‍♂️
is it just me that MKBHD mac looks smaller than this one
Hey there, I got a very specific question/problem regarding the Magic Trackpad ... i know this video is about the iMac but since the trackpad is mentioned maybe someone with the same problem reads this since up until now i have found just one person with this particular issue:  I have gone through 3 magic trackpads (from amazon) by now (ordered and returned) and tested 2 more at resellers and i have gotten very frustrated, since all of them have the same problem and I have found no one describing similar issues:  When I do a swiping motion from the outer right side (like really from the edge) to the left, the initial reaction of the curser is noticeably delayed. The problem gets worse if you do multiple short fast swipes behind each other from the outer right to the left. Its kinda hard to explain for me ...:  Imagine just using the outer 3-4cm of the right hand side of the trackpad and doing short fast swipes from right to left. In this case the trackpad doesn't even react at all. This happens on the whole outer right hand side (so not just in the middle or at the top, it seems like a stripe of 3-4 cm width on the outer right hand side is reacting delayed or not at all) Slow movements are just a little delayed but fast short ones are not registered at all.  The thing is, the same motions/actions work perfectly(!) fine on the left hand side. No delay, direct reaction. Even with the "short, fast swipes" everything works fine.   I have tried cleaning it, using a different finger (thought it might be cornea on my fingertip or something), resetting it to factory settings, using a different MacBook, lettings friends try, etc. same result.  It drives me mad in certain tasks like while working in PowerPoint or any other application where you need very fine precise motions.  Is this a general thing with the trackpads and no one cares ...? Like the usual "feature, not a bug" thing ^^?  Or do you think is there a chance that there is just a big faulty charge and waiting and buying in a few months could maybe do the trick?
If apple can put a M1 in an ipad, there's no reason they design such a stupid thick chin. And for this type of device, why we care about the thickness, it's not a laptop. I am just very confused about the design
No touchscreen = no deal.
No shoes?
damn, already look outdated with that chin.
This sitting with the table to your side layout is nice
Comparing it to the top spec 27" iMac instead of the 21.5" it replaced seems odd, I think it's pretty clear that there will be a 30" iMac replacing that at some point. What was the top spec in the 21.5" Mac for gfx and how does this direct replacement compare to that?
I think they were going for some kind "recent retro future" design. But it doesn't quite nail it. Removing the bottom bezel and using the color on the back as the color for the whole system would fix the look in my opinion.
What show is that at 5:30
eww
nice machine, horrible color.
New studio is dope
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LDIbe7HSWiE
This should've been cheaper. Mac Mini all the way!
Pretty cool device however I will wait for more powerful chipset and  Seeing how it easy to slide this device I will go for bluetooth headphone otherwise am afraid one day to see the I-mac fly away ^^
Apple is paying everyone for talking about white bezels 😉
Yo that setup with an angled table is it!
While everyone is talking about table, I found quite nice that Dave pointed out the rotating and snapping power connection so both power and ethernet pins connect correctly. I was curious about how did they fit all those ethernet wire connection in a circular plug, and my curiosity is satisfied now.
I want that sticker at 2:15 lol
I realise this is a personal opinion, but for me the colours are horrendous. The washed out pukey pastel colours? Ugh! If you like it great, but it would sure be nice if Apple gave us an option of a black version with black bezels.
Dave... I finally can say that I am feeling comfortable with your new videos again. This viewing angle and the table are so on point now again. Keep it exactly like that. I have nothing to complain anymore and your videos are top notch again
Damn! I might have totally changed my mind seeing one in actuality
2:33 - 3:05 as always, apple solving first world problems
Where is all the muscle I'm used to see with iMac's. It doesn't look like a powerful machine. Apple must be really trusting their new M1 chip's performance but I think it's not gonna be enough for an iMac computer. Expectations are highest when it's comes to an iMac. I really want to try this CPU anytime soon.
Can you use the display as a display, eg. by hooking up a computer to it? If not it's such a waste once the M1 hardware becomes more or less obsolete. Would rather a Mac Mini with a nice display. Same goes for any AIO.
beautiful home
Looks like he's interviewing it.
The fast-paced world of the tech YouTuber, where everything is judged against the future.
نحن ننظر في صمت لا نشتري فقط ننظر في صمت يا أبل😂😂😂 We look in silence We do not just buy We look in silence, Apple
thats the angle!! awesome dave!
watching dave like this is more excited than the imac with m1
M1 iMac Review: MKBHD, Dave
Away from the new iMac, I really enjoyed the new channel theme.
I notice a lot of the reviewers keep saying "I am not the best person to ask" whenever they talk about the design. Just say it, it looks stupid. Apple knows it, we know it, you know it. Just admit lol
Flippin heck Dave! Nice kitchen!
it's not mag safe it's _mag DANGER_
I agree white bezels are actually preferable in the home and at front desks at businesses.
junk
Perfect ok 👌
Fashion is a form of ugliness so intolerable that we have to alter it every six months.
Anyone notice redness of his skin!!
I still like see you walking into the studio, but I also like you sitting and talking. Complicated ^^
Ew
I don’t like bezels. There shouldn’t be any bezels. Edge to edge. No camera. Or one that can be added if you want. Like a magnetic connector in the back top. I feel that this is a money grab a little. I like the colors but they would need to add a lot more for me to buy an iMac which I don’t have and don’t need at the moment. I will in the future need one for my kids for school but at this moment it’s not there for me.
Probs your best video yet! Was this one take?
And no black... fuck that xD
Great review
I am not Apple person, but I have to say that I like how everything works together. This is a showcase of how things should look today. All computers should use these magnetic connectors, etc.
2:12 MKBHD want's to know your location
Le Dave2D sitting crossing legs and giving a review
We need to get Dave2D lightsaber back
you cant even play fortnite in one of those
This layout is perfect with the desk on the side
His studio reminds me of the few days I was in jail. 30 minutes a day we could throw a ball in a room like that
Apple needs to start selling those woven Lightning cables as a standalone product
Finally, a YouTuber with good taste in aesthetics. No irrational obsession of matte black, no love for RGB, just clean and bright setups
dave can you make a house tour
That Bottom Bezel is so Pathetic that it should be illegal in 2021.
This is the best seating arrangement
hey, can anyone please tell me the model of his watch?
2:40 Dave’s house is house goals.
@Dave2D how about a matte transparent table?
The white bezel has a meaning : less influence display color compare to iMac color. Otherwise, your perception of colors will be disturb by the iMac color itself.
So cyool.
And there’s the table.
I love you dave
I saw the thumbnail and I was like.. Not Blue?
I love the back color but not the front color.
love the new setup
Dave has mastered the art of making videos that are so pleasant to watch through. Most YouTube videos in comparison are tedious AF
I’m completely in agreement with you when it comes to white bezels.
Loved the video! ❤️🔥 8:25 "it's not" Gotta Dave! 😉
Dave 3d
table tsundere.
Dave 2D Chat show presents... New iMac 2021 It's a new way to present but still miss his ol ways!
The chin is so unnecessary
I have anxiety when I see him putting the imac onto the edge of that small desk and talks while moving his wrists, seems like he would drop it anytime…
this feels less like dave is pitching something to us and more like hes giving us a friendly advice. i like this setup.
I have always admired your analysis and conclusions, but here I have to disagree... Your point of view is too constrained by your profession... This is a computer for everyone, you explained very well in the first part of the video... But when you compare this with the 27" iMac with the 5700 GPU, you are not getting it.... this machine came to replace the smaller iMac... If your work or needs, are GPU dependant, you have to wait for the 32" iMac the will be replacing the bigger iMac...  Have a nice day and keep the video coming, you are great!
Lovely family computer, reception area computer, retail environment etc. anywhere where power is secondary to aesthetics and form. Basically the price of a Mac mini and a decent monitor, no surprise there as that’s what it is. It has its uses, it’s just not what the audience of tech YouTube channels likes. This is what’s on the roadmap for Apple, for years their good consumer devices caught up with their poor professional machines.  Now M1 means they can try new designs and form factors for the consumer market.
Touch ID is waaay better than Face ID
This setup is the best. The chair and the table are just 👌🏾
I feel relaxed when he’s sitting
Everything about the design is screaming P O S H. Not always in a good way: the charging port that is still underneath the mouse just say "we care more about design than functionality".
new imac with half the perf of last year model ? Who cares, we have colors !
t's more of an art piece than  a work machine
Dave, you've got to stop being a savage & get a proper table hahaha
Dave casually flexing his kitchen/ living room
Nice, you are a true artist 👩‍🎨 …. blessings 🙏
#NOCHINTEAM
I honestly don't the excess chin or jaw or bezel in apple iMac. Maybe this bezel is needed to contain the computational strength.
Touch ID is faster and more deliberate than Face ID.  I would never want Face ID on a computer.  Too easy to accidentally unlock.  Touch ID is just a touch of a finger.
Why is your hands so pink
this is better...both the product and your search for "how you wanted to present products in your new setup"
This setup is dope. I like it. I meant tbe video, not the iMac.
"Let's get into it" "Just putting it out there"  These just sound so wrong 😂  Btw, just a wild idea... If Apple made Gaming Macs, they could have had glowing RGB Apple Logos.
Great review Dave :)  I'm torn between this and a M1 Mac Mini
if you really really had to get a mac desktop just buy a mac mini and connect a screen to it ~ you're getting the same chip with the same performance but with an ethernet port and USB A~ better peripherals (you can buy the fancy apple keyboard if you want) ~ maybe a larger screen that you can connect other devices to or an LG Ultrafine 4k if you want a display that locked to apple cos why not!.  A magnetic charging cable ? Seriously why ? No one asked for it - its a desktop you're gonna plug it in and then leave it . No one is lugging this around connecting and disconnecting it - I mean its not even MagSafe so whats the point ? .     but if youre willing to be an apple shill and are invested in the locked ecosystem meh why not it looks pretty cool and different.   Great vid Dave keep it up.
David is it more powerful than Apple MacBook Pro(M1)?
When Dave went from kilos to pounds
And why exactly the bezels aren't color matched as well?
I really like this sit down format of the video, please keep it up!
KEEP THIS FORMAT! You found it bro. We can see the tech and you. I like the vibe.
How about making the chin screen, but for things like timelines in Final Cut, mixing window in Logic and post it notes/to do lists
Dave giving me blue's clues vibes idk why 😂
i also like this way of presenting !!
Dave: "I don't want to sit in videos anymore" A few videos later: *Dave sits* Me: 👁👄👁
Dave's matching t-shirt and jacket tho! 🔥🔥
Ejere did you find the wallpaper om your Phone? Id like to ADD that as ny wallpaper but i Cant find it anywere
Killer video production! Direct from the get go, very nice! No slouchy intro and stuff. Nicely presented as always. Regarding the iMac...meh...just meh...if I need a kitchen Mac, maybe...
Dave please make an rog strix g15 review the normal one not the scar edition 🙏🏼
Im getting mixed emotions from seeing an iMac being green like my iphone…
pulls the cable  I mac- YEET
Dave studio setup, AMAZING. B-rolls, AMAZING. Your trousers AMAZINGGGGG 🔥🔥
The 21.5" was a step up? As I recall, that model had pretty pathetic performance - it (like the 13" MacBook Pro) was just for information workers - not creatives.  You keep slipping back into what _you_ wished the machine was - not who the target demographic is.  You really need to treat the 21.5" iMac and 27" 5K as two different machines, although they shared the same name. They had vastly different performance envelopes, and were directed at really different consumers.
10:04 We get it, it's a $1500 facebook machine.
your older studio was better
Paint it Dave. Like you did with that OP cable. C'mon, do it man.
I'm focused on your G-shock 🤣
Hi Dave. I am an engineering student in Kenya. My Question is whether Mac OS will support Engineering software especially Inventor from Autodesk? I really want to use Mac OS. I have watched many videos on it but none is able to clear my doubts. It will be really grateful if you could solve this puzzle for me. Thank you in advance.
Ah Dave and tables... the drama in their relationship.
Is it me or does the chin look bigger in real life than on the advert pictures?
Macnificent!
I really like ur set up this time, the way product was displayed  on a table and u sitting on a chair. This looks much better then standing which make me feels like I am watching a news channel which is not so relaxing. Great work.
This is my favorite setup so far. The shot seems the most balanced
Guys, he is clearly sitting!
When you thought his gaming setup was clean but in reality his entire house’s setup is clean.
So glad you shifted from wooden table to a glad that table gave me ocd it didn't feel right at all
loving the new setup!
iMac pro won't have bottom chin and guess what Since it's designed for professionals Black bezels are back.
Dave, you need a table 😂
I love that we can all agree that the chin is obnoxiously ugly and outdated. I don’t care if it has a black or white bezels, the chin should just go extinct at this era.
Sometimes I feel Dave is unfair to Apple but this video was amazing!! A perfect balance of great and not-so-great about the new iMac. Thank you!!
3:58 like if u heard "this shit disappear"
Is it ok for vesa Mount ?
You start with the preface of it's different in every way except it's basically a MacBook Pro without a built-in keyboard. Are we just going to forget about the colored Macs from the past please this is just the same Mac different year
@dave2d, this... this is the new format. I has everything good from the old format, but feels fresh, new and evolved.
Glad to hear that it's not just me that doesn't like magic mouse!
lol this is for the Plebs
I prefer slimmer bezels (no chin) even if it is a bit thick.
So tired of the low end M1 macs. iMac should have brought their big game. Hoping the M1x or M2 or whatever its called comes out soon, with proper high end performance.
To me that's one of the ugliest designs made by Apple or even other brands.
I always like it when you joke
Hey, kid. It ain’t that kinda computer.
Damn that house is so big and beautiful.. Like serene beautiful.. Although wood in natural brown color is more to my taste but damn.
Thank you for this review. Cancelled my order for the iMac and went for the iPad Pro with M1 instead. I’ll likely get more mileage out of the iPad for my use case and with the Kensington Studio Dock.
Watching this on my Asus G15 hackintosh big sur is fun🌚
hello sir Dave2D, I do love this whole setup a lot. You sitting with the product beside you.
I hate it at first, but when Dave speak about it. I’m buying 1. It’s Aesthetic.
the new doctors office receptionist computer. Im pretty sure we'll start seeing this boi everywhere..
This is the first time Im disappointed in your reviews. You make a lot of good points but you also say a lot of irrevelant stuff. The new studio is awesome though
Apple: we have teal green  Dave: 😱
Dave's house looks hella nice
The Magic Mouse is terrible.
So, stand up special when?
looks ugly
How many g shock squares do you have dave?
my m1 macbook bricked for no reason sigh have to wait one week appoinment for power mac diagnosis
NEAT
I miss the desk....
Evry color is a shade of TEAL for Dave 😂😂👍
The lighting is so perfect it looks fake 😂
I love the fun intros like the mortal kombat, cookie clicker, and this new squirrel thing
It looks old and new at the same time
iMac Pro will come in with a M2X or M1X something and ravage the performance while keeping a new, thing and fresh design. That's why this iMac can feel lacking, it's only the "casual computer" from Apple.
Although I don't like white products. The white bezels in this product look great. Amazing design by Apple.
Cant wait to see u compare it with old intel imac. Compare it in every aspect
Your new look/setup is so ugly and awful
The table situation is improving gradually, getting there
So... It's not better.... Just worse
Very impressive thumbnail sir
This review is just illogical. Complaining for the sake of complaining.
What the fuck is going on with the chin, absolutely no need.
wow, noticed new marketing strategy by apple, justify white bazel by saying black bazel display/tech won't go with white walls/furniture in your home. 🤔 MKBKD too did this. Apple is trying hard to sell this time😂😂😂😂
As a student I would probably have sticky notes on that chin.
M1 Apple devices don't have thunderbolt 4. Apple brands them as Thunderbolt/USB4, this is because M1 thunderbolt doesn't meet the thunderbolt 4 spec. So they hide that it still is thunderbolt 3, but show the USB4 and you automatically think it's also thunderbolt 4.
I personally don't like the fact that all these new iMacs have a light colored "chin": it just gives out too much of a "water and soap", "feminine" and "informal" vibe - which are not a bad thing per se, but combined on a such a device they are quite straightforward...  The bold colors on the back are great, and I would have preferred if they kept them on the front as well... the result would have been much more superb and elegant...
This is the replacement for the 21", not the 27". Getting approaching half the performance of a 5700XT is impressive really, considering those are big, power-hungry GPUs.
amagine if dave didnt do youtube
Dave in that room like he’s trying to fix the Flash’s timeline
8:22 Seriously, FUCK YOU! What about the environment ? Does that not matter? Of course 90% of your channel doesn't give a shit if they have a 1000W PC plugged in 24/7 for nothing or some stupid games... Try to use your clout for something good instead of promoting useless products and inciting people to keep buying again and again.
Brothers also check this out for a short conclusion about M1 iMac: https://yuzerw.medium.com/m1-imac-unboxing-whats-new-c0799ad5edc2
2:40 Dave flexing his kitchen on us
1:44 the color of the imac looks like my old blue 3ds but in matte
Someone’s gonna add one of those Apple Stickers and stick it on the chin
If you have orange color iMac then your hands will be color matched too.😅
Even on a desktop efficiency is VERY important. Especially when you think about the environment - stuff ducking NEEDS to be way more efficient.
I like the chin. You can put notes and reminders on it,
RIGHT TO REPAIR
Design looks bad, that iMac got more Chin then a phonebook listing inhabitants of an asian country
Plz keep the aquarium and the RED cameras in your background  Then it will look amazing 🤩
Best color Dave!
Shill
I just loved the new look and your style, kinda NICE
The ethernet port is on the power supply? To save space? Really?
I don't mind there being a chin bar, but it needed breaking up rather being a large slab of one flat colour. I can't help but feel that from the front these iMacs feel like a someone is producing a cheap rip off device and avoiding court cases by just leaving off the Apple logo.  Also not a fan that you spend most of the time looking at the worse colour of the two tone and never really see the colourful side.
Set is very cool! I suggest you light yourself differently ? It looks like a green screen 🤔
I’ve never heard someone complain about viewing angles on an IPS display before. Isn’t that usually their strong point?
Who love table show it hit the like guys 🤓🤓🤓
I always appreciate your honest take on tech.
Way better review than MKBHD. Thanks for showing everything in detail. Marques spent more time ranting about why he hate it than actually reviewing the product.
D…. I actually like this style…. It suits you…. 🤗🤗🤗…. I was thinking of getting one but since you don’t recommend this year’s M1 iMac 🖥… which M1 Mac do you recommend???
Lets take it from the beginning...WHY is has bezels ?
Oh dang, Dave and Marques release this iMac review around the same time. So I open in two tabs and watch simultaneously :p
I like this setup :D
"They" say that no bezels improves efficiency by over 9000 Tbh if this is a one time setup, having it slim means so little (well slimmer, all in ones aren't that chonky) - i'd prefer the bezeless screen.
In India the base varient of this thing starts at USD $1640 which is really not worth if you think about what you could do with the same amount and plan to build an ultra strong and elegant Windows pc.
Lesson learnt : Dave has an obsession with color coding !
Any one else that tryd to move Dave so you can see the aquarium 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Love the new studio!
Why the fuck does the keyboard still use a lightning connector?!
Should I go to alienware m15 r 5 or rog zephyrus g15 (both are rtx 3060)?
Even the light on the Caps lock key is color matched!
The white bezel is all about showcasing it as an industrial design while its turned off.    If I had to use it, I feel white bezels are a distracting. I wouldn't buy a TV with a white bezel. I guess since its relatively thick, they didn't want black.   Apple definitely  went with aesthics.
I had to choose your video first over MKBHD in iMac especially
Hey you look sad today, is everything ok bud?
Green colour looks nice!!!
You don't like it give it to me
I need Apple to put the iMac power button back on their laptops.
IMac kitchen combo is perfect
😍👍
I love the charging port on the Magic Mouse, so convenient...
I understand the whole story with white bazzels, but the whole screen is black as soon as you turn it of. Then why is a white bazzel doing any good for you?
I hate the giant chin. WHY
Apple knew they should send aquagreen to dave🍏
unsafemag
Apple makes us closer and closer from Her movie vibes
ok ... now, thats an amazing setup
Better but worse is pretty much every Apple product from the last 5 years.
I'm sure Dbrand will have black bezel trim or u can cut up some 3M car wrap
Link to your wristwatch please. :)
White bezels👍👍👍
i am not sure why would someone buy the new IMAC over the 2020 M1 MAC book pro; because they share the same hardware specs there isnt much advantage to the iMAC anymore.  the only difference is that one is portable and the other has a bigger screen but not portable, i am sure regular consumers will always go for the laptop.
*cries in wasteful amounts of packaging*
Drinking Game: everytime Dave says "Color" take a shot
waste of a review unit on this guy
As a big iMac user you nailed it. Would have loved more than just looks.
Fucking hell your kitchen is beautiful. And I love that Samsung Frame in there. Wow you living my dream.
My take: wait 2 years. You might even see 16+ cores, double or triple the graphics performance, and not to mention no Thanos-like chin.
I hate to be that guy, but you could build a phenomenal 5600x (or i9 10850k if you have a micro center near you)+3060ti PC, buy a nice keeb and mouse, and buy a nice 1440p 144hz monitor all for the same price. an m1 mac mini in an uglier package with less IO doesn't seem worth it even with a nice 4.5k screen and included peripherals. Unless you absolutely need some specific mac exclusive app, I would definitely give PC a thought. I made the switch back to windows after using mac for a few years and have actually been very happy with it, with snap gestures being exponentially better than holding the stupid green button down, way better app support, and the fact you can get a PC that's twice as powerful as a mac for half the price.
I thought he was going to say that it just doesn't kick that extra bit of ass hahaha. In terms I performance, I've been quite interested in the M1 development. Admittedly, I am an Apple hater but I  also believe that ARM is the future for thin-and-light and the general consumer market so I give kudos to Apple for thinking ahead. Along those lines I'm also very curious to see what the AMD and Samsung partnership produces. A Samsung ARM CPU with AMD RDNA graphics in a 20 watt package could be killer for a small Linux (or even Windows ARM) laptop. If they could scale the combo to 50 or 60 watts, I could see getting mid-tier desktop gaming performance from a sub 3 litre package. Pretty cool to think about.
the perfect iMac for Dave doesn't exi.......
Dave's kitchen is whiter than the white bezels
So many 'colours'
Mac is yak🤮🤮🤮
Why would they design a computer to look like Jay Leno?
House tour! That kitchen. Damn!
Dave understands his viewers very well and that's one of the thing's I like about him
They should have put an Apple logo on that chin
man idk how you did the lighting but this look like you were recording with green screen behind
Thank Goodness the charger was included...
Can you do a video if we can install windows 10 in the new iMac
It looks oldddddd...
Bruh why both vids at the same time by him and mkbhd
But why not make the bezel match device color?
5:45 I think my boy has never seen my 10 year old TN Panel that lets the video disapear if i move 1 cm
Petition for Dave to have a different table every video.
i get it so unbox therapy made change and you followed the suite with VERY similar settings .... and background
It’s great to see that the power adapter is included in the box.
"The screen Is 👌" -Dave
This setup works like a charm!!!
and BEAUTIFUL
Wish Samsung makes a All-in-one with a great screen for people who only uses it for content consumption
Can someone explain to me why Touch ID is even a thing? As in 'Why is it necessary?' From my perspective, the 'need' for it is right up there with 'having good speaker(s) on a mobile phone. (Seriously; who listens to music or watches movies _without_ some kind of earbud, headphone or external speaker?)
I’m confused seeing Dave sit on that…table? He made such a big deal about getting rid of the table, I expected everything to be floating in the air during his reviews like some sort of tech genie 😆
0:59  b u t t c r a c c
Immidiately stick one of those apple stickers on the chin where it belongs.
So freaking negative on day 1. Gtfo of here negative Dave
Yasssss, Dave loves the white bezels. Finally I’m no longer alone.  As for the chin: it’s there so you can slap all the post-its you have.
ive been starring at that watch though
If for every time he said *Color matched* I took a shot I’d be standing on the top of a pyramid shaving my balls
"Surface Studio" Still The Best!
When I first saw the new iMac, I thought to myself "this will be the kind of device that ends up in someone's kitchen". Hahahaha
Why the new space gives me a feeling as using a green screen🤣
Fun drinking game: Take a shot every time Dave says the word "Color" in this video.
Table orientation is perfect todayy👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼👍🏼
I guess in some ways Im 'average' and I have viewed these from the start as an M1 Mac mini with "extras".. and thats really all that I need. Mine ships sometime next week. I went for silver and no trackpad. If I don't get on with the supplied mouse I will replace it.
Can I play csgo in this thing?
You have hit the sweet spot with the table
Looks like starlabs . Are you the flash ><
does you watch match the mac on purpose?
Kids watch mkbhd Legends watch Dave first
Woah! it felt like the IMac was just announced but now we have a review ,time really does fly fast.
How do I apply for getting in the bunker you making videos in just in case a zombie apocalypse happen ? Looks safe
I like this 'Table'
Nice interior design taste all over the place *_*
All of Youtubers uploaded it within an hour My entire timeline is filled with iMac  But I can't buy one
Did it come with that color matched watch as well?
I like your taste for "elegance" in devices. Thanks for the [little or small] influence you have on these manufacturers by saying what you do.
I like how you guys are buying god damn iMacs (that costs close to a car here in Brazil), to put it IN THE KITCHEN. My mind can't even comprehend that.
The table situation seemed sorted and I like it but I like the previous camera angle better imo.
There will be an iMac Pro, step up from this. This is for regular people…cheaper
Half the video spent on the color of the machine......For dumbass apple users, thats all that matters.
I like the review. But does anybody knows what is the brand of his watch? Thanks
The design looks so stupid
Nope, the bias shows!
Might actually purchase one for my parents just for the colors lmao
Charts with black background. Dave? Is that you?
Is the new Magic Mouse/Keyboard/Trackpad still using BT 3.0? Or did they finally upgrade it?
MKBHD- MATT BLACK EVERYTHING Dave2D- I like White
Luv the new presentation style... got the best of both worlds...the fact that we can see the device whole time without u holding it and the unique angle of presentation ...just beautiful
I love the fact that you outfit matches green iMac and also green tee on avatar of channel!
So changing the color of iMac is innovative now? 🤔
The mac is so close to the edge of the table that I'm wondering if he will drop it like LTT does all the time.
Can i download genshin impact on this new imac? (Either the computer version or the iPhone version)
I like this camera angle better
Who puts a desktop in a kitchen?
this is for the plebs
The Table though 😂
It comes with both the Magic Mouse and Magic Trackpad? Because I know they don’t sell them separately yet.  Would the USBC port be able to power the HomePod Mini?
Dave just keep the nook empty bro. I can't even imagine why you'd want to work on a space like that
Apple can only rely on color to deceive people by this ugliest design of iMac computer ever, only fools will be fooled by them.
ips screen is perfectly fine for a pc. i dont want people poking in to watch what i am doing anyway. I'm going to use a privacy filter screen anyway 😝
Apple makes the best trackpad and the worst mouse. Lol
M1 devices *DO NOT* have Thunderbolt 4.
Dave, honestly your heading on the right track on the table situation.
Finally Green apple 💥🔥🤭😂🤣
People who buy that don't care about performance. It just has to match their kitchens.
that kitchen is a flex for sure
ohh my god that's your house? I'm in the wrong business.
Alright this is the best compromise. I love how you can display the device while talking abt it. Keep it up been here since 2019! 🔥🔥
can you buy those colored lighntning cables alone?
Love this new setup!!
can we remove the stand and use with an wall mount?
Half of the video just to explain why white bezels are the way to go
Looks like Dave is sitting in front of a green screen xD
This video is shoot in white house's secret basment ..
Dock *must* be on the left.
built different
The Review is 90% aesthetics 10% What you really would want to know. 👎
This camera angle is superb. Looking so good
Why no other connectors?
Color me a pleb. M1 is more than capable to tackle all graphic and rendering needs I’ve had this year. Plus I like that there is a ‘greener’ option for computing. 51 watts on load is quite incredible for a desktop.
Get back behind the table. That was better!
Nice kitchen ..
It already looks dated.
so ,all the colors match .cool.
Why is the iMac still on even when you unplugged the power cable...?
1:43 😰😰😰
MKBHD: don’t like the white bezel Dave2D: I love it
Hopefully DBrand got those white bezels covered
waaahhhhhhh GREEN! very nice!
5:47 That's worthy of becoming a solid MEME
Can I use a razer mouse and keyboard on it?? Or only apple keyboard?
dat chin
That white bezel is ugly IMHO and ruins the immersion. Try and put some paper on the edges of your monitor right now and tell me how that feels and looks when working on projects? Definitely more for aesthetics than a professional workflow type machine.
trying to justify white bezels as a good thing is ridiculous. how would it help the device blend in? when it's off the screen is black, when you watch something with a different aspect ratio it's gonna have black bars with white bezels..... just no.
I’m gonna wait for the M2 or whatever they call it.
It's basically a laptop blown up to a desktop that looks pretty at home?
The way you explain everything, you are awesome, Dave. The best tech reviewer, I found on youtube. Thank you.
the magic mouse is a horrible piece of tech, also hate that chin, otherwise the machine is amazing :)
I'm sorry, but it looks like a toy. I still like the old one more.
MKBHD: The new display is sooo reflective.  Dave: It has an anti reflective coating on it.
Every Youtuber: i can imagine the new imac with black on the front *Turns off the imac* Same peeps: wait what the turned off display isn't white (shocked pikachu face)
The Light tube is back and the table is back too! You lied 🙄
More than half of the vedio talking about asthetics...ur killing it
new imac's r ugly
Isn't this just a big ipad on the 999 dollar stand without a battery ??
he talks about colour a lot!!😒😒
Why couldn't they just give us an option for both black and white bezels ;(
I think theyre pre cute and have a place as a family computer or something like that
*t h i s  i s  f o r  t h e  p l e b s*   Lol that switch in accent 😂
You uploaded 1 minute before Mkbhd👀
Everyone's furious about this thing.
What is Dave looking at 5:37??
I am really not a fan of the iMac's stand. I will choose a monitor stand. It seems very dangerous as the stand is not heavy enough to stabilize the big screen.
I think the M1 Mac Mini and a non Apple monitor makes a lot more sense if you are not a feminine person.
Dave, omg! That camera placement and direct  communication with the audience from a chair is amazing. Feels like a TV show! Go on with this approach, please
damn this guy's house is so clean and white. I would be scared to even step in it if I ever got the opportunity lol
That Bs, if jobs was around none of that 🗑 wouldn’t exsist
Holy crap that green is beautiful. Man, sucks being poor. I'd pick one of these up so fast!
iMac just for some display that you put in the kitchen? Damn, people are rich
Shout out pleb crew
I understand, it's an Apple product, it looks "good", but honestly, it took 5 minutes for me to realize this is not a furniture & home decor review lol
I'm glad I'm not the only one who loves white bezels.
Thanks for the chair..  Nice green screen btw 😘
I don't need a table The table : I am INEVITABLE 😁
Use me as the petition for a Dave2D kitchen review next
i love this new setup for the videos! quality content as always
Hello OrangeLee  Where's Dave?
nice socks
Nooooo! the accessories aren’t USB type C. that’s disappointing.
I love this setup! (Also this seems like a great computer to get my parents)
So, what about Dark Mode?
M1's GPU is indeed slower than the 5700XT's, but that's still RX570/GTX1650 grade performance in what is essentially a mobile iGPU. It could literally run circles around AMD's Vega 11 and Intel's Iris Xe 96 - it's impressive. Very impressive.  All they need to do now is scale this up with more cores. They could have 5700XT grade performance or more if they think people need it. And I doubt anyone buying into THESE would need it.
They...they sent you a GREEN one?
Is anyone else seeing that green tint in D2D's eyebrows, or is it just me?
Anyone knows what kind of watch does Dave wear?
I just wanna know, who puts a desktop in the kitchen? And why?
the flexibility of switching up your setup to work with the review is the real point of the new studio! This variety is wonderful!!
The background looks like green screen edit 😂
dave looking so uncomfortable with that desk
He said kilos. 👏👏👏👏👏
Dave's own talk show eh
Not a fan of the green
The studio setup is great
this new video setup looks good dude i think it is good replacement!👌
i wont be surprised if Dave one day starts his video where he's hanging upside down like Spiderman
New setup makes me think of how some talk show hosts switched from behind the desk interviews to an open seat setup.
Shame there was no sample video, so we could see for ourselves the performance of the mic and webcam.
Looks like theyre confident enough to give their new imacs a new feature: acting as a room decor
I ship Dave and Teal
Thank god for static product shots on a table... 😍😍😍
I like the chin!
I don't know why I watch these videos, it's like watching dreams
Released at the same minute as mkbhd! 🤨
I like this setup
That green in the back is stunning
i don't agree with u on last gen iMacs were more powerful because considering the price to performance these perform better
Table? 🧐
WAIT DAVE I LIKE THIS FORMAT! You sitting next to the table is great
Liking your new setup. 👍
I just can't get used to seeing Dave sitting on a chair
I think u r supposed to stick one of those Apple stickers, they give u, on the chin urself
Dave go back to the old vids
a new account and just realised i am not subscribed to you 😁
It look really beautiful 🔥🙏🙏
I used to work in an office with plenty of iMacs, and it taught me that the chin is an essential location for Post-It notes 📝
Finally, much better setup 👏
i love this new arc about Dave and the table, i think we are reaching the end.
I don’t think professional people would choose that machine, even if it was more powerful, I mean, just look a that thing, it’s ugly lol
memes aside, i just miss the old standing dave with super clean and minimal desk.
Why does Dave wear a regular wrist watch rather than a smart watch? 🤔
Who cares about the iMac let’s see you aquascape that tank!
This is the best way so far to show your studio and still make audience satisfied with Dave's usual table presentation. Pretty neat. 👍
Can anybody help. I am looking for bloody WALLPAPER.... DAVE pls upload every wallpaper of yours in the DESCRIPTION. I LOVE THEM
He's not standing anymore?
Its good Apple expands their selections of colours but man... These look like they were made for small kids.
Dave: "Asking 2 more USB -C ports" Apple: "Removing 2 USB-C ports from the base models" 😂
I think they will put FaceID in new Mac Pros
Straight from the '80.
not for me but still great vid and nice product!  BTW you must not be shooting on a Sony FX3 or A7SIII because just as a matter of observance the entire video has a ton of noise in the shadows :)  What do you film with?
Front side look soo dated.
whats the point? just buy mac mini and macbook air and youre good to go
Dat chin looks fugly tho... And ruined the aesthetic 😩
Imagine there was no table involved!! Sheessh
This setting feels like we're chatting. +1 on this choice.
this video was shot on an iphone?
man you need a desk 😅
Nice
Hey Dave, I haven't noticed anyone review the new color matched keyboard with the num pad. It's an option during customization.
Love the new studio Dave. Love from Bangladesh ♥♥♥
Great video , thanks.
I don’t know but I do not like it. Those thick bezels and speakers are plain ugly
👍🏻👊🏻
Did you remove the protective plastic on the imac feet? Maybe thats why it’s slippery
Is it weird that I like this green one
That massive chin is different, can't believe it came with a free power brick plus stand in the box
TLDR: "Looks nice"
I absolutely love this new setup Dave!!
Tis is for the *PLEBS*
Macbook Air M2 in that color, and I might consider getting a Mac.
the design is trash
Sound is not up to par with your other videos my dude, lighting also needs work, especially the top down angles.
5:48 that sound just aswome
0:31 you can spot another Canadian when
Why is your channel, so much like apple, simple yet effective??!!! But gotta hand it to you, that's why I have always loved your channel.
m1 makes more sense in a laptop...sips power
My man got rid of the floor and got the stool. Whoa
Mac mini makes way more sense than this
What about panel's refresh rate?? I think it's something really important that doesn't get the attention that it deserves.
Looks like crap...
That big chin is what catches my eye first.
It's iMac, Built for Home and Offices.  Wait for iMac Pro.
Isn't the CC for the skin tone too saturated/orangish kind? 🤔
Is the mouses charging port still in the same place?
Honestly, I think you should just skip this year. Camera not following the latest iMac? Possibility where the Mac falls down if yanked and only four USB-C's *on the premium model*? I would suggest just skip and wait for a new model. These might sell great because of the clean colours but that's not the only thing you should be looking at.. Thanks for the review Dave!
Amazing video Dave2D! 🙂  Any idea where I can find the video he displays on the iMac? The one where there’s a guy trying to get a piñata out of the pool and there’s a llama piñata off to the side of the pool??
Dave2D: I am going to start making video standing from now on. Literally 1 week later: Nah umma sit down
That's a Mag"not really"safe magnet on the cable....
Who did get it for putting it in the kitchen?
less gpu performance yet the price sigh
I dont why apple is doing this I mean giving you a teal/green colour and giving mkbhd a blue one , I mean don't they do their research
I've been following you for a while. So I think I'm confident enough to say this now. I LOOOOOOVE YOUR COLOR PALETTE! Excellent approach in reviewing and all, but ultimately, it's your color palette for me. Cheers.
Whatever, My room will be so beautiful if I buy this
He is sitting!
why not blue , blue is your color right ?
it's good they use so little energy for the environment 🤷🏼‍♂️
Wish the logo glowed
Your new setup looks like a prison
I think you pushing the table into the frame can be the new trademark
Seriously... I'd rather buy a 1000€ gaming PC, spend 300€ on a really good monitor and 200€ on mouse and keyboard.   But than you still need a webcam, mic and speakers... maybe it's fine after all.
I like this setup though ❤️❤️
I think Dave should try Bob Ross Style as well
God I hate that background
Dave ur right but for my perspective it dont seems like a productivity device but instead a family device
Yeah, no shit that it sucks!
Glad to see the power cable comes included in the box.
hehe sir just use the table. its kinda have a gay vibe on your videos lately hehe. just my opinion.
i want a new cinema display thats basically the new iMac w/o the computer parts
This is a clean setup Dave! And it includes a desk! Win Win!
Really liked the new set-up 👍🏻👍🏻
277 Watts on intel lmao.
So dave no longer brings his table its already there.
love this episode's (?) setup!!
First rule: no shoes inside Dave's new studio
This video's starting is so NEAT, Dave sitting beside the table with the products. The previous few videos he's still adjusting to the new studio, dk how to come into the front. I love how he is sitted today! 💙
Dude, can you please make a home tour? By the look of your kitchen, it's safe to assume it looks insane
"this is for the plebs" was probably the most accurate word of this review :D
I miss the old setup :(
I love this sitting next to it thing! Looks comfortable and classy!
Does someone know how all the major tech youtubers release the same iMAC review at the same exact time?
This guy is 43 years old
The bezels and the colors make it clearly designed to be a piece of furniture. It's not meant to be in an office. It's meant to be in a living room or den.
I hate light color aesthetics on my devices. Dark theme, darker colors, dark bezels, etc. Feels much easier on my eyes.
Indirectly dave want to say don't buy right now and wait for next gen
Did we skip the price?
No shoes and no table, I think it's time for Dave to get some therapy, something is going on. LOL 😂
WHY WOULD U USE A COMPUTER IN KITCHEN ?? ?? 😗😗
The studio looks amazing ! Great video as usual
Its beautiful from the back but ugly on front like most girls on instagram
The white bezels kill it for me.
White bezels: 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
butt-on.
Nah, I just like the preddee colours! But great review, as always!
Does the keyboard has same dimension as old one?
Did all the tech YouTubers coordinate when they release their vids? They're all within 2 mins of each other.
As far as simplistic goes, this Mac is 👌.
We all know you matched your watch and hoodie to the iMac, Dave. We do.
This table layout >>>
5:48 🥶
There is something wrong going on with table and him.😂
please do a home tour daveeee
For me purple colour is beautiful.
2021 and you still have to have the mouse turned over for charging. Thats literally the stupidest thing ever.
The most important thing, the color matched stickers!
Nice table arrangement ... its Different !
Why hasn’t any youtuber put the colored apple logo on the chin up front… it gives me anxiety no one has jajajaj
Wait?! Is it color matched?!!
Colour looks ugly
Was really looking forward to him doing the finger tip spin test tbh..
About the chin, it's a way Apple makes you buy more of their stuff, in the next generation iMac they gonna improve it a little bit and you will buy it, and then gonna do it for the next generation as well. Small incremental change every time so you will have to keep buying.
So no one gonna mention the asthetic Kitchen of Dave? It looks so clean and beautiful 😍
input devices charging on lightning is the stupidest thing i've ever seen
THE TABLE IS BACK!
Dave started the video like : I'm sick of driving tables. So here I go ..
It's weirdd to see your legs Dave.
It will really be funny if you Painted Teal Blue.
in the Apple Event held on April 20, @ 33:09, the presenter was saying that the "Magic Mouse, loved by iMac users." I don't know about you, but I know of 0 person that chooses the Magic mouse over other mice on the market
DAVE should be a THERAPIST, his voice is just so calm!! isn't it?
Incredible that they didn’t redesign that abominable mouse.
I just can't get who the hell needs a computer in their kitchen that bad
Mac Mini with a nice 4K monitor is a much better choice for most people. $699 for the Mac Mini and say, $400 for a 4K 27" LG monitor is $1100, throw in a Logitech wireless keyboard and mouse for $50. This is about $150 cheaper and you have a larger screen and get to keep it after you replace the computer. You could even get the base MacBook Air for $999 and the same monitor for $400, plus the mouse and keyboard for $50. Then, for $1450 you have a machine that can do it all. Maybe I just don't appreciate the colours, but this this iMac makes no sense to me.
ofcourse you'd go for green haha... the back is teal :D
Why does this guy never use ‘an’ when there’s a vowel at the start of a word.
As a person who likes white bezels, the choice of choosing this video amongst the others was an easy one. I know just where to come.
I am CERTAIN they are going to release a stronger "iMac Pro" later with the usual bigger screen size.
You look so uncomfortable man, just use the table, give us back the old Dave2D 🚀
iMac has always  been ugly , This is no exception. Why this big (completely useless) chin?
Why the folder named 12? 🤔
"accoutrement" lol shut the fuck up dude this is just some plastic
Just by looking at Dave sitting next to a table it felt like Dave presenting the new iMac and telling us about why it's the new best thing Apple ever made xD Btw love how you try out a new setup every video. It came to the point where I watch because I want to see the new idea you came up with regarding your table situation.
Dave should’ve started the video sat in a chair backwards, to seem young and cool, the way Apple is trying to be what with the new colours.
I thought Dave would hold the iMac & do the review coz he hated tables 😂
What's your watch?
The minimalistic house though 💥
Damn look at homeboy in his bunker 🙏
Where can i get the wallpaper though????
Ok, I was worried about that magnetic cable but I think I'm more confident of it. Now, it's A LOT of money for a computer not meant to be used "professionally" so, IDK, I don't think I'd spend that much money. I rather have a Mac mini with an already owned screen or something for home, or just go PC
no table gang
Very Davey i mac😉
Who puts a computer in their kitchen
I liked this table. It just blends in. Simple and aesthetically pleasing.
I liked this desk and sitting setup. Very relaxed, feels like a confident, chill teacher presenting to the class.
I like this sitting composition mr Dave.
As soon as a reviewer talks about apple and then states how important the stickers are...... Time to move on to another channel
Can i render using lumion ,3ds max ? Can I use Adobe Illustrator and Photoshop  I'm using Alienware 17 R4 so can i replace it with new iMac
I would put that sticker right where the Apple logo was on the bottom bezel in the previous models.
Hey Dave2D what happened to that rtx 3060 giveaway?
Talk show vibes
I like your new setup, Dave2D
Compare it with what it replaced, the 21.5 intel iMac. It’s the entry level all in one not the higher end model.
MacBook pro vs imac vide please
Okay but why does the lighting in here look better than Bruce Wayne’s armory
When you look at the back 🤩  Than at the front 🤢
Dave for every video, please include the unboxing in the same video. No need for separate unboxing video
I think they just put it out to give Apple Lovers to have a choice of a simple PC counterpart in their ecosystem. May be for Casual workflow, entertainment and zoom calls. This would fit great in any school or high school labs for computer courses and general practice.  Loved the review as always and the new set up with this table👍
White bezels sucks
Star of the show :ColOred ApPLe sTiCkERs 🤷🏻🤷🏻
clearly this machine is built for dumb gen z influencers
It came with the stand wow...😂😂
i remember when "mcintosh" where meant to be "professional machines for graphic design and video/audio makers"... this is really good for his aesthetic... but that's all.
The excitement of what new table/no table setup Dave comes up with doesn't get old😂
The comment section is more about the table than the iMac 😂
Wish you would had put the sticker on the chin just for old times sake...
Every important part of a computer on a single chip! What could go wrong........
Bhot hard
“This is for the plebs” 🤣
Does no one notice those very thin black lines separating the screen and the white bezels?  They look really bad but I don't blame Apple for it. It's the problem with every device with white bezels
Man that colour is fugly.
Is he really sitting tho? I have trust issues after we found out he was standing. All these years.
The thing that i dont like about Dave's video is that ....the video he makes are so clean that i can see all the dirt in my phone and computer screen .
Mkbhd : Ultra thin design choice Dave2D : Better than Worse
m1 iMac is friendly neighbourhood spider man.
That's the device from future for our kids
Why does the M1 iMac need a 143W power supply?? The M1 MacBook Air is just 15W.
"I sound like a Snooty, This is for the Plebs" had me dying :'D
Can't  believe they didn't make a space grey with black bezels...so stupid to not include at least one option with black bezels
1 Minute faster than MKBHD! 🤣
Dave is sitting everybody
The new iMac looks nice but not sure the group of people that would want this iMac. I believe it’s best to get the Mac mini, select your own keyboard and monitor to save money
#prayforpalestine #israelisterrorist
Nice
So, basically it is beautiful monitor with MacBook cpu (minus 17 hr battery life)
Dude, I think you got your angle!
Dave, this is the way to go! You look comfy, I feel comfy listening to you, the table looks comfy. IMHO, you should stick to this layout.
I really like the format of this video I think you should keep it
I think apple decided to piss off all customers  just to impress Dave
I love u and ur videos dude, but holy crap that kitchen is not what i expected! So much marble
Apple can't remove that bottom bezel because that's where all the hardware is, it's either that or thicker back which I don't see Apple going back to.
“This is for the plebs”
Looks like Dave was locked up in Apple's vault and is forced to review the iMac cause of the new studio
Your videos are just so clean and straight to the point. I love your videos.
Feels like a counseling session lmaoo
I like how both marques points out in his video that the white bezels might be to help the iMac fit better in a home environment then Dave comes along and mentions how he was finally able to make a piece of tech fit into his home cos of the white bezels. Now that’s symbiotic tech reviews lol
My work flow is sending kids back to the lobby so I think I need a better gpu
the bezels are so thick and that chin... otherwise it looks awesome
This video presentation is much better, hope you continue the same way and gr8 job as always :)
Apple makes a product in a new color. Must call MKBHD
team white bezels! 😁
its for a kid or girlfriend
10:01-Ah yess!
Didnt know Dave had legs
Pp
I thought the ports are thunderbolt 3 usb4
aight... we need a house tour.
I'm loving this setting btw
Bro that's a nice house :D
I dont like this studio,  the old one was so much better
Damn this pc looks ugly
Apple: *Gives color mathed stickers with the iMac* Me: "How is this possible?"
If only this had a white model like the old G5 iMac
What I really want is a screen like this in my PC >___<
Finally!!🔥
I need a dedicated GPU for college. Wonder when we'll start seeing them in apple devices again.
Loved the start of this better than any one since he loved in. Straight to the point = Dave
you said no chair on your studio??
I'm no apple fan, but I've always been impressed by their aesthetics. This, however. Not feeling it. That big block of nothingness below the display is just jarring.
"this is for the p l e b s"
Bring back the tech food cart!
I have been saving money to buy mac for software development now I have new target  Now iam like that scene of songbod Iiii want it!
5seconds in to the video..I paused and felt proud... love that you are shooting closer towards the back wall 😀
give this thing to me😍
1:13 I SWEAR if Apple keeps unnecessarily putting Lightning on things I'm literally never buying an Apple product again. Like what a way to say "fuck you, you can't use this cable for anything else."
Sooo basically an iPad with no touchscreen?
How can one not love this person!!!
2:40 That my friends is the interior of the rich people
seems like an even better value than the mac mini. that screen's specs seems verynice.
The first iMac video i watched today
ESTETIK
That Samsung Frame just looks crisp. Complements the whole room.
Honestly, for 1.5k it's a pretty decent deal, the Apple ecosystem ruins it for me though... I'll stick with Windows
definitely need a table for this 😂
Screw the imac his kitchen/Living room looks neat !! Its so clean like his video set up
Today's table placement is gorgeous
Okay, That's weird Dave the guy who loves Blue Bought A green Mint iMac and MKBHD Who loved darker colors bought a bright Blue ?😂 what is the hell? i am confused
Look at the sneaky desk, just showing itself in the Corner, and open its way to the Place it belongs :)
I feel like the whole vibe with this iMac is apple made it like this cause it’s a perfect fit for hotel receptions and store checkout counters.
Fantastic set up :-)
New iMac videos on YouTube rolling out like it's Christmas here
Protip :  color any product white or teal if u want Dave to like it
This kinda video is lit! The table is amazing!
The table position looks perfect now just by looking at it i think downside is you cant have more products at same time on the table and in the frame. And with time add something to background
Your old studio was better
Da table do be looking jussy
me crying in intel Celeron
Your videos are far better than MKBHD.
I personally wouldn't buy it because of the constant anxiety of it falling over or getting hit :D
a big ipad without touch that's ready to flip over :D
I wonder!!🤔🤔🤔 What do you do for a living?
daaamn 2:39 thats a lot of youtube money
Congrats, I guess you finally figured out the table situation 😂
Now you have to wear pants
Liking this angle a lot more!
The bezels are huge w.r.t. 2021😶😶
Somehow I'm not used to or I straight up don't like the new studio that much :/
I love how you are trying out different types of settings in your new studio. And I'm glad you have finally gotten a place of your own for your videos
Was waiting for him to say "Teal" for the first couple of minutes there. I knew he was getting there... :v
Loved this new way of presenting your views!!..
Wow 😳 aesthetic indeed
3:05 - Now I'm imagining what it'll be like if they made a bronze version, and it looks good!
Look at the CHIN!
#teamwhitebezel lets get it!
Green machine!
please review new ipad pro 11inch
looks really nice :-) hahahahaha 🤣🤣🤣  not! I would take the hp envy in a heart beat over this
Don't know if I should buy my doughter iMac or iPad pro 12.9....🙄 More inclined for the pro of only pro video editing app would work.
Long awaited
"this is for the plebs" cool glad I'm too broke to afford this
First video in your new space where you've nailed it! (composition wise)
imo, if it meant the imac had to be 2x, or even 3x, as thick to remove the chin, then they still should have done it.
the new studio looks so uncomfortable.
Your reviews are just awesome.... Great videos.... Whenever i see this reviews i always get a clear view of what the product is about....and your laptop reviews are just top class.... I bought mine with the help of these reviews.... Thanks Dave.....🙏🙏🔥🔥
There’s nothing attractive and already lost the identity of the iMac
1:06 and of course dave wears ankleless socks
I will forever love my surface studio 2, it's a beast. But I can also see the appeal of the m1.
6:01 Apple: WRITE THAT DOWN! WRITE THAT DOWN!
Obviously you like white! Your entire house is painted white 😂
Mr Rogers vibes the way he started the video sitting next to the table lol
I love seeing the iterations of your camera/desk placement with each video.
dBrand, pls cover the white bazel and fugly chin! Apple needs a new Chief Design Officer
i do hope Apple will sell this new magic peripheral seperately too
Someday I'm gonna buy an Apple product just to see what I feel afterwards.. Filthy Rich, Extremely Proud or Simply Stupid.
From MKBHD to Dave2D
for AiO, nothing beats the beauty of Surface Studio
Idk guys…..I still think he’s standing.  IYKYK
freepalstine 🇵🇸freepalstine 🇵🇸freepalstine 🇵🇸freepalstine 🇵🇸freepalstine 🇵🇸freepalstine 🇵🇸freepalstine 🇵🇸freepalstine 🇵🇸
No plans on getting one but the darker green they use on the back of the device is gorgeous!
the a-roll feels like a talk show, except the guest is a machine. liking it!
Can I use the display as a free display?
The color varient of laptop perfectly suits the studio
I wish I could have this one. Decent look.
N O I C E
the magic mouse is also the only mouse that cannot be used and charged at the same time. smh
Awkward sitting situation
it looks so much better in real life wtf
Old MacBooks: MagSafe :) New iMacs: MagBreaks 🔥
Lassgoooo
If colours do it for you, check out a Rainbow. Moronic content!
Much better angle for videos
Love it!
why is the studio look like its greenscreened
His house looks like Mr Crabs house
We have seen this before. An Apple product having to make sacrifices just because it's thin.
Ahh, the setup looks cool
You have no shoes. Why
Thank you for showing the stickers!! hahahaha...good video as always!
im not used to dave having legs
How did nobody mention how a e s t h e t i c dave's kitchen/living room looks like? Give that interior designer a raise or a pat on the shoulder to whoever did that!
Dave opened the box......iMac was upside down....🤣🤣
I really love the iphone 12 mini unboxing video played. And helping people out there on other side of world from 🦠
That is the  best setup ❤️❤️🔥🔥🔥
Q U A L I T Y
Dave, really dig the new set/workspace/studio man! You look way more comfortable in it than you ever did behind the desk. The shots where you are sitting to the right of the review object (this case the iMac) feels like you are 'interviewing' the product. Equally as A E S T H E T I C :)
TEAL💉💉💉
S O C K
13 mins late...
Not only is this a non pro iMac, it’s essentially the new 21.5”. I think the 27” iMac replacement will certainly bring a lot more power and ports (I hope)
Still Using a TABLE...!!!! :P
dave is floating
The chin is for stickers so you wont forget your 2Do-list :)
it's so weird, the different background makes my brain think he has a greenscreen behind him!
1 minute early than marques 🙃
HES SITTING!
I audibly gasped when Dave showed the Apple logo stickers
He got the colour he loves ❤️
The bezel especially the lower thick portion of the monitor is UGLY. As in UGLY...  The side and back side is more pleasing to look at than the front.. Lol
This is for the plebs!
setup good because dave can cross his legs now
Dave I loved ur setup in this vid
"This is for the plebs" - Southern Dave2D, 2021
Oh wow they include the charger in the box. Nice!
*These videos are really good!*
There's going to be a new generation of Golfs with apple stickers.
I'm very curious to see a performance comparison between an iPad Pro M1 and this iMac. On the surface it's the same chip, but surely the form factor of the iMac should give it a thermal edge? & with that advantage, perhaps a higher clock speed?
E
That's my problem with this thing: it's a home accessory, decoration. It's not a proper tool. That's the direction Apple is taking though; nothing wrong with that, just form over function it seems. Not for me.
People who get this should draw something beautiful on that big ass chin to make it look like a canvas.
Dave at it again with the best non biased review
Ngl watching that iMac spin that effortlessly makes me feel very anxious that it's about to fall over and shatter.
Damn Dave your house is luxurious!!
Proud to watch the first 21 iMac review from my guy Dave,  I have to say I'm Just now starting to get used seeing it next to us regular folks other than the Apple team.
that Intro tho
It's the most beautiful and ugly desktop at the same time....
The first thing I would do is slap the apple sticker on it!
Congrats to everyone who is early and who found this comment 🏆
Love the desk setup this time, the color of your skin just looks a little orange to me
It looks like nextbit robin
🔪🤮🤮🤮🤮
as a PC user, not gonna lie, the design is G O O D, the color is N I C E, and the price is C R A P
Damn !!!! those BEZELS
Jon Prosser was right! May 18th
Can we say Dave is racist?
well, its not the most beautiful device ever... but is cool, i like the colors and some tech as the magnets. The size screen for me is a big no for a desktop machine.
It's fascinating to see how Apple didn't use any Styrofoam inside the box. I'm still wondering if they had to engineer the box or hire an origami master.
Embargo: Finishes  Choose Between: Marques Brownlee, Dave2D And Other Youtubers  Me: Nervously Sweating*
This sitting looks like Dave is hosting a talk show with the M1 has a guest, neat.
It's a toy, not a serious computer.
Apple fan here. Don’t care what they say, the white bezel is ugly. Period.
Looks like an interesting device, but I think I'm gonna wait for the larger iMac. Keeping my fingers crossed we see MINI-LED technology in that one and if I dare to dream pro motion 120hz
great table setup
Marquess and 2D drop simultaneously, I click 2D.
I like this format. The table isn't as visible
You know you are poor when Dave2D talks about IPS viewing angles like you talk about TN viewing angles lol.
I like this way of presenting. Feels like we're sitting down together and just having a chat.
Dave has Kurama running around in the intro, lol
OMG ITS HERE YESSSSS
he finally sat down!
This style I love it :)
The color is so ducking cool but the bezel size..... I don't know.
That chin is surprisingly big
The iMac looks so out of place in the new studio
The magic mouse is a 12 years old piece of hardware.
Space grey-silver color combination would be great for Pro version.
dave’s house looking clean af sheeeeshhh
Only video since moving here where he’s not dragging the desk into frame😂😂
Wow I kinda dig the new look actually
I really thought I would hate the white bezels but seeing it I real life I got to say it looks good
A E S T H E T I C
You could say it’s built different
Loving this Setup!
Love the light colours! Btw can u play some old games on the Mac? I know - not a gaming zone but just like a test or so.
That kitchen is soo nice
I honestly don’t care for the colors difference they all look amazing
Just glad the hideous aquarium isn't in sight.
Dave always keepin it real
i love the retro look that apple gave to it also i don't know why people are still wondering why it has a chin like it was in the video for the imac
awesome socks, bro.
I always feel sorry for Steve Jobs every time there is a new Apple product. Last time I felt nice about Apple was the iPad pro 2018.
it's like Dave's colour
Imagine, dave lee hearts my comment
Not first.
Hello Dave!
it looks very clean and aesthetically pleasing, i feel like it would really shine in a living room setup
Nice Mac that came with the colour matched Apple stickers you purchased.
MKBHD and Dave uploading at the same time 😅
Finally you decided to sit down ha
I do not want to know the price of this
Love the new studio!
How dave feels about his desk is exactly how i feel about my ex, we both wanna be done with it and move on but we just fucking can't
Damn that’s a nice house !
well if u hate desks, desks are actually floors which are higher than the other floors... so,,, hey, nice floor!
Just closed the everyday day channel iMac video when your notification pops up
What are these thumbnails Dave! Clean AF
Now watch everyone fall in love with the design
that chin is giant, wow
I don't know which one to watch first... MKBHD or Dave 🤓
commented in 1min
That Apple sticker seals the deal
Mac Is like a device which haters ironically want it !!
Got a notification from you and MKBHD at the exact same time lmfao
I feel like Dave & Marquees hit the upload button at the same time while being on a call.
MKBHD vs Dave2D Race starts!
I dont have eyes on this product, just click to see if you hold the iMac, glad to see the table.
The office is looking awesome, Dave!
Pretty early bruh
The toxic relationship between Dave and the table 😍
Get ready for the apple unboxing storm 😂😁
it looks old and new at the same time
Anyone else colourblind and not realise it was green until he turned it around?
I thought Dave would hold the iMac & do the review coz he hated tables 😂
Finally
Honestly Mac sucks
😍😍😍!!
dave shoot your videos like this it looks cool
Posted 3 minutes ago!
Am I late?
Hi guys
Ipad when?
colours nice
Cool mac
Last time I was this early,  dinosaurs were around.
😍
how o people get here so fast? anyways, I prefer the intel ones, I like having bootcamp (windows) support, and the options to play games. and a dedicated gpu
dave 3d showing off his dope ass bunker ayooo
The lighting of the space is so good !
*'DIFFERENT'*
Hi internet, Can't wait for this comment to get buried
New intro right??
I really like Dave’s new studio. I think his decision to ditch the desk setup also gives him the opportunity to be more flexible when it comes to choosing the position of the camera for shooting reviews. Dave looks happier now too.
Watched the whole vid, the M1 iMac seems sus
The setup looks so uncomfortable
Guys, it's happening. Our guy is actually sitting *BIG NEWS*
Nice colors
Why am I not surprised with the color 😂
That Dark Green Color is really nice looking
Gotta love Dave bringing the desk back!
b
Lol, apple...
last time i was this early, mkbhd had 40 comments with 1 view
EARLY BIRD LET"S GOOOOOOOO!!
I want to buy this monitor
Back looks like the OG bondi blue
Man that Mac looks Different.
nice
M1 iMac Looks good but the apple logo at chinn would be awesome
This is a nice setup!
New lighting
Early gang
Never been this early...
Release the embargo
Yay
Love your videos mate😍
Yo
Been waiting for this
That chin is still ugly asf
Hi
2nd
Early gang
