yo scott, when is the next nepisode of Video Gamerz coming out, i've been waiting for like two decades
This is yet another case of throwing everything in the stew in order to please everyone yet pleases no one.
Two minutes of ranting about "cyber space bad" My guy, I have zoomed through so many stages, if anything from my experience says anything, you have a skill issue even the SEGA gods can't fix
Respectfully disagree
I’ve never been a real Sonic fan, mostly because my dream Sonic game is the opening cinematic to Sonic CD.    Frontier got closer to that, but not quite as “free”, ya know?
5:19 and that’s how you get me to subscribe. 🎣
Im very dissapointed this is not named a DASH of salt
We need an updated version of this since all 3 updates are out, and they made some big changes
8:10 oh. Well, this video didn't aged well.
Don't worry. Pretty sure everyone agrees Cyber Space is pretty weak
9 MONTHS LATE SQUAD WHERE YOU AT?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
2:23a.m. 8/16/2023
Continuity is a bad thing now?
There actually is a momentum mod for the game and it fixes some of the super clunky slow movement.
The physic are better on pc becuase the load in fully
i think they made this to be the same gemplay on each console.  the switch would struggle.
I think saying the game feels like a fan game is accurate. With cutscenes you could tell there was some grating budget allocation and with the gameplay it has some hiccups. Fumbled THE ENDing a bit with a lackluster reveal. I found myself holding to standards closer to an Indie game than AAA, which isn’t good since it is from a major company, but it still has heart to it, which is why I can’t be down on it.  At the end of the day it was a blast to go through the story and then finish off cyber space. I agree that it’s a 7/10 but that’s a good start for a “new era of sonic games”, which this is supposed to lead to.
It's not great but it ain't bad, yeah, that's my comment, that's all I have to say, don't click read more Read more...
Why can’t sonic spin dash?
Fun fact: the reaosn sonic feels different in cyberspace is because they literally reset your physics settings to default to keep times on an even ground which is dumb
5:05 Sonic Adventure 3 will NEVER happen. Sega’s just saying that to keep the Sonic Fanbase from breaking down.
Personally after playing this game my opinion is the spamming section is impossible there you go if you disagree with my opinion I will kill you and then bring you back to life to kill you again also I personally think you should lighten up the video because this kinda deters people from playing the game how negatively you talked about it so yeah
Sega needs to start asking creators of fan-games for tips and general assistance in development.
Why did you have to bully me with the hardest cyberspace levels song, it’s bop but I can’t get it out of my head
They had 5 years of development dude 5
In handheld mode I was playing in 144p
What is Sega is doing what DreamWorks did, making something really good but not perfect (sonic frontiers, bad guys) and later makes a perfect masterpiece (puss in boots: the last wish)
Just finished frontiers last night. I was having fun at the time but I don’t see myself coming back to frontiers often. My all time favorite game portal 2 I first beat it and then beat it again right after because I loved it that much. With frontiers I enjoyed my time with it but apart from doing all the side story stuff, finishing the cyber zones levels and maybe coming back after dlc 3 comes out I think I’m done with frontiers. I mainly was here for the story and character interaction. Maybe a few years down the line I’ll come back to it but the main collecting of the game I was first happy to do slowly wore me down and the last island I just paid for the memory tokens from fishing cause I wanted to finish the story and the true final boss, but also wanted the side story stuff as well.   It was a great game with alot of issues but I think replay value isn’t as high as other games. Either that or I’m burned out from playing this game all week right after work till I had to get at least a little sleep. Each work night is play for 4 hrs and get less than 6 hrs of sleep every night. If I were younger and didn’t have work I’d prob be a little different.
They should definitely lean more into the speed and momentum thing like you can see in sonic utopia. Give Sonic the sense of flow his chaotic and adaptive character has. Don't just stop him midway through whatever he's doing, let Sonic actually be the fastest thing alive for a game while also keeping (AND ENHANCING) the combat this game offered. Hell, keep the Open Zone stuff cause, when it was truly open, *IT WORKED.* It worked phenomenally. Just don't let Sonic Team hide in the shadow of its past, let it do what it wants to do AND GIVE IT THE TIME AND RESOURCES TO DO IT.
Makes sense, watching how they grew one cup in less than a month was admittedly shocking, I used what I talked about the other day, and well it actually took about 6 weeks for them to totally grow by two cups, I just go’ogled Mika Klopsworth and now the looks I get are so worth it.
I wish I could just casually walk up walls like sonic
Bro didn’t even play on the best version of the game and is basing it on that😂😂
Ok not related to the video but recently I got new Bluetooth earbuds AND THEY KEEP PLAYING THE SOUND THAT PLAYS WHEN YOU GET A NEW MISSION IN FNAF SECURITY BREACH WHY AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
As someone who is a sonic fan, yet has somehow managed to have only played some of the worse Sonic games (‘06 and Forces), this is a great breath of fresh air. I have actually spent the last 4 days nonstop playing it.  It really fueled a passion in me to love Sonic games, because I finally got to feel what a good sonic game feels like.
It's funny how this guy mentions the game spending "another year in development" because the game *is* getting updated all cross 2023.
5:43 YOU SAID THE M WORD! *BabyRage*
where did he get that clip of sonic utopia? iv looked everywhere and i cant find the place sonic was in
This game is a huge disappointment.
The cutscenes are trashy. They didn't even bother putting the lights, half the time the character's face is drowned in darkness.
1:20 not really a hot take the only good part of cyberspace is the visual and some original level designs in the last island
I feel like they should just make a new anime for Sonic. Then you won't have all that pesky gameplay getting in the way if the cool.
Get it on PS4 and Steam, why the Switch version, you bought the switch version on purpose, for Classic Sonic biase
Honestly, now that Scott mentions it, I would love to see a Sonic Adventure 3 to complete the trilogy (the original first Sonic Adventure doesn't count because SEGA released Sonic Adventure DX). Anyone agree?
On the physics. I've never played a Sonic game, and my knowledge on the franchise is extremely second-hand, but if I were to pick up the game, even as someone who'd prefer easier platforming, I think the physics would only drag it down. I feel that if doing an action mid-run makes you immediately stop moving, or slow down, it probably messes with the platforming too. I enjoy platforming and hopping around, where it feels less like there's always an anchor that will make me drop straight down, but it's an actual entity maneuvering around an environment, and having to calculate their jumps properly before making them.
Heya Scott, have you ever learned of sega's new mechanic called homing boost right? its the only thing I can clarify since its a tricky to pull of since its all manual and requires a spring to other things that sonic can homing attack then quickly press boost before contact to Zip into the air like Dragon Ball
Sonic Adventure 3 is 20 years overdue.
i refuse to get the auto combo attack skill
I refuse to use auto combo, takes the fun out doing the attacks  Imagine some auto combo system in dragon ball XenoVerse 2 that kept you going until your opponent was finished.  That would be lame  Speed is so much more fun when you manage to keep control of all of it
the cutscenes look like a GBA game
The Cyber Stages were good, I feel weird how they are kind of optional though. You only need to do them to get Emerald keys, but you’ll easily get the required amount for each island after 3-4 stages. The rest just have you hoarding keys with no benefit. You can even get keys in the overworld. I was hoping there would be a cosmetics shop or something to spend your excess keys, but there’s nothing.
I enjoy zooming around the overworld and the new sonic voice threw me off a ton otherwise i enjoy it
Look this verse please  Revelation 14:12  12 Here is the patience of the saints: here are they that keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
Imo this game was AMAZING
Actually liked the game. Yes, there’s a lot to optimize,but honestly I hope the next game is similar,but better optimized.means they should not do something totally different like a pinball game. Also with all the characters aiming for their own future, with their own meaning, maybe we can get something like sonic battles again, where you could play different character with different gameplay mechanics.
I'm just excited that a new sonic game that I've been told isn't bad is out. I know how sad that sounds but I feel like nothing is going to be as good as Sonic Battle Adventure 2. Also sonic team needs to bring back the Choa garden PLEASE!!!😭😭
8:48 YOOO Sweetheart CC!
If Frontiers had physics like Utopia, then 90% of the game would be spent in the air
The portals were awful. I didn't have fun when I played through them. Everything else was pretty decent, I had fun and it lasted two days longer than Luigi's Mansion 3 before I beat it. It was a good time, but the third island kind of pissed me off. No matter where I went I was suddenly on another little minigame to get a Tails collectible. Definitely a 6/10 from me. At least I had fun and at least it was better than Forces!
8/10 Great game
Sonic frontiers of a great game
Honestly iv never really been a fan of sonic games don’t get me wrong some of them are fun but the only ones I can really think of is adventure 2 the more recent stuff is mostly just glitchy buggy mess from my experience I really don’t understand how sonic is still a franchise that they make games for almost every game that comes out is hated and the only people that like them are the fans waiting for a good sonic game which I hope they get but ye that’s just my thoughts
You can actually adjust sonic speed in the settings.
I honestly feel like the switch is the worst place to play frontiers. I Dont remember having all of the glitches and bugs you seem to have, and I played on pc
I remember that for sonic frontiers what I feel like is missing is the hop feature. In sonic generations you could lightly tap the button to do a small hop and keep speed yet jump a bit. Very good at maintaining speed, but where did it go here?
I haven’t had any glitches or problems with the game it works perfectly for me I love it
Personally I liked the Cyberspace stages and totally understand if you don’t. They were just fun and was nice to get S Ranks. It felt a lot less confusing than Sonic Colors
Sonic frontiers was a good game for me up until the final boss (the end) when it was the hacking mini game I was so disappointed.
As someone who got the game on Switch for Christmas, I haven’t beaten it yet, and I haven’t played all of the zones (islands I guess), but I must say, the game is amazing. Like, absolutely AMAZING. I’m a huge Sonic fan and nerd, albeit I haven’t played many of the games. But this… this was a very food experience. Just like you, I played this on Switch, so the cutscenes were lower quality, and there were more frequent and obvious pop-ins. But honestly, it plays really, really well for a multi-platform title on Switch. I never experienced the bugs you did, like when I fought the Giganto boss, I would always get hit by his attacks, and I never clipped into him. Come to think of it I haven’t experienced many glitches at all, aside from being thrown in a random direction when boosting against a rock, and even that’s just a physics thing. Ah yes, the physics. As I was playing I never noticed it, but when you brought it up, I did remember Sonic feeling sorta magnetized to the ground, like he was heavier or something. And yea, boosting does feel weaker, and jumping and light-speed-dashing killing all speed is very annoying, but the physics are overall good. Not outstanding; we’ve both played fangames with better physics (I haven’t played Utopia yet, but just the Infinity+ Engine has AMAZING physics), but it’s still good. And some people will hate me for this, but I want momentum physics back. I want to keep the current boost mechanic, but give Sonic momentum physics so he can keep his speed when he jumps or goes down a hill or light speed dashes or anything. We already have the Stomp, and that kills momentum very well. The Slide also kills speed well. I’d like to see Sonic Frontiers with momentum physics. Now that I’ve started a war in the replies, on to the combat! The combat, in my opinion, is great. Sure, the animations on some of the moves take waaaay too long, but overall the combat was fun and full of high-speed Sonic action. Much better than boost-to-win or mash-homing-attack-to-win or wispon-to-win. Sure, you’re still mashing… the homing… attack… but still! More moves! Argument won! Lastly, the soundtrack. The soundtrack. Oh my word. The soundtrack is amazing. S tier. 10/10 To be fair, we all expected that, right? Anyways, that’s all from me for now! Happy New Year!
Hard unpopular opinion: I feel like this is the most boring looking Sonic game we’ve had in a long time.
Theres no edgelord made out of knives this game  2/10
i’d like to say i think this game is a 9/10, IF you’re playing on PC and have Beatz’s “Better Physics” mod installed (gives you a timing window for the parry, keeps momentum when jumping and light dashing, maintains open-zone physics when in cyberspace, and actually increases and decreases speed based on uphill/downhill). the main gripes i have are with the constant redundant tutorials and with how goddamn long it takes to level up with the Elder Koco if you have a ton of kocos stored, most likely from fishing. good game tho, loved every second of it
Honestly, if they added a bit more momentum, it could work, but either way, this is a step in the right direction. After beating the game I did a bit of research into the game’s development. Turns out they had to rush a few elements of the game due to taking their time on everything else, the boss of the first island for example took five years to implement, and there was still stuff left on the cutting room floor, for example Amy was supposed to drop in every now and again with rings for sonic, but they dropped it as it “messed with the pace of the fight. My main point is that you can feel that they cared how this game turned out, they just ran out the clock. It’s stuff like this that makes me wish that delaying games was easier, but with shareholders investing in your work, they need to see profits in order to keep all their ventures afloat. However they did say they are gonna keep working on it, even having a roadmap of sorts. I even heard from a friend that they are gonna go back and fix some of the rushed elements. If I find a source for that, I’ll put it in the replies.
please do a vid on spark the electric jester 3, it's basically sonic adventure 3. it's feels soo much better than frontiers
*SPOILER* why is the endboss an easier version of the very first boss and in the "final phase" just three quick-time-events?
I loved this game but I did have some of thes same complaints hop the next one is similar but with improvements and from my current info they are not done with this game and will be adding things later on
What we need is mods to give us Momentum and I can see this being the best game Sonic has. Especially mods to fix the Cyberspace levels. There is one level where no matter what direction you move, Sonic doesn't move if you don't hit a certain part.... the movement in Cyberspace is terrible and does make making some S times harder
After playing the game (which I just finished today… in three days), it left me wanting more. It was quick to give me the necessary items to progress the story and all that. My gripe is definitely the physics. Especially in the Portal zones, but mainly Sonic’s walk speed. Just off the bat- it’s too slow for my taste. I figured that when fully tilting the stick, Sonic would be jogging a good pace, like how characters in most games would be pretty much running, then sprint is the boost button (the trigger). I very much enjoyed that the characters were revitalized to how they were in older games. Amy have less clingy moments and being passionate about the world around her, Knuckles being the guardian of the Master Emerald, bold and strong, but sometimes unintentionally scares people with his strength (loved the animated prologue on their YouTube Channel!), and Tails baking a genius, and incorporating recent and old adventures brought a smile to my face. The ost… oh my sweet lord the ost. I’ve said before, Sonic Team never misses with the ost. At worst it’s a few notable songs in a single game. If you look back at even the worst Sonic game out there, there’s still to be great tracks in those. The Super Sonic sections had the best songs I’ve heard in years. Each of them being different and relating to the boss being fought was even more phenomenal. Overall, very strong soundtrack for this. Another gripe I had was that the game isn’t exactly clear as to WHY those Sonic specific platforms and bring rails exist. I was thinking like “maybe there’s a prophecy the Ancients foresaw about a radical hedgehog” or smth like that… I’ll head back and complete Tails’ side story to see if anything comes up, but I have my doubts. Overall, I’d say this game is better than average, it’s good, not great, some elements worked, and definitely some misses, but I had fun overall    *[SPOILER TERRITORY, LEAVE IF YOU HAVE NOT COMPLETED THE GAME!]*    Last warning… I’m approaching endgame story, leave if you haven’t completed the game!     Ok the end boss fight was disappointing… “The End”… it was just a Majora’s Mask Moon with a Death Laser, I expected a massive boss fight with a world ender, akin to Finalhazard. It was just three timed QTEs and that’s it?! That’s the other gripe I have with the game. I had expected a major final boss after Supreme, but that didn’t happen.  However, Sage’s moment was great. I really liked this shake up of Robotnik creating life out of code, and growing so fond enough to call her “daughter” I’m excited to see what else comes when the major update comes out. ‘Specially since Robotnik in post-credits successfully recovered Sage from her sacrifice.
I had a great time with it. It's a little rough around the edges, but the hype boss fights and decent writing squeezed a genuine tear outta me by the end. Leveling up speed and ring capacity is a nightmare of slow repetitive menu navigation + waiting for the text prompt to show up again just to go up 1 level in 1 of those 2 stats... when Power and Defense both upgrade as much as possible at the same time in 1 animation. This game coulda used a bit more time in development, but that didn't keep it from being one of the better Sonics I've played in a long while. It was worth it for me. :)
"This feels like a fan games" Does that mess looks like something made by a fan?
He didn't pick speed style did he?
Can confirm , there is a momentum mod and it makes the game infinitely more fun .
I wish they had unique level ideas- How many times will I have to play green hill, purple water factory, and floating sonic 3 ruins?
Wyvern fight was my favorite moment in this game
Sorry yes sorry
“He’s too slow”  Literally 5 seconds later “He’s too fast”
Salty sonic gamer lol nice video and art style
"Sonic runs too slow."  Two seconds later  "Sonic runs too fast at max speed."
I think you said it best at 7:50. They tried something, and it made me hopeful. Might not be the 9 out of 10 I wanted but it wasn't horrible and it gave Amy, Knux ,and Tails some much needed screen time and developments. Definitely a step in the right direction.  I wish they'd make another Adventure 1 Style game (Gameplay and character wise) with Adventure 2 style Chao Gardens, but I doubt either would actually happen (especially Chao Garden sadly).
It took me a while to get used to controlling Sonic in this game, at the beginning I couldn't stop seeing all the rough edges and it really annoyed me, but I sat with it and by the end of the first Island I was enjoying playing the game. I will say, the game doesn't really feel like a proper game right off the bat, like it kinda just felt like they make this as a basic demo for their new gameplay model. The game feels odd and they have a lot to iron out, but now that I've settled in I am really enjoying it.
I still don't know why people gave the first trailer crap. Never has a first trailer ever looked as good as the last, and never has the first trailer ever showcased how the final game was going to look.
"Also, this may be copium, but I think they're setting up for a new Sonic Adventure" I mean... it was kinda soft confirmed, so it's not rlly that much copium
4:39 lol, SHUT UP AMY SHUT UP
Sonic is trash
Did ya here the news about free dlc?
Sonic Boom with a side of salt?
Open world, and a better job the sonic boom at it too.  Not surprised most people forgot, but I didn’t.
I feel like a modded version of breath of the wild with blue link and speed boost times 4 would do a better job than this.
I am experiencing no weird physics nor any awkwardness of any kind.  This game is just plain good for me.  Graphics are my only issue.  Rogue Leader on GameCube was better graphically.
Omg FINALLY someone acknowledge the existence of Sonic Utopia! That game made me realize how much potential 3d sonic really could have and I was really hoping for something like that in Frontiers... Having said that though, I still really liked this game! I really hope we'll get a sequel with the Sonic aesthetic and not just a beautiful but bland world and maybe loops and stuff to interact with that are part of the world and not just floating around.
Well the final boss the end sucks.
It wouldn't be a Sonic game if it wasn't rushed out
For those of you who simply want a Sonic Adventure 3 and momentum based speed, look up spark the electric jester 3. That will scratch that itch.  Sega forgot what sonic is about.
I LOVE Sonic Frontiers (ofc I do I'm a Sonic fan lol), but I will admit it has flaws. Iizuka has confirmed that this will be the template for future games though so I'm hopeful like you said.
so, why's sonic fighting angels from NGE?
As my one friend said, Sonic Frontiers is frustratingly close to being a good game. lol
So apparently my favorite Sonic game, Sonic advanced, is not very well liked.
Having played through the game myself, I can agree that it's around a 6/10 in terms of score. It's not amazing, but it's fresh and a good direction for Sonic to go into. It just... needed more time to polish the rough bits. As full as the game feels with the random collectables, the things you can actually do in the open world feels so... empty. There's just too much of the same things everywhere and more often than not, I'd get stuck in a 2D thing for accidentally hitting a speed pad I didn't see because it popped in or I'd boost to get somewhere faster and whoops, Sonic suddenly learns how to fly and goes across the map doing sick flips. Which was funny at first, but quickly got out hand when I couldn't go where I wanted to because I just kept flying everywhere. It was also super easy to get lost even with the map, mostly due to the map being hidden without doing stuff, because everything looks so... samey on the islands. Plus with the pop-in issue, I could never really tell where the exits or entrances to some places were supposed to be; notably on the third island with tails there's an island you get to with speed pads and rails, but I just kept going back and forth on the island unable to figure out how to get off it because I could never see the rails load in. It was... tough.  Overall the story is what really drew me into the game and made me care. Which is good, as it's probably the biggest thing about Sonic being as popular as he is. He's a character and has developed over the years in both good ways and bad. But the real focus on his character and referencing past events, some of which I forgot like Dark Gaia from Unleashed, was really interesting. The call backs to Chaos, GUN Mechs (which sadly were just tanks and copters, not the robots), and even Infinite was really fun. There were some stretches in logic, such as Knuckles and Big existing, but I only felt a bit negative about some things not being referenced. Such as the "the Chaos are the Servers" or whatever it was from Sonic Adventure 1 and the Master Emerald was only mentioned in passing in one cut scene. Don't really want to go into major spoilers, but I'd recommend watching those cutscenes if you like or liked Sonic at all; it's a good semi-serious story.  For the gameplay salt, I have to agree the portal levels were the weakest parts. Some were fun to learn how to do correctly, as they always are in Sonic games, but Sonic felt... slow and some levels were just bad. There's one where you're just drifting left and right to not fall off and it was so awful despite being fast. It'll be nice to see where they take this criticism and where Sonic goes from here, but hopefully they'll actually put in more time to make sure it runs right. The Pop-in issue was very much there even on a PS4, so it's not a Switch exclusive, but I'll say the game ran well outside of a few times where I went way too fast and it had to load stuff quick. Still, I hope Sonic's focus on character arcs and development is what sticks around and I look forward to more Sage and Eggman's wholesome story.  ... Assuming Sonic's creator can get out of being arrested.
If u like utopia then I'd give GT a chance
honestly my biggest issue when playing the game was upgrading speed and ring capacity. I didn't know fishing was in the game until I reached the final area where the reward coins get like a x8 multiplier compared to the area 1 rewards so it was so much easier to afford anything you could trade those coins for. I used fishing to gather all the Kocos and seeds I needed to max out everything. Upgrading attack and defense was as simple as just showing up to the hermit with all the seeds you need and you instantly have all the levels those seeds would get you. But for speed and ring capacity you had to do both ONE..........LEVEL........AT..............A............TIME. It didn't help that you had to wait a second every time the menu to chose what to level up came up before it would register any inputs and you couldn't skip the animation to level up each time so getting to level 99 in both speed and ring capacity took AT LEAST an hour to get through all of them. Also, there were some free roam area boost panels or springs that, when interacted with (even if accidentally), would lock you into doing whatever platforming challenge thing it brought you to instead of just letting you walk away to continue going where you were initially going to and it was infuriating at times. Other small issues I can get over because of how much I genuinely enjoyed this game. The story was fantastic (sage must be protected at all costs) and I'm excited to see where they go next with the series.
... Tales of Sonic Frontiers.
S A L T
Sonic has good graphics but mediocre game mechanics. Pokémon has mediocre graphics and good game mechanics.
PC seems to have less clipping
I don't usually play sonic but this one looks promising. Being unable to stop and explore deterred me from Sonic mania after the first stage. But Frontiers looks way more like my type of game.
i have no plans to buy or play this game but if i did the main reason i'd get it is because nathan sharp has a song in the game
Yeahhhh, if they just let Sonic actually roll around at the speed of sound I think this game would be something of a gem.
I feel like there may be a Tails centric game due to his conversations with Sonic.
I hate it I'm not getting it, I can make better and I can't count...
All of the islands have different enemies
It’s an extremely unpolished game, but the bar for Sonic is so low that it looks great compared to previous entries.
-10/10 Not a game for everyone - IGN
Did sonic just collect collectables for a covid?
Sonic Frontiers feels like the series is going in the right direction again, and (maybe i also inhaled copium, but) I agree that i reminds me  lot of Adventure 1 and 2, honestly its only missing the momentum based movement. Boost isn't particularly bad but it kinda caps sonic's design in a way, you cna have momentum based movement work with boost since it would just break the whole thing. Some modders already put momentum in the game and if you use boost while at it you can straight up ignore most of a stage and/or island.   If they up sonic's speed and either rework boost or remove it and add momentum again, this I feel would be a much, MUCH better game. That being said its still a good, if not great game. The world is set up weirdly and some boss fights have weird cameras but the gameplay just FLOWS so right from one challenge to the next in the overworld, and the bosses are HYPE AS FUCK. Been a while i didnt bang with a sonic OST like this, ever since E.G.G.M.A.N and Unknown from M.E from SA2. They are also very fun, Sonic team realised again that Sonic is a racing game where you play solo, so they just went INSANE with boss design. Also helps that they had 5 years (at least) for this, its a team that doesn't get many wins today, so this is gonna win them some confidence. Im honestly hoping for what comes next...   SONIC ADVENTURE 3. SONIC ADVENTURE 3. SONIC ADVENTURE 3. I CAN DREAM
"Im a Sonic fan, a decent playable 7 is like a 10 for us BAYBEE!" -CircletoonsHD
‘This feels…like a fan game”  Thank you! I was thinking the exact same thing. The open world alone feels empty and the cutscenes lacking much needed life.
I really wish i could have enjoyed this game, the character interaction was fine, the songs were good, the bosses were fun...aaaand everything else was dog shit.  Look, there was no plot in this game, absolutely nothing happens during the run time of the game, the gameplay loop is the exact same for the WHOLE game, get collectibe to be told to get collectibe to be told to get collectible.   And getting those collectibles would be fun IF it werent for the open zones being riddled with floating rails and platforms along with springs and dash panels so the whole thing is automated most of the time
Honestly, I kinda like cyberspace but overall fun game but not perfect.
It sounds like the person who made the physics in this game also made it in PSO2NGS. A lot of awkward momentum things like stopping all momentum when you do literally anything besides using the photon dash.
Bro said he is really slow as if you can't level his speed 💀 like literally the point of the game 💀💀
If they want to make Sonic fast but controllable why don’t they just make it he can slow down time (not like time manipulation but more like in the quick silver scene, they could add a stamina bar that makes you even faster than normal and you can use the slow down time effect to help control said boosted speed when needed
6:16 there are mods to fix momentum
4:06 “but the song slaps.”  A good Sonic OST? That’s all I need to know.
I’m also on the side of letting sonic be fast instead of relying on boost pads. Oh and the grind rails are excessive in this game. Makes me not wanna play it I can’t even admire the level design. Especially when the map feels like sonic isn’t supposed to run on it with him trippin all over the geometry
Psyloop? Oh, sorry, I thought you meant styler from Pokemon ranger
The ending song and Eggman's last scene (before the post-credits stinger) really tugged my paternal-instinct strings. Expressing such emotion, and how the character deals with it, with just a little bit of animation and a clenched fist was incredibly impressive and impactful.
Looks like a unity game ngl
In regards to the pop-in critique, that seems to be a constant across *all* versions of the game.  I've seen PS5 footage with the same pop-in problem that the Switch version does.
They should trash 2D or fix the physics. Imo they should just do sonic mania 2 and continue making these 2d games, and then ridding 3d sonic from 2d. Like why wouldn't they do that 🤦‍♂️
I guess sonic left his normal shoes at home and wore his Magnetic ones
Finally someone mentions sonic utopia, a free fan level that is a better game than frontiers by itself, it's insane.
They need to get rid of 2d sections entirely. Simple as that.
I'm just tired of hearing reviewers utter the phrase "despite my complaints, I'm having fun with the game", it's a huge red-flag for me anymore.
Get good, practice makes perfect.
Forwarded Forwarded Forwarded
I'm probably gonna return it not gonna lie. It feels like the opposite of sonic, chunky and slow instead of fast and fluid. The practice half a second long hit stop on homing attacks is one glaring example
Sonic is supposed to be thorn in the side of his enemies. Not a fucking truck like he's felt in every game since unleashed. He's supposed to be slippery and fast dodging every attack rather than the still fast but fast like a truck movement the newer boost titles and frontiers has him feeling like. I just really really want a frontiers like combat system but with more focus on him being... Fast. And for the love of god please just scrap cyberspace and just make Sonic Utopia official like goddamn that fan game is everything I've ever wanted in a sonic game lmao
This game fees and looks like a unity test demo from 2016 especially with the physics, sticking to walls and stopping on a dime
i dont know about giving all the speed to sonic at first place because as i am new to sonic franchise, if the speed is so fast that its almost out of control, i would have hard time to play it. instead it limits the power and slowly gives time to new player to adjust what sonic can do and want to go more fast by upgrading the speed. so far, this game is quite a blast for me. good job team.
I really like it, and I felt really fast, but then again the last real Sonic game I played was Sonic Adventure 2 Battle
You should play Sonic Robo Blast 2!
Even though that frontiers is not perfect, it feels like a step in the right direction for sonic.☺️
I didn’t think Frontiers was even on Switch. That’s sacrilege
i wish sonics default speed was faster, but other than that he feels so good to control in the open areas. glad to hear im not the only one who didnt like the 'classic' stages, i had fun trying to get s rank on some of them but they kinda kill the game flow. im glad you gat get items from big so you can skip over all that
My primary issue with it from seeing is its lack of color, for a sonic game its seams very bland, like a lot of greys, ive never been a fan of grey toned games, shadow of the colossus and dark souls always gave had that to them but they werent from a happy franchise, sonic is supposed to be bright and cheerie, the devs do know trees and foliage exist right? "Environment would just slow sonic down!", they say, which I reply "that doesnt mean environment doesnt stop existing, building dont just pop up for spiderman so he can keep swinging"
it's a decent game But i just have to roll my eyes at how the Sonic fandom pretends this is like the best game of 2022
"fishing mini game" •sonic adventure one flashbacks• NO, GAWD NO!
i really hope that the interest shown by the community in sonic frontiers helps get a longer cooked bigger budget sonic game greenlit.
gotta collect  the collectables ynow
I don't know if anyone else has noticed, but does anyone else think the cyberspace levels are just ripped stage layouts from other 3d games
Can I get some pepper with that?
I feel like the only person that actually loves the cyberworld stages. It feels bad at first but once you start to learn how to take advantage of the options you got, you get to absolutely blitz thru stages without slowing down at all and I LOVE the 4 missions per stage that encourage exploration.  The stages have very good design for branching paths and hidden nooks, even the ones that are repeats, and I just love it so much.
I will say that the game's economy is a bit wonky. The fact that you can infinitely spawn rings (and collectibles) from using the cyloop as much as you want, and that big's fishing store lets you buy collectibles instead of getting them from the levels and hub world, makes exploration practically meaningless.
Its ok but it could've been better in my opinion still g game
The settings let you choose Sonic's starting speed.
Most fun I had since Generations. . Most engaging story since Sonic Adventure 2. . (Switch Version) There definitely was momentum issues and control issues that scared me, but not enough to call it outright broken (hell I used it to my advantage to get things). . Enjoyed the combat (simple and quick), and even the cyberstages (especially when I figured out the level design secrets). . Valid argument on the cyberstages though, but at least it's a one-two and done because this game is VERY generous to people who explore all over the place with its collectables. . But let's be real, was not a fan of the pinball mini-game and that's where it became a physics issue and an expectation issue on how to complete it. . .
I just missed sonic, man. Also, goddamn I cant help but wait until the end of every video watching that little Scott go.
I'm playing it rn, and its fun! I'm a little disappointed and cyberspace levels are actual ass, and the story is a bit... lacking, but it's good! It's the first good sonic game to come out in a while. Obviously games like mania and sa2 are a ton better, but it's good.
I actually loved this game honestly. Although I didn't encounter any bugs so that was interesting to find out about but overall my experience is I loved it. I actually did start on normal mode with the other setting thing making me slow and when I went to hard mode and chose the actual speed setting I realized how held back I was. But overall I enjoyed running around the open zone area and the cyberspace levels. Music was amazing also, and honestly I don't care much about graphics so can't really say much about that. As long as it's an actual fun game I can play, it can look like n64 graphics for all I care
Music is still a bop
Honestly I feel like this game is kinda overrated. I feel like instead of it being a good game, it’s more like, “It’s good, for a sonic game.”
Big the cat! Man I loved his mini game on the Dreamcast as a kid
I… actually appreciated the slow running. It allowed me to feel more in control. If I wanted to go fast, it was by my decision, not forced onto me.
well Falco, the game is fun to some degree but the Cyber stages are the weakest part for me. the open zone is fun but I agree that the rails, boost pads and hoops should be stage-only. man, I miss Station Square.
I was very disappointed with the game.   - I am familiar with the writers work and was excited to see the story he had to tell, but it was spread too thin to work in a video game medium. - Camera controls are iffy. - Millions of mechanics without a fun core mechanic. Feels like 'going fast' always distracts from the fact that Sonic is a platformer that shines best in its slower paced moments. - Poor sense of direction with tedious side quests. - Collectable red coins make rushing through retro levels feel awful when you miss them and your completionist OCD kicks in, which is bad since a Sonic game should make going recklessly fast feel good. - Super Sonic fights don't excite me. - The game has purple coins? Really?  I am happy for anyone that can enjoy this game, but it just isn't for me. I wish Sega all the best regardless since their good sales means the game is creating a lot of happiness.
you saying open zone is kinda annoying ngl
I thought it was a nice game considering it gives us a lore drop with how the Chaos Emeralds came to Mobius, though I wish there was more Eggman (I know about the Egg memos but still) Plus Big the Cat is a lifesaver if you don't want to do the cyber space areas
I love open world games. I also love the sonic speed zoom of sonic games. Sonic frontiers is good, but not great.
I just want a 3D sonic game where rolling is the main mechanic please Sega
Finished the Platinum about a week ago and, yeah, I agree that the cyberspace stages are the worst part of the game. I did enjoy them more when I realized the “layouts” of the stages, despite being themed on 1 of 4 or 5 stages, were each based directly on stages from past Sonic games. I noticed one had Wild Canyon from Adventure 2 rebuilt almost block for block.
TBH I kinda like the slowness? Idk, I like that you have to work to maintain top speed, making going fast a real skill challenge. It kind of reminds me of Sonic 1 in a way. I do agree 100% that the cyberspaces are pretty eh. I like the idea of a collection of brisk little challenges, but moving around in the open world is way more fun. I think cyberspace could work if the challenges were a little more tight and varied, but overall I love the exploration way more and once I realized that you can just fish your way to everything you need I just did that. I dunno if I want this kind of gameplay direction moving forward with the main line, but a Sonic spinoff or smth with more exploration would be pretty tight, maybe with environments packed with stuff to run and climb on. Something like Sunset Overdrive's parkour gameplay would be the dream.  As a Sonic Comics Reader (tm), I can tell you that all the tone change and references are a very Ian Flynn thing to do. The comics don't get grimdark or anything, but Flynn loves finding ways to push characters to their limits. As for the references, I feel like it's less of a fanservice thing and more that Flynn sees it like the previous games being things the characters went through and thus would be things that they would sometimes reference. It's not perfect, as like you said it can really alienate newer fans, but I personally really like the way it makes the characters feel more alive. Flynn is also a very "I can fix it" kinda guy, and he likes to find ways to look at previous material from unique angles or approach genuine problems in a way that fixes them without just retconning the stuff nobody likes. Again, not perfect (ex:The Deadly Six should probably just stop existing please,) but I do like the approach of finding ways to recontextualize things in a way that makes them more interesting. Tails' whole Arc in Frontiers and the way he references Forces can attest to that, I think. Plus some of Eggman's logs in the game.  Also, I don't think it's just the copium my dog, I super think they're laying SA3 groundwork here.
This game is really fun and can be better with a patch. It's a fresh and new idea that fits with Sonic. It's a good step forward to improve on in the future.
4:39 Amy- "hi sonic, I've been meaning to tell you something." Sonic- "SHUT UP you stupid B****. Hiya!"
Sonic Frontiers is really solid. Fun game but could definitely be better. For the first time in a long time I actually feel hopeful with the Sonic series. If they take this idea of an open world Sonic game and improve it, they could make something amazing like with Sonic Generations. Here's to hoping Sonic Team can pull it off! 🤞
It's nice to have a good sonic game, I just don't like that every game is an open world now, games don't have to have 100 hours of gameplay to be good and filling a game with a bunch of collectibles and empty space or pointless objetives to get there
It could’ve been nice to have the cyberspace levels that were 2d, look and play like the classic games, maybe they could’ve just made all the cyberspace levels 2 for this
I’m not complaining knuckles is back to his old sonic adventure 2 self and Amy isn’t a child figuring out what a boy is
I guess it’s ok for my first sonic game
✋!!!!Spoilers alert!!!!🤚 ✋Read for you're own concern🤚    I kinda liked the game with all the bosses, they were fun to battle with, especially the titan bosses with their cool soundtracks and ways to beat them, but i was kinda dissapointed with the finall boss because during the whole game its kinda hyping you up for it with all the cutscenes and bosses its showing you and finally at the end, it just turns out to be a sphere supposed to be an purple moon, and the way to beat it is more like a cutscene than a boss battle, sure hard mode has a version where you actually battle the finall boss but it wasn't a sonicfrontiers battle style you had during the whole game. So i say the design and way to beat it was kinda lame, but the end cutscene with eggman reviving his daughter was pretty wholesome and i liked it 😢
Auto combo is for weenies.
Spin dash is a disappointment and getting one of those moves completely overrides the option to use it more or less. I also hate the lack of wallrunable walls before halfway the time games over. And 100 percent Adventure 3, spin dash is is the best it's been In years
I would love if they removed boost pads. I get making him too fast would make controlling him a nightmare, but that's what the boost button is for, let us have "fast" and "really fast" instead of "cripplingly slow" and "normal running speed". Let my boy be fast in the game about being fast. I really hope they do make a sequel that expands the movement and combat, because the titans were the most hype fun i've had in a sonic game ever, and if the next game gives us more aggressive bosses to make use of all the tools we're given, i genuinely believe it would be my favorite sonic game.  Oh and obviously make the parry an actual parry instead of a normal guard that happens to counterattack. Get the yakuza team in there to program the fighting if you have to.
frontiers shows collectathons can still be viable
See what I want too see now that they are tapping back into the whole "sonic actually throws hands" instead of just spindash and homing attack, is another sonic and the black knights game or something of that sort of they fix some of the movement and really gave the combat some more depth it could be a really fun game focused on fast swordplay and using your environment to do attacks like riding on a rail and getting a cool spinning jump slash off, and have it be fluid from slowish more grounded focused attacks to the speedy fast flashy attacks for either stun or chip damage of course there's a lot of other things to take into account such as super sonic and how that might balance the game and power ups stuff like that but I would quite like that idea to at least be givin a shot by either fans or a Sega
Whats the song that u used in the background?
So that… was a thing  Well that was fun  Ah yes, the best dialogue, at least those are great meme lines
I just wish they could get a game into the "enjoy _and_ recommend" bracket for the first time in a while. Like I'm still having a time, but I wouldn't nudge anyone into Frontiers if they weren't already buying it.
it feels like a tech demo
Slow? Did you not even adjust the speed settings for Sonic in the options menu?
if they can update this game it could be a solid B- which for Sonic is like an A+
Needs more chaos
Use the infinite speed feature
I love everything about this game except the physics. But compared to recent games it's a 200/10.
Playing on the ps4 and I haven't had some of the issues you did. I love this game. I had massive feels
Any Sonic games made by Team Sonic just end up being bad. I would argue it may be best to just leave Sonic to go Public Domain and let fans create and design the games rather than a team of people with art degrees and debt who honestly don't seem to care about the fun of a game.  Perhaps don't have Sonic games created in Japan. When style is more important than the gameplay loop, Sonic will always fail.  Why does that fan game look far more fun than anything ever officially published? Does nobody at Sega google Sonic Fan games before doing a project to see what has worked else where?
Worst review ever. If you play platformers, which I do, you'll realize even games like Forces aren't bad comparatively, it's just that the Sonic name brings so much expectation and desire from fans.   This is the best Sonic game since Adventure 2 easily, and poor reviews like this are why we can't have nice things.  Like dude....you're a terrible reviewer, you should stop now with your shit ass hot takes for views. Also learn to not suck at games, the physics aren't bad you're just bad at controlling Sonic 😂
Looks like a fun game to watch someone play. All the rails and everything just there looks ugly and bland tho
I’m gonna be honest, a lot of the issues people seemed to have with Frontiers, I didn’t really seem to have gripes with myself. I just really enjoyed navigating the world. Simply running around and doing stuff made me reminiscent of why I love Sonic CD, which is my favourite game in the series. I’m very excited for the future of this series
I don’t think the game is objectively good, but I think it’s a big step in the right direction.
It's meh. They were trying for an open world map for you to run around in, but I spend most of my time looking for those map icons to reveal more of the map. It reminds me of basically any ubisoft game. What's more, sonic feels very slow in the open world map. Even while boosting. Finding those little kocos is annoying due to how small they are, but they are needed to increase your speed and ring capacity. Even after increasing my speed, sonic still feels slow on the open map. Combat is fine. The actual levels are okay, but kind of hard to enjoy due to the cyberspace glitch effects. They also feel a bit to short. A down grade fron sonic unleashed day stages and sonic generations. And yes, like Scott said, sonic feels slow in them. Voice acting is fine. The boss fights are good and the music, while they're no crush 40, does a great job at hyping you up and gets you more invested in the fight.
Think the boost pads shouls be more of an "activated by boosting" thing that changes Sonic's direction rather than something that boost Sonic because Sonic can already boost by himself anyway. Admittedly never played the other 3D sonic titles so I wouldn't have muscle memory or any form of nostalgia of how boost works previously, but Boost as a way to control Sonic's speed seems to work pretty fine here. It's basically a run faster + airdash button. If anything, what I would recommend is removing the whole "limited boost" mechanic, and just let Sonic boost as much as he wants, because stamina system sucks, and the limited boost is basically a stamina system for no good reason.
I actually ignored the game, because I thought "Only good sawnick games are 2D", but this looks fun. Ebick.
In conclusión its fun, but also play Sonic utopia
if they could tighten animations and reimplement physics (and probably stop relying on booster pads) and the idea theyve put forth here is a great foundation. the idea that they could go back to the adventure formula would honestly be disastrous if they dont relearn how 2 physics. its straight up the biggest flaw with the series as the games have moved on. i genuinely think even most of the games considered bad would be better simply by adding that back in.  im just begging that sonic team/sega takes a look at all the reviews and fan discussion notices how often the lack of physics comes up in conversation
lots of unpopular opinions. yikes bud this vid kinda took an L. sounds like you're just trashing the game bud yikes.
My only real problem with removing the boost pads is that the game is designed in such a way to where if they weren't there sonic would constantly be falling off of whatever hes running on due to the curvature and positioning of the spot being so specific.
When it comes to sonic games, I’m pretty open minded.  I completed this game in 10-12 hours and while I do miss Sonic’s speed, I can live with it.  As for the collectibles?  Idk what I did but I hardly ever had a hard time collecting stuff, I would just explore, do my thing, do a cyber stage, etc. and I would be set.  Loved the boss fights and so far, I think this game could lead to dlc/expansions so that’ll be great if it happens.  After sonic forces, this is definitely a step up
"Definetely not Koroks" or is them?
1:35 now that's an 06 moment in my book.
Okay, so I've already played two times this game To me is a solid 8/10 I would have liked the cyberspace to have more levels not only Green Hills, Sky Sanctuary, Chemical plant and the city The graphics aren't the best but they're passable Although the most important thing imo, is that it has taken a deeper and serious tone. The characters have returned to being themselves and man, I love Sonic. What more can I say
honestly i love the slower sonic for smaller levels
Which Music does he used in this video?
" jumping kills momentum " Until you dash in midair in the direction you want to keep moving " tower enemy hard " It's the first big boss and easy to beat  " all they did was talk in the cutscenes " What are they supposed to do? Bang?
"When it works it feels good, but when it doesn't it feels painful"  Sounds like a modern sonic game to me.
Game kinda felt unfinished, in parts they didn't think things through in design, like how I never did the rope skipping puzzle because you can just cheese it... Also the S ranks are bad, some stage you can barely make it with skipping most of the stage, others i was 20-30 seconds early... while literally walking back for a missed red coin
Almost didn’t read the title Was about to say you complain too much🤣
to me frontiers is the legends arceus of sonic after disappointment after disappointment they made a somewhat decent title where they try something new and it was good to probably set up for a new game (pokemon did at least)
I didn't have that many issues on PC except for the occasional sonic trips over something an inch off the ground and gets launched in the air. I was in the final map the other day and almost got launched into orbit going up a slope.
I liked the general consensus that this game has far too many problems, but the things that work work and the things that dont work are absolutely amazing foundations for a true "adventure" style comeback. i'll wait for a sale on this one, but i really hope they can take the feedback for this and make a true return to form.
I legit just ignore games with "sonic" in them because every single time they always look rushed asf. this is no exception.
They did you make you fast enough in this game
I'm so glad I'm not the only person who saw "NINJA" and just screamed "TYLER BLEVINS?!"
See i don't trust it. Everyone keeps saying it's great because it's not forces 2. Just because forces was awful, and some of these people were praising forces for not being boom 2, doesn't mean this game is good.    The gameplay looks awful.
I've only played through the first zone and I really like it. I'm with you with the Dash Panels being removed as they're pretty much redundant when you got a boost but only in the open world. The Cyberspace levels I'm okay with them being there as it can aid in getting a faster time.
For me it's an 8/10, I think. That mostly boils down to the fact that I actually really like (most of) the cyberspace stages. The 2D ones definitely feel weirdly slow, but there's not a single 3D one that I didn't love.
1:41 I feel the exact opposite.  Modern Sonic is way better at maintaining his momentum than classic Sonic.  The speed boost and homing attacks keep you moving forward in a way the spin dash doesn't.
Been playing on the Xbox One X. No bugs yet. Just having fun! Isn't that all that matters? Having fun with a video game.
I hope they don't make another sonic adventure. I really don't want sega raping the legacy of sonic adventure. They kinda did it with 06 but the game wasn't called adventure 3 so it doesn't really bother me.
I'm surprised it wasn't mentioned that most of the cyber stages were just reskinned stages from old games
The game feels fun but it doesn't feel all the way there in regards to overall quality. This has potential, and if SEGA doesnt throw this idea away, I would love to see more of this in a sequel where they've taken the time to expand and polish what worked and remove or renovate what didnt.
I think its a perfectly fine game but  so agree with the speed issue
Pop-in is bad on PS5 as well. I would have stuff pop in like right in front of me. Even in performance mode.
At least Sega is on the right path, hope they can improve on a sequel or on a similar game.
Psyloop (spelling?) is an old mechanic from NiGHTS, another SEGA property. I just think that’s neat
So a broken physics engine, terrible pop in, brain dead combat, and half of the same bugs as sonic 06 STILL nets this a good score? What the hell is wrong with people...
They took the phantasy star online new genesis engine and just put Sonic in it? This is more garbage than Sega usually puts out
Why is Super Sonic fighting Sachiel?
Loved the game minus the actual ending
4:02 how did you have these issues? I never even clipped into the boss and most attacks magnetised to the boss if they were close enough in my playthrough.
Couldn't agree more with this.  Great summary. Fun game already, but it could be sooo much better  That being said, nicely done video
Congrats on hitting a million
feels like a fan game and go play this other fan game lol
I give it a solid 9 had nothing but fun with this game (minus the pinball mini game) and I don’t mind the limiting shows that sonic is still getting stronger to keep up with these larger god their enemies and yes the controls are a little odd but again it’s probably proof a concept and the fact that this game is just that and it’s still this good makes me hyped for what’s to come also the story I reallly enjoyed as well as the fact that they discussed prior events which is rare in sonic games and they have cameos and acknowledged most previous games and that these characters are now actually characters with goals and doubts instead of hey I need you to do this for me for plot in a cutscene Personally I feel if it didn’t have the sonic tag to it this game prob would be doing better in the ratings department for “obvious”... reasons but that doesn’t mean the game isn’t fun as hell yes ups and downs but even the most legendary of games in the past had those plus I mean come on how often do we get ACTUAL sonic lore in a game I grew up with modern sonic 06 was my favorite actually >.> but you can say what you want but I still bought 4 copies of this game for each console because I want more of this this is good and this game should get what it’s worth instead ofmppl saying I’ll just wait for it to get cracked or I’ll gameshare it because it’s “just” a sonic game
PC has a fair degree of pop in as well. i got not the latest but a pretty top end rig and was noticing it. it was a bit of a problem back in generations. which, some of the early portal stages, were just straight rips from generations. i know because before launch i blazed through all of generations.
Just started on it myself over the weekend. Some of the Cyberspace levels are fine, some are kind of a pain in the rump, but overall between the alright to good gameplay and the great story stuff, I'm having a fun time. I'd probably put it more at an 8/10 myself.  As for the weightiness, it kinda fits I suppose in a "Beginning of a metroidvania" sort of way. Sonic makes reference to a lot of the gameplay mechanics like the markers and map when talking to some characters, so maybe if he'd actually reference he's not feeling as fast as he usually is and we do just keep building it up, it would fit that better.  That said, a lot of the issues of Sonic games can come from trying to mach speed this stuff right off the bat.
0:29 ...is the setting for first playthrough speed set? There's a setting ingame that caps your speed only to about Mario's speed that honestly should be turned off by default
ah yes sonic hearts 3 =]
"When it works, it feels good. But when it doesn't, it's painful" Basically Sonic Adventure 2, which I played for the first time recently. It was very painful.
I personally enjoyed Sonic Forces. I liked creating my own character and the music slapped. I don't know what people expect for an open world where you have a speedster. Too fast and you can't control them or react to your surroundings. Hoping for a SA4.
yo i’m not gonna lie tho the sonic frontiers game isn’t even bad instead i think it’s somewhat fun to watch people play and it reminded me of the open world spider-man game
1:21 I dont think that's a hot take XD
This. Is. Bad....
Playing it on PC, the voice-over is... uh- Anyways; the gameplay stages are fun while trying to get the whole checklist of stuff but afterwards, I doubt I'd ever play them again. As for the open world? Would be nice if I could leave a big-enemy battle when I don't feel ready to take it on. (Playing on highest settings, difficulty & speed-mode.) Because even when I am across the map, squid-boi-or-girl is STILL TRYING to CATCH THESE FEET.
Every time I see a sonic review, it's like people demand perfection without ever really saying so. Like it's never good enough. A lot of his complaints can be put to other open world games as well. Like 7:10 for example. If this game had Sonic Utopia physics, they'd be over shooting every NPC and quest objective they're trying to reach.   The real problem here is that people use 2D sonic as a baseline for all sonic games, even the 3D, which would be like me reviewing God of war but with the standards of Shovel Knight. It just doesn't work and people aren't happy with Sonic unless he's 16 bit.  This one is a good 3D sonic game. Don't fall for the sonic cycle bandwagon. This is how nearly every review for 3D Sonic goes by now, there's ALWAYS just a few things missing.
Deadass haven't played a sonic game since adventure battle 2 bought this one on a whim because I heard the first boss theme and saw some of the fight and that alone was enough for me to try it and I've been having fun honestly the pop in being horrendous even on PC is really the only complaint I've had jank like clipping into the bosses is also a little weird but I just laugh stuff like that off unless really breaks the game
It loses points in graphics for me. Not the overall aesthetics, but the constant pop in of stuff. The momentum is quite bad. Physics bugs happen constantly as well. The story is neat, but its dialogue is hit or miss. Sometimes even cringe. It's a Sonic game, so whatever. Comat really is just mashing buttons. It always has been to be honest, so nothing new there. Switch port... functions. I'd recommend avoid playing it that way. The game is great if you're a fan (like me), but it's passable for anyone else. I don't think Sega is going to add notable DLC to this game, but I might be wrong. If they do, more levels and stages would be nice. Maybe more story stuff as well?  I haven't played it yet and am waiting for modders to "enhance" the game first. Momentum, pop in, memes, etc. I have seen a few let's plays, so it's obvious what's wrong or missing for me to quickly review this game. 6/10 for me. 9/10 as a Sonic fan.
Is it just me or does a Sonic team x Koei Tecmo game would be great? A Sonic Musuo game seems amazing in concept 🤔
For me Sonic did not feel limited whatsoever (probably because I played in High-Speed Mode) but I can definitely see why someone would think so. Another thing that seems to help is just going into the settings and maxing out stats for Sonic. It makes him feel much more smooth to control in the early game and slowly becomes smoother as you play and level up Sonic.
On the mention of the fishing.   TL:DR Fishing can cut out all of the cyber space levels from island 2 and onward  There's a event that will pop in from time to time once you beat the 1st island, (It might appear on the 1st one IDK. it didn't appear on the 1st island on my playthrough) Star bits will appear on the open zone and if you pick it up a small slot machine will start rolling. the slots are automatic and don't need any interaction to get them started, outside of collecting the bits. (As well if collect some while the slots are rolling it will be put in a reserve) The reward for winning the slots are fishing coins, and the coins you can get with the slots are crazy. this is where the fishing comes into play. on the later fishing ponds, the rewards for catching stuff rises, and you can trade in the tokens you get for Chaos emerald keys and memory tokens. I got a ton of fish coins from island 2 and spent them all on keys on island 3. To give an idea, I did most of the cyber space levels I could find on island 1 and 2, 0 on 3 and 1 on 5   so yeah, cyber space is not required due to animal crossing level fishing.
Cool review; the background music you were looping was the most annoying thing I've ever heard.
I actually genuinely liked the darker story path in this game. Progressively Sonic becomes more and more injured and beaten down and even his idle animations reflect that. It also effects his interactions and dialogue with companions later in the game, like in Tails' Island. I really wish the developers leaned into that more and made the landscape reflect this heavier tone. By the time you get to Tails' Island, maybe reflecting the corruption of the land and its previous inhabitants would've been a bold but amazing choice as it essentially is ground zero when everything went wrong in the past. (Trying to omit as much spoilers as possible) It would've been overall more satisfactory to me to see the beloved characters grow from the experience as they're forced to rely on Sonic more than they ever had before and Sonic to grow from the harrowing experience and discover how much he really is trusted. It would've made the game more impactful to me, especially whilst trying to slog through the near game breaking bugs that made the it both nauseating to look at and play as well as infuriating to actually properly do the mechanics in boss fights (@ rollerskating boss)
THERES TREES IN THIS GAME?? IS THAT WHAT THE INVISIBLE COLLISION IS???
That aint copium, dude. Sonic team has *openly stated* that they want to make SA3 if frontiers does well
I think I understood what I was missing when playing the Cyberspace levels, because I was also not having fun, and was wondering if they really just put more work into the visuals than any good level design.  Then it hit me. These levels were short, detailed, and full of alternate routes. I wasn't supposed to rush through them, I was supposed to take it at the speed I'm going, and process/observe my surroundings to react appropriately to where I am and where I'm going. Then on replay, I can Speedrun through with the best route I learned.  It's not as good as being able to blaze through environments like in Generations and such, but now that I'm using my slower speed to plan out the best routes/strategies in these compact levels, I'm able to enjoy them a lot more. Less about fast reaction, and more about perfecting in these mini-challenges. It still has it's frustrating moments though.
I really wish that the movement in the game was better but overall its an okay game
Give me a new sonic adventures *stares at Chao garden*
Gotta love 8:46 being the most replayed section of the video
I mean this is the 1st time doing something like this  But they did pretty well the 1st time so I can't wait to see how they improve it
Ok I know technically sonic team also work on   phantasy star online 2 but look at footage you posted for sonic frontier make me thunk Phantasy star online 2  New genesis the way he move around reminds how arks members dash.
It feels like this game was a proof of concept for a larger game. It was fun, but I do hope the next open world game has Central Station, Angel Island, etc, as open world levels that can be explored. Areas with more personality than the rather generic looking islands in Frontier. And with the obstacles and courses actually built into the level design, instead of these copy pasted floating platforms/rails all over the place.
I played on switch lite and had a great time, only smaller complaints, but I'm pretty easy to please.
this is a damaged franchise, my trust in it is low and I think there are plenty of others who feel that way - especially after forces and that weak ign first video. Saga will pull all the wrong lessons from this game failing and throw away this system after one game. we'll get a new gimmick, we always do. maybe next time sonic will ride a dragon or something, who cares. they never really polish or properly iterate on their ideas. this property is run like a dying property, the next game throws away old ideas and is always biting off more than they can chew with new ideas in pursuit of keeping 'hip' and keeping an audience (though, I also suspect they think they are expert game designers who are too good to iterate/polish what came before. they always 'need' a new challenge; though realistically they need a slap in the face, to be told they are amateurs, and to polish their game style in the next game).
I don't know if its just me or my controller but I can't really get the hang of parrying in this game,  i try and just hold down the lb and rb but it just does the animation and then i get hit even if i held it.   Really hope they build on this foundation for the next game.
the combat is definitely a step-up from normal sonic games but imagine if we had some souls-like combat with lock-on, dodges, and light/heavy attacks, that sort of thing. i hope thats the next step
its hilarious how EVERYONE hates cyperspace
The weighted "magnet" effect probably has a lot to do with trying to address the slippery sonic controls problem a lot of sonic games have. Pretty much every game since, probably about after  Shadow The Hedgehog? and even the PS2 version of that had this problem badly and the gamecube a touch, struggles with allowing precise controls *and* high speed movement in a 3d environment.
I am so glad im not the only one who noticed the weird change in physics the Cyber space stages had.  To be honest at times it felt like this was Two games mashed together.  You had the Floaty, zoomy, drop dashy fun open setting... and then ya had, the Cyberspace stages. WELL the good news is that if you like fishing you can ignore the Cyber stages entirely.  just Buy the keys from Big.
This game still feels like a tech demo to me. If they do make another sonic adventure (not holding my breath) I hope to god they go back to how fast that game felt and not...this.
They pulled a fast one on us. They made sure we hated the old content, and put all their effort into the new. Probably so that next time they can make more open world games and it'll feel alright to the audience because we'll remember how bad cyberspace was. But the better option woulda been to make both great.
Honestly they slowed momentum is a kinda normal thing in most sonic games but I agree that for an open world it needs better momentum speed like utopia
I have been playing on Steam Deck. It is a fucking mess on there.
This game will be the best sonic game of the decade if sega fixes 1-2
0:22 to me it’s the opposite and sonic just flies around everywhere.
oh sweet lord that draw distance is somehow worse than Subnautica
I mean the game came out less than a week ago so they will probably fix most of these things soon
I Think the Open Zone is abolsultely amazing, playing on Ps4 so far I've had 0 problems. To me the platforming areas feel like theyre a part of the world rather than things sprinkled on top of them. I didnt notice any problems with momentum either. This part of the game is an easy 9/10 for me only thing I dislike is how leveling up Speed takes forever in the menu and that I think there's no point to raising ring count if you lose almost all of them from basically any hit, and there's no I-frames but that might be because I'm playing on hard I didn't check.  My problem is obviously is cyberspace, I cannot for the life of me understand why they wont go back to the style they used for unleashed or even generations. The level design in the cyber space levels are AMAZING but it's RUINED by the fact that they play even worse than forces which was stable but bland. Im not saying the controls are bad, drop dash you have to not hold a direction for which is wierd since you have to hold forward even while boosting because sonic has insane deceleration, and the air boost would be better if it worked how it does in open zone where you keep boosting even when you hit the ground. Overall this part of the game is frustrating as all hell but when you do get the jank asf controls down it's kinda finda i'll admit (just like imo Secret Rings.) This part of the game is a 5.5 for me. I'd give the whole game an 8 because you dont need EVERY cyberspace level to beat it. Better than Colors.
So what’s the song name that was playing in the background l?
I lowered my boost scale in the settings so that sonic doesnt immediately go max speed. Helps see him gain momentum and keeps you under control when you wanna use boost to fight enemies.
I love how big can make cyberworld totally optional (platinum the game and only did the 2 mandatory cyberworld)
👌
"Hot take: Cyberspace is the worst part of the game."     Hot take?
I actually really enjoyed the game, sure being  unable to replay boss on your main save blows, but other than that it was fun.  Except the final boss it ruined the game for me.
My favorite part is how they reused assets from 11 years ago for the cyberspace stages. I get reuse isn’t the worst thing ever but it’s show a lack of wanting to stop using what worked from generations
Best dialogue since Sonic 06 (bad game, but at least it had a serious story) but the cinematics for that dialogue was very boring and stiff.  Definitely a direction I look forward to with some tweaks though.
I really enjoyed sonic frontiers and I might be in the minority when I say I like the concept of the cyberspace stages. Bite sized sonic zones with throwbacks to other sonic games was awesome and I legit smiled playing some stages and seeing layouts from other games and immediately knew where it was from. Not gonna lie though, cyberspace and the open world felt like two different games and need to fix the physics because that’s what made the game less fun for me. Some of the cyberspace stages were really fun and other I couldn’t wait to get through because it handled like booty. That said, I do think that this is a good formula though, they just need to tweak it.
No word on the story?
I waited to beat the game before I watched this, 100% agree. But to add to the salt, What in the actual fuck are the graphics? Sonic unleashed had better graphics and that was 2008
the first strand type sonic game
"7 out of 10 is like a 10 out of 10 for Sonic Fans!"
Honestly, I think the best part about the relationships in this game was Eggman's relationship with his new daughter. Not gonna spoil anything yet, but seeing that compassionate and caring, dare I even say loving, side of Eggman was a very welcome change of pace, and really made me reconsider his character.
Sonic of the Colossus
No joke, this is my favorite new Sonic game and I see a lot of your critiques as truth. Doesn’t kill my love of the game but I think a lot of it just comes from the hype of the story. When it’s bad it’s, only really middling and when it’s good, my lord is it awesome. That being said, I thought this was the best Sonic has ever controlled BECAUSE of the weight and the magnetizing to the ground (outside of 2D cyberspace that is). It made me feel like he had more control and any mistakes made sending him into the abyss were on me being overzealous. Great points tho!
My only issue is it looks like an amateur fan made Sonic game made in Unreal.  (Just hit the point in the video where you literally say that.)
My biggest complaint about the series is how they always try some really big gimmick every game then throw it away the moment it doesn't perform 100% well. Dont expect open zones next time is all I'm saying...
Scott, love you man- but holy shit my respect dropped as soon as you said switch lmao. Every switch port will always be the worst port.
I don't think you can have a precise Sonic and a fast Sonic without considerably specific controls that deviate from what people normally use. Personally I like that Sonic feels more fast in combat with his attacks being quick and snappy and even the autocombo fits in with an instinctual hyperspeed that comes with that. I've always said that if you want the best of both worlds, focus Sonic's speed elsewhere and allow for depth in more than just the level design.
idk why people have issues with the cyber space levels. i have had a great time with them and think the game as a whole is fantastic despite some issues
Bro it's slow bc he played in action mode, not in the better speed mode
It's been a while huh
So fun technique with the Cyloop if you make an "8" you get infinite boost for quite a while! Definitely accidentally found this trying to make my own ball art lol.
I mean comparing an official game to a fan one should usually be anything but a praise... The Sonic franchise is weird
TLDR: Adding bullet-time would would help keep the feeling that Sonic is fast while allowing for intricate and interesting platforming. Also, Sonic combat sucks and needs to either go away or be majorly reworked. Read more to get more ammo to call me out.  I might be wrong here, so all the Sonic fans feel free to correct me. Wouldn't Sonic be more interesting if he had something like bullet-time that makes Sonic easier to control? Give Sonic his momentum based movement, and make it feel like he's going mach 10 constantly, but players can use bullet-time to slow things down and do more precise movement. Have it be a gauge that fills up when you collect rings or do cool stunts. Once you run out of bullet-time, if you're standing still you stop, if you're moving in a direction you go back to your pre-bullet-time speed.  I also think that combat should either be removed entirely or replaced with an actual in-depth combat system that rewards either quick or stylish gameplay. The homing attack should be closer to a combo opener rather than a damage dealer. Use it to close distance, then dismantle the enemy. Maybe take a page from DBFZ and have an auto-combo system for people who just want to run quickly, but have an in-depth combat system for people who really want to feel cool and stylish in combat (and play optimally).  These are just my observations from seeing people play Sonic games, since I've never gotten into the gameplay. But what I know about Sonic is that he is cool and fast so having combat akin to DMC or even the Batman Arkham games, as long as it's fast, would fit that persona better than wait for target to appear and press attack. Also, I'd group up the combat encounters into one or two arenas in the level, or make them their own level, so as to not distract from the fast-paced platforming.
I’m gonna be a the funny guy that says the cyberspace problems are a skill issue,k? Cool anyway good vid tho
Skill issue.
the way you feel about this game is how i feel about your review of it scott
Glad to know I was entirely right that this would be a mess, sonic fans gotta make the games themselves
I see no mention of the Japanese dlc but that makes sense because this isn’t a Japanese channel
It feels like a sonic fan game made in unity engine
Ah yes, A Sonic game is bad. In other news, water is still wet.
What's the song used in this review?
god they can not make a good sonic game to save their lives
it really just looks like sonic 06: the sequel
I hope sonic adventure 3 is an open zone story driven game with zero side scroll segments. That sonic game, ill actually buy.
man if they could iterate further on the "Open Zone" aspect of this game and give a Sonic game that had combat like a DMC or Bayonetta, while also having the 3D race stages, id be down for that, the soundtrack for Frontiers is 10/10 though
Pokemon Ranger
Honestly feels like we've skipped the sonic cycle to just, "the games pretty mid but good ideas could be built upon in future sequels to something impressive"
SPOILER:    I think the one thing that killed me plot-wise (I'm only on Rhea island though) is that Sonic has this whole build up to being corrupted, and then predictably 15 seconds later is "power-of-friendship"ed back to life just like that. I was really hoping for something more, even just a longer cutscene of him _doing_ some corrupt stuff, or being lost in-between realms. Especially after making us do six platforming towers with so much suspense beforehand. Otherwise I've loved the story so far.
Wait wait, max rings maxes out speed? Every time I get max rings he seems to run just as slow, nowhere near the janky hard to control speed from the clip :/ I'm on maybe speed lvl 19
As a "not a sonic game fan" I came here to see if the 3D open world sonic game was an unplayable glitch fest that I expected. Sounds like the answer is "less than 06 but still more than Bethesda" (which is better than I expected). Good to see Sega is at least trying to reduce glitches. Although I still won't play a game unless the mechanics are momentum based like Sonic Utopia or reaction based like a runner game. Or if the story uses the cannon of the Achie comics/SatAm which I assume is in legal purgatory where no one has the rights to touch it.
Sonic Frontiers is the most Sonic game ever
Sonic Team is the worst dev to handle Sonic physics
The game is beautiful graphic wise, but I don't play games for the graphics alone. With sonic they could use 'simple' graphic allowing the machine it's played on to function better and over all level design could be improved by more simple to load graphics. Then to improve the over all mechanics like gravity being consistent, air/wind, spawn zones, quality of life.
the laziness of the free roam stages does still urk me a bit... the side scrolling stages may be just mostly green hill zone, but at least thats recognisably sonic. the free roam stages are literally made up of stock asset packs in engine with random rails and platforms just placed in the sky wherever they felt like with no rhyme or reason why/how they're there
Oh look the complaining guy is back again and he likes the new sonic game
Played through and really enjoyed it. Though my few gripes are it felt kinda short, there's no real post-game, and you can refight any of the bosses without starting a new game
I’m so sick of 2d in modern sonic games
I actually really liked this game (soundtrack alone makes it worth the purchase). Was surprised to hear you say Sonic felt slow in this game, because he felt very fast to me. Apart from on certain cyberspace levels where he felt like a brick. This mainly happened on the sidescroller levels. 3D ones were zooming. 1-2 in particular was fast asf.  I give the game 8/10. Soundtrack and character development keep it up for me :)
If sonic team is setting up a new sonic adventure then they have to do more than just sonic and what I mean by that is 3 gameplay styles (sonic gameplay, mech/shooting gameplay and treasure hunting gameplay) as both the previous adventure styles had them
Yo i gotta know the outro songs name its LIT!
They did want an extra year of development time
one thing that bugged the hell out of me was that they mentioned the ark & eclipse cannon but the moon is still whole
They took some of the parts of forces everyone didn't want and put them in sonic 06
After finish the game you are fast
OK about the boost pads: Genesis Sonic games had TONS of springs and boost pads. Sonic's default running speed was not much faster than it is here in Frontiers. You could gain momentum by rolling down slopes, but they really only bothered showing this off in like 2 acts per game, and everything else was boost pads. Literal platforming was a lot of the real challenge, with speed sections being more like interactive setpieces that ended by flinging you up high in the air to land on another platform
I enjoyed the game very much. My only frustration came from the final boss. I loved the characters and im hopeful for a sequel. Maybe with more variety in the levels
The pc version has far less bugs, though as far as I know it also varies from hardware, which is odd, but I guess it happens. So... Yeah I loved the game. 9/10 from me, but I'm a sonic fan so it turns to 10/10 instantaniously
Sonic breaks more laws of physics in this game than any other and somehow none of them are because of his speed
Saying the cyberspace stages are the worst part of the game is probably one of the colder takes from what I've seen
After upgrading speed it does feel a little better in stages
Sonic advanced 2 was the only sonic game I ever really played, but I can say it was one of the games that made me fall in love with great movement in games. So I definitely think that the heavy weight to the movement would be a bit of turn off for me at the very least.
After seeing the Digital Foundry video about Sonic Frontiers, I thought the Switch version is a wreck, but in motion without comparison it looks fine. As you said you played the Switch the version I jumped back in the video to look harder at the details I could not belief you. 😅 I care so less about graphic that I miss it in your video. 😁
Combat is Pokémon Ranger
sonic is going to need a nursing home soon, that’s why he can’t run fast on his own
Woah you were right guys. This is cringe AF
To collect collectables to collect more collectables to collect the collectable chaos emeralds to fight the boss of the zone to collect *bodies*
I do like the idea of Sonic just being fast, like he was in the older games.  That being said, I also like the idea of him being able to effortlessly stop on a dime, since he demonstrated the ability to do so in the cartoons, and even in animated cutscenes from past games.  If there was some kind of stop-animation showing that he's doing something to negate all of that momentum, I think it would be much easier to swallow.
everything you said was weird about game mechanics can be fixed in settings
Trippin cyberspace maps are fun
People may disagree but I genuinely think some of the cutscenes look like fan animations--the intro with Tails and Amy just looks off to me. Eggman's walk cycle also looks more goofy than usual sometimes
I think keeping Ian flynn on as a story writer would be great because he gave us the idw comic versions of the characters which are straight up badass and do show character growth. I encourage people to read the comics if they liked how the characters were done in Frontiers.
1:40 sonic just casually walking up a wall is hilarious to me. I feel like there is a secret formula to why sonic is a success but the more they try and go “maybe if we try something different, THAT will work unlike the other times” they just end up getting farther away from the formula
if anything, its a sign the 3d part of the franchise might be good for once
i disagree because the soap shose 10000000000000000000000/10 cus the drip
Ngl I want my refund 😭
I definitely feel that this is the weakest the boost has ever felt without the nameless super boost when you max out your rings. There is no real speed to it even now that im at about level 20 for speed. The fact that boost doesn’t damage enemies is a glaring omission. It’s never felt so useless as it does here
Ninja
i honestly dont know what i want from sonic anymore.  its a coin flip on what they do with my boy anymore. i like they keep it pushing but its painful sometimes
I think this is another 06 scenario, where I had zero bug however everyone else had plenty of bugs that made their experience more sour than mine
"hot take" he says before saying the most popular opinion, every Frontiers fan agrees Cyberspace is the weakest part of the game.  Also the boss music is peak for the franchise.
I feel like old sonic games were about "learn the thing and then do it faster" where nowadays its all spectacle speed (boost pads, springs, grind rails and whatnot) so you're getting from point a to point be quick and easy with things like places to homing attack or dropdash or something like that to keep you on your toes
I Think They Purposely Showed Us That Awful First Showing So People Would Dismiss The Game And Not Rush Them To Put Out Hot Garbage But I Could Be Very Very VERY Wrong Lmao
They really just need to invest time into Sonic Adv 3. With Chao Garden, Karate, and racing!
Dude hasn’t heard of update
at this point sonic fans don’t even know what they want
If your having trouble with speed, perhaps try High-Speed mode if your not on it, you go much faster, especially with the power boost.
“I don’t like the physics” —> go into settings and change them
Now i think Sonic Frontiers is SEGA's equivalement of  Legends: Arceus.
Fishing has 2 really cool things about it. 1. Egg memos 2. The music  And a secret third thing 3. It breaks the game
I couldn't put my finger on what was weird about that Sonic game, but you did. Also I just wish that Sonic had the SA2 bounce, because that would have been a blast in the open world.
I disagree with your last comment. That first trailer was to show the game at a shallow point, to temper expectations for this 7/10 game. The final trailer was to build hype right before launch for launch sale hype. If they only showed the final trailer then people would just be hyped and not ready for the leftover jank stuff that was showed off in the first trailer.
It looks like a fan game too it just looks like the ripped assets and just placed them in an open area
I feel like things like boost pads and the boost button should stay in the game, but they lock you at a certain speed, and if you stop boosting you're able to gain more momentum. Using arbitrary numbers, boosted Sonic's speed = 50 and will always be 50 Unboosted sonic's speed = 1.25x² where x is time, with a capped speed of 100. I don't know man I'm pulling numbers out of my ass. it's 6 am. What if they made different flavors of butter? I want butter.
Cyberspace was literally the most disappointment I’ve ever experienced. They basically took Sonic and made him Mario speed.
i thought i was the only one who thought that about the cyberspace levels! I'm so glad someone besides me actually preferred the open world!
a bad sonic game?? no way brooooo....
So for sonic fans: Kinda good For anyone else: Shit
Just finished this game myself and I gotta say I loved it! The jank is definitely there, but surprisingly well managed considering past sonic games. It seems like everyone including me agrees that running around in the overworld is fantastic, while the cyberspace levels feel weird. Way too clunky, and while I appreciate going out of their way to make sonic from the ground up, they really forgot why or how the boost formula worked. That being said, they really went out of their way to improve sonic. I’m pleasantly surprised the game came out this well, and if they continue their hard work, then the next sonic game could really be something special. I hope sonic team will be really receptive to the fan reaction and use it to their advantage. That being said, I’m so glad I got this game and got to experience sonic like this!
Oh look, the Boost gameplay people have been asking them to stop, floating question marks for random tips instead of functioning in-world tutorials, and hideous floating rails that don't blend into the environment at all because the Sonic design team doesn't know how to actually make a realistic or interesting game world.  It's ugly, boring, and lazy.
Now I'm curious to know if you're saying Sonic is slow even with max speed settings (High Speed Style and Max Speed settings) or if you chose the Action style and never touched the Speed settings.
Sonic plays Phantasy Star Online 2
You can literally turn up the speed in the settings menu. Additionally you can upgrade speed to go faster.
I feel like for the cyberspace parts they should have just went 8 bit, it could have just reused mania's controls so it wouldnt be that hard and would probably be better
Aaaaaaaaaa another MOVE front to win????
Me sitting Here still waiting for Monster Hunter rise sunbreak with a side of salt
Wow I never knew sonic would get a legends arceus
One thing I will say: I got massive Toei Sonic vibes from the controls. Between boosts sticking you to sheer cliffs, the fact that you can stop dead whenever you want, and the ability to chain moves into each other as you fling yourself across the world, the only thing missing is Sonic Boom.   The music, not the game.
No thanks I'll stick to my pokemon ranger
I don't disagree with what you're saying. In fact I had a lot of the same issues you described while playing. But the game is nice, and it's not necessarily a bad thing that sega went and did something different.  It's not wrong to call this sonic breath of the wild
This Sonic feels has way more platforming the new sonic just gets some getting use to
I guarentee that as soon as the mildly positive reception of the game came in sega busted out the champagne and partied all night at the office.
LMAO a 6-7/10 is alot better than what we had for a while.
I was hoping for one giant map to blast around and different zones connected to each other, but this game still is pretty fine
2:46 sonic has been learning some new tricks after sonic forces
Sonic voice isn’t deeper cause of tone it’s deeper cause roger Craig’s older and his voice’s changed if anything it’s probably why they were gonna replace him as sonics VA
Due to the floor no longer being smooth, they have to greatly increase sonics gravity speed to allow his speed to seem normal while allowing him to stay on the floor without detaching every second
Wait, you comment about the boost being too fast, but then bring up the options menu not in relation to adjusting the boost but in relation to 3 seconds of monologuing?
Ok, correct me if I'm wrong, but the janky movement in this game reminds me of Sonic 06.
I think of Sonic frontiers as an incredible tech demo and a somewhat mediocre game, but with a bright future ahead
I modded my game to add physics and it made the game 1000% times better. It feels like I’m sonic from the “sonic boom” song in sonic CD, To go rolling down hills and soaring through the air *chefs kiss*
Looks like a Dynasty Warriors 9 situation, they tried something way bigger than they were capable of and ended up with a mess.  The experience and new tech will be worth way more in the future, we just have to wait.
My real first sonic game was Sonic Rush on the Nintendo DS. I might be remembering it wrong, but it felt like the momentum and kinda chaotic but linear if you're good level paths were present there. Like what I hear about the original games. And I REALLY prefer that. I liked Colors alright, but the level of on rails it is now is....frustrating. I wanna be able to fail a stage and get good.
Idk what he did but his game looks so bad is he on the lowest graphics?
Now to wait for modders to fix the game physics and add more content on pc
Does anyone know the song in the background?
its a step in the right direction and worth the play through. they could do better
Looking at the landscape of the open world got me thinking. Was this made in Unity?
But, I don't know what it is, but the camera controls seem off. I try to move it up, but it's sometimes fixated on the floor. I want to see in front of Sonic, not where the floor is. It also sometimes zoom out when in the map. Maybe it's the cursed DRIFTING the Switch has.
At least the fishing minigame in this game is TOLERABLE. *stares at SA1*.
I really liked Sonic Frontiers, but this was a great Review. Keep up the good work ❤
My point against sonic frontiers is this was already done in a previously sponsored fangame: Speed Simulator. If all the other parts of the game outside of the open zone are bad, then why would i spend a hefty amount on something thats already free?
i feel like for every awful cyberspace level there was a really fun one that was exciting to complete the challenges for. i also enjoyed recognizing the handful of SA2 levels they used. not sure how many cyberspace levels were directly taken from past games, but i think that's why the stages were all over the place in quality instead of being consistent.
Nah man this just Disney infinity
The gameplay is… alright, the fucking lore/character interactions/dialogue is just aaaaaaaaaa
Also played this on Switch. In fact, went through they whole thing in docked mode, and the only major slow down I noticed was during the third Titan boss. On another note: THE FISHING MINIGAME CAN BREAK THIS GAME IN HALF POSSIBLY EVEN WHEN YOU GO TO THE FIRST ONE. How so? Get one Starfall night, grab like 20 of the not-star bits, and let the slot machine give you a couple hundred purple coins. Then go fish for like 10-15 minutes and you can BUY enough Kocos to get 99 in speed, buy seeds to cap your attack and defense, and maybe even buy enough vault keys for the Emeralds, beat the boss, go to the next island, find the fishing portal, repeat. If anything, I'm getting all stage missions out of desire for completion. Did I mention I am playing on hard mode full stop? Overall, I'd give this game at least an 8/10. Got a few flaws, but I still had fun.
gotta love the big companies acting like they made 2 games that sold maybe 10k copies even tho they have so much under their disposal and still decide YES OBLIVION FLOOR HMMMMMM
Having bad physics in a platformer is like having bad gunfeel in a FPS It's the 101 of your game and it truly feels like the had bad managers and execs all the way through development. Slapping random design ideas without cohesion and without asking themselves what the hell they were doing. Classic Sega now...
I think cyberspace had some good stages and some REALLY neat references in actual sections from stages that we normally don't get references to.
Sonic utopia is how every sonic game should be made. Anything other perfect momentum biased gameplay will feel like a failure and will always be a failure.
for me the game was nice, the cyber space levels are definitely,,, odd in how they feel, also for the slowness in the open world trust me when i say that leveling up your speed will make it a lot more entertaining compared to level 1 level 99 honestly feels like your naturally going faster than lvl 1 boost a lot of my personal gripes have a similar aspect where they come from the cyberspace segments, the game wouldve been a lot better if they just kept the physics consistent, the story slaps though and they definitely need to keep ian flynn as the main story writer
i finished it 100% today and i must say, i dont regret buying it. i completly agree with the cyberspace stages being the worst part of the game but otherwise i had a absolute blast with it. yes it has its jank, but compared to other games i can look past that. what bugs me is that theres almost nothing to do after finishing it...   what gives me hope tho is that this was a experimetal title, with open world in a sonic game? awesome. it layed the ground for future games and maybe sega finally realises that game are better when they are not forced out into the world a year to early...  for what it is? great game
When it comes to pop in, I'm playing on PC with a setup that can easily 1080p 60 most anything I throw at it with max settings, let alone this game. There's still a surprising amount of pop in there too honestly. Stuff that I should see from further away like platforms and rails, I just...don't. Fun game though
Id be all down for a Sonic Adventure 3! But these modern games are just so hit and miss. I still think this game looks like a demo-build of a fans first game making project.
I absolutely loved the game, especially the callbacks to the previous titles. They brought on Ian Flynn who used to write for the Sonic Comics, someone who people said should be working on the story of the games for such a long time (and instead we had the creator of happy tree friends writing who knew little to nothing about the series). The callbacks to previous games felt less like a "Hey did you play X? You wont get this is you didnt play it!" and more of a love letter to the fans to tie up loose ends. Hell, it was shown that Sonic only JUST found out that tails kind of lost his mind when he thought Sonic was dead at the start of Forces.   To me, it feels like this is a way for Sega to wrap up the series and all the past games, and now start a brand new story that doesn't require you to have knowledge of previous games, or wont feel as limited. The characters all confronted who they are and want to grow, which is something we haven't really seen from them before. Whatever they produce next, I cannot wait to see what changes come. Unless of course nothing changes and the characters are all exactly the same.
sonic is getting older!?1!1?1!1??!
I just want an open Sonic game to feel like that one rocket boot world in Ratchet and Clank Rift Apart. Ratchet felt incredibly fast, yet the puzzles were momentum based, so it felt responsive as well. I just thought it was funny, yet sad that Ratchet did Sonic better than Sonic does Sonic😂
Fun fact: If you have max rings to give you boost. Upgrade your ring capacity while you have your extra speed. Then you have infinite ring boost
Honestly this was a main concern I had when looking at the trailers. It makes me a little upset that they have taken out one of sonics core components.  Honestly I bet that when someone mods physics into this game it'll be at least a 7/10 game on just fun factor alone.
Anybody else feel like the art can't decide what it wants to be? The overworld looks generic, while Sonic looks like... Sonic. Realistic vs stylized. It's weird.
"setting up for a new Sonic Adventure"  - 7th grade me: FUCK YEAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHH
to be fair, most fan games feel better than official... maybe they can hire the Utopia team for that maybe Adventures 3
Okay to be honest the physics of slopes are just weird, but I don't mind Sonic playing a bit slower. I have pretty bad game sense so a lot of the more fast-paced games just leave me confused.
Honestly, when it comes to Sonic games, I either watch a YouTuber play it or watch one of the videos people make of all the cutscenes stuck together into what's almost a movie. I don't really enjoy the gameplay personally, I'm really not a platforming person or someone who can handle the speed that characterizes Sonic games, so just watching it as I play a slower game like a turn-based RPG is great since my favorite part is the story.
Yeah I wish sonic frontiers was different for sure  I thing I just hate with any game is puzzles…. And there are a lot of puzzles
Did the sonic team just got away with an egg man death Star? 1:22
They have Classic Sonic for 2d and modern for 3d. There's no need to keep forcing 2D gameplay on modern. That's not to say it doesn't work, it's just… a bit overdone. Especially when Classic Sonic was specifically brought back to scratch that itch. As for the gameplay, as much as I like the boost mechanic, I'd like modern sonic to shift a bit towards “flow” instead.  The earlier levels in Generations did this well. The Adventure titles were masterful at it. What I mean by “flow” is that as long as you play well and time your platforming correctly, Sonic and company are _always_ on the move. Think City Escape, Metal Harbor or Grand Metropolis where the level progression and style don't stop unless you do. It's a simple yet fulfilling thing.  Anyway, looking forward to giving Frontiers a shake. I'll go for the PC version, though. The Switch version… you can tell they had to make a lot of visual concessions on that one. Ouch.
I really dislike faceless enemies that feel the same.. *sigh*
I’m about 80% of the way through the 3rd zone, juggling this with God Of War. The only major annoyances are the pop-in. Playing on switch, it’s kind of what I expected but other than that it’s a blast to play through, and the references just make me so happy having played the absolute shit out of SA1 and SA2. 8/10
Honestly glad they let on Ian Flynn for the writing of this game ;)
this is the first video that actually made me confident in Frontier. Legit wanna get the game now but I will save my money and wait for the price to drop on steam or g2a. Also gives time for some post launch bug fixes
I pretty much agree exactly. My main gripes are really that the platforming challenges weren't thematic or integrated with the environment, which is a shame because just traversing the actual natural landscape is really fun. Would have been so much cooler if instead of rails and springs and boost pads we could just have Sonic and his moveset traversing the environment. All those floating rails could have easily been physical ruins, buildings, or landscapes that Sonic can interact with like in Utopia. There's a few places where you *can* do that, but they don't have much to do on them, and while you can creatively traverse the natural landscapes, it's not as engaging as the platforming challenges. My other gripe was the stopping on a dime thing. I got used to it, but Sonic's movement could have easily gone from an 8 or 9 to a 10 if he just...decelerated. They could have at least given us a slider like they did for literally everything else. But yea, very fun and solid game. I hope they take this formula and run with it and improve it going forward.
Well it makes sense why you had so many bugs. You were playing it on the damn Switch. The PS version had next to no bugs and Im positive the Xbox version is the same
I really wish some sort of momentum based movement were in the game, at least in the Cyberspace stages. I cannot tell you how bad it feels to miss an S rank because all of my speed was cut right at the finish line and miss the S rank by .10 seconds lol
Sonic tends to have better success when fans take the time to make good titles rather than the official devs.
I think aside from a bit of polish it’s fucking great
Still don’t understand WHY Big got his own fishing dimension, but I’m all for it to be honest.
(Whines) loves game To be honest this is more honest opinions than just being a sign telling you to go left.
His points seem valid and all, but was he only playing on adventure mode?
I'm just happy because after all these years...finally we have Eggman character development         Not the amazing old va but still.
The first of something is USUALLY never the best. The sequel will hopefully patch thing's up.
The Cyberspace level on the first island are definitely bite sized. The best way I can describe it is as The Beginner Island (except 1-2, that thing is tight to get the S rank).  When you progress to the other islands, the Cyberspace levels start to get longer, with some being full stages, both original and from the past Sonic Games like Sonic Adventure 2. You won't recognize them at first since they're using a different tile set, but if you've ever played those games at any length, your muscle memory will kick in and you'll start to get a feeling of deja vu until you recognize the layout.
I say the problem with the Cyberspace levels is that in the open zone you can upgrade Sonic to get faster and have a lot more freedom of movement.   The Cyberspace levels don't carry over your upgrades. So Sonic is literally slower in the level, but some of them are still pretty fun. I fucked cackled when I realized I was playing green forest.   It's a bit of a chore to unlock fast travel, but with Sonic upgraded getting anywhere is a snap. The auto combo was also pretty useful during the super Sonic boss fights.   But they can be a struggle with little control over height while flying and being forced to parry something that takes up the whole screen with while zoomed out. So often having to literally fucking guess if you times the parry right or not.   This game is all about timing and doing them at the right time. So if you can't adapt to that it's gonna be rough.
For some reason, it just sounds like you don't like open world games, which is fair xDDDD kinda like how people complaining they see further behind themselves, in an fps XDDD
The fact that the biggest complaint is that the physics and combat don't feel as good as they can be is disappointing, but we've gotten a massive leap forward for story telling, and so long at least that remains consistent, gameplay will follow, so I'm hopeful for the future of the blue blur, something I haven't been for a while.
Frontiers is a huge step forward design wise, but it needed more polish. It's super fun in spite of it's issues and it's easy to get used to. If you want to check out fangames, look at Sonic Advance Project or Sonic Project Heroes. I hope Sega takes some notes for those games
You know one of the modes makes sonic slower. Cant remember which one though
What?? A Sonic game that got released before it was fully polished??
sonic devs trying to make a camera: Dev 1: Lets make every small movement and button press change the angle of the camera. Dev 2: consistently?  Dev 1: *coding in RNG already* what?
A 6/10 modern sonic game is honestly GoTY to a sonic fan. This goes to show that sonic fans truly are the most oppressed when it comes to having good games.
On the Asura miniboss topic "not working" I respond with: Skill issue. I had zero problems fighting it and even discovered a possible speedrun strat (Despite in a speedrun you would avoid fighting these things as much as possible I'd assume) by air boosting when it knocks you back down to the ground after one rep of damage. You can cancel the fall and immediately start working on the next phase, rinse and repeat till all 3 arms are destroyed and you get your portal gear.
In french all the characters (sonic and eggman too) are always wrong when talking, like "please help me" say all calm but the animation is like scared and streesed
Yo I like how they experiment and saw what people like especially me
excuse me speed sir we have upgrade system use it
Personally I haven’t beaten it yet but I was enjoying the game..: until lv3 then the open world feels inherently bad for how often you’re 2D locked, I’m staring at 2 kocos for like 5 minutes that I can’t get to because they’re directly in front of me on the screen, and I had to run entirely off a platform and circle around just to get to them.
Tbh the weighted gameplay bugged me at first but I kinda got used to it as I went  along, and I feel like the boosting is really good. But I do agree that I feel like sega should stop capping the speed, it's so odd
I would rate the game 8/10
no chow garden again. 0/10.
The only good sonic game by Sonic Team in the past few years
I’m a Sonic fan, but I only like the old games that were out before I was born
i only think that the cyberspace levels need to be closer to generations length but slightly shorter, i like that they arent a huge time investment but in most of them i see 1-2 enemies per stage. Also the cutscenes seem to be animated weirdly, the in engine stuff seems fine but the cutscene before the first major boss sonic literally tposes while falling and that scene in general feels really bad
That was the same in sonic unleashed
I felt a lot of the zone stages slowed down the pace for this reason to help isolate the individual controls and get you to focus on it. There's a lot of options for movement and the tutorials during the load screen helped emphasize that. Getting S rank on some of the stages was as easy as getting the one mechanic for it down, and for others you really have to push the controls.  It's definitely janky at times for the overworld, but it's a lot of fun.
I Really enjoyed Frontiers...but also, something seemed really...off. Like...it was missing a lot of stuff...
I actually love this game a lot. Forces soured me a lot and I couldnt even make it past the 3rd stage in that game without feeling awful. But frontiers? I've had more fun in sonic frontiers, first 5 hours just running around, replaying levels, exploring and doing everything I could compared to most other games where I could play for 50 hours and feel okay. Hell I even went back to replay the cyberspace levels for fun cause I loved figuring out ways to make it go faster, i never really felt slow, except on 2d stages but I think that's cause they expect you to not boost and play like you're classic sonic
The best thing is Eggman being a dad.
Alot of sonic games like to stop you sometimes  Even in the beginning of the series Marble zone labyrinth zone midnight casino zone carnival night zone chemical plant zone aquatic ruin zone  mushroom hill zone the entirety of sonic cd the early sonic games have alot of times where the game will stop or slow you down in some way shape or form in a game series thats about going fast
It looks like every other sonic game. Which... eh. Not for me.
Tbh, it doesn't look finished. But fun to play. I def thinks it needs more time to bake in the oven
Nice to see the internet agree that Sonic Frontiers is somewhat decent of a video game.
im still waiting for sonic chronicles 2
Never heard of Sonic utopia, gotta check that out now!
Sonic Frontiers is just the world map of PSO2, without PSO2 elements. Dress up as Sonic in PSO2, go into a Photo Room, turn off the GUI and voila, it's Sonic Frontiers
So I just finished the game, and no story spoilers here. But there was one thing about the cyberspace stages that I loved as a sonic fan, but kinda thought was a little lazy besides. Many of the cyberspace stages are basically ripped from the previous games. One of the stages I remember right now was literally metal harbor from SA2 but shorter and green hill instead. I noticed the same thing with with Green Forest and Sky Rail also from SA2. Where the stages show up in spirit but are either Green Hill or Chemical Plant themed. I have 2 conflicting thoughts about these. 1) Heck yeah they're returning to their 3D roots to actually produce good content, and 2) Really? they had to go back and steal from their old stuff because they couldn't come up with more original stages?" with that being said. Fun game, definitely the best 3d sonic we've gotten since generations. And it's got a pretty good story that I hope they and can't wait for them to elaborate on. I'd love a dlc or several just to find out more.
I disagree about the physics part. That'll make speedrunning exceedingly fun.
I'm telling you that Cyberspace is the  greatest case as to why Green Hill is an addiction that needs to be helped.
Worsened style. But better than some games from Sonic. sa2b does better but does not do best or finally complete. sa2b is unfinished. Compared to Animal Crossing on n64 or gamecube, is very perfect but a few objects in this game. The weeds have an image that is flat and unamusing. Too many YouTubers that get gaming wrong and create bad reports.
1:33 oh god, it's Sonic 4 all over again lmao
Dear god I’m sensing a Sonic06 all over again
Haven't played this game yet, just going from what Scott has to say about it. And I have to say I can see that this is a step in the right direction in terms of reviving a sonic adventure-like title. Maybe this game did need more time before it was released, but a step in the right direction nonetheless
As far as I'm aware Pop ins are an issue shared by both versions
Apparently the pop in is an issue on stronger platforms as well.
Our standard for a Sonic game is so low that a technically competent game is seem as a good game, now.
releasing a game with lots of glitches Cyberpunk made this ok?
They needed to take a page from Mario Odyssey. Make better rewards by adding special currency that spent unlocks cosmetics
I enjoyed the game alot 10/10 for me
I get a lot of what you are saying, but man. For me, if your open world game has good movement, then you have a good open world game. Make it fun to run, and Ittl be fun to explore, and damn it, it is fun to run around in this game. Also, I thought cyberspace was fun. Some of them made me want to die, especially the later ones, and double especially the 2D ones. I liked it alot tho. 3D collect-a-thons are my favorite genre, and I’m a bitch for a good open world, so this game was like… made for my ape brain. I love this game lol
If pay closer attention to how most cyber space levels are design (despite the same 3 visuals) you'll start to notice most of them are from previous games. That honestly made me so happy and nostalgic. But yeah the physics in cyber space are wonky
So I have not played this game. I watched a few brief seconds of a livestream. But in those few seconds, the streamer was Actively Adjusting Running Speed in the settings, with details such as starting speed, acceleration speed, etc. Which makes me wonder why this video complains about Sonic's speed when it's something the player has direct control over...
A 7/10 on a Sonic game is a 9/10 for that series
In this game’s defence, no sonic game has ever actually been about going fast.
As someone who has just beaten the entire game 100% some hours ago i gotta say, this is at least the most levelheaded review of this game i have seen so far.  Just to be clear, i full-on, absolutely, inappoligetically love this game for both its upsides and flaws because i am used to jank in sonic games  and, even if not actually a good thing, end up having fun WITH it not despite of it, so the roaming was a nonstop blast for me.  While i will agree that Cyberspace ended up a bit weird at first because of the speed limitations, i definitely grew to love it,  since, for the first time since what is probably since sonic adventure 2 or maybe heroes (yes i will defend the physics in there, broken as they where) i felt actually in control of literally everything i did with sonic and able to read the level.  Every mistake i made while trying to grind out record times there, which ended up being one of my favorite parts, felt like they where on me and not on some cheap map design or being thrown at me faster than a human can react.  Long story short, the Roaming was awesome, so was Cyberspace, even with both having obvious physics flaws,  which mostly boils down to them having tried to have a sonic that plays like you are used to between the start of the game and the cyberspace stages, aka slowpaced and controlled,  while occasionally disagreeing with collision because sonic be built for 360 degree movement between hills and mountains (and slower speed aside, but damn did i miss this control),  which, i'd just want to point out, if he would be faster there, would make people hate on the open world play and mess up muscle memory, and if he carried over upgrades, break level design and ranking times.  The Story and Music i will be sure noone will disagree on is just amazing (except for one part that i wont name because spoilers, anyone will know what i mean when they get there), nothing needed to be added there.  P.S. the dropdash not correctly working in cyberspace is an unfortunate side-effect of it being tied to the speed stat level, it seems like (to give better control for beginners) there is a low stat threshhold on speed that slows you back down when not in a boost state, even if downhill, which works for not yeeting off cliffs on curvy old kronos, but less for cyberspace It IS the most undercooked and broken move in the game tho, if you feel glitchhappy, try it on a certain unclimbable landmass on island 3 while lvl 99 speed and without touching the stick or jump, you wont regret it. Someone could probably even trigger an unreachable enemy there, i think.
To much like breath of the wild. Agreed everybody.
yeah the crtics only gave live 73 % but I think this more to grab in the recent fans from the movies and comics
I personally like the fact that you stop instantly and lose momentum when you jump, gives me more control. And honestly with how fast you go in this game i gotta say, for a sonic game i think this is the least amount of bugs in a sonic game. Not many games can achieve what this game does with physics, if any. And these boss fights, technical marvels let’s be honest
I hate pretty much every sonic games except sonic riders, some of the speed stages in SA2, and Sonic Heroes sans Team Chaotix, and Ive enjoyed my time with frontiers.
I do genuinely hope Sonic Team continues to iterate and refine this style of gameplay. I would prefer if the physics were more, ya know, existent
Spin dash is sorely missed.
I'm guessing he chose action mode.
The game has a *lot* of parts that are rough around the edges. It's not perfect by a long shot but it's also not bad. In fact it's actually good for once. More importantly though it feels more like there was genuine effort put in to make a good sonic game. Despite it's issues there's a tangible "love" put behind it that you can see just whenever Sonic does something cool. It makes me hopeful for the future more than anything.
It amazes me how much this looks like a PSO2 New Genesis event. I bet it's the same engine too. Some of those big bosses remind me of the weather bosses that are max level. If only they cared about Phantasy Star as much as they cared about Sonic. Beating a dead horse at this point...
Reminder: The director for this game's story is Ian Flynn, the guy who are also responsible for the Archie Comics. Hence why the character writing feels a lot better than the more recent Pontaff games.
It's also worthy mentioning you can absolutely break the game if you cyloop on the ground over and over. It doesn't just give you coins. It has a slight chance of dropping defense and attack seeds as well as hearts.
The fact he didn't rage or have a meltdown is already a good sign
The last Sonic game I enjoyed was Mania and, before that, it was Sonic & Knuckles.  I think, fundamentally, a 3D Sonic game just doesn't work.  It COULD work, maybe, but the efforts/budget that Sega puts into it won't allow it.  It doesn't help that they're bogged down by so many characters.
There's definitely jank, but with it being Sega, I'm kind of amazed it hasn't melted my Switch yet
I agree with your points about cyberspace
the game looks as dope as it is jank
Did he just said Among Us in a Sonic game?! That's SUS 😳
That really adds a feeling of wonder and history to the game. Thats exciting.
Were you playing on Action mode or High speed mode cuz playing on action make sonic slower unless it level upgradeing
Drinking game for this video: everytime he says "collect" 😆
Lets go it's okay not what the hell or Sonic Forces or Sonic Lost World
honestly dont know if the gravity stuff in cyberspace was intentional or not because its like cyberspace, where its in a cyber world, so sticking to stuff like walls and slopes doesn't really feel that unnatural to me?? idk, this is the first sonic game ive ever played but ive been in the fandom since like may 2022 anyways id give this a honest 7.5/10 pretty fun for a 2022 sonic game (.5 is because the soundtrack is AMAZING)  ALSO TANGLE WAS MENTIONED? SHES NOW CANON RAAAAAH
Terraria?
The voice they chose for Sonic in Sonic Frontiers gives me heavy "Crushing 30's" vibes. Which was a really nice song by the Chalkeaters ft. Johnny Gioeli.
Frontiers should've been a Knuckles game. They already teased him back to "serious mode" in that amazing prologue animated short. If SEGA really wanted to make an open world game inspired by Breath of the Wild, Knuckles would've been perfect. He can climb, he can glide, he can fight. Just slap a stamina system like in Breath of the Wild and you're set.
Cyberspace was kind of a b**** to me when I was trying to reach S rank. 😒
i will say max speed upgrade + 400 rings + max speed setting maxed = extreme funny time
Can't Sega just break up sonic team? For the love of god, any other developer would be more competent. It's so frustrating seeing a franchise that's so beloved constantly miss and really only keeping it's relevance through fans. Why are some of the best recent games all fan made? Even sonic mania was originally a fan game. Sega needs to take Sonic Team behind the shed for Sonic's Sake (ironically enough).  How can one developer, who only makes games in one series, whiff so much and not have that series taken off them?
I do love Sonic games but Frontiers somehow managed to be the most painful experience exclusively because of the last section. The initial boss fights were hype and even though some of the sidebosses were annoying or glitchy, I still had my fun with them. The main issue I just kept having was genuinely horrible game design at times. Like, Why would you upgrade your max ring capacity if your rings need to be maxed to get your speed to max? Or why are you required to fight the final boss on hardmode? (Yes it actually gets skipped otherwise. Only the fight. Not the rest.)  But gosh, yeah, the physics also was the worst in any sonic game. Jumping felt horrible, boosting sometimes yeets you into the air because you stub your toe on a rock, you can glitch up several slopes sonic slides off with the drop dash, screw the entire second zone, and .. how did they screw up Pinball THIS hard.  I still like the game, but I don't want a repeat of it unless they fix several of the issues.
As someone who played both switch and pc, boss clipping, weird physics, and momentum are really different and usually not even possible. The walking you the walls thing isn't possible from what I've experienced. Also, they stated in the magazine that this is literally the most amount of time sega would have allowed them, and they had to fight sega to stop them from releasing it like 1-2 years ago.
I'd also recommend Sonic GT for a good fangame with good physics. Its also completed with 4 zones and a few boss fights which you don't see with fangames alot
Why can't they just go back to Adventure style for controlling Sonic and improve upon it, it baffles me as its like the thing most people want for a Sonic 3D game
….that was fast…
Reminds me A LOT Nier Automata. But more Spikes and less cake.
Same opinion with Cyberspace levels. Man, I don't like it; also I'm not a fan of just have four themes over an over again.
a reason i give this game a sort of leeway is because i see it as an early step for sonics redemption
This is how you know a person has played the game for 5 minutes
1:07😂
Tbh I thought removing the boost pads and bounce pads was the goal for Sonic games make it look like all those jumps were Sonic not a bounce pad
I played it on Switch and beat it after 15 hours and honestly the biggest problem I have is the number of memory tokens Knuckles requires
I think Generations was the last 3D Sonic that I really liked, the 2D levels felt FAST and aside from balling up slowing you down, it felt like playing actual old Sonic games again. Then for whatever reason it was broken in Forces. Running felt slower, you couldn't build momentum, the balling up slowed you even more. But this one does look pretty good, planning on getting it for PS & see how it is.
Me looking at the comments to see Sonic fans be Sonic Fans:
Sonic Utopia NEEDS to be what Sega look at and go 'You know, what? That's amazing. Lets emulate that.' Utopia is a perfect example of how exploration and tight controls that reward you with fun for playing well can be its own reward. Because God damn does that game reward you with speed and momentum for learning its mechanics. It's honestly kind of surprising Sega hasn't already taken inspiration from that sort of thing considering how many amazing fan games utilise that mechanic.
The end boss is sad..
In summary to most reviews: Sonic Frontiers is a good enough sonic game to deserve critic of a normal game, and by normal game standards its a solid 6-7/10. That's.... that's very good for a sonic game lol. I love the series, but if this thing is being reviewed as "a solid 6 or 7 out of 10" by most people, and they don't have to say "for a sonic game...". Well that's pretty amazing progress for sonic team. I look forward to it.
I feel like if sonic team has been made to loose focus on what makes a sonic game acceptable
Sonic Frontiers to me is the game equivalent to the first sonic movie. It’s pretty ok, you might have a fun time with it, but there’s definitely a huge slew of things that can be improved upon.
What song is in the background
I love the characters in this story though. Even Eggman was well written.
Hopefully patches will fix it later on
Man just give me Sonic Generations 2
Honestly, The Cyber Space levels are a waste.  And I would complain about the rails and boosts and everything just kinda being there.  But they actually do explain that, to Ian's credit.  I was just saying on discord.  I am having a ton of fun, but I'm not sure this is what I want from Sonic games moving forward.  Learn from this game what you can, but the scope is too loose for a Sonic game.  That said, Tangle would thrive in this genre.
open world locked by a linear story. . so your still in a linear world. technically.
Looks like a 4/10
Steam version has been going great so far. 8 hours in S ranked all zones and not many issues at all
Brooooooo, what is that Sonic voice !?!?!?!?!?!? Absolutely not. Sorry not sorry.
Why do sonic games always have to be so jank.  The physics are laughable and the open world looks and feels like a high school Unity project where they just used the worldbrush then slapped in store assets that rip off Breath of the Wild.
"sonic voice is kinda deeper"  Oh so he just mirage from apex legend now
this game looks so ugly.. like someone just downloaded a ton of free stuff off the unity assets store
One thing worth nothing is that if you struggle to control Sonic as you want, go fiddle in the settings. There are tons of setting for speed, steering, acceleration, etc. that makes it easy to have controls handle how you want.
At least Some of the cyberspace levels straight up use the basic layout of stages from older games: for example, Stage 3-1 is just outright Green Forest with Green Hill Zone set piece. Some people think this is lazy, but I actually think it’s really cool
The game isn't perfect but it is a great stepping stone to better the next game! Now if only Sega can really hit it out of the park for the next one, would I recommend it to newcomers, probably? That depends if they want to play the other sonic games and if so yes I would highly recommend it, probably not forces though, that game still doo doo
On the plus side, while it’s not a complete revival in quality I think this could be a step in the right direction. Better to have a small change in quality in the right direction than no improvements :P
I'm glad someone else has the same issues with the game as I did, I never understood the huge uproar for frontiers as playing it, my only thought was "why so many rails and green hill?! oh hey sky rail that's cool."
8:25 SONIC WALKING VERTICALLY LOL that's just goofy
Well there is slower. (Cough (Labyrinth) cough)
this is such a divisive game man, half of the people love it, and half the people cant find a good grip and balance to it. I think its because of the previous sonic games making all of us used to what the formula was. But I LOVE the change in pace and I can honestly say this has been the only sonic game ive been excited for since I was 8.
Giganto was a very original boss name
All of you complaints about Sonic's physics can probably be boiled down to the fact that they used Forces physics.
Normally I wouldn’t use salt as my seasoning for sonic frontiers more of a pepper guy
Don't forget that fishing is broken, where you can just buy essential collectibles
Ngl, this is my favorite sonic game in a long time. It has flaws, and could be better, but it has more heart than I've seen in over 15 years for a sonic game. I feel like a kid playing adventure again.
For someone who was so hyped for this game, I managed to COMPLETELY miss the release and this is how I find out it came out
Idk. To me, frontiers looks like a playable version of 06
Been watching a friend play it on ps5, pop in still exists. And if that hold to parry is true, he gunna be pissed thanks to a certain thing cuz he kept trying to time it like sekiro parrying.
id say the best part of the game is having to find a way to get up a tower and traversing the many springs rails and walls to get up there. everything else ranges from ok to ech.
this guy really likes salt
SONIC ROBO BLAST 2
Important tip btw, apparently there's a secret final boss you can only acces in hard mode, so you'll want to play that
Let me guess it´s like Sonic ´06?
3:49 this thing looks out of Evangelion
3:43 who needs skill?
physics need some work in cyberspace I guess.
The trailers made it look like it was a beat'em up instead of a platformer.
sonic x genshin impact
I kinda forgot that sonic frontiers has a drop dash, it feels weird to do it in 3d
I’ve never had a problem with cyberspace or anything so far, my only complaints are the physics and how boring the open world looks. I liked the vibrant and fun sonic levels but the open world looks dull
Tbh, I enjoy the slower walking pace to allow you to actually not speed around at every waking moment, the boost is more of just a run which I enjoy, levelling up his speed makes it easier to control earlier on and feel progressive. I can see where you're coming from with the Drop Dash momentum however, I enjoyed using it in the Open-Zones. Plus Combat is for sure Basic but it's pretty fun overall (despite some Mini Bosses being a little annoying). 8/10 for me, really enjoyed it as it went on.
I think the stop and go tutorials were'nt the problem but the numerous cutscenes to do any task and the length of those cutscenes. It's like they forgot the mission cutscenes of Sonic 06. I appreciate the skip button but a world cutscene toggle would have been much more help instead.   Tutorials are necessary for an open world game but it's the repeated gate and token cutscenes that is the real stop and go culprit past first island.
At least everyone can agree this is indeed a Sonic game
I couldn't put it down for 6 hours last night, and I'm still doing things in the 1st zone!  There's so much to do and so much fun to be had, I consider this to be the best Sonic game in a while.  I can tell they took a lot of inspiration from BOTW.  My biggest gripe was that you could be damaged while hitting enemies while in ball form, but only if you are doing anything but rolling or jumping.  If it looks like it shouldn't have hurt you, it probably did.  Only problem, though.
I mean, you CAN alter the speed settings y'know
Is it just me or does this game look like something from PS 2 ?
Gotta love it when you hit one box and all 3 of them break. Imagine having to upgrade the speed of the fastest being alive
I feel like the problem with the cyberspace missions is that sonic’s movement is way more physics based for the open world but that sort of stuff doesn’t work for the more boost style throwback stages so the physics and stage are constantly fighting each other
Honestly I do wish sonic wasn't so slow in the cyberspace levels but I feel like they did that because the cyberspace levels are like forces level length, also neat little Easter egg here, some of the levels have some recreations of old sonic game levels, I found a metal harbor, parts of one of the Missouri stages from unleashed, generations green hill, and there's even sky rail in this video
What is the name of the outro song, I really like it
If you want to see a true evolution of the 3D sonic movement formula, I highly recommend playing Spark the Electric Jester 3. Yes it's the third in a relatively unknown series, but on the mechanics alone, it's worth starting there.
My only issue is chaos island where if you hit a dash pad there u get stuck in the random 2d platform and can’t escape it but other than that it’s the best  modern sonic
Heads up: Never do action mode. Only action you're getting is sandbags on your legs.
<<<a cool video keep up the great content.. Thank you….
My biggest issue with this game is something that has been going on for a few entries already with sonic games. The nostalgia factor. What's with not having original stages and having to re-use old concepts like green-hill and the temple from sonic 3 on each new game? At this point sonic games are no longer about sonic for me, they are about remembering the old times we had with the old games. And it makes me sad that Sega has not taken a few notes from every sonic fan game during the last decade, to the point that frontiers looks so cheap that it feels like a fan game itself.
I'm enjoying the open world stuff, but agree to cyber stages are the weak link. It also bugs me that they bounce between the same 3 or so themes when the narrative sets up having a theme tied to each open world stage.  I am thinking it more as a basis for what sonic team do next instead of going back to the drawing board again. So some thoughts  The little rail, speed sections in the open world that mostly hang around the sky, I agree they need some theming, but more so they need a mask to cover the pop in. It's weird that the game set up a reason (the cyber world) and didnt think of putting a simple digital interference mask over these to hide them popping in. I also think to keep up performance that they should have been split into three  Sections that are tied to the world so themed on the real setting or eggman tech and are the more grounded permanent ones and sections that are 'cyber' which only appear when you do the little puzzle that unlocks that section and more importantly disappear when you've completed them, since the vast vast majority of them are just little routes to collect a collectable, once you get that collectable the temporary cyber ones should have vanished, so you are not (like I've been) redoing rail runs to find you'd already done them 2-3 times and constantly checking the map for ones I hadnt done. Finally the skip around rails appear (that let you travel back through large parts of the world on rail) with the cyber ones but are permanent.  This would have meant the game's performance could have been better managed and everything would have generally looked nicer.  It bugs me the game has so many default wooden and steel crate when evern as far bag as Sonic Adventure they would theme all the crates around Eggman or Station Square or GUN (in SA2) the bland wooden boxes is something we really only saw in Sonic 06 (the game they rushed)
Fun fact: they actually -are- setting up for another Sonic Adventure! Iizuka stated a few months ago that Frontiers is a test to see what they could do with the Adventure format before they commit to making a third title, this is basically an experiment to see what they can do for the next entry.
the fact that sega can make a decent modern sonic game gives me hope for the future.
It looks so good man
2:22   Wow new zelda breath of the wild 2 x sonic the hedgehog mashup!! WOW SO ORIGINAL! The game look's bad ngl-
It doesn't look as empty as the play test was, but it still doesn't seem super populated with things aside from grind rails. Even here in the vid there's a ton of rails either in the fore or background.
My opinion remains what it was on reveal. The physics look real boring, the open zones look like a random realistic asset pack with sonic rails haphazardly thrown in the sky, the pop in is gross. I doubt I'll be picking this one up
you are playing on the wrong mode if ur that slow
After getting through the first area, I have to say that I’m LOVING the game. Although I haven’t experienced as many problems as you, I do think that the cyberspace levels are the weakest part of the game. The controls feels loose at times in a way that feels kinda like sonic forces. And it’s weird because you have much better controls in the overworld so I’m always keeping in mind that the feels are different. It’s weird how you can set the steering but it doesn’t affect the stages. And the weird breaks I get while boosting throws me off. I also agree that sonic shouldn’t lose all his momentum after boosting. It’s really frustrating to go from sonic speed to a brisk walk back to his jog. Considering how good he handles in the overworld, there shouldn’t be a problem with him going from sonic speed to jog since you can do a quick 180, plus you can instantly stop if you want to as well.   But despite all that, this has GOT to be the best sonic game we’ve had in a long time. At least generations tier. Easily top 5 in the modern era. And the first boss has me HYPED for the rest of the game. Like if you go super with a banging soundtrack and a pretty damn anime esk battle ON THE FIRST BOSS, I’m sorry you either peaked or you planning something devious on god.   I say all that to tell you, 1 negative comment trumps 10 good ones. If you’re a sonic fan, play it, if you’re new to sonic, play it. After 24 hours I have seen every creator enjoy the first area, and got hyped on the boss. I don’t know what’s up ahead but here’s hoping that this is the start of a new era, and I want to look back at this game, that started it all
why does this look like te experience on roblox ? is this a joke ?
Says Hot take Gives the coldest take ever
I do feel like to get the fastest routes in cyber space, I am fighting the game and avoiding anything that forces me to script. 9/10 I end up doing whatever it takes to avoid anything scripted in cyber space. See a loop? DONT WALK THROUGH IT! jump to the other side and jump boost.  I also noticed that capped speed and weird momentum in cyberspace... I was like: "In the open world it feels faster." Some say it's cause it's the open world control, but no... it is different.  7-8/10 is what I think.. maybe 6.5 as lowest.. 8 as highest. Still not finished it, but it was a good attempt of sonic team and a good game. Amazing? It ain't yet..  Also stopping on a dime should be an unlockable abillity to be honest. Imagine the abillity called "SONIC STOP" and by doing that instant stop you let out a wave of energy that damages enemies. Now all that speed you build up? BOOM! it comes out. Would be very cool to use when you approach enemies.  I don't hate the cyberspace as much as you do, but defintally I noticed the fact there is not much way to BUILD UP SPEED in those stages.
Yo, these were my exact thoughts. After I played it, I literally said to myself it feels more like a fan game.
Is this the Sonic 22?
I didn't play Sonic frontier but to be fair jumping always more or less killed any momentum you had depending on the sonic game. So nothing new there even thought I think it's a big flaw on how sonic controls in any game, it's way more fun to jump and fly out of the stage than jumping and missing a platform because you instinctively account for a momentum that does not exist after you jumped.
To be honest, this game's levels when I first saw them looked like someone just kinda played around in gmod and called it a "game"
Admittedly, my opinion barely matters here, I'm not a sonic fan, but from game footage, I think I end up with the same conclusion. This really has the looks and feels of a fan game. In both the good (experimenting with a different concept for a franchise) and the bad ( a general feeling of it being a version 0.7 of a product, like, it is playable, most things are here, but it doesn't really feel fully done)  Though honestly, I'm down for that. Better for games to experiment, even if it doesn't fully work out, rather than become ultra formuletic to the point where every games in a serie feels the same.
Something to note is, from looking at steam reviews, the popins are just as bad on pc, so its not just a switch limitation.
My first impression of the game was that it looks like a Unity fan project - which isn't a bad thing, it looks good, but a bit. . . Disorganized at the open zones. A good looking game and for once I don't roll my eyes for seeing Sonic interact with his pals who are just flat once again. I would point out to a certain one right here, but I want people to figure that out by themselves and enjoy the new - but actually original - character of that character.
lets see what the mods can do to this game
RIP Chris Chan, he will never know.
Sonic frontiers takes on the 64 games formula you have to collect stuff to continue the story
It's amazing how they always get the one thing people loved about classic sonic wrong. Momentum is so much more satisfying than raw speed. But, it's nice to see that transition to open world hasn't held back the formula of "feet go brrr"
Finally someone who feels like the physics are strange
He Added a side of salt
That was quick, no pun intended. Make sure you don't burn yourself out Scott. 😁👍
There’s a fast mode in the settings pretty sure
How you ran into these bugs cause I didn't ran into any bugs just bad cyberspace controls is all. And sometimes I go flying boosting off some places made me laugh boosting off a slight incline and Sonic just goes flying lol.
The overworks looks so shitty. If I wanted to look at god awful texture and obvious polygons I'll go play vrchat
Oh my god A SONIC GAME THAT IS GAME
Oh wow! They brought back momentum from the classics in the cyberspace stages! And by classics I mean Sonic 4.
Honestly, boost pads aren't the problem. It's over reliance on them that's the issue. They have been a staple since the first game in the series (bumpers used to have the same function as boost pads), but they weren't the only way to make sonic reach top speed.  I really think m0dern sonic peaked with unleashed and generations. Ever since those games sonic team has been kind of taking control away from the player for some reason, they are afraid of sonic becoming too fast... I thought the fun part and replayability of the levels came from learning them and mastering the timings and obstacles that come your way.   It's ok if you don't get an S rank your first time through, but for some reason it seems they are designing levels in a way that they make it very easy to get your max rank the first time through with little effort. And they are using collectables as a crutch to uncentivize players to replay those levels.  Also it's such a shame that they came SO CLOSE to implementing a combat system that relies on sonic's MOVEMENT, which is the main point of the series. But alas, we need our button masher combos and flashy animations, instead of utilizing well known mechanics and putting a spin (hehe) on them.  Maybe if defeating enemies relied on a mix between building up speed to crash against them, and drawing those circles around them pokemon ranger style. I see it being very fun, the faster you are the less control you have over sonic, and you need to rely on drifting to take sharper turns, but at the same time your trail becomes way longer and you deal more damage once you close the circle. And you can also use that speed to spin dash through them, or jump at them to preserve momentum at the cost of having to aim manually and doing slightly less damage. Or using the homing attack that almost completely kills your speed, but cashes it all in for massive single target damage.
The fuck are these bosses? oO  They make me want to scream at Shinji to get in the fucking robot!
so what ive gathered is "dont play this go play this fan game"
kinda plays out the fact that most games now release slightly unfinished or sometimes just unfinished and leave bugs in.
Exactly. It feels like a fan game by the amount of sonic lore and ambitious ideas put in yet, is dragged down by how unpolished it all is.
Honestly I didn't have high hopes for this  Mainly cause of colours ultimate and forces severely lowered my expectations   Its good to see that it is somewhat fun
Honestly if they could update it and patch out some of the fuckery happening with the physics this could be a great game!
As someone whos been a modern sonic fan mainly ive been loving the game so far. I like boost feeling more like a boost and sonic feeling more weighty in cyberspace zones. As for the momentum i can understand why they kinda needed to be careful with it. Cause if sonic had momentum while moving and didnt stop on a dime id imagine platforming being much more of a nightmare.
If you cut out Cyberworld I think this is probably a 7.5 or an 8. Definitely very excited to see Sega expand on this formula and work out the kinks. It's so close to being perfect but sadly it has the trademark Sonic jank. Hopefully we get a Generations out of this formula where it's perfected (before stagnating) instead of an 06 (Where they crash and burn so hard despite the formula having promise and then get cold feet about it forever)
This kind of seems like a worse version of sonic utopia, if I'm being honest
I'll play devil's advocate: Sonic should only be so fast. Going too fast only limits what levels you can create.
I actually never liked the 3D Sonic games. As a child, I thought Sonic was way cooler than Mario, but by the time we got to Sonic Heroes, I was completely disconnected from him. The only Sonic game I still genuinely enjoy is Sonic Rush. That said, I don't mind SEGA taking a risk and trying something new. Well, new for Sonic. I didn't think an open world would fit Sonic, and I stand by that, but at least, this game looks kinda interesting. It feels a bit less like the constant identity crisis he's been going through for the past... 15 years?
a few days ago alpharad convinced me to buy the game and now you come and convince me otherwise yet again 🙃 guess I'll wait for a sale
PC is definitely the definitive spot to play this if you have the hardware for it. Highly recommend using Cheat Engine to unlock the fps as well cause 60fps is nice even at 1440p but 90-120fps is insanely more fluid and responsive.
Best physics/and mechanics I've seen for a sonic game is; 2D Project Momentum (fan Game) 3D Sonic Robo Blast 2 (fan Game)
I do not care about anytime people showcase Sonic walking up a 90 degree angle as long as Sonic himself is fun to play as. And he is in Frontiers.
Well ya know ya do have to go FAST in thoses new Frontiers But ya need hope a bit in SEGA they trying to do their best for everyone
I still feel like sonic mania is one of the best games to introduce to new players.
Never been a fan of Sonic's usual output, but this game seems like something I'd probably have fun with mostly because it's so different. The floaty momentum and insane speeds combined with precision platforming in previous games always felt frustrating/unsatisfying to me. That and the game's structure of a hub level with things to do on top of the self contained speed challenges just makes a lot of sense for this character/franchise, in my eyes.  Edit: Got a copy. I like it a lot so far. It's a bit janky and the story makes no sense to me, but it's surprisingly fun.
"... But the sing slaps!" thats... thas just Sonic games in a nutshell
I do agree with the fact that the first island is...kind of the worst? The game does get better the more you play.
Personally, I love Sonic Frontiers. I think it's great other than the Rails and Springs looking... non-ancient? The theme is supposed to be some ancient island invaded by futuristic cyber technology so you'd think all the stuff in the world would look ancient except for the hostiles. I also was NOT a fan of how much slower Sonic was compared to the other games, and I hate the dodge and side-step animations. I wish it had the old blurry smear side-step that made Sonic seem really fast, same case with the dodge animation.
my dislikes is the random rails and the uninspiring enemy designs
For giganto I just spammed sonics orb move and i won
9/10 for me, haven't had this much fun in a long time for me, last good Sonic game for me was Generations, and to have this is awesome! 🔥
My only biggest complaint in this game (for cyberspace stages at least) is how landing on bounce pads instead of solid ground does not refresh your aerial speed boost
Oof, that slow speed plus that jank momentum? Oof, that's rough. Shocked i havent heard anyone else comment about that yet
The game is slower in cyberspace due to the fact sonics speed is not leveled up yet on the first level. As you upgrade it it begins to play better.
I have this game on PC. I personally haven't ran into many issues glitch-wise. Gameplay-wise I my complaints are pretty minimal, but maybe that's because I haven't played a modern sonic game since generations so my expectations have been tempered pretty well.
0:45 I heard that you need to let go of the analogue stick when rolling
it came out YESTERDAY. YESTERDAY. HOW?!?!!!?
Got the game yesterday and now I have the platinum trophy. I think I like this game alot idk.  It's probably my new favorite sonic game as it just ticks all the right boxes for me.
So i've been playing Frontiers for like 6 hours so far and thus here are my positives as well as the negatives  + it's open world + exploration rewards you + not linear, you can blaze through the story without collecting most of the things + the combat, despite being spammy, is very flashy and cool rather than just sonic aim botting with a spin dash + the boss fights are fucking amazing  - tutorials right after a cutscene that tells you what to do is kinda dum - you can just generate rings by spamming cyloon, idk if it was intended but it kinda looses the purpose of collecting rings yourself. - some action cutscenes felt a little lack of flow or less animated compared to other clips. - some cyberspace levels, especially 1-2 are too demaning for the vault keys, you need to max your speed settings to beat that level in required time. - so far, i'm at second island, and the dialoges between Sonic and Sage has been the same: > Sonic questions where, who or why is he here with Sage not answering > Sage attacks or warns Sonic. But hopefully there be at least some kind of change the more you continue the story. - parry exists, but most of the time i forget that it does outside tutorial/training.  There may be some more or less negatiges the more i play but that's all i got for now.  So here are some funny tips i found out myself: The Cyloon is very busted, besides solving puzzles, you can generate rings and an infinite boost that last temporary, but for a long time. Also stuns enemies and even breaks out of their shields. Do the challenges where you can unlock those fast travel rails when you see them, it's very easy to get lost and then have no idea where you are on the map + makes backtracking much easier  Sonic Boom auto aims at the enemy, so when needed you can damage at a safe distance.  Do the Big fishing, the rewards are so worth it like the scrolls that can let you fast travel to one of the kokos that upgrade your stats, and are not one time use. Also the fishing background theme feels like lofi so extra points for just to relax a moment.  You can't just hold boost while fast traveling on those rails, you gotta give it a lil bit of attention  So that should be my personal review on Frontiers, buy it when you even have the slightest interest in a good sonic game. Buuut i'd wait for like a good deal first, full game price + deluxe pack just feels so much ._.
How has it been 5 years since your forces video lmaooo 😭😭
You literally can't make a review for a game and just casually mention it's on the worse performing console in the line up
7/10!? It's literally unfinished
So this game is made for babies, got it I'll buy it when it's 50% off
It's a step in the right direction for the franchise.
Game came out yesterday and it's bad
0:35 I'd argue boost no longer killing enemies is a good thing. Boost to win felt even more braindead than Werehog combat in Forces.
"feels like the floor is magnetized"  YEAH you nailed that one
I don't know if its my typical luck to never experience glitches or if the PC version has less bugs then the Switch but I must say I love the cyberspace stages and I didn't have the same stopping problem with the drobdash, I love going through them again until I get S rank and all the other missions, and even in the open zone against the big guys never really had a problem.
Sonic frontiers vs other good Sonic games to me is similar to Doom eternal vs other good doom games. Sure, there's more mobility and there's boast (dashes), but ironically, it makes everything feel slower (worse) than before.
you think they'll push out patches to fix the problems folks complain about? or do you think its one and done?
All I knew about this game before now was that the theme song vandalize has a line fuck my pain away now my bed is in ruins, so definitely a more edgy theme lol
Did you play high speed or action? Because it's basically fast or slow.
What is with the modern Sonic Team and reusing Green Hill zone 50 times per new game XD
Switch for the win lol
The fact that they feel they should add things to help sonic be...well FAST is always odd. Seriously he is the blue blur let him be fast, he shouldn't need constant help to do the thing he is known for. Honestly Sega....what are we going to do with you? The speed boost things shouldn't be used to get him faster, it should be used to help him accelerate back up to the high speed he can get naturally.  Simple as that...why is that so hard to grasp for these game creators?
Honestly im just glad theyre finally getting away from "Sonic is the speed in all gameplay fuck you if you want to react to a stage or platform you go 3000000000000000mph at all times BOOOOOOST". I enjoyed sonic adventure and SA2 the most because sonic was still sonic, but it was a fun platformer first and foremost. Sonic doesnt need to be going 150000mph on screen to be sonic.
A 3/10 for me. I returned it after an hour, i got so bored of doing the exact same thing *in an open world game.*
i actually agree, the open world feels a thousand times better than the cyberstages  i will say i'm on the tails volcano island and i am not liking how much camera controlling 2.5D platforming sections there is though
8:25: My irrelevant opinion is this:    Sonic Frontiers isn't just the most successful experiment the devs have put into the franchise, it's the best story bar-none. Yes, even better than either Adventure. I think it's proof that all the fans asking for more mature content can deliver knockout returns if handled well and the core traits of each character worked with instead of being made cheap jokes. I think the decision to omit later-developed characters like Rouge and Shadow helped make the deeper moments with Tails, Amy, and Knuckles much more meaningful. As much as I think the writing team for this could've made them shine, Amy getting tearful over two lost lovers or Knuckles leading a dead platoon wouldn't have worked if The Emo was belittling them for "losing in the first place" or not giving a shit about their trauma because none of then are Maria. Sage's appearance may have been brief, but I think she's going to become a fondly remembered character, and a very important moment of fleshing out Eggman. We've seen him be fond to his creations before, but never in the games has he ever been so praising, and so saddened, over a creation like Sage.   The Open Zone content being short and partially  is unfortunate, but given how much more of a risk this was I think it's a good first attempt and worth your money. I'm not going to speculate on how "worthwhile" any potential DLC would be, but more islands would probably be an easy sell. The light touch of RPG to me helps sell the feeling of having to build up in a new situation of adventure and danger. Almost a Metroid-vania in concept. Plus the fact the Bosses are all Evangelion Units with the serial numbers filed off made me giggle and feel super-hyped. The ability to outright control how fast Sonic runs and turns from the options menu is something I wish more platformers did, rather than make janky physics and controls just a 'part of the challenge'. The player should have control over a toolset to overcome obstacles, not rely on luck, guesswork, or RNG.  Cyberspace is something that I think we can mark as the solidification of a worrying trend, the obligatory inclusion of "classic" 2D stages. Ever since Generations, every title has had this shift between 3d and 2d being baked into the mix of mechanics and I don't think the devs are handling it well. Especially with games like Sonic Mania and the perfection of Sonic 1-2 to modern systems showing there are people out there who fully understand the original formula. I think the message the devs took from Generations is that the aesthetics and surface-level appearances are what their core customers are looking for, and with how the initial trailers were received that seems to have been reinforced for Frontiers. It's not quite 'wanting to make a movie but wound up with a game', but I definitely get the feeling there's a market and creator base for just watching Sonic do all these adventures among crazy backdrops. And maybe that's where things'll go with the Sonic Movie Trilogy. But so long as Sega lets people make fangames of Sonic, we'll probably have no lack of options to try and find what we want out of the blue blur.   Also, Sonic Boom is now Main Canon. You cannot escape Sticks. She is coming for your can openers.
you know you can upgrade speed right
I'm not the biggest fan of the weighty physics in cyberspace, and I'm sure mods will fix it, but it kinda makes it fun to speedrun the stages since the levels are so short.
I just got to the 3rd island and yeah I experienced some bugs and some things weren't clear to me whatsoever (I didn't even know you had to parry Giganto's swings, I kept trying to dodge)  But outside of that, I'm really liking the story so far and the characters actually feel like the characters unlike Forces that felt like stereotypes duct taped to cardboard cutouts of the characters. Hopefully for the next games with this style, they take less from the boost formula with its "The same game but with A GIMMICK" and instead focus more on actually improving the gameplay like with Zelda or Pre-Gen 6 Pokemon
As someone who didn't grow up with the older games, my first game being Sonic Colors, I'm actually really used to the way that Sonic is weighted through the levels. So it played just fine for me. Plus I went to the settings and changed the running and turning settings, so it plays uniquely to me. My biggest complaint is the map. Why can't I just have a small mini map in the corner instead of opening the big map every time I get lost?
When there's a side of salt for a game that is months from being released.
7:28 They also did this for Unleashed to.  You have to keep playing the game and earn XP and Level Sonic up especially for the Warehog.  But hey I love the slow beginning of this game, definitely feels like an Unleashed progression system.
4:40 missed opportunity should of made sonic say “SHIT UP YOU STUPID B**** HIYAAH”
I thought your hair would be green on the ending of the video 🤔
Graphically it looks like a pre alpha kickstarter game that will never get finished.
When it comes to speed, I think (dev's included) a number of folks got the wrong idea from the early games. They where less about going fast, and more about momentum, if you knew the routes, you could move cleanly and just zip though, but otherwise stopping and looking at options was well worth it. Either way you just wanted to keep on moving.   When it comes to modern sonic, the games feel like they are just trying to get you to speedy set piece after set piece. Less platforming and picking and more just holding right. Can still be fun, but not quite the same game.  Sonic Utopia seems to grasp it for instance, use inertia to reach impossible new heights, but also just plain explore. Less about raw speed, more about constant movement.
WHEN'S OMORI WITH A SIDE OF SALT 🧂 COMING?
Yeah, I kinda agree with you on just about everything, however even with all of those flaws, I still think this game might be one of favorites. Yeah the physics could be better, cyber space could be a bit more inspired by the game it's in, the map is pretty bad along with how it's filled in, the base walking speed is pretty bad and I found myself get spending like 30 secs getting to max rings a lot more I should've, but it's still just some much fun. Cyberspace's 2D sections feel off, but I still found myself having fun with it. I spent an hour on 1-2 alone figuring how get an S rank alone, and a lot of the stages I've played so far have a lot in them. The air boost feels cool to use to find skips for certain areas. I actually feel compelled to complete the cyber space stages and the rest of the game. Overall, while this game has a lot of issues, I still feel like it's one of a kind and there aren't many games that I can find that's like THIS and for that alone it's quickly becoming one of my favorite sonic games. This might change when I finish it, but so far I've been having a blast.
Jank asf, and desolate. Glimpses of something good but eh. We need a complete sonic reboot
my opinion on the boost pad thing: i dont think we should fully get rid of them but maybe use them lightly, like if there's an area where you have to stop, and you dont wanna make the play feel punished for stopping to get a special trinket, then add a boost pad, but if the player could easily just turn right or left, don't put a boost pad, and instead just make it obvious when they should turn left or right
I get vague sonic 06 vibes.
Music, Speed and nifty locations. That's all i want from my sonic games.
I like how many reviewers agree, the game has/had potential and it shows it.
The game turns out to be about what I thought it would be not perfect just pretty neat bases for future projects that can become legendary in time via community action
Cyber space does have some repeat levels from old games. one of the levels on the second island is straight up one of shadow's level from Adventure 2 (idk the stage name but the song for the stage is "Mr.Unsmiley")
I remember seeing the demo a few monthsand going, huh could be a solid base for a game but definitely needs a lot of work to actually get it to where it'll actually have interesting stuff to do. I remember everyone calling it "hollow". And then it came out, out of nowhere and hearing that ot seems rushed with bugs and lack of polish or content seems just about right. I thought it would come out in half a year to a year.
Never and the drop dash issue arise yet.
Its funny how the sonic team just gets away with doing the bare minimum every time
I feel like this game is stepping in the right direction, however it feels like some of the animations are too stiff in some cutscenes and it feels like the voice actors are just reading a script in the voice rather than having the voice have personality. Still a ok game but it feels off.
Definitely getting this on PC for the mechanics-fixing mods.
Nice, I like your insights.
genuinely good review. i agree with most of the points made minus some of the cyber space stuff. i felt like that was one of my favorite parts of the game since they are so bite sized. it makes you want to sprint to the next one. tho I do agree with the point the sonic feels pretty slow in them that is undeniably. i also want to say that I'm not even the biggest fan of sonic and this just felt like breath of the wild sonic. not nessicarily in a bad way. i just want game devs to do more unique things and not redo the same ideas. probably why i didnt like the open world part as much.
I'm kind of in a unique place to have thoughts about this game since the only games I've played are the boost games , the classics, and SA1 but honestly I prefer boost. So personally I'm in love with the game  Edit: I also played sonic 4 ep 1 but I hate that game
I pretty much wrote a review that sounded like this on steam. it's pretty mediocre but it can be fun in the open world segments. 7/10 is fair. I would be fine without the cyberspace stuff and just chunking it into the main hub here and there.   Maybe requiring clearance of a version of it to get from place to place but ALSO maintaining the open world physics.
The fact that fan games like Sonic Robo Blast 2 and Sonic Utopia can deliver on the desire for solid momentum physics while a AAA first party Sonic title seemingly can't is literally pathetic
Can someone please give me a link to sonic Utopia. I have been looking forever
If we are actually getting another entry in the Adventure series I hope we finally get to play as Sonic's friends again. The best part of 3D sonic is everyone that isn't Sonic, and I'm honestly annoyed at Sega's over insistence of sidelining all the other characters...
I think the problems with it can be boiled down to "Sonic but it wants to be like Breath of the Wild" or "Sonic meets Dark Souls (but WAY easier)"
This game is really strange. It ditches speed and momentum for shallow puzzles and combat. If there is a sequel to frontiers hopefully they get this all figured out
I like that they at least acknowleged how terribly they've been handling Tails' character in recent games. They may have even been hinting at a Tails spinoff game, or like you mentioned, perhaps a new adventure game.
The game itself seems super unpolished which is unsurprising.  The bosses I've seen, however, are absolutely incredible at least in the spectacle they provide (and the music is largely to thank for that im sure). I'll look at getting it on a sale but prob not getting it rn (which sounds harsh but that's significantly better than any sonic game I've ever looked at since unleashed). Despite its flaws though, this seems like a fantastic template that can lead to a fantastic game down the road and for the first time ever, I'm genuinely excited to see where the series goes.
The boss themes are just devil may cry songs
Happy to hear their taking a more serious tone, sonic games like adventure imop had more genuine character development/dynamics, if only they could consistently build upon their movement mechanics instead of it being wildly different every game.
I haven't gotten sonic frontiers yet, is the bgm in this video from the game?
I feel it would be cool if they did like a metroid thing like sonic stars at his fastest and and run around the open zone and you can trash the first boss then because robotnik stole the chaos emeralds or whatever Then you have to go through and do the level ups for the rest of the game
thank you good sir, you saved me some money
I super recommend you all check out Spark the Electric Jester, those games understand momentum *super* well. Going from 2 to 3 is also a major jump in quality. Less momentum and total speed than Sonic Utopia, but a much tighter control on zone movement.
Sonic is still a dead corpse running around with no character at all even in the cut scenes
This game is definitely worth it. As someone who was so fatigued from forces this game feels like an apology for forces. Its great and loads of fun. The things this games does brings me promise for the future of sonic.
Have to agree with a lot of this. Got this on PC and the graphics were still disappointing and the fps limit is a sad 60. While there is still things I am enjoying with this game, it does feel like it needed an additional year or so for development. How this game came out, in short, was like getting an ice cream sundae, but they forgot to add the whipped topping and cherry. So all you get is vanilla with some melted fudge.
So I've only played frontiers for like an hour because the download took a while and I needed to go to sleep soon because of work. But most of what you said feels true, like I wish there was more momentum. But I actually think sonic feels fast but not uncontrollable fast. I feel like sonic is more magnetized in the overworld than cyberspace. I enjoy cyberspace a lot from the few that I've done. And it feels like a more modern sonic adventure. It feels good collectively though and I am ready to play more
Sonic is slow(er) in this game? Well now I’m interested because the insane fast movement is what always drove me away from the franchise due to poor reaction time in my part
instead boosting they just need a focus mode players can activate that slows down time in order to gain their bearings, that way sonic can always be fast without any real downsides
1:34 I can’t believe there’s a Sonic 4  reference in Frontiers
And here I was, hyped for a good sonic game. Mania will be the last good Sonic game. :(
I see a lot of potential here, which is more then i can say for most of the recent games in the series that was just "Run Straight Simulator" over and over. The story and characters feels more engaging, no doubt thanks to Ian Flynn. And the controls aren't bad, just not really well set up. Sure it's also buggy...but find me a Sonic game that isn't. Even Adventure 2 was a buggy mess. Still, this game definitely has given me some long lost hope for the games in this franchise.
This game shouldn’t be as fun as it is when you look at it critically… but it is
Honestly, sonic games have been dead since boost and temple run became the norm. The last GOOD 3D game was shadow the hedgehog. And the last one with those controls was 06 and that was dead on arrival. 2D sections should stay in mania. Go 3D or 2D, never both
The fact he didn't rage or have a meltdown is already a good sign
This games graphics look like it should have come out in 2007 on a ps3. Like comparing old Spider-Man games to the 2018 one there is a massive upgrade in quality. Sonic team feels like they are still technologically backwards. The story in this game is so bare bones like Sonic Adventure 2 did the story so well both for a old and young audience. The world feels poorly thought out and planned. Overall it's a 6/10 game because at least the gameplay is fun and it seems like they kinda are starting to get a clear vision for Sonic but I will still stay sceptical. I don't believe this game is worth y'all s money tho.
The newest pokemon game also comes out this month 😬  Sonic or Pokemon ( with pvp back )
I kinda wish I didn't pre-order the deluxe version, cause it automatically gives you a bunch of resources that I didn't want at the begining... but the SA2 skin was nice.
If you want a good 2D boost Sonic, I’d recommend Sonic Rush. Game was a blast.
If you want a good 2D boost Sonic, I’d recommend Sonic Rush. Game was a blast.
Pokémon ranger sonic frontier
7/10 too much water
Didn't Iizuka basically confirm or implicate back earlier this year that they were planning to make another Sonic Adventure game in the near future?
Bro this game looks bad lmao
"Probably could've used another year in development..."  *You mean like what the ENTIRE internet was saying upon its IGN reveal?*  Sega and Sonic Team never learn...
i dont know why, but hearing scottfalco say "penis" is funny
Sonic stopping near-instantly is how he's portrayed in the TV shows and in the movies. Though they probably could have made it felt better in-game.
Just disappointed in the final boss. They straight up Drakenguard us.
More years in development? Dude they developed this for 5 years
Haven't played it yet, but the more footage I see of this game, the more I want to take Project Hero's Sonic, Tails & Knuckles and drop them into Frontiers in place of Frontiers' Sonic. Also haven't played Utopia yet, but now I'm itching to.
I want Sonic to be faster dangit!
I’m really glad that he was honest about the game and his opinion, cause I was really thinking the open world thing was gonna be like a game changer for a sonic game, still is pretty cool, but I think it’s one of those games I’m gonna watch YouTubers play, at least till I can rent it
Agree with Cyberspace - I can't bring myself to play it because of how slow and weird Sonic felt. Springs would just kill his momentum and stop me from moving him until I double jumped, and that would send me flying.
As soon as I saw how sonic boosted I was a little underwhelmed, sonic unleashed (in my opinion) had the best sense of speed in boosting as visual and gameplay standpoint for how hard that game was it was trying to show you speed but for frontiers I think they wanted to have a controllable sonic in a 3d space and cranked that down a bit too much (sonic shouldn’t level up his speed if he has the title of “fastest thing alive”)
this game looks like a shitty unity game
I cant believe making a character more then one character trait makes them more likable :0
Let's be honest, expectations have been low for while so it's surprising this somehow turned out to be decent
Bro it’s day one, how do you already have a video
Soookokooloonic
This hit it’s expectations better then Gotham Knights
ped_>0 artists  supporter suck look up herny ed art gallery  from rul 34
I still feel like this game would have been a hundred times better if it was just knuckles.
I feel like walking up edges is kinda sonic adventure-esque. Which isn't really a pro in the grand scheme of things, but I find it funny. I totally agree that sonic doesn't feel all that fast. Even with the boost. I kinda get confused of whether it's faster to multiply tap the boost or just keep the boost held down.
this series is always so funny 😂
Furries are degenerates
I remember tails saying the energy is as strong as dark Gaia and I just flipped cus unleashed is my favourite game and I loved the reference of it
Easily one of my favorite Side of Salts Love the content as always, and always looking forward to the next video!
Well, giving everyone the heads up. The Nintendo switch is not the only one with pop-ins.
I really like the weight actually. I prefer having more control of my character, and it frustrates me when I don’t. It’s what infuriates me going back to Sonic games I enjoyed as a kid. My inputs don’t feel like they matter.
the overworld should have been designed like "Riders Republic" and "Steep" - an open world with seemingly natural pathing and challenges designed around those paths.
Salt
I'm gonna wait till they release Sonic Adventure 3 with chao garden before I'm ever gonna buy a sonic game at full price, this looks just wack in most ways except some of the levels look cool
2:37 that graphical glitch😬
Fun fact , the steam deck as today runs worse than the switch on the first area
Appreciate the well-rounded review. Been looking for one since release.  I'm heartened to hear it's got potential given its (limited) experimentation with what we've had for the past number of years from Sonic. I hope there's some kid out there who plays this and feels the joy I did playing S3 for the first time and gets into the rest of the series (barring Boom) as a result.
they probably didn't have the content they needed for the last trailer ready when the first trailer was being made
It sounds like the game needs some patches and slight tweaks and it will be a fun and unique sonic game
Game is definitely giving Pokémon Legends Arceus vibes, where it looks fun, but really needed more time in the oven. Still, might pick it up at a later date.
I feel bad for Sonic fans. Y’all have been beat down over and over again to the point where getting a halfway decent game is an amazing achievement. Reminds me of when Jedi Fallen Order came out. Even though it was just a generic action game with passable combat, platforming, and an inoffensive story, it had been so long since Star Wars fans got a good single player game that we absolutely loved it.
So it's a collection of neat ideas but the execution is unpolished.  Like a tech demo  So it's exactly what we were expecting
I was off and on and watched some gameplay that I got intrigued but then saw how slow it kinda is but this makes me feel like giving it a chance so I will buy it for Christmas so it has time to get some patches and I can have time to let guides for upgrade stuff locations come out, overall good vid and thanks for more details that convinced me to give the game a chance! Ps: I will come back with a update if I remember after playing the game.
When I try to put full screen it crashes in settings
Look, sega is TRYING something new, not to mention this is kind of a big comeback, for sonic that is, not to mention this game DID just release, so give it time, perhaps try again on another attempt after one or two patches the game gets, just a thought of mine to be honest
This game makes it look like the sonic franchise is going in a good direction, what with the story and trying out new things. Game plays pretty well but also has some very odd mechanics as mentioned in the video. But hey! It's still fun!   Now give us a button to pet the Kokos Sega you cowards
Wierd how nobody pointed out the Alpha roast.
I think the thing I respect the most about Frontiers is it's the first time in a long while that a sonic game - like Scott said - has really *tried* something. They shot for the moon with this idea, and I think that turnaround from what sonic was rapidly becoming lost in for years prior outweighs a lot of what makes it somewhat frustrating to play at times. That's just me, though
I still think they should've had cosmetic "Skins" where you transform into a character from the Sonic cast.  Bonus being that it actually changes your move set and how the game feels.  I miss playing as Amy, Tails, Knuckles, Vector, Espio, Silver, Blaze, Omega, Cream, Rouge, Shadow, Charmy, and even Big.  I'm praying that mods take advantage of this games open layout, and really go ham adding in characters. (and I also hope Sonic Team and SEGA do for future games or DLC)
8:41 it was a smart plan, show ass and it turns out to be good, sonic fans will still buy it anyway even if it’s shit (forces) and anything they don’t like from the original trailer you can make sure you already fixed it
It’s not unbearably awful, so I’ll take what I can get.
the best part of the average sonic game is the music
I’ve only played Sonic Frontiers for like two hours and maybe it’s just copium but I kinda liked it. Keyword is kinda because I feel like this is another Legends Arceus kinda scenario which this came is the prototype made to test out this style of games and see what people think.  Pokémon Legends came out and honestly no one was expecting much from it but I can definitely see that it led to Pokémon Scarlet and Violet being what it is now. Even tho it’s not out.  Maybe Frontiers is in a similar boat and the long awaited Sonic Adventure 3 will be an improved version of sorts…my childhood dreams has been SA3
Glad you posted this, maybe was going to buy the game but I’m not now. I love the momentum in classic Sonic so I don’t think I would like or maybe even enjoy this game. Thanks for the helpful review 👍
sonic utopia, sonic gt, win 🤠
The only Sonic game I enjoy out of recent times is Sonic Colors. No not the recent one, the one "exclusively" on Wii. At least they are trying and experimenting with this game. Makes you wonder what possibilities other games could be?
If there's no slow downs but pop-ins I might get it on switch. (It has pop-ins on pc too to my understanding)
While I don't entirely like the weighted physics, it isn't hurting the experience much for me tbh
Rookie mistake should've got PC
Now that you mentioned koroks, i never noticed the actual impact that breath of the wild, and i guess that mario odisey too had on the gaming industry
The fact i predicted them spamming green hill zone is just not surprising
Music?
"when it works, it feels good, but when it doesn't it's painful. It's a Sonic game..." I don't think you really need to say anything more, that kinda sums up Sonic games as a whole, at least the 3d ones officailly by Sega.
I think sega went to trigger happy on how they changed boost like seems they listened to some fans about it but went an extra to far. But I am enjoying it so far and I hope future titles build up from this.
Sega is currently trying to make Sonic less shovelware-esque after the popularity of the films; if you didn't hear they actually put out something about hiring someone to become the 'Sonic Lore' specialist.
Since you did omori streams will we get omori with a side of salt (or without)? No pressure or anything I just would really like to hear your thoughts on it as a whole and if you want to leave it well enough alone that’s understandable.
I love Sonic games, but Frontiers feels so... weird.
Call honesty because it's just a special zone that Sonic is slow in not the outside world I spent five hours before I go to sleep on that game last night and my boots are my speed is at level 8.... Just play for yourself people
This game looks and feels like they spliced two games together to make this, and one of them wasn't even planned to be a sonic game in the first place. The open world segments and robo villains look way too 'real' to be in a Sonic game, also.
When you mentioned mods, I thought you were playing on PC. Looks good on Switch.
Sonic Frontiers. It’s a game!
Ok, if ANY other dev can answer me because I cannot figure it out.  Why can the people that make these games dont understand flow? Like in every modern game it is always stop start or no momentum. The boost pads just make it even more clear.
Got this today, played it for about an hour. Long enough to get the first McGuffin that you need the keys for.  Getting my refund and i'll gladly watch a playthrough on YT.  Overworld felt buggy and dense with stuff that just gives you McGuffins and rings.  The weightiness of the cyberspace sub levels made aspiring for the S rank times look like an absolute chore. If i'm gonna be a completionist I don't want to die to things beyond my control.  Needing another year of development is crazy accurate.
Most sonic games always had great potentional but kept fumbling either for tons of glitches, only have concept level ideas as the final product, or just straight up bad executions.  It's kinda sad to see the last stable and non concept only sonic game was sonic lost worlds.  Decent is fine but a series that was made popular BECAUSE OF IT'S  PHYSICS shouldn't have these problems, ever. And as long as they keep struggling with physics they aren't going to be any better than decent.
SEGA: (Releases a new Sonic the Hedgehog video fame that's either mediocre or downright terrible)  YouTubers: A'ight, Imma Get Ready To Piss Off Some Furries
5:02 sega literally said if the game does well they’ll consider an SA3
2:13 Nah, why is Ninja in this game 💀
Good to hear it's fun, problems come with everything for sonic but sounds like it will be great for mods because sonic community is all about mods
I'm not big on sonic games, I Sticked to the shows. But this could just be a me thing, I can't stand the hyper realistic background with sonic because it don't look good. I could just be too used to botw but I think it could've benefited from the open worlds looking like it does in tower of fantasy or journey
I don't even know how people can play this other than going out of country
They're really putting that NGS engine to work
honestly i just dont know what a sonic game is.  Like, genuinely,  i look at your gameplay and get confused with everything moving.   Mario jumps, scrolling from one side to the other, or top down in themed playground like levels Zelda is go from one dungeon to the next  but like for sonic i never felt any clear path, go into those cyberspace levels and i get easily overwhelmed and confused, it doesnt feel intuitive to me at least, and just puts me off the game.  The stories have been so all over the place too that i cant really attach myself to anything there either.   Like all mario enemies look like they belong in the game, Sonic ones dont look like they fit at all.    also to note, im for sure biased since I don't play these games, just occasionally look in from my phone to see whats up then bounce.   Im never really invested in these games, mostly just here to listen to people like yourself( nice engaging entertaining voiceover) or lets plays(basically a themed podcast)
mascot at the end should go and commit sad cat dance. know her place y' feel me??
Sonic Frontier is a game.
It feels like after so many… just bad games, some people are praising it a little too much. It’s a decent game, but that’s really all I can say.
Trash video
Just something to inform you of, unless they removed the option. You can increase Sonic's speed in the options menu. The difference is significant.
Sad thing is, given Sega and Sonic Team’s insecurity, it’ll surprise me if we see something like this in future. It looks like it could be improved a lot, and I will be pleasantly surprised if they do improve it
Sega is so bold on selling this shit for $60 and not even putting on Gamepass
Puts on some pepper
Gonna wait for a sale to experience this dumpster fire of a fan-game.
I didn't plan on playing this game, but seeing this, probably would be fine with getting this as a gift from someone, idk
It all comes down to "7/10 needs more momentum", isn't it?
Yo scott. if you play on a mode called "action mode" it fix3s most of the slow problems, you play muchhh faster
imo sonic gt physics would be a better fit for frontiers it feels so good and fast
Good to see the franchise about going fast still has no idea how to make you feel fast
Its a step in the right direction for Sonic, they were  a bit too afraid to drop his boost formula movement style. He can actually turn like in adventure again, at least in the over world, but he is so sluggish to jump and move. Adventure sonic felt a lot more free form, jumping didn't destroy your momentum back then. Hate the M word all you will, until they keep fine tuning for it, Sonic will struggle to shine where he really shouldn't.
honestly a sonic game feeling like a fan game is a compliment seeing as how for the past few years fangames haven't failed to be exceedingly better than the official games
I've never owned a Sonic game and only played one like, over a decade ago. And not for very long.  I loosely followed the series' "general decline" out of interest, not as a fan.  Then I stumbled across the IDW comics, read the Metal Virus arc, and absolutely fell in love with it.  Now I'm on the fence, watching reviews, wondering if Sonic Frontiers should be my first Sonic game. Is it the start of a new era? Or are all the game-Sonic fans on maximum strength copium? Seems like...somewhere in between.  I'm undecided.
I don’t get the whole IGN video thing; it looks the same as the final product.  What’s they do wrong?
Its been…1 day
From what I've seen so far this game is a solid 6 or 7 out of 10 and that's fuckin amazing for current year sonic
To back up the “he’s too slow” point, it’s cause you were on a low speed level. Another thing is with the bugs in it, the game just came out and that’s a given with most games. Like this is 100x better then forces THATS for sure
Pretty shocked on how many people don't know that Sega got so lazy, that they just copied the Cyberspace level layouts from previous Sonic games. One of the Green Hill stages sloppily copies Green Forest. Some Sonic fans will try and say it's Sonic's memory or something, but there's like 2 Shadow only stages here.
I think that the very sharp physics are a response to people saying that Sonic's heavier physics made platforming too difficult. To which I say, I can work with either.
That transition was clean at 3:48
1:35 getting sonic 06 vibes right here😢
Finished the game yesterday and its by far my favorite Sonic game. Never was big on Sonic gameplay, but Frontiers just worked for me. Also absolutely love the writing.
Yeah, the Cyberspace isn't a hot take, most of the hardcore fans would agree with you.
I also wish the boost pads weren’t such a crutch. I get why they are sometimes there, but I wish they could lean more on gravity-based movement like in Adventure 1. I do appreciate Sega going more “open” with their levels though!
Cyberspace being the worst part is not really an hot take, it's probably the consensus.
Hard agree on the trailers. Whoever led the advertising campaign for this game needs to be removed cuz they're either hilariously incompetent or malicious.
I mostly agree with the Cyber Space salt. For the 2d stages it feels like they took the physics from the Classic Sonic stages from Forces and somehow made them worse. I half agree with stage variety though, half of the stages were segments copied right from Sonic Generations. The rest of the game is pretty fun though, feels nice that a modern Sonic game actually turned out somewhat decent for a change.
You had me at it's no longer  boost to win Edit oh God whats wrong with the switch version
i have the ps5 version and i havent had any bugs but have had sonic somehow go flying in the air randomly sometimes. i honestly think that they will/have learned from this and if they do try this again it will hopefully be better but overall as of this time i put 4 hours in and im having fun with this game
My take: it looks like a really good fangame made with free assets on unity
This game is what sonic 06 wanted to be
Damn this looks worse than a wii game lol
its kind of like bowser's fury in a way
Well it’s a sonic game a franchise known for their buggy games 😂
Man this side of salt video was so  FASTER than the splatoon
Great video as always
Compared too how things have been with sonic I've loved this game too bits. Its massive in scale the characters feel the most alive they've felt in years and I mean over 10 years. The game play isn't terrible the cyberspace feels like a funeral. With what takashi has been saying about making a new adventure game im not suprised. With how nice the open world is i think its safe too say we can day goodbye too the boost formula. We likely won't many games like sonic forces colours or generations ever again.  Maybe the occasional one but I mean as common as sonic mania. This game is a step in the right direction but thats all it is. A step an attempt.  I hope the Internet doesn't ruin this chance by complaining about stuff that doesn't matter and saying things in this game are bad when they aren't. This is a great sonic game. Not perfect but games barely ever are.
I'm honestly not against slowing the hedgehog down as long as the option to speed up is there and actually works. Most of my experiences with sonic and speed are either uncontrollable or rigid set pieces which aren't so rigid actually and I somehow manage to send myself flying off the map. This gets me thinking if the problems with sonic games is in the need to make him go fast, maybe, probably, I don't know I personally just prefer sonic's 2d outings, never thought the adventure games were all that great honestly.
5:18 Did you just catch a Marlin in a tiny pond? The fact that you picked THAT fishing scene as the one to show and never elaborated in any way on it seems to be an awesome passive aggressive jab at the game.
Wow from what you said this sonic game definitely looks like a game
Haven't played the game yet, but I wager that they toned down the speed and made so many ways to stop yourself is to work better with the open world style of this game, as I can imagine times the speed may hurt you like platforming challenges or rushing head first into an enemy's fist. Why couldn't they just program the classic/2D sections differently to be nothing but speed is beyond me. Looks like a fun despite its flaws
Broooo really saying sonic utopia is amazing lol. The game is not only just a short demo but it is a scrapped demo as the devs have moved past it to make better versions. Idk if they're available behind a paywall anywhere but I haven't found access to the further developed versions. With that said, the demo is sloppy at best but headed in the right direction. The controls are very loose, there is no "help me stay on this curved ramp" loose guidance so if you're not 100% tailing sonic hard you're going to fly off of stuff easily. The camera has to be behind sonic exactly or you lose momentum and the level design isn't very cohesive. Also the underground aztec area you showed off is probably the worst area in the demo as it shows a lot of it's design flaws. If you fall in water, the few ways to get back up are scattered so if you're not 100% tailing sonic to a T then you're falling off a ramp into the water. There are very few areas where you stay at full speed and get to enjoy it before an obstacle, jump, or wall is in the way. Everything about the level screams "conceptual design" which is very fair.....for a demo.... that isn't current anymore.... and not a full game. So while it is a very very good demo that's a good 5 minute sonic playground, telling people to go play that game instead is a bit disingenuous. I'm not making an argument for sonic frontiers either, it just struck me as odd that you would choose to promote an out of date demo.
Fun Fact: One of the main writers for the Story was Ian Flynn, who is one of the main writers for the Sonic Comics!
Sonic frontiers? More like sonic midtiers.
Unplayable. Comes with a virus that only tries to brick your switch if it thinks you're on an emulator. Except unless they update it, that's exactly what will happen to a lot of people on real hardware. And what virus is that? Oh just the virus that the PC version also comes with. This shit runs in ring 0 without authorization (rootkit), replicates itself in memory (virus), watches your inputs (keylogger), and hurts the living shit out of performance.
I'm mixed on this one. On the one hand I am having a fun time tearing through the cyberspace levels. I pretty much hold down the boost button exclusively when in those anyway, so I never noticed the weird physics mentioned here.  On the other hand I'm only on the second of the open zones and already bored with all the korok-seed tier filler. They literally do the same thing as BOTW where you follow the flower. Why do sandbox games require so much mindless busywork? When they said this was gonna be the next evolution of Sonic's platforming stages, I expected actual platforming, not just more biomes to explore for the sake of freedom or whatever.
Sooooo the circles are pokemon ranger? 😂
(Sigh) just fucking call it open world
1 hours
kinda sad the boost doesnt get faster with the leveling of speed
Hey are you going to do a side of salt series with mario+rabbids: Sparks of Hope and Bayonetta 3?
I think a lot of those points can be fixed in some patches, but only if they actually care enough to fix them, looks like a pretty decent game tho, definitely buying
E
4:17 IS THAT FUCKING MIRAGES VA???
Oh god seeing that speed was physical painful...HES THE BLUE BLUR AND NOT THE BLUE JOGGER  What I think is part of the speed problem is the boost itself, like take the speed stages in SA2 as an example, most of the Sonic and Shadow stages (screw Crazy Gadget) let you absolutly speed through the stages in one swift go with one or two small platforming sections, City Escape is basically build around just keeping your speed high with rings and other goodies without the need of a boost while Sky Rails has fast rail grinding sections mixed with small platforming challenges, you didnt need the boost back then because the game allowed you to pick speed up on your own and rewarded you for doing it (UNLESS ITS CRAZY GADGET WHERE ROBOTS JUST DROP RIGHT ONTO...SA2 is a great game but CRAZY GADGET CAN PISS OFF)  Frontiers feels to me like its a very pretty tech demo, like it looks good and there is something good there, but its just not finished yet. Its still better to have something decent than to have nothing, and given some time Im sure Frontiers will be able to fix the bad rep Forces left in its wake, and give Sonic the second wind he urgently needs
Still better than forces! 😂
i still think it doesn't look like a sonic game, Sonic looks like he was slapped on this game that was supposed to be for another franchise, plus the enemy designs clash really hard with, him. Also, that fucking voice, what the hell is that new voice.
Not sure what setting Scott chose, but if you choose the “action style” mode Sonic’s speed is slower than if you choose the “high speed style”. That may be why Scott says sonic feels slow
This game, is so close to making Sonic the Shonen protag his moden incarnation he is meant to be.
Thanks Scott
Played through the first map and a little over half of the second. I agree with the cyberspace complaint. Honestly, not too troubled with the weight, just the speed he can go. This is especially noted when you go from overworld boosting to cyberspace. It just feels jarring
Just thought about this while watching your very informative video, I was wondering why big game companys dont search out these modders who actually make any game 20x better visually and functionality to make future installments for a series, maybe then people will be willing to buy said titles because clearly there are modders with insane talent that should be paid for it and its just noble that some of them post the mods for free
tbh I'm just happy Sonic Team's being ambitious again
I hope this game encouraged Sega to take their time with their games  I wonder if the weird physics will be addressed in patches Might get the game just to encourage good behavior
Did you know that the adventure costume gives Sonic Tims
Sonic fans will call this an 9/10 game, because it manages to be a hair's breath better than the standard affair of half baked/recycled ideas.  Normal people will think this game is a 4/10
1:35 OH GOD NOT AGAIN
your icon isnt an octoling anymore :(
Gonna wait for mods to make this a completely new game
Oke but. What is the background music?
Surprised at the no Pokémon Ranger reference
this game looks like sonic in unreal engine 4
This game had to be out before Christmas everyone
This game feels like legend of Zelda breath of the wild but the protagonist is Sonic
5:10 Its a SEGA game. If a serious opem world crime drama has it, theres no reason speedy hedgehog open world wouldnt.
Switch version is likely weaker long term. However, the Steam version seems to have tons of issues.   Crashing in a menu. Un-optimized graphical options.   Ah well. Didn't have high hopes watching the combat in this game during showcases. Sad to see it hasn't improved much.
I think this is a good step forward, but that's all it is, a step. Like it does look a lot like a tech demo with things scattered with no reason behind it. Maybe it's just me, but the open spaces just look so empty and movement being fairly slow, it doesn't give me enough of a reason to try it...
Who's sonic?
This is looks like a low effort asset flip with a sonic main character than a AAA developed game
The stages aren't great but I've had fun running round the open world.
When i first saw this game about half a year ago, i thought it was a somewhat ambitious fan-game. Kinda neat for what it was, but that was about it.  I recently found out that it's *not,* and uhhh... yeah... I know releasing unfinished messes is normal nowadays (as sad as that is), but this literally just looks like a test-build...  Man, Sega just can't create anything good, can they...? Why do they even try at this point...?  I'm not a sonic fan. He's honestly never had a single good game and the few ones people do consider to be good are just good "for a sonic game"... He should've gotten three or four games total, and should've died off after that. I almost can't believe he's been kept alive for this long. Frankly, it's almost absurd... Sonic Utopia actually looks pretty neat though. I might try that, and it just goes to show that creators should be fans of the things they create. Otherwise they're just mindless workers... And the product may as well be *randomly generated* at that point...
Lol he stole the funni among us I'm sure with permission
I think its nuts that people are out there saying this is a god like game. I get everyone is subjected to their own opinion, but are we looking at the same thing?
I Wonder were you playing on Switch?
Wholly agree on the Forces feel to the cyberspace levels and that the Asura enemy can do one 😂
Boy am i happy this game isnt a dumpster fire.its funny how there's a higher chance the games are bad than good
I'm sure it's just a design choice, but with the inconsistent physics, my gut tells me that this game was probably... *rushed.*        Thank you, I'll be here all week. Like the heckler in the audience said, that's a warning. I'm not going to apologize, either.
Soooooooo what I'm hearing is.... Still no Chao garden... Sega why must you fail me so often.
I have a tie for favourite sonic games: Sonic Rush Adventure and Sonic Colors. They were both my childhood, and playing future sonic games just felt wrong due to the weight. Let me fly while boosting cowards.
This game tries to be realistic when it shouldn't and is unrealistic when it shouldn't be.  Realistic worlds aren't the best for Sonic's movement and require a lot of detail so they look good when you stop anywhere. This very design puts a lot of dev time into making things you will ignore constantly leading to floating platforms.  Meanwhile the floating platforms are not realistic in the same vein. The result of this is they are literally just ignoring physics and don't even have glow under them. They don't belong in a high detail world.  That Sonic fan game you kept mentioning keeps the Sonic worlds as Sonic worlds. A world designed for Sonic's movement. Green Hill zone is completely unnatural yet that is WHY it is fun to move Sonic around.   Frontiers is like what happens when you realize even with all the lore and excuses they give for shrines in Breath of the Wild many locations don't work. When that doesn't work and the story breaks you fall entirely onto game play and notice a lot of small holes.  Sure you might have fun but those things that bother you will always be there.  Why upgrade Health? Stamina upgrades are better and you only need health for combat... eat a Hearty Meal. Why fight? Aside from shrines, shops, and Divine Beasts there is no true rewards. Yes it is fun, but it sucks to be completely brought down by these things or even outright punished for fighting.   I do believe Sonic Frontiers would be a better game if not burdened by people not expecting things to go wrong. I also believe like BotW it would be a better game if it embrace the mechanics with positivity.  Small things that happen often can influence a game a lot. For worse and better.
I think the only thing interesting about this game is the fact all the characters are more mature
to be fair yeah, it's not that bad, tho the design of stuff like platforming segments is straight up unacceptable, like cmon, floting platforms and rails in the middle of gm_flatgrass
This seems better than I expected. Might check it out it goes on sale
I played sonic colors DS and sonic lost world 3DS. Colors is the tip of the iceberg that nothing can top it. Lost World is when I lost interest playing sonic games. Whenever I here about a new sonic game it ends of being bad or not as good, not from me but the community and other people. Frontiers gave me Sonic Boom vibes it’s fun but very laggy. Still sonic franchise good. (Colors better DS not new Colors).
I like watching Scotts opinion about a new big game and see if I should buy it or not, pretty helpful
Whos saying cyberspace isnt the worst part of the game?
Sega: *Hyping up Frontiers saying how it'll be the next great Sonic game and that they're listening to the fans* Pretty much everyone: Yeah it's alright
I'm enjoying the game, which is a first for me since generations and mania. The momentum really does feel weird though. I'm avoiding springs and rings to keep my speed up, and light dashing stopping you dead makes it a bit clunky. Also I've noticed that the time ratings seem a bit weird on some of the stages, level 2 took a dozen attempts or so for me to get an S rank, but every stage since then has been a clean sweep for all the keys.
Guys, did you get an email from scott about the tournament? I signed up for it and haven't received any feedback from him.
I’m kinda hoping that with the tone I’m seeing this game set up it acts as a sorta “conclusion” for this era of sonic Hoping in the next one they commit more to open zones if not completely focus on them, maybe change up some character designs and do a pseudo narrative reboot like they’ve done in the past A fresh start yah know?
You should spam cyloop on nothing to reach max rings if you feel too slow
Good video is good
Honestly, I'd rather his speed be something like Unleahed where he is fast but isn't uncontrollable unlike something along the lines of 06.
Most sonic fans/sonitubers are so negative on the game, but most casuals are actually enjoying the game.
OMORI FANART, NICE
This game is complete garbage 🗑 it’s like they weren’t even trying😑😑😑
Did anyone else notice a lot of recycled Sonic Generations stage design in the Cyberspace stages Scott showed? I don't mean recycled assets, I mean exact segment layouts copy-pasted. 0:46 this segment is what made me start to recognize this
nah im praying on sonics downfall. this cycle been going on for too long
Sonic Team needs to hire a real physicist to explain them how things work, they lack basics concepts of momentum and inertia...
What I don't understand about this game is why they didn't just focus entirely on the mechanic of running rings around enemies for combat. It's a cool idea with a lot of potential that fits really well for sonic thematically cause it could be fast, stylish and fun to control. If that was the central mechanic and it wasn't so sluggish this really coulda been something. Then again, "this really coulda been something" is what the franchise boils down to at the end of the day, isn't it.
Its not really a hot take to think that the cyberapace stages are the worst part xD
okay so like personally, i hate sonic when he has a ton of momentum. i hate spin dashing because i hate having to mash the button every few seconds to reach top speed. i hated sonic utopia too. i  know i'm in the minority who thinks this, but i just feel like i have no control over over sonic. i like the boost because i can more easily control when i reach top speed. It's simpler and i love it for that. when i hear he can stop on a dime, i just get more excited! no more readjusting when land on a platform because you were moving to fast, you know, in a sonic game. now we can just jump from platform to platform that just sound way more fun to me. but yeah mods will probably fix the momentum thing. that way we can all play how we want!
I seriously don't get the decition behind adding a boost button. The point of Sonic games was to EARN speed and get rewarded (i.e. with shortcuts or less deadly paths) for keeping a top speed while punishing you going slow... Now it's "hehe... press button to go speed".... It seriously sucks. Like, I like Sonic Adventures 2 a lot more since it has decent movement options and doesn't treat you like an absolute idiot that doesn't know how to go fast
Stop sonicr
WOW! they made a decent 3D Sonic Game! Good job Sonic Team! Game came out today so some of this stuff will HOPEFULLY be fixed.
6:20 you mean *fixing* games! 6:55 called it. buggy sonic game. old news
This is the Sonic game that I wanted to hear the least about. And this is why.
you can change the speed in options
Again, if anyone's gotten the sonic itch and wants to try something new, the Spark the Electric Jesters trilogy are excellent.
Gameplay wise, its rough, but its a huge step in the right direction. I think there were more sega shenanigans behind the screen that rushed this game and caused the physics to be.... the way they are.  But you didn't mention the other big thing, this has a story and its actually GOOD. When was the last sonic game that had a good story with the characters being in-character?
Personally I agree with a lot of what you say, I mean I haven't even played it but from all that I've seen... Yeah😅  As a person that pretty much just bought most Sonic games including even '06, I may wait on this one for a bit.
cyloop is just that circle thing from nights into dreams. remember that game?
Honestly, fan games are pretty much the only sonic games I get excited for
Sonic Moders remake their favorite games to make them fun
Playing PSO2 NGS, another Sega game, this looks like they took the empty spaces and recycled that idea with large enemies spaced out.
I haven't played much sonic, but as a kid I played a lot of sonic fan games, watched full playthroughs of mainline games and obviously loved the tv shows. To me sonic is best when he's old school cheezy and interacts a lot with his friends. Also, I hate boost
if there was a was to do momentum based sonic but it not be like classic sonic them I would be ok with removing boost pads and boost mercanics but I hate how classic sonic controls I feel like I can't get speed without being punished instantly cause I can't see I speed up right before a spike, wall or like of enemies
The weird thing about the Drop dash in Cyberspace is that it DOES have momentum, and it feels very similar to Classic sonic games, but for some reason if you hold down left/right on the control stick, it kinda just... breaks? If you just let go of the stick it mostly works really well!  It feels like it has Sonic 1 syndrome, where there was a speed cap on how fast you could run, which made stuff like the giant slopes in Spring yard really awkward.
The only Sonic game I’ve played is Sonic Colors on the DS. I was never able to beat it as a kid, but when I found out there was more to do after the final boss, it was just really cool.
Honestly I’ve been hoping for Sonic to get a win from a modern game and I think this solidifies as a win, is it perfect? Nope, but for what the standards are compared to previous entries it’s a major upgrade and step in the right direction.   The VA has been brilliant like the actors are really trying to do a good performance, the bosses are hype but the overall best thing from playing it and just my overall experience (so far) has to be the OST, they took the best thing they are known for and cranked it to the highest they could go it’s so good.  Overall I’d say a solid 7/10 it’s not perfect and has it’s issues but I’m having fun with it which if anything that’s what I should get from it.
It’s strange to see someone praising the open zone and disappointed with cyberspace one moment, like Scott, and then the next moment finding people who think it’s the other way around. I think overall the game has something for everyone
Maybe the Gameplay is slopy and buggy but is ok its there first time doing something like this and they did a good job
Momentum keeping would be lovely
Sheesh, even non-Sonic fans are realizing that Sonic should be interacting with slopes and hills in a fun and natural way. Seems like everyone is on the same page except contrarians on Twitter and Sonic Team themselves.
Honestly I never thought about it that way but Sonic just being fast w/o boost pads and designated go fast buttons might be what he actually needs, so the challenge is about keeping momentum and being stylish while doing it.  Kind of like how anyone can fight in DMC but it takes skill and practice to look sick while doing it.
I enjoy the game, however on pc its has a nice amount of bugs atm, such as scrolling in the menu for graphics CRASHES the game. But it runs very well even on low end systems (my laptop can get it working with over 30fps with just above the lowest settings). There were weird bugs in cyberspace were sonic just...stopped, for no reason he just decided to stop mid dash and stay still for 5 seconds. The game is enjoyable very much
are you sure sonic's being slow has nothing to do with your options?
I didn't find Cyberspace awful, but yeah, it is easily the weakest part of the game.
I feel like this game can be summed up with an AVGN clip I saw in Twitter:  "They did it....they actually did it. They made a game that isn't complete shit!" It's not gold, it might not even be silver but it's not complete shit" paraphrased of course.
I have only ever played the original sonic game. I am not old enough to have been alive when it was made but I’ve played it through emulation. And to me, this slow boost pad sonic looks like I would hate it. The fun of the only ever sonic game I played was getting momentum to speed through the levels.
So what your saying is that this is the Pokémon Arcues of the Sonic franchise
I feel like this game is a sign of good things to come for sonic but if they use the same physics and the weird boost pad stuff for the alleged sa3 imma riot.
The problem with move-fast games are that it’s hard to control that speed. You either gotta have sudden stops or slipperiness
Aaah I knew it, starting to compare fan games with this one
put spoilers or no spoilers in the title (havent watched it yet so dont know either)
Review the Official Sonic Roblox Game
1:33 Not this again
0:36 c'mon i walk faster after eating a couple chillidogs
The funny thing is you can tell they made this after looking at Spark 2 and 3's success in the indie scene. Like, seriously, if you want to play a GOOD Sonic game that isn't Sonic, play the Spark the Electric Jester series. Made by a SINGLE MADLAD.
I’m Sad that Crush 40 wasn’t in the OST
This game looks like fun and I thoroughly enjoyed hearing your thoughts, def seems like a fun times although I do agree that sonic should be far less limiting and far more free with it's movement and physics, I think it'd be cool if they prioritized that and built off of it
Of course the Sonic fans are good at modding games. They had to if they wanted a good game ( or a working game -Sonic 2006- ) for quite a while. Mario fans, however, don't have good modders because Papa Nintendo threw them in jail XD
I stopped liking sonic after SA2 tbh. I played Unleashed and Generations and they were kinda fun? Colors was meh. I miss the old style…
If they didn’t include a Chao Garden, it’s not worth it
I actually kinda like the cyberspace levels… sometimes… idk, I just like the excuse to speedrun.
For drop dashing in 2D cyberspace levels you’re supposed to let the analog stick go. For some reason the momentum of the drop dash is affected by the movement of your stick!
Looks like a dreams game :|
I gotta be honest Scott, this is the first time I really disagree with you. Granted, I didn’t play forces, or 3d world, or any of the “boost” era sonics, but I personally enjoy and have 100% all of the stages so far, and the movements feel better than ever to me. I also find the combat super enjoyable. I’m honestly surprised I even liked a sonic game, I really only got this sense I had about 70 dollars on my Xbox, and it’s a worth purchase. So, I am gonna have to take your side of salt, with a side of salt.
So sega released another unfinished game?
Getting S rank in the cyber zones it the most infuriating part IMO. I'm playing on switch and it for the most part doesn't feel that bad. The biggest problem i am finding is when in cyber zones it sometimes doesn't register button presses. I'll press jump or attack, and it just won't sometimes. I've also noticed that you stop boosting whenever you are off the ground. It is infuriating when trying to get s ranks.
i'm gonna get the game after Pokémon Violet
Oh sick someone did sweetheart cc
So does he know you can upgrade Sonics speed in the game?😂
I will be honest i don’t hear sonic at all but rather Kyle Crane from Dying Light
I feel like it's an untested/ unfinished game.... Again
Boost gameplay is usually fun, but I think the most fun I had, gameplay wise, was Lost World. Ironically a run button was what felt natural when we’re platforming in a 3D space. Merge that with Adventure style level design, and you could have fun running around and exploring the stages. And still have sections where boosting feels natural and not just to win the stage.  That would also allow for us to play as different characters that don’t boost. Boosting should feel like an optional mechanic not a necessity.  Ffs can we stop remaking Green Hill? It was fine for Generations and maybe even Mania to a certain extent, but EVERY game? We have this big open world and they still can’t make new original zones?
5:00 -5:05 I don’t know…..I think this game might as well be sonic adventure 3 considering the similar platforming gimmicks and concepts it has.
Well this is the laungh and its disend for now.i feel like the devs will listen and improve game as time progresses.
What’s the song used?
Seems like another Sonic tech demo that could be so much better if they expanded on the idea in a sequel. But knowing sonic team, that probably won't happen.
Play the game more, he'll start feeling progressively faster. Dum dum.
games and movies should have just one trailer. Having multiples trailers of anything is just annoying spoiler. That also should motivate and restrict developer of making one quality trailer instead of multiples.
Oh my god it's a pasable video game!!!!
I’ll be curious to see if they keep Ian Flynn on for future games cause wow, this story was really good. Definitely hope they begin to fix a lot of these bugs. Heard stuff about how Izuka had to fight for a delay, so I doubt they wouldve been able to get another year even if they tried.
"This sort of... *feels* ... like a fangame..." Scott stop insulting the fans, man. Those dudes make amazing shit.
I will never understand where sonic fans get their endless supply of copium and hopium, but I do hope they get their Mario Galaxy eventually.
Some say Sega still are rushing sonic team to make their games that's why some things got cut or were not fully finished
Just glad they kept Roger Craig Smith as sonic's voice.  He has a good voice for the sonic lines
based
If they do make a Sonic Adventure 3 they better do it right, that's all i'm saying
Hopefully there will be patches but also what if the cyber world cant fully encode sonics natural speed all the way? I feel like its a mix of maybe both bug and lore we havent really seen yet???
Someone mentioned an action mode, and a speed mode format. Don't do action ever. Great to see a sonic game not completely suck. Gotta go fast!
Why do you think they are setting up for another Adventure game? This would be great in my opinion.
i think sonic team has a really good idea, i hope we get some dlc for it to expand on it more and make it feel better while adding a lot more!
"Maybe there will be some mods to fix that"  Modern gaming in a nutshell sometimes
I like the sonic world and its characters but so far until they have a more solid idea of what they want there games to be I'm just guna wait till they release something that doesn't feel like they didn't know what to do with the IP. It's to bad they still haven't realized that one of the really fun mechanics of playing sonic games is going fast and feeling like your going fast. Imagine if car racing games didn't have wind or weather effects or buildings to show how fast your going and you can only go 25 MPH but the main tag line of you game is "Gotta go fast"!
This video was awesome! I love the insight on how Sonic controlled, the idea of a weighted Sonic intrigues me and I’m excited to try it out for myself on Saturday
As long I have fun playing the game then it’s good to me  If I don’t have fun then the game is bad to me
I'm pretty sure the creators have said in an IGN interview this game is the new direction for Sonic going forward, and that it will have a big influence on how they go about SA3, so yeah, Sonic Adventure is definitely being set up.
the 2 communities {and hopefully Sega} have realized that Sonic exists in Genre limbo.  the stages and mechanics aren't challenging enough to be a Celeste or Meatboy there has often too much platforming to be a Runner/Rhythm Game the Vertical Challenged Nature of Sonic doesn't hand him well to 2d platformers either  Open World and Action Combat are some of the few doors left.  but again, they didn't fully realise the idea.   Sonic's Speed with Open world sounds amazing, but it also means that the world would need to be massive by even open world standards, Sonic's Speed would allow for more empty space {as it feels smaller} but people at this point would notice if you could run from 1 edge to the opposite in a few mins. and if too fast is an issue just make it a toggle  i dunno why every fight system in a sonic game, breaks movement.  Speed is a weapon, just make his dashes and charges the attacks. the projectile is fine but make it more like passive damage while you're dodging.  it maybe a cop out, but Slow-mo is also an option
Great potential but not very accessible.
Scott’s feet are so sexy
Ngl I kinda wanna start playing sonic again now.
I change my mind now I think frontiers is mid in terms of gameplay
Sonic the road speed abiding hedgehog
Maybe I'm playing wrong, but I can't parry right. I tried just holding the parry button during the first titan fight and it didn't work, and I can't react fast enough to let go in time either. On top of that, the QTE during that fight is really unforgiving. I can't button mash fast enough. I only got to the next island because a friend helped and he said his hand was hurting after. I've been playing on the ps4 and easy mode too. Help pls for later titans?
1:07 starting to sound like the Pokemon motto...
"animation are pretty great"...are you sure about that?
Good thing I didn't buy it I knew this game was gonna flop
Seems like what Sonic team WANTED Sonic UNleashed to be. ITs certainly a step up from unleashed and Forces, but it seems not great, and that "Sonic feels heavy" quality is concerning because this is the second or third game in which it has appeared, and the ingame running and such animations look just.... meh, its clear they havent changed since unleashed/colors. EDIT: ALso I hate weighty sonic. Yeah he shouldnt be floaty but I find that have a character that feels heavy to control is AWFUL, especially if you want momentum, but I think if you go full platforming, having momentum sucks. (for example, Sonic Generations Speed Highway classic act's moving platforms are AWFUL, because classic sonic constantly slightly slides off.) Its a balancing act, and you need to decide between full complex platforming or more smooth momentum, without having boring or frustrating levels.
The only way to describe Forntiers is Missed Potential There is A LOT of stuff that, if done right, this could have made this game the best sonic game ever, but with all the issues this game had duing development and the terrible reception of the people... yeah i think a 7/10 is the best score this game could have
Game looks a lot better than the first trailer, although I'm still hesitant to pick it up. Sucks that the cyberspace levels were weirdly made cause the artstyle they have is really beautiful compared to the overworld. Yeah, I don't like the "realism" of the overworld. It just looks dull and without a sense of identity. Yeah, I mean games like Sonic Adventure seemed to have wanted "realism", but the end result felt like a cartoonish world perfect for Sonic. Especially cause of the Dreamcast's hardware at the time. This just feels like they dropped Sonic into real world looking areas and called it a day. Makes me miss the pop of classic sonic stages and the aesthetic of Sonic Adventure. Hell, even Lost World. I may give this game a try someday, but I'm not too sure.
oddly enough, i see some people say the opposite: The overworld is awkward to control and move around with, and the Cyberspace ones are fun repeatable bite-sized stages that test your ability to get through (and having seen someone go crazy trying to S Rank 1-2, that ability was tested lol)  ive yet to get the game cuz im waiting for christmas, but this widly different view of games makes me pretty excited and anxious to see how *i'd* feel on the game once i do get it
Bruh the fact that Sonic being able to just perfectly walk up slopes and walls without any resistance of gravity makes me laugh so much!  “Physics? Nah we don’t need those around here!”
It looks like it handles terribly, and literally ANYTHING is going to feel about 2 points better than it actually is after Forces.
I think it looking ugly as sin sadly is going to turn off a lot of people.
Honestly, this gives me Elden Ring vibes in the sense that yes, it is hyped, and yes, it looks extremely rough, but with polishing and a little TLC from the Devs, it'll definitely shine.  Given how there was so little changed or fixed up with previous Sonic titles, though, that's a huge ask. Closest thing we'll get to TLC is having the first letter replaced with a 'D', but I'll gladly slap down 5 smackeroos to play as our overhyped red n' black boy, our underappreciated future 'hog, and so on. (Granted they have at least a gimmick to them and aren't just blatant reskins.)
I've been saying the shit looks medicore and sonic fans been up my ass about it not being but literally EVERYTHING you pointed out as a flaw is what I've been worried about and thinking doesn't look great
Those open zone things remind me of bubsy 3d
IT CAME OUT YESTERDAY WHAT THE FUCK
im glad they tried something new  it looks kinda nice i might have to give it a try
Wait, is this a fully developed game made by real developers on a triple A company? Looks like a demo made by a fan.
yes
its actually not a bad sonic game. Loads better then forces. yeah you do tend to fight the game a lot when trying to perform dashes and such, but overall, its a really good game.
My only takeaway from this is sonic got a fishing mini game, 10/10 best game ever!
Here at 7,477 views.
This honestly reminded me of that one Sonic fan game that was shown off throughout its development using a sandbox setting. Players who got the demo were able to jump around the sandbox and interact with many obstacles and enemy types but at the end of the day, it was obvious it was just a playground set in an expanse with things placed in it. That's what this game feels like; a sandbox with things placed in it without too much thought about pacing, design, or worldbuilding.   Feel like someone opened a "Sonic the Hedgehog stagebuilder" and the game is just user downloaded stages from it.
I was expecting for ya to shit on the game but honestly this is kinda refreshing.
Question does the homing attack feel sluggish at some points because out of the videos I’ve seen it looks super slow sometimes
You had trouble with the Tower enemy, The Tower enemy is really fucking easy
tldr: Not bad but not the best, wait for a sale imo
Maybe it should be time you should let YouTube members talk in the server
1:21 this is the coldest take ive ever seen what are you talking about
I said the EXACT same thing when I watched the launch trailer! Like, holy COW, where was the person who made this trailer all those months ago when they first unveiled the game??? Clearly they got someone else in the director’s seat for this one, because DAMN, that trailer actually made me want to go and buy the game, lol
This map looks like it was brought over from jet island. Adding some rails
I think if it wasn’t for Green Hill being reused in this game, Forces, and Mania, I’d be down for an open zone game set on South Island since along with Sonic 1, Sonic 2 8-Bit, Chaos, and Blast took place there and I think it’d be fun to see how they’d connect the zones together like if Yellow Desert from Blast was in a remote area accessible through a tunnel in Green Hill or Underground for example.
6:55 "probably could've used another urine developpement"
Even if this game doesn't hit on all sixes, please do buy it. Sonic Frontiers is a good step in the right direction, and the reason it's better than normal is because it wasn't rushed out the door. We need to show them what we want and what we don't. Buy the game, give your reviews. The market can show Sega to give them more time.
It's also worthy mentioning you can absolutely break the game if you cyloop on the ground over and over. It doesn't just give you coins. It has a slight chance of dropping defense and attack seeds as well as hearts.
I've been saying this game is either gonna be a really good game, like one of the best, or one of the worst. And so far it's been much more of the good side
1:35 OH GOD SONIC 4 PTSD KILL IT WITH FIRE.
1:37 hehehe, sonic 4 episode 3
Honestly from what I've seen of it, its okay, but I'm just glad its no sonic 06.
i thought he was gonna talk about the funny indie game about depression.
"Collecting the collectables allows you to collect the collectibles for collecting the chaos emeralds" I don't know what he said but I'm convinced!
I was going to buy sonic frontiers but now I'm second guessing it, I do feel like open world is the way to go with sonic but it has to be fast, open and fun. if the game gets a update that makes it better then I might but it.
Just got an ad for frontiers on this video with “Don’t Stop Me Now” by Queen, huh
Let's hope the game gets some qol patches.... Fast 👈👈👀
I like how sonic is blue and thats the color for autism. Its also the saddest color
I am so trying to avoid any spoilers, and here everyone is talking about the game
You do know you can make his normal movement speed faster in the options menu right?
Some of the 3D cyber stages are redone/reskinned SA2 levels like City Escape and Radical Highway which is super cool.
So should I buy this game?
a new sonic adventure with the 30th anniversary symphony + crush 40 for the  soundtrack would be amazing.
good fun
Honestly, I wish they kept the opens on physics for the cyberspace levels (you’re right about the physics being different). Also, your hot take isn’t an uncommon one.
Aight Sonic sounds fuckin weird I am not used to deep voiced sonic.
I haven’t played the game yet, but just watching a video from ScottFalco makes the game look so much better
God after over a decade, sega still cant figure out that sonic should roll down hills...
One thing I heard about the general "speed" of sonic in frontiers is that there's a CONFIGURABLE top speed for sonic, for your gameplay did you play with the highest top speed?
Why would that be a hot take? The cyberspace levels sucked from the beginning, and yet people still loved them? 😅
"Sonic now stops on a dime" Luigi: Mario these hedgehogs stop on a dime
do sparks of hope with a side of salt
Its no Big's Big Adventure.
There are settings for some of the components presented in the video, still enjoyed the video alot and agree with the bosses with automation👍🏾
I love that part when Sonic says "It's dashing time" and dash all over the place truly the moment of all time
Nice to see the internet agree that Sonic Frontiers is somewhat decent of a video game.
I'm glad this game took the open world approach.
Haha funny splat man play game about fast hedgehog
COOOOL
What the f is a Sonic?
Yooooooo :D
Oh boy, a sonic
first
SONCIC TIEM
Somnic
maggot
First
