Dan still unable to come and film due to travel restrictions. As you know he's been working for several months on digging a tunnel between the UK and Texas. Progress is going well. Some fishing ships have claimed to see a small Dan sized lump under the ocean a few hundred miles off the east coast of the USA .
You could be the movie actor for Quagmire in the Family Guy.❤
I’m still waiting for someone to post a slowmo vid of the ceramic piece hitting it rather than the metal piece. Might as well throw a hammer at it 🤷🏻‍♂️
Brilliant video Gav
Commenting from over 3 years in the future,  next time you do glass of any manageable size, you should light it by putting LEDs in a frame so that it's lit across the plane for consistent contrast and better exposure! Run them along the horizontal axis under and above the pane so it is lit constantly.
How though. Like 1 million photos in 1 second? That’s insane.
At 1:38 I just noticed there’s a bit on his monitor that says several times over, “Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more.”
True story: Hucking spark plugs at the windows of passing cars was a favorite pastime of G. Gordon Liddy of Watergate fame.
Fantastic slo mo guys!!!
That could be used as a cool practical effect in a sci fi movie. Space ship shattering dimensions or something
There's a device that many law enforcement types carry these days for breaking car glass, that's small but extremely effective. I don't know what it's called but it's similar to spiky ball bearing. It fits easily in a pocket, doesn't need to be hurled with great force or velocity, and virtually guarantees a break every time. If you plan to break a lot of auto glass, you might want to look into obtaining a few.
I'm surprised he wasn't more worried about the ceramic bouncing off and annihilating the lens
This is satisfying 😊
Wish he didn’t throw it so hard
I like how you spelled out thanks for watching in the dust on the last one🎉😂
Idea: break ur own lens that's attached to the camera in slow-mo?
Put the video in the slowest setting 0.25 and watch it when it hits the glass your welcome
Most people wouldn't see the humour in 'what has ever been made'
3:00 watch in 0.25x gav and listen gav moaning
Gav likes crack
Who’s here from TikTok💀after watching someone causing traffic
Between 2:45 till 3:30 it was pure beauty. That beautiful video, that calming music and even your voice, explaining something fit in quite nicely.
this camera is a masterpiece. like this chanell
beautiful.
I want 2 minutes and 20 seconds of my life back.
a slingshot would probably be a better way to project the tile... and an interesting experiment for glass or water is do the ripples / fractures travel faster if the projectile impacts at a faster speed.
Two years later, and he still doesn’t have a new phantom camera. He would think after two years they would have developed a new one.
The big bang
You DEFINITELY AREN'T talking to Mark Rober... Right? 🧐😅🤣 jkjkjk... or AM I?!🧐...🤣 Yeah I am.
Why is it only the height that affects the frame rate? Is it to do with the direction that the shutter moves?
"damn i forgot to press the rec button"
Gav you've captured light propagating thru broken glass in this vid and it's absolutely glorious.   2:44 - 2:53 moving south from the impact sight 😍😍
Its not the edges its that the ceramic is charged. A quick google search or basic knowledge will suffice
I was looking for an explanation for why ceramic fragments of broken spark plugs break glass. He didn't really break down the science that well, but at least he was wearing a lab coat so that's cool. I do generally understand now That it's all about creating enough force From the throw to provide enough pressure to break the glass Which happens because the porcelain is very hard and fragments into very fine points when shattered.
You guys have come a long way from throwing lighters on the ground 👍 I do enjoy the older videos
When breaking into a car or house, hit the corner of the window.  It works.
5:33 styropyro reference
2:18  OMG 🤦‍♂️. He has like some glass breaking curse or something !  I’ve never seen plug chip fail thrown that hard 😂
Your Phantom 7510 looks like a small welder with a camera lens, speaking of welders, I'm not entirely sure if you Slo Mo Guys have done any thing with welders but I think it would be cool to see the weld arc in slo mo....
Step Brother : I just touched her.  The Touch : 3:03
The question is: is there an order to the path the crack follows? Or is it just random ?
The speed at which glass cracks is absurdly fast.....
why they still using "Flimed" like we still using 90's kodak film..  Kodak Professional Portra 400 Color Negative Film (35mm Roll Film, 36 Exposures, 5-Pack)
Any country that allows immigrants should make it clear that if you don’t support their values and laws as they are then you’re not welcome. France is just one of many countries that will be dealing with despicable and criminal immigrants who have absolutely no respect for the country that brought them in. I’ve seen stories about people who were born after raised in France and who have lived in a small town their entire lives and are now afraid to go to the store because mostly Muslim men have come in and made them feel unsafe and constantly harass them especially women. Don’t come to my country and then demand that we change everything to your liking. If you don’t like our culture and society then stay the fu** out.
dropped a plate in the kitchen as a kid and my oven door exploded.
😳
3:03
Can someone please tell me where they got this sound? 2:56-3:03
Glass seems to break like water balloons... even faster some how though.
We're really getting into quantum time here. That last shot reminds me of the Matrix scene with the chopper hitting the side of the building. The glass actually ripples before it shatters.
How much memory does that require for 80 thousand FPS at 720p? That must be insane!!
WOW!!!
7:45 no one talking about the AR15
slow mo
Glass cutting boards are a vile abomination. Think of your knives cutting edges for gods sake!
Just a 100kcam
What about a spark plug functioning at high speed ? Maybe too boring ?
Imagine the size of just 2 seconds of footage shot on that thing at 1m FPS 😅😅(must be like, 1 petabyte per sec)
You should have the ceramic swing on a pendulum so that you can control its contact point and always have it in frame.
A hundred years ago this would be considered time travel.
airguns?
I want to see the circle growing gradually over several minutes.
4 million frames is the equivalent of 46 hours of standard 24fps movie!  The propagation takes ~300µs, assuming it's going 150mm in each direction, that's a propagation speed of 500m/s, 1800km/h, or 1120mph.
Despite the number of these that I've watched, my brain momentarily shut down, and I was reading the "FPS" here as "feet per second," rather than frames per second. And I was wondering how you got a spark plug to travel that fast. Which is faster than light. And then finally the light reached my brain....
oh my God!
All you need is a small piece. Tools 9f the trade.
I used to ride motorcycles with some guys that glued “ninja rocks” to the knuckles of their gloves because car drivers in our area are idiots. 😅
am i the only one puting slow mo in the yotobe setungs?
😮
Can you go slower??
You are so close to summoning Stone Cold.
Good thing it didn't bounce back into the lense lol!! Nice vid!! :D
I would like to see a wound turned scab peroxyde bubbling followed by rapid time lapse of wound becoming a scab than healing
Can u play a bullet traveling into a person head in slowmo
Why didn't we calculate the speed of those cracks? Cmon guys!
what is the meters per second that the crack travels? it's got to be above the speed of sound.
Try to put the video on 0.25 speed 😀
@How much Your Camera Cost sir Please Revel Secret 🙏🙏🙏🙏
0.25 looks insane
5:56 This looks like an intro of a Lego Game 😂
Sooooooo satisfying
@The Slow Mo Guys  Try a silicon wafer plate, pure and processed, and enjoy the differences. Greetings from Italy.
0:19 what video is this? Legit can not find it
upload in 1440p 160 frames or something.. your videos are 800k FPS give us a little more than 60 on the ulpoad
тот самый гений который смотрит это видео со скоростью 0.25
Хуита
6667th comment
You should start recording time lapse videos too :) Who agrees ?
That means 800,000 Photos in 1 second 🤯 Imagine size of 1 Sec video 👀
1080p 50
хуета переделывай
well i just slowed it down further using just shift key
Never thought that breaks in glass could travel so fast, it boggles my mind
We will be changed in a blinking of an eye
DSG TECHNOLOGIES. If they're not already gobbled up into darpa secrecy.  true underwater bullets
Love from India ❤️❤️
Stupid 🤣🤣🤣
I did this in walking dead.
2:25 😜
Os noias de são paulo estão usando esse método pra roubar celulares dos carros
Am I the only one 1:44          The protective film
It's still SO FAST is exactly right!
😫
Can you film Dan getting run over by a car in 800k frames a second ?
GAVIN!.. GAVIN!!, HAS ANYONE SEEN GAVIN?! ohh im so worried.
Me watching video at 0.25 speed
ok, tbh the shots made with the exposure turned down makes for very cinematic shots
Beautiful!
Where can I get that camera?
What speed of data transmission occurs when the initial break tells the rest of the glass..."we're broken"
*The slow motion guys*:800,000 FPS  *Me with intel graphics getting 16 FPS at best*: this is fine
Imagine one day we make a camera that records at the speed of light... will just be a photograph then? or like a 10 million hour video
Feels like everything in the universe is somehow a circle and travels in circles be it glass or water... any simple explanation anyone can give me on this.
3:03 BIG BANG THEORY
can you slow the speed of light 🙂
was he showing us slow mo or how to steal a car lol
That last one was so amazing how it landed in just froze for a minute before it even started the break. It just looks so strange at that speed almost looks fake so cool. So awesome
I'm sorry, but does that camera have a...cooling fan on it?
The sledge hammer bouncing off the window is something I have seen in person. A friend of mine explained it as an intended feature of safety glass. It's designed to take straight-on blunt collisions. But, if you chip it with some like the chipped edges of a ceramic spark plug, the jagged edge is able to slip into the "lattice" of the safety glass and cause a chain reaction that causes it to break away. Protect in most collisions, but give way when you need to pull someone out of a burning wreck.
Covid was such a farce.  It was a test to see how submissive we are to our governments and it is embarrassing to say the least.  NEVER AGAIN.
1:09 this is exatly how I feel
It's like my commercial porcelain the shape of a finger, it holds over 400 KG end to end, but if you drop it it shatters on the tiles. yet I could not break it in half. petrified as it is waterproof even without Glazing it.  it even had a 4 mm hole true the length of it.
who came here after the video of throwing Spark Plug pieces on the iPhone 14 pro
I think glass crack is faster than speed of light
Looks like a Toyota Yaris door
It takes a real hard pitch to shatter a window, it's possible to shatter a window with a tiny shard that's around half a square centimetre. It takes a powerful throw close to the window, I actually shattered a flat back windscreen with a decent sized shard, car thieves tie them to a shoelace so they can swing them and not loose them! Kinda hard to charge someone with having break & enter tools when they have a tiny piece of porcelain
I gotta say, I love the ambient music y’all use in your super slowed footage.
crazy how fast it is
Tempered glass is very weak to sharp objects
First it's porcelaine, nothing about ceramic
I'm amazed how perfectly level that last pane landed on the floor
This is exactly what I wanted to see 🙏
so how fast is the propagation in mph?
WHOOOOWWHH!!!😃 Seeing that last cutting board break was amazing! I didn’t know a whole shock wave traveled from bottom to top and then back down again before cracks began. It looked like Gell-O 😄 How cool👍🙂
What speed does the cracks travel at?
You guys ever think to calculate the speed with which the cracks move through the glass?
Hahaha! Jeez Gav ... whenever someone told you that you can break a car window with a spark plug what they meant was that you can break a car window with _the ceramic_ from a spark plug. LOL You don't throw the whole hoofin' spark plug through the window! The plug is just a source of ceramic is all. Do this one again please ... take a spark plug, smash the ceramic on it, tie a little piece of the ceramic onto a string and then swing that little piece at toughened glass - when one of the sharp corners/sharp edges of the ceramic catches the glass just right the glass should shatter completely without caving in. It'll shatter but it'll hold it's shape & won't move and it'll barely make a sound - you'll hear the crack but you won't hear glass falling down. It's kinda cool when you get it right.
Drop your YouTube playback speed to .25 to see this even slower at 3:03 My biggest fear was the plug pieces would ricochet off the window and head straight for the camera lens. 😳😭
incredible content keep it up!
Fallout 4 sounds
This video's definitely been fun to watch, though I'm genuinely impressed at how powerful a tiny chip of a spark plug can be!
≈ 0.45 × escape velocity from the Milky Way ( 494 to 596 km/s )   ≈ 0.54 × typical speed of the solar wind ( ≈ 450000 m/s )   ≈ 2 × electron saturation drift velocity in high-quality silicon at room temperature ( ≈ 1×10^7 cm/s )
The spark plug bits don't go through police car windows
I’m no rocket scientist but how about filming the video recording to produce a greater slow motion video🧐
The fact that glass shattering at half a million frames looks like a *sped up* crystalisation process is insane
8:04 my new walpaper
What about a fox’s glacier mint versus glass 😬
3:23 You know, for something being destroyed, that's absolutely beautiful. Almost as pretty as blue or purple fire 😄😊🥰 7:11 that's almost the rate at which Quicksilver sees 😯😛 Can you do this with Blue Ice please. Like, where they film those gorgeous but also eerie sounds of ice sort of singing, as if it's giving out alien sonar pulses: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qd-CwJa1SHE
Here's an idea for a RNG. Pick one crack on the image and follow it, assigning X and Y coords which could be seed values.
It would be interesting to see the speed of glass breaking compared to a bullet being fired.
1.21 JIGAWATTS OF FRAMES PER SECOND!?!??! GREAT SCOTT!
love the half second shoutout at 8:56! lol
for all the rdr2 fans: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqoKru5szCY
Wow, super fascinating that the horizontal lines form first actually, before the vertical lines do, and apparently, the structural integrity almost seems like okay-ish right up until those vertical fault lines manifest.
Who made this car?! *Will Smith evil laugh*
3:03 here the frame rate of earth dropped a little
What else have you recorded with that thing 🤔🤔
At 3:03 flipping between the frames where the spark plug impacts, you can see that while the plug itself moves across less than a full pixel, the cracks in the glass are already propagating so fast that the latter frame they're already about the width of the plug away from the point of impact. It never ceases to astound me how fast glass breaks, it's mesmerising and mind boggling in such a beautiful way.  Edit: to put it into numbers, between 6:09 and 6:13 the crack moves from about 2/3rds of the way across the frame at 12:10:12.822308.86 to the left edge at 12:10:12.822504.86, meaning it propagated across that distance (which looks to be a few cm) over the span of 296μs, or about 67-100 times faster than chemical signals racing through your neurons to process sensory information (which takes about 20-30ms). In other words, the time between the first photons carrying information about the fact that a large pane of glass is breaking hitting your retina and your brain having turned that into a single frame image, the crack will have advanced by at least 30 meters - and that is before you've started thinking about what that new information means. Granted, the paper I found doesn't specify what kind of glass they used, but at room temperature the speeds at which most kinds of glass break aren't going to be significantly different.  Sources: _Glass-fracture velocity_ by F. E. Barstow and H. E. Edgerton ( https://ceramics.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/j.1151-2916.1939.tb19471.x ) _How fast is the speed of thought?_ by Martin J. Tovée ( https://www.science.smith.edu/departments/neurosci/courses/bio330/pdf/94CurrBiolTovee.pdf )
No one explains why it works tho.
Failed with a sledge hammer. My fist broke one before easily with just my arm in it. Got cut still. How strong are windows?
me: its 3am i need to sleep my brain:
Strange How the Glass Seems to 'Explode' as it Shatters, as if it Wants to be Apart
I would love to see him capture lightning again, but now with this phantom
It’s faster than light 😂😂😂
Just one Slow Mo guy
This is the effect the Wachowski brothers wanted with the helicopter crash into the building on Matrix 1, but they only had 120 & 500 fps film cameras. Explosive delays simulated the effect. Please don't ask me how I know this..just please trust me
2:30
so what is the real speed of the crackling wave in Km / h ?
3:03
Me watching in 50fps :
Same speed as an airbag deployment? 🤔
Why does the ceramic crack the window like that so easily?
Remember ?  The walking dead season 01
Just in case im driving at 800,000 feet per second and someones spark plug comes loose and hits my windshield
Does this mean that sharp piece of ceramic can break any standard tempered glass?
7:43 you know when someone is in the usa when theres an assault rifle on he floor
now 144 fps in games doesn't seem so big)
I know this is a late comment to the video, but a few years ago, I was helping some friends film a movie, and we had a car-window break scene with the driver's side door, guy hitting it with a baseball bat. We told the actor several times to be prepared to swing several times because they really don't break that easily.  First shot....explodes like a gunshot. He was sol caught off guard, we had to tell him to keep going with the scene because he was prepared to swing more than once.
You should point that camera at the sky. With the 80,000 frame rate you should be able to see the UFOs that appear invisible to us
Ive missed dan a lot, but these gav solo videos really scratch an itch in my brain lol
I watched it at 0.25x speed watching the slow motion in slow motion im the slow mo guy
wow
my camera can film at 30 fps
Thanks for this valuable tips now i will break glass like this
So why isn't there a camera that can do 10M fps at 4k? Or 1600 synched cameras in a 40x40 grid each doing 96x54p/10M? Just carry a server rack or 2 of Raid0 SSD's with you for storage. Use that to film lightning. At 10M a lightning strike would still take half an hour and even the return stroke would still take a couple seconds from ground to cloud even though it's moving at 1/3 the speed of light.
6:55 best moment
Watching on custom speed at 0.25 x 😎
I'm just trying to imagine being in a position where I could say that I've been waiting for an incredibly expensive piece of technology to be invented because I expected that I would get it for free.
Go to 3:00 and play with 0.25x speed. Craziest sound you have ever heard!
Please make the video with bullet proof glass
Vela
Prince Rupert drop at 800k
3:54 I actually nodded 😂
Imagine resampling it LOL. Its gonna be sooo smooth
Lol my pc cant even handle this much fps 😂
The only number  as high as the possible fps on that thing is the pricetag… i dont even wana look
Best wallpaper 3:15
it’s actually better if you break the spark plug itself and then use on of the smaller pieces to break the window
Watching this slo mo video in 0.25× speed is even better lol
Can you record it under the microscopic level? That would see how the material break in more detail and might reveal some of the secret
Me seeing in .25 speed and looks awesome.
Cual es el precio de esa cámara ? :0
800k is not enough. to test reality, for the subject of the matrix
😀cool👍
People on phones only see 0.0075% of 800,000 fps
3:03 wow i don't what i feel is! What a satisfied scene!
what is the max possible frame rate?
Then I play it on 0.25 speed to get the maximum effect ;)
1M fps VS ammo sniper 1M fps VS TNT 999B fps VS speed light💀😂
Скорость стекла
Beautiful! 😍
Legends watching this video on 144p🐸
60-80k camera 😳
Tempered glass edges can actually be pretty strong. They're only weak in comparison to their surfaces. Safety glass - like for car doors - has rounded edges that are meant to break when the door changes shape. I've seen a 12mm thick shower door take dozens of swings on the edges from  crowbars and hammers. Pretty wild.
film a lighter thats bein lit up
#NOKIA
Iam slowmotion this slowmotion. That so good
I think the most I learned from this is you can break glass with a spark plug
Mind blowing
So this is what my phone goes through.
I realised I am watching it second time only when I saw  that the video is already liked  🙃
A perfect impact can shatter it with hardly no force into the throw its crazy
bullet versus my ex-wife's forehead at 500,000 fps
I set this video to 0.25 and watched it 13 times slower, nah mean?!
WHERE IS DDAN
*02:57** 3280x plus 0,25x by youtube* 🥱
Try to get Putin's nuke at 1M FPS.
even in 2500 fps it cracked instantly
you make em,we'll watch em.
7:57 that vibrations was damm perfect no words for that how it make me happy and satisfied
You should have slapped the window. Slapping is so powerful, it can shake the foundations of the world and gain everyone's attention.
かっけぇぇぇぇえって！！ すごい....ガラスが割れるだけでこんなにすごいことが起きていたなんて... 音はさすがに聞き取りやすいぐらいにしか落としてなさそうだなぁ
You obviously don't know that the point of the spark plug is what cracks a car window.
The moment you think to watch the slow mo footage in 0.25 speed😂
8:36 seeing gav be "violent" is truly frightening
Wonder how much advertising this guy had brought phantom by simply doing what’s he’s doing
Would love to see a Prince Rupert’s Drop explosion in slo mo
imagine being a flash and seeing these kind of stuffs is ur daily phenomenon
stfu who got a 800K fps monitor
its been used commonly as a prop to steal a car.
800,000 FPS but i can only see in 60FPS.
What does that translate to in terms of the velocity of the propagation of the crack?
@smartereveryday and @theslowmoguys please calculate the MPH or FPS of the glass cracking!  Also, are there materials that crack faster than others?  Tempered vs regular?  And why….GO!
Who was watched this at 0.25 speed XDDD the sounds of the monsters add more dramatism XDDD
Hey, i habe an idea for making the point of impact more precise and have it more in frame: use a board in a V shape / tube and then sling the spark plug piece with a simple rubberband - kind of like a gun if you want …. Know what I mean ?  Anyways …. AWESOME video, very impressive to see a glass crack in such way !!
the owner of that stolen car door ain't gonna be happy
0.25 hiza aliyorum 3.2milyon fps oluyor harika xD
Watching this in 0.25 speed.
How much fps you can push that phantom camera, like at 128x128p?
It can still go x.25 slower too XD
this frame rate is what i need my airsoft gun shooting at
Drop lit it on the floor was cool
Next time put some measuring instruments (tape measure etc.) and we can measure the speed it travels. :) Good video btw.
i always wondrr how much memory does it take up. Like you shoot a 1 second clip with this bew fantom lowest grafics on 800k fps and takes up more memory than a game
I’ve never seen a camera with a cooling fan before. That’s cool.
if u look at 3:03 right after it hits the car window with the lights coming out from the impact and literally its like breaking into another dimension
cool.
Dude, that was cool!
how fast is that glass breaking
u can slow it doesn more in youtube
So, you're still finding glass around your shop from this? Usually car thieves use a handful of those ceramic pieces by the way, not just one 😄
Imagine this much fps for games
It’s crazy even in that slow the glass crack is still crazy fast
The speed of that camera is absolutely amazing, just incredible
Slowmo starts at 6:51
That fragment is way to big id say less than a third smaller .You just have to throw it harder ..but the smaller the piece it doesn't smash the glass it just pops ,and its a lot quieter
800,000FPS?!?!? what i need a pc with that fps
The speed of crack seems closer to thw light speed. And the way the glass just stop in the time before go in pieces... just crazy.
Ii
So if you bought 3 more of these cameras and perfectly line them up you could theoretically edit all the shots together to have a normal height video at that many fps
He talks about failing to break a car window but can successfully dismember the patient in surgeon simulator
me slowing this video down 8)
5:13 a glass cutting board. What a terrible idea. How am I supposed to beat my meat on this? Like, what if I miss- and it shatters?
Cool! I didn't know just the shard from a plug would do it!
Very inposebole camera
He's lovin the Phantom
That chunky piece made a big difference 😂🤣
How much storage you used
Is anyone able to calculate the speed of the travel of the crack moving through the glass please?
I watched it 80000x slower with the 0.25 multiplier and it is super fun
More than any other video, I think that this video made me appreciate how doing this kind of slow mo is an ultra-specialized skill. Like, how do you make sure that you film what you want when you only have a few nanoseconds of exposure?
No way that’s my birthday dude
Use a slingshot
0:24 Not Elon Musk lol
Shockwaves will be so cool!👍
What the F
2:31
Where did the test subje- uhh, I mean Dan, go?
I put this on the slowest playback setting in my youtube settings for a even slower bada$$ experience lol.
The 500,000fps video looks like cg, thats epic
This video is awseome idk how much this camera costs but its sure more than it would cost to ducking clean the glass you break
1:09 bro really went 👀
きれいだなぁ
7:46 why does he have a gun in the box on the floor
Double unskippable 15 second ads? unsubbed.
Is the sound of the glass breaking actually the recorded sound or just added for effect. Just wondering because that seems just as incredible as the video if so.
0:19 who made this car?   Shoulda had a picture of Chris Rock in the seat
How many mph does glass break at?
When did Gavin get an American accent?
While the Shaolin Monks have mastered the art of throwing a needle through glass, Gav has mastered the art of throwing a spark plug through glass
Did he think about putting a protective shield in front of the $80k camera lense?
Me playing this at 0.25 speed😼
Mfers invest thousands into cameras when all you gotta do is slow the video down to x0.25 speed smh
the thanks for watching at the end on the glass gave me strong mythbuster vibes
And how fast are the cracks getting bigger now?
as a kid id watch these videos in absolute AWE, im now 21 and these are still beautiful and make me wanna cry a bit.
I think you need to catch a lightning strike and slow it down as much as you can.
It would have sucked if the ceramic would have bounced off and broke the camera lense on the high speed
People usually fired a piece with an elastic band
That is crazy fast. It's almost instantaneous. I'd be curious about the mps those cracks travel.
Amazingly you can use even smaller pieces or ceramic to break windows. Ive done it with a piece smaller than a beach pepple.
I've always wondered what a slow motion video of a spark plug going through a window looks like. I can die happy now... SHEESH!
Wow, this machine is insane, could be worth revisiting some of the older experiments with it.
I just wonder how many Gigabytes it takes per second to record that. I remember when Linus build a custom server, Gavin said h will fill it up in 2 months or so. I can only imagine something like this recording million of frames will be in the north of a terabyte per shot.
The trick is that the cracks are already there.
show a camera flash ignition
7:56 The way it just stops and slows down gives me massive final boss vibes
Wat's the music every time something is played slow on this channel?  It sounds like something from one of the Civilisation Space games.
Any possible way you could film the firing and impact of an aug-8 avenger cannon firing with that camera? Aug-8 the rotary cannon from the a-10 warthog 30mm 3,900 rounds per minute.
Would love for you to take this camera to Singapore and film some more lightning strikes
When we were young and dumb we would use a sling shot you can use a much smaller chunk then and it will shatter the glass without dropping it making all the noise it was an old school trick car thieves would use
800k FPS absolutely insane!
Incredible!
what is faster the glass break or sound?
💯
FPS is Feet Per Second i.e Muzzle Velocity.......... Frames........ Honestly 🙄
Did you calculate a meters per second speed for how fast the cracks spread?
This one's hard to appreciate on a cracked phone
I hit my rear window on my jeep with the hedge trimmer and it was the same thing… just way faster…
I cannot even image how much space a video filmed with 80 000 fps has to take up, even if it's just couple of seconds.
Amazing and Marvelous
It would have been awesome to see the spark plug bounce back to the camera lens
it's at the rate of sound!
Can jou trie de speed of a ligtnig
3:06 Listen at 0.25x speed and let your imagination run.
Next time use that 100000 Lumens Torch light to light up the target
How fast are the cracks traveling exactly? Must be in the thousand of metres per second.
Probably should of just had Will Smith slap the car window for you when you were having trouble with the sledgehammer.. Though where you could of gotten a window sized picture of Chris Rock's face, I don't know.
Alert >>  8:20  <<  Back right of screen., Tiki Torch in his shop.  It sends a bad message.  No room for oppression in todays world.     Respect.
Assuming I did the math right, with 2.2 seconds of shooting footage and 145 frames in which the glass is cracking whatever size of glass that was finished shattering in 79750 nanoseconds (0.00007975 seconds). If we had the dimensions of the glass sheet I'd love to see somebody calculate what speed the glass is shattering at.
Can anyone tell me the speed the cracks move at? mph?
We need a "how the camera works" video... is it a rotating sensor or a scan line count that enables the constant width, variable height impact on frame rate?
3:07 I'm used to hearing both of them go: whoaaaaaaa.  It was just kinda quiet.
14.2 million subscribers, and enough still isn't enough.  I guess that why shilling was named after a type of currency.
0:18 If Will Smith had slapped the window, it would have just broke.
what speed in mph did the crack travel?
1.75 million frames per second. Think about that
Love how you built a career on this alone.
So yes it can record at 1.75 million fps but you can't see anything happening so what's the point? Waste of $150k+ imo.
Wow, amazing.  To get a taller shot, couldn't you use multiple cameras stacked on top/bottom of each other, then stitch the video together in post?
Not impressed. The thin window or not slowing and repeating the last shot.
That’s mind blowing! 😍😍😍
I do really love hear glass breaking in slow motion
Got in a car accident one time and saw the windshield spider web in slow motion because of the adrenaline fight/flight response.   Didn’t realize the human brain could function that quickly.
Now using the camera to play back, follow each piece and put it back together like a puzzle.
gav doing 800000 fps and me watching the video at 0.25 = brains
Awsome
Hm. So how fast do the cracks travel? I mean like 6000 m/s or something?
7:58 Lol I originally thought the message on the glass was "Thanks for Nothing" like it was complaining about falling, it instead says "Thanks for Watching" in which case, Gavin it was my Pleasure :D
Anyone else rewatch the slowed bits at 0.25 playback speed?
Then how fast the crack propagate?
I don't understand how you are able to record sounds in such slow speeds. Won't the vibrations that you hear be much above the audible range ? Are these sounds from those higher frequencies ?
Hey B&H PHOTO, do you have THIS camera in stock?
I heard that those porcelain pieces are called "Ninja Rocks". I met a guy with some in his wallet. I had a junk car, and i didn't believe that something that looked like a fingernail clipping, thrown by hand could shatter an automobile window. He proved me WRONG 😕.
That phantom sounds like a ps4
You should max out that new camera and play with lasers.
watching at 0.25 playback speed 👍
Curious what that pellet rifle is for..
why can't i see the date of the video?
the cracks propagate directionally across the glass at ≈21,000 m/s. That's almost 60x as fast as a 9mm bullet. If you filmed a bullet cracking the glass, the glass would crack and the bullet would seem to be frozen in the air.
Why 50fps?
Several things like this is really Awesome!!!
I dare you to catch the very first crack.
Gavin Hello! How much did that new camera cost you?
please do prince Rupert's drop inside epoxy resin with the new phantom!!!
For anyone who is wondering what 1.7 million frames per second is when stretched into a 60fps video: that's 7.87 hours (7 hours, 52 minutes) of footage from a single second of filming.(assuming I did my math right)
When are you going to mark the glas with millimeters and meassure the speed of the crack propagation by counting frames? Isn't that the obvious thing everyone wants to know?
So many questions.  Do the fractures radiate out at the speed of sound? What's happening with the pause before it shatters, are shockwaves bouncing back and forth inside the glass? When the pane has finished cracking why is there a pause before it explodes and when it does why does it explode outwards in all directions when the force applied to it was at the bottom from contacting the floor?
has anyone done the maths on the speed of the cracks? must be insanely fast
I don't know why I was thinking this but what happens if you look at slow Mo video and slow down the video
I have never heard a more perfect way to describe how just insanely fast cracking glass is. 'this camera just took 4 Million pictures, the glass is cracking in 145 of them'. REALLY puts it into perspective
At what point do we get down to femtoseconds and quantum mechanics become involved? Planck time? Shortest measurement of time possible?
The sounds do a lot
Please do two bullets hitting each other.. Or better, two cannon balls shot at each other  :)
I am playing the video from 7:58 in 1/4 yt speed and I’m listening the sound whitch is like from another world. 😯
So, a little over 1.21 Gigawatts.
where is dan
Can someone do the math to show exactly how fast that break traveled through the glass. We gotta be talking astronomical speeds.
I just watched an old video when you guys started geeking out over 175000 fps , and here we are at 1.75 million 6 years later
wrg, say, do any nmw and any s perfx
In fact, glass cracks at the speed of sound IN GLASS, which is way faster than it is in air or even water
Керамикой пользуются грабители автомобилей...
It's not the whole sparkplug it's the metal pin in the middle
HAHA this was great, I even love the snip-in shout out to "SmarterEveryDay"
Watch with 0.25x 😅😅😎😎
So, is it “top drawer” or “top draw”?
Brilliant
The wild part of the last one to me is how little of the glass bounced back up you can see the kinetic energy almost entirely get transferred from the downward movement of the glass into the shattering of the glass
Love it!
Helo
Who else slows down the play speed to watch it even slower
Actually has nothing to do with how sharp ceramic is it actually has to do with the density of ceramic it's density displaces the glass that's why the bigger chunk went through easier
Very excited to see this awesome video and the detail you captured. Thank you
I'm used to dealing with nanoseconds, because i like to play around with micro-optimizations in C, but i've never really appreciated how insanely small the scale is, until now. Thanks, Gav.
They don’t post enough anymore idk why
A jagged edge from a dinner plate works too! Years ago, my wife dropped a plate on the counter, it shattered and sent a shard into the oven.  The tempered outer glass exploded with a very loud report.  At first I thought a bullet came through the wall and hit the stove!  After not finding any broken windows or holes in the walls I focused on the oven window and the demarcation point and found a TINY shard of plate.  It was incredibly loud and the glass was crackling for an hour after it happened.
Needs to team up with demolition ranch. Guy needs slo mo help.
but why 9mins? Just show the video of the thumbnail for 30secs
As soon as I started to type "film a bullet" you mention it. Please do lots of ballistic related filming!! 👍
the light traveling from your foot to your face takes about 7 - 8 nanoseconds,  that means this camera could've captured light if it was visible
You could have glued the piece on a stick and jab it exactly where you want to hit.
Anyone remember that one moment in Telltale’s The Walking Dead Season 1 Episode 1?
The bit at 7:27 the way the cracks or girl like said what kind of look like art forming like barren trees that's what it kinda reminds me of the Look
Idea: dark room flashlight pointed down range. Camera next to it.  Fog machines then turn on the flashlight and see if you can capture light speed!!!
people spend a ton of money on high fps cameras  me who sets the playback speed to 0.25: >:}
The fans are so loud, I'm waiting for the new camera to say, "Ready for takeoff."
This like watching GER in jojo
Cracks can increase their mass? Wow! */j*
Use this camera to film the middle before this one and show how a slow motion camera works
Just realized that the metal of the car door wiggled whenever you bounce the sledgehammer off of the window
Do 1,000,000 FPS soon
Epimetheus was the father of animals and afterthought after all. So all hindsight is him. Prometheus being the father of mankind and forethought.
if you didn't watch the glass shatter at 0.25x speed(through YouTube), then maybe you are..... 😂
Did somebody calculated the speed cracks travel? Thank you.
07:54 kinda looks like a photo of the moon over a city from a mountain, or reflecting off the sea
Кто русский? И сколько стоит эта хрень?
So how many miles per hour does the crack travel across the surface?
Why not add a clear mask to the back of the glass with a fine Cartesian or polar grid to facilitate calculating the actual crack propagation rate?
Me watching this in 0.25 playback speed: now, reality can be whatever
The sound the cutting board made when it hit the ground gave me chills
The high res shot of whole glass shatter is like samurai sword anime thingy. nothing happens when sword touches the body and everything happens after the slice.
The geometry or angle  of impact seems to have no effect on the propagation of the initial wave.  It seems to propagate radially from the point of impact regardless of the boundary conditions.  Anyone have any idea what governs this?
Use on regular glass and just makes a hole the size of the porcelain,  and very quiet.
Smash hit :)
cade o gordo?
that guy that says his fps is bad:
Using polarizers you can see the stresses in glass. If you shot through a polarized filter, with polarized illumination, couldnt you capture the wave of stress moving through the glass just in front of the cracks?
This is what crackheads did to ransack my truck.
I wonder how a tesla coil or an led would look, if at these speeds you can see the movement of electrons.
Круто! Видно скорость звука в каленом стекле!
Absolutely incredible
7:57 That panel looks like an anime bad guy receiving a devastating punch with seemingly no damage and then... BOOM!  In other words: Omae wa mou shindeiru!
you look like John Murphy (Richard Harmon) from The 100
2:43
you know, you could probably sell the glass cracking footage to VFX artists who would love to study it
✝️ROMANS 1:16✝️FOR I IM NOT ASHAMED OF THE GOSPEL OF GOD FOR IT IS THE POWER OF GOD FOR SALVATION TO EVERYONE WHO BELIEVES
@3:00 at .25x speed for surprise
Thanks for the screen saver           Yes this was a pun
I don't even want to know what happens if you forget to end the video ... all memorys are directly full😂
Actually I thought video calling "Spark Plug vs Car Window at 800,000FPS!", not "Look 9 minutes how we prepared to film spark plug vs car window at 800,000 FPS".
Even better with 0.25 ;) 3:02
Fake! The video is in 50fps... jk
Annoying ads
Put this video on 0.25 speed. Worth it! haha <3
Go ligth bolt?
7:53 you're wellcome
could use a rubber band to fire and target the ceramic shard, so you can target it more efficiently.
Can any1 tell me where is the other guy ?
@The Slow Mo Guys here's something you'd love to see the slow mo Rupert's teardrop shatter reaction inside the resin!! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mw_-EBgBYFk that would be something to see :D
"You're getting one or two frames of crack" 🤣🤣3:40
Destin soo needs to get his hands on this camera!!!
3:05 i'm going to use my YOUTUBE SPEED to 0.2X for more slow motion...lmao
How's your nuts doing? Last time I seen anything from you I think you messed a nut up or something.
I wonder how fast would a crack travel on a diamond
https://youtu.be/_UyyKkKvqpI  Time to revisit this, like you said
Does anyone ever got this idea from the walking dead game?
Which GIGABYTE in one shoot
I learnt spark plugs are good to smashing glass 🧤
so, The Matrix movie was right......before a glass breaks there is a wave of vibration that travels before breaking
"We can now slow it down to 800,000 FPS!"  Me turning the speed down to 0.25 just before the initial break.
When you play it at 0.25 speed when the glass is shattering it sounds exactly like the start of ‘on the run’ from dark side of the moon by pink floyd. That’s so mental.
I need subtitle
What's more amazing than slowing the playback speed to 0.25 in a slo-mo video
you are crazy.. wkwk
Slit the ceramic!!! Please 🙏 record movie wen you slit the ceramic and crash window!
Glass is glass and glass breaks
You need to film the pyrex handle again
7:46 gav why do you have a gigantic rifle
I understand the zoom and DOF issues, but wouldnt it be better to use the 35 1.4 or similar to get 4X more light? but is zoom really that important in these setups?
What does costs a high-speed camera like this?
3:40
Came here after rajwant sir's class
if you ever get the chance, shooting a bolt of lightning off that camera would be the most amazing thing in the world.
cahhhg
Video starts at 5:50
Don't forget to click on that gear icon to slow the video down even more.
Now you just need 6 phantoms placed in an arc one on top of each other to capture the full image, then stitch them together, can't be that expensive right;)
That looked so CG😂 3:03
Aren't they falling too fast to be at 800,000 fps?
Possible yet another interesting thing to see in slo mo is Apple iPhone blue sphere for moving settings from the old phone to the new one. Apple is owned a interesting patent "Invisible to user tag". So nothing to do with blue sphere itself, but there must be something hidden. May be tiny color changes in some frequency or so.
very cool
4:33 you mean, with a camera you own. Don't tell me you forgot you worked with Caltech to film light
Your doing are very good research for VFX and animation. Thank you very much
Hi there Slow mo guys. You said the crack moves all the way through the frame in 0.000181 of a second. I'm wondering what is the size of the frame in meters to calculate the actual speed of shatter. Thanks in advance.
This is incredible how fast this is even with 800k fps 😱
on top of this u can watch this video 4 times slower in settings youtube xd and its even more fascinating
We live in hyperspeed...
wat happen to dan
Whoever thought of making cutting boards out of tempered glass must've thought for about 100ns on this I guess. Bye-bye steel knives, and some spectacular shattering should  some sand or anything scratch it enough, what an incredible invention... :)
Hi!! 👋
its not a good idea to stream....
Try to brake tempered glass while filming with polarized light and polarized filter. You should see tensions changing just before the cracks.
Ta bueno bro
Amazing
you wanna super slowmotion click the snail
I slow it down more on YouTube to get even slower
Watching these with playback speed 0.25x is even more satisfying 😌
Do you wanna super slowmotion click the snail
I'm curious as to what the flashlight is that you used for the cutting board. I've seen it lots of times in various videos and have always wondered about it.
I like how you "subtly" called Destin out at the end.🤣😭💀
So satisfying to watch haha!
1 Second= 1000 Milliseconds 1 Millisecond= 1000 Microseconds 1 Microsecond= 1000 Nanoseconds 1 Nanosecond=  1000 Picoseconds 1 Picosecond= 1000 Femtoseconds
Nice, the slowest/fastest video on the slow mo guys. Except if u count the time they filmed light at 10 trillion fps
all i learned from this is sparkplugs are dangerous
slo mo guys is honestly just satisfy channel
Was very confused by the moon in the shot for a hot second
break the porcelain off the plug in little pieces then throw it at a side window....instant shatter ... works every time
What I find really cool with the dropping tempered glass video, is that just before it starts breaking, you can see the glass bend and warp slightly before the cracks appear.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JpqJZ6bzmpM
If we could travel that fast...
Do you wanna super slowmotion click the snail
Do you wanna super slowmotion click the snail bgm
Woooooow....breaking class is phenomenally fast.  I wonder how fast that would be in MPH.  Distance the cracks travel over your time interval between frames.  That's stupid fast.  Lol
7:57
I watched thin in .25 😂😂
watchig this video at .5 speed
watch 3:51 - 3:57 at playback speed 0.25, I couldn't contain my laughter.
I played the video at 0.25X and it's fast
Please make a video on bullet smashing
This is cool
I remember either Gus or burnie telling him he should try to film this and he was thinking he could go to a junkyard to do it glad to see it’s finally been done
RAJWANT SIR SEND ME HERE [{(ANY ARJUNA JEE BATCH HERE?)}]
Gav starting to look like Marshal Mathers
3:00 - 3:09 watch in  ×0.25. Thanks me later
They used to break the window and stealing things inside the car here
3:05 0.25x spped
amazing thanks for sharing!
try this light speed 🤯
It's like the space shuttle docking
Show use a bullet at hyper slow motion.
Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more
i wonder what is the speed of the glass breaking in km/h
2k ppl disliking the video are from matrix
The trigger cord touched your leg and it seems like your brain interpreted it as it might be wrapping around your foot so your reaction was to move your foot that way. If you pretend it was actually looped around your leg at the bottom, the move you made would have freed it. Just my thoughts though.
Imanige you have that much fps on your pc or mobile
I wonder if you could film Biden's pulling of troops from Afghanistan in slow mo. It happened so fast.
Glass is kinda cool
0.25x 😂😂
Movies are shot at 24 fps. If you sped them up to 800,000 fps (if I'm doing the math right), you could watch the entire Lord of the Rings trilogy in about one second. Just for a frame of reference on how ridiculous fast that camera is.
ight so next step is to learn how to hot wire :D
I'm going to watch this at half the speed :p
Hey guys big fan here!  Also a Demolition Ranch fan!  In this video he is shooting layers of protectors and the very end result is really interesting.   Hoping you all can recreate his video using your ultra slo mo technology. https://youtu.be/AnBtHiT1ajk
"the fastest we've ever shot" cries in 1 trillion frames per second
2:28
For information, put the video at 0.25 speed and look that : 7:58 !
Impressive... most impressive.
Some youtubers buy a $150000 Lmabo Others buy a $150000 camera
Absolutely amazingly beautiful
Science is fun ! 😄
I like this video 💯😁😁😁 Even I Subscribe the channel 😊😆🙄🙄🙄🙄🎈🎈🎉🎉🎉🔥🔥🇮🇳
nice sound design
Where's Dan?
https://youtu.be/i1nNufafUVw
Where is Dan?
Produce a movie featuring multiple types of glass being broken for 60'. I would go to the cinema. It's so soothing..
60 FPS: normal speed  800k FPS:
Love you,💐 chhattisgargh, India🇮🇳🇮🇳
console players wont get it
Subaru, that's who............
Starting with 6:06 : how long a millisecond can be!
When will be the 1,750,000 FPS video be released?
Haha i did this once and oh boy that was a bad idea i sliced my finger open the tiniest bit but there was SO MUCH BLOOD
at 2500 fps the glass was breaking for 2 frames. thats crazy how fast glass breaks
So 800000 FPS = 1.25 microseconds per frame.  145 frames = 181 microseconds  Guessing glasses 350mm long  Works out at 4326 mph? 1934.23 m/s
Just imagining if that piece of spark plug had ricocheted off the cutting board back and hit the lens of that Phantom camera. Eeeek
How much storage do they take?
I miss dan. I know slowmoguys will never see this but if they then just know I miss dan.
Who else changed the YT playback speed setting to 0.25x slower.
Can we- can we see light travel?🥺
Use this Camera on Lightning, I know you made a Video Previously on that too, But at this speed, It's gonna be nuts!
Could be cool to see a video that simulate a POV of a fly 🪰 (they see the world slowed !!) and then made a format for each particular animal 😍
guy spends $150,000 plus on a camera and has 14.2 million subs but he doesnt waste more money buying wrecked car parts... LMAO. ok then.
Where is dan?
the acoustic is just as fascinating an the images
slow 0.25 :0
is it posible that you could mesure the speed the crack trveles, i would love to see that!
When does the bloody video start??
If you slow it down to 0.25 in your playback speed, you can see the exact moment the glass shatters in amazing detail!! You can see each new crack starting by itself.
Omg it's like listening to a horror movie when you slow it down to 0.25!!
I love you world
Can you calculate the speed in MPH of the crack propagating across the glass
Would you be able to see a laser pointer’s light propagate through smoke at those speeds?  That would be a really cool video.
Glass shatter vs sound travel?
I just realized the irony of destroying a car part with another car part
Glad you had a smashing time Gav sure was awesome to see the cracks. In slow mo
Welcome Zanzibar https://youtube.com/shorts/_7qsREorm1M?feature=share
I'd love to see you guys do a slo-mo film of an egg exploding in a microwave.
Just make a remote switch to start and stop capturing.
0:28 that is the kind of patience I can appreciate! wow!
Alright,  compared to the speed of sound, and of light, how does this compare ?   Serious question.
Da hora saporra memo ein
Now to film some amazing explosions with it :)
Idiot spends thousands on a camera that only shoots up to 720p  (This is a joke for people who have no sense of humor)
DO A PLASMA VIDEO PLEASE, for the sake of science or whatever is dear to u https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fgQn1uF_-v4&ab_channel=ScienceChannel
I can't help but wonder what causes a change in the structure of glass to travel so quickly through it.  The breakage (change in structure) is happening at what appears to be thousands of times faster than, for example, a flame front traveling through a combustion chamber.  I wonder if the molecular structure of glass makes such speed possible.
Can you just use a mug for ceramic ? Much bigger pieces
Amazing!
Hey, what about the other guy  I think his name ist Josh?  Aren’t they making videos anymore  Or is it just because auf Corona
how much is this camera
El-pee
Wataha
The taboo ophthalmologist intraoperatively injure because glockenspiel reciprocally expect lest a striped cub. dusty, inquisitive burma
prince ruperts drop please. Iwant to see the travel.
Slower!
Where is the other guy?
Try using a slingshot instead of throwing it. Should be easier to aim and have more force.
I don't even wanna know what that camera cost!!!
It's not about a sharpness but about a hardness of ceramics. That ceramics is harder than glass. That's the point of how it works
Look at the hair!
Hey, what if you got a Katydid in slow motion?
I m watching this video 0.25x speed..😂
He looks VERY good with that hair cut 😍🤩
You guys are the best! I love every video I’ve watched! Huge huge fan! Where can I send you some ideas of things I thought would awesome in SLO MO! Definitely going to get me some merchandise! And wear them on stage! PROUDLY
7:58 it's like we're watching a movie and this piece of tampered glass is the antagonist and this moment is the climax.
Now I understand why glass bus stops started to get smashed 2 months ago.
Now someone calculate the speed of the break
Had an idea: try to capture the breaking of the sound barrier
Maybe try buying a catapult or pellet gun for more accuracy.
2:47   Everytime it rewinds.... it's like Dolby all over again.
The universe was in a glass ball and as soon as it exploded it got to such a humongous size that it is what it is now,,, or maybe I am wrong.
@The Slow Mo Guys can you please do a video on a Downy Ball. 🙏 & thank you.
Put your on on the slowest speed while watching the slow mo
La sombra de una bala.
little does he know i played the slow mo video in 0.25 speed sorry gav im watching it slower
Phantom is great set of cameras but their price is really unreasonable outside of R&D
What is faster? Tempered glass or lightning?
Good vid, not the same without Dan
5:50
now watch it on 1/4 speed
i love these videos, not enough people explore and measure the fourth dimension
it’s unbelievable how fast glass breaks
Play at .25x to get 2000000 fps
*Me playing it in 0.25 speed thus making it 2.4 million FPS*
Everyone loves destin gav
Where's the fat guy?
сколько такая камера стоит?
Imagine getting 800000gps in pubg mobile.
Just don’t understand; how much light you would need for 800.000 fps? Insane much I would say. But I only see 2 ‘simple’ lights? Do I miss something? How high was the ISO ? Thanks Daan
You got a problem with glass or something. lol
That was amazing
I wonder if different glass cracks at different speeds? it would be cool to see a crack "race"
“Now every second that goes by this camera is taking 82k pictures” wow it seriously took me this long to understand how fps works. I’ve been watching slow mo guys for years and it just barely clicked. Now I understand why a higher number is slower video
With the 7510, revisit lightning!
Took about 30 Nano seconds for it to start sliding off...
Thats an interesting number... 187,000 MPH = light speed...are we working on time travel here?
Exploding Prince Rupert's Drops!!
ok new video idea… one inch punch in slo motion
Thanks you for the awesome birthday present, my birthday is April 22nd and the phantom stated that the day of recording was on April 22nd, so cool!
driving linus crazy because of disk space need.
You guys should do a burnout till the tires blow up
5:07 He talks about how he doesn't want to spend the money on another piece of glass while he's standing next to a camera that films at a million fps, lol
If you set the speed to .25, you are watching 3.200.000FPS Let that sink in
If you watch this in reverse you’ll see "Making Glass With A Spark Plug"
You should try bigger glass. I demolish buildings, and when giant tempered glass from a store front shatters it leaves huge chunks of glass. I think it would be a better video than those small pieces of glass you used.
2:10 look at those shoes what are THOSE!!!!😂😂😂
I’m convinced these guys will accidentally invent time travel somehow
When you camera is so good it needs a fan
That was an amazing throw.
I need this fps on ny gaming setup😀😀😀
Its the Power of free Energy Sparkle plugs now for Windows🤣😁
Make a slow mo video of cricket bat ball impact. Thanks
Break a gorilla glass pls 🙏
Imagine if one day we will be able to film at 800,000fps at 4k
If you did night tests, or dark tunnel tests with a super bright light at 800,000 fps you could go frame by frame and see the light move
3:06 watch it at 0.25x speed ,,  LOL 😂😂
3:04
where is dan???
стекло мог бы и помыть перед съемкой.
Shoot a gun with the new camera
imagine 800k frames on a video game
Slo mo peanut cracking.
Smash Hit
Kalau maling diindonesia pake ludah ama garem.  Trus pake nasi
3:03
You should make a slow mo video of those firework poppers you throw on the ground
Kto zbada w którą stronę idą te pęknięcia?dlaczego?
Me wanting 800,000 fps on my computer
I like the bare feet, legend
Me watching the video @ .25
I FEEL LIKE I AM THE FLASH
Hello slo mo guy…. We miss Dan 👀
The cracks look like the ripple effect of going back in time. It's more of a web than a ripple in a pond.
Gav, I would really love to see a slow mo of the arcs dancing about in a Mercury Arc Rectifier…. to see all 6 cathodes arcing in sequence whilst the liquid mercury vaporises would be really cool. I can’t find any videos where someone has filmed this in slow motion…. so please do !!
2:55 i love that sfx
id love to see a price Rupert's drop explode at max fps!
Me who slows it down even more
I knew a guy who would do this to break into cars
Not 800000, but 400000, I watch science pop in x2 mode
If I were an astronaut aboard the ISS I would have nightmares of bits of broken spark plug hitting the window.
Where's Dan?
He talks so awkwardly in this video
Me and my younger brother when mom leaves us alone !
The premiere aspect ratio of 2050 cinema
О БОЖЕ О МАЙ ГАТ!
Next time just use a safety escape hammer. It has a hardened steel tip and does the same as the ceramic on the sperk plug.
If you want to download the latest software version of the software Links are given below!  https://vstlinks.com/3d-coat-crack/
wait wheres the other guy
after 20 years we will tell stories about Slow Mo Guys to our kids
4:27 what about the speed of light video tho
I am here struggling for 8 fps and he -
"today I sleep early"  me at 00:00:
That camera sounds like my playstation
Oh ya? Well I can play this video at .25 speed! Now THAT’S slow motion!
Think that's enough to do a Mantis Shrimp? Lol
I'm glad he cut his hair
Need to do the lightning video again
Me: Spark, Phantom! Its about DJI!  The truth: i have to disappoint you😭
If I recall correctly, you also shot some Pyrex glass breaking, a long time ago, in UK, with Dan. I vaguely remember a tiny stamp-like frame to capture hardly anything of the breakage's travel...
Can you try rupert's drop with this camera?
3:08 the glass is still way to fast
Can you calculate the speed of sound in glass through this data?
Có bắt kịp đước ánh sáng ?
Wow!
Hi, what is the travel speed of crack in km/h ?
the only problem with your vid is its length please make shoter vid
3:02 gura be like
Who else wants the next video
Question: is glas breaking faster as the speed of light?
who put this at 0.25 speed?
Amazing
i just come here to say ...          hi :)
Rip vacuum cleaner
Slow Mo Guys!
This like a quarter million dollar camera right?
7:45 dude that glass tried to Neo flex the world.
Awesome!
This video helping the Thieves now lolz😂
Imagine playing games with this, fps: 1.7m
Interesting phenomenon happening in slow motion with an extremely expensive camera
a kid with expensive cam makes millions this life is so wrong
2:43 you know how fast it is when its still instant even in x100 slower 3:04 You also know how fast glass cracks even with that slowmode, its still so fast
Playback at .5x at 3:05 and he sounds like he’s tripping balls on acid 😂
*cough cough* ceramic you mean porcelain
2:42 parte interesante
*insert a shockingly, spark plug joke 'here'*
Love to see a blank fired from a firearm.
Bro cracks move at like 4x the speed of sound it's so hard to get slow mo shots
beautiful how that crack travels through the glass
and i started watching you from that pink huge balloon video
where is dan
Me watches it at  ×0.25 speed
This is awesome, very good video. But we all miss Dan.
Nice!!!!
Would skipping rocks over water be an interesting subject? Maybe a fun competition between you and Dan when you reunite as well?  Thank you for the video as always!
additional i use 2x slow motion using youtube video
2:43
2:30 😲😲
Can you capture the speed of a laser in slow motion?
You've got to try the same experiment with a tempered glass patio door!  Before I learned the hard way it can't be done, I tried to cut the glass using a glass cutting diamond tool.  After creating the V linear hole across the window, I saw the surface turning into multiple waves like a drop of water hitting a still water surface.  The wave propagated through the window before the tempered glass exploded in thousands of pieces, I encountered parts for years in the apartment!
What is the price of this beast??
I'd like to see this technology applied to an electron microscope one day; great video, and congratulations on the camera!
This makes me want to see a stupidly long peice of glass
3:06 to 3:11 at 0.25x speed
What happened to you and Dan
мне очень интерестно сколько весит 1 такое маленькое видео в 800к fps
I'm just thinking if you put a huge mirror 1km alway from the camera, you can somehow catch the light reflect delay in the first  1 to 6 frames.
I saw this in the walking dead season 1 pc game breaking car glass
3:00 it feel like the background is space and the thing is space ship
Wow that haircut!  Youtube autoplay took me from the spinning an apple video (where your a veritable Jesus figure) to this vid, (where your that physics teacher at school that the girls all fancied and guys thought was cool cuz he breaks things)
Giant Water Balloon June??
2:55 It’s look like a satellite on mars 🤩 how many persons thinking same
Why do you need to shrink the height of the screen? Can’t you just lower the resolution?
Hmmmmm yes the perfect video.
Plot twist the camera isnt capturing anything
08:01 this is art..
I bet Dan is just gonna reappear in the Crystal Skull opening scene
スタープラチナ　ザ・ワールド
What was the speed of the break????
My pc in csgo
500.000 TB hard disk not included with the camera...
I never knew 50fps existed until I watched your videos
👍👍👍👍
GREAT!!
Hey I got an idea I would like to do with you if you want to hear it.
If you ues glass that is made in China,what will happen?---Nothing will happen......
(Has camera that can slow down to immense amounts)  (Feels the need to give it an honest review)
I don't know how to reach out to you so I'll try it around here. I am interested in seeing a bolt welding machine in super slow motion. It's such an fast event I can't tell what's happening. So if you need ideas this might be something for you. ✌
That is a loud camera
2k idiots dislike
2:57 looks like somewhere on the outer space.
getting scared in slow motion
Y lo pones mas lento en youtube gg izi
Me watching at 60fps mhm mhm interesting
Will you guys do the stick weave trick in slomo? Thanks ☺️
Camera that costs more than your organs
Lol I was about to ask when Destin would get one of these cameras.
me an intellectual watching the slow parts in 0,25
What about URANIAM radiation in slow Mo at 4k 😘❤️ .
2:47 CRAZY DIAMOND
Please make this in slow mo https://youtu.be/LvESuXv2ETw
What graphics card are u using?
can you calculate the speed that the crack is traveling?
Gavin,ilove you👄
dude. try Mexico Exploding Hammer Festival in Slow Motion Camera please :)
I dont have 800k hz on my monitor or phone the highest i got is on my laptop wich is 144 hz e
2:30 The hit
Guy: 800 000 fps my phone: 60 fps video frame rate : 30 fps      bruuh.
Nice Camera safety. LOL and soon Dan should come to break the glass with his face..
Watching in 144p  I know I am legend
I wish my minecraft was at that amount of fps :(  ￼
4:26 I'm longing for the day a UFO is filmed with this camera
6:57 0.25x playback speed 😎
Good... But why don't have legend in portuguese?
To see the glass crack circularly the way it did first up was unreal, then @800,000FPS it definitely slowed it down, yet it would have been magical to see it as a full frame - too bad you only got the letter box effect due to resolution - yet that would take a next level camera. Cheers Gavin :-)
Where is the video for giant baloon june
Pls do a prince rupert drop in slow mo!
I would love to see a slow mo video of a Nest Thermostat being shot with a .22. Bonus points if it is a hollow point.
Wow😍
Кто после тик тока?
And if in such a slowdown you remove the light passing through the smoke
let me give you a brilliant idea....... do a slowmo vid of a peacock opening it's tail. trust me that looks amazing.
Is it weird that I’m also playing this back as slowly as possible with the YOUTUBE Settings?
Can you shot speed of light in slow mo
He use a RGB
*thinking aggressively*
If you were astonishingly smiling throughout the video...  Welcome to Nerdington... 😀
Please provide english captions
Where is the fat guy ?
9:09 800,000FPS
They've gone from popping a giant water balloon in the back garden to this. Filming the cracks forming in breaking glass.
We want Dan
If you put is to 0.25 you can see it cracking
You should film a giant fuse popping from gigantic amounts of electricity with photonicinduction
I've always wanted to see you guys revisit the flint and steel with a higher fps camera! Just a thought.
Thanks brooo ❤️❤️❤️
Collab with demo ranch!
HOW MUCH DOES THAT SLOW CAMERA COST?
Jokes on you. I can just put the video in slo-mo.
Why a spark plug
lancer x mmc
I was watching it on 2x 😂😂
There's something I've seen on YouTube and I would love to get a real slow-motion explanation view of it. Someone poured molten metal (or molten red lava rocks) onto various pieces of glass and one of them was 'fire resistant', panes of glass with a gel between. In the video, it looked like the gel was boiling inbetween the glass panes before finally flicking the now solid piece of metal off the surface.  I have a link to the video in question, https://youtu.be/-T_XPaY43YM  Would it be possible to get a good slow motion of this effect/reaction?
Slowmo magic tricks
The most entertaining and fantastic
Use 0.25 speed and look what happens
Did Dan leave the channel?
Can it capture the speed of Light lmaoo😂
Film a top fuel dragster
Dude this is fantastic
Cold water into melted clear wax
Flash light of mobile entering finger. And flash off. Glowing blood in finger.
I think this is something what every gamer wants.
7:59 I LOVE IT
do this in slow mo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TlCCpCB-Gr4
Can you film the light? Is it possible?
plz create a playlst named scientific experiments (phy plus chem) at super slow. plz plz plz. it will help every single student..
Привет
Big fan from Kerala India 🇮🇳
Poor dude, i can see it slower than him no matter what he does by reducing the YouTube playing speed 😃
Что такое rtx 3090 я хочу это
crack travels at mach 5.6
Люди у которых видео 60 фпс: -_-
I don't believe
looks like lightning! so similar!
You have a 19 hour video posted. How long would this video be?
Amazing
"in hindsight, probably should have put down a tarp" - Gav  lol😂
0.25×
Me, 3280×slower ohhh nice  Meanwhile YouTube: not enough if you don't use 0,25×  Ahhaaaa ahhaaaa ahaaaa (slower funny)
https://youtu.be/0-HYPdh744M I know this is an old video but there are over 500 likes on a comment mentioning slow mo guys and I’m sure tons of people would want to see this collaboration with the YouTube channel Photonicinduction, what’s actually happening that the electricity can violently blow apart these fuses and bulbs as it does. Also really interested to see what a crt tv over volted looks like before it blows the electron gun/coil/ray w.e people call it.
Gavin “libtard” Free
Youtube:2160p50 My phone Can :1080p50  I Try 2160p...Phone:Are you killing me??
Di negara gua udah jadi keahlian maling
No one will talk about the lab coat I guess
The video actually starts at 2:18 if you just want to get to the point.
800.000 fps, it´s imposible
ليه المقطع خمسين فريم بس انعم من اغلب المقاطع الستين فريم
video: 800 000 FPS my monitor: 75hz
POV you're waiting for The Slo Mo Guys to upload more super cool footage with the new camera
Lets wait for 800000 hz monitor guys, can't wait to see this video on it
Interesting
Hey guys, now that you have a ridiculous camera... can you do tesla coils again?
I want this fps for my pubg mobile montage
Try at 0.25x
x0.25 speed is Ok!
9 minutes video for just 10 seconds
me with my monitor just watching with 60 fps -interesting-
It feels like there's so much potential in these kinds of "experiments" but for the god knows how many years I watch you guys - you choose ones of the boring ones...
https://youtu.be/ltJAJ9Capuc https://youtu.be/JKVPxo9HgZo https://youtu.be/j3qyfMdXmXc https://youtu.be/OUx2-D1b6as https://youtu.be/_cB7MgmsWNo https://youtu.be/MEPrmntrlJE https://youtu.be/J74DNchSdyw https://youtu.be/kVg5eGuuMJA https://youtu.be/5A3LRr0CSw8
watch 7:00 - 7:04 in 0,25 speed. This is cracked!! xD
bonkers
You need to try to capture the speed of Light! At least for a frame... Reflecting lasers 100m apart or something?
2:42
see this on 0.25×😁
Can you show us the metal welding in super slow motion
Can you shoot a bullet through a waterfall or a sprinkler or through the rain and show us how the bullet is going through them ,like hitting water drops and stuff
Any chance you guys can get footage of the M61 firing in slow motion?
2:43 output
Can you guys do deep frying in slow mo, watch it crisp at 100,000fps
I do not know how I got here, but that was quite a video🎥👍 🔥🐲🐉🐲🔥
Хэх
3280 times slower? Just put the video also to .25 so you see 4 times more slowed down
Казалось бы причем сдесь мамикс
Прикольненько
I’m about to sleep then this video shows up on my youtube, Great. Now i can’t sleep i’m about to watch more of his vids😐
Helpful for science and engineering design👍👍
hey guys can you pop 10,000A fuse in slow mo?
my eyes hurt a lot when i look at it
Есть Русские люди? :)
코 ㅈㄴ크다
Please use AV01 codec.
nice car dude
I thought it was a spark plug chillin in space when i saw the thumbnail lol
indirectly this video teaches to steal a car
Well tried 👍🏻
I even adjusted The Playback Speed in Settings, I need Slow mo in A Slow Mo 😂
3:01 0.25 wooooow
How much does this cam cost?
The best👍
I need this camera. I'm making the movie please give me
Fun fact my device is 720 g s
Amazing
Very Amazing 😻
I thought it was fake that video on tiktok but I saw it here..Now I'm convince .🙂 I'm glad I didn't try  it to my car 🤣
I played at 0.25x speed
Amazing
I have to wonder if you turn on a light, can you see the edge of the light propagate across the space
Hope Dan is doing good in his last stint in the military
What about pubg in  800,000 FPS 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Everybody 👁👄👁
7:57 When you fall on your tailbone.
i like your shoes
7:57 this reminds me of that scene from the matrix where the building warps and then shatters.
Would love to see y’all blow a 5000amp fuse with Photonicinduction. 😁
!!!HEY!!! Ya know what happens when you spray the inside of the oven door when its hot, its goes POP! I think, never done it before so you should do it for us
What a smashing video.
Brasil 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Imagine it bouncing off the window and hitting the camera lens...
I vatching 30 fps :(
This is so crazy and fantastic
The first person who discovered that spark plug hitting in the window is living in Philippines. Only in the Philippines 🤣🤣🤣
It's June
I watch this with 144p
Afterseeing this video my phone glass is broken
Afterseeing this video my phone glass is broken
interesting question here: Is that faster then Lightspeed ? I mean the one with the 800k/s
No one: Literally No one: Me: Watching at 0.25x
What if you play this video on 0.25 speed?
Круто 😎
Hey guys my phone only supports 60fps
title: 800000 fps, also, whole video: 2160p50🥲
Can you see the delay of a switching light?
AWESOME
good
Please do a collab with Photonicinduction capturing electrical explosions
How to steal something in someone car👍
It’s 2007 - 2011 camry door
Респект
Please do with prince Rupert drops, those are too fast to view in other videos and it's easy to focus on them due to small size.
Reminds me of the video of slow mo breaking Dan’s car that he hated
Speaking of sparks and whatnot, I think this could be your next slo-mo project: Get a load of this 5000 amp fuse being blown intentionally: https://youtu.be/0mGhhdPgXG8
I'd like to see plank time camera next.
Im glad my phone supports 800k fps, and 800k hz
I who set the speed to 0.25 and saw it at 3.200.000 FPS 🗿🗿🗿
HEY THERE'S A GUY CALLED NIGEL LOOKING FOR YOU ALL OVER NEW HANOVER
Русским привет
legends are those who watch these  slowmos in 0.25x  in youtube.
Поставил видео на скорость 0.25 и получил 3 200 000 fps
can you make two bullets hit together in slow motion
Mate tou have to blow sparkplug dust on window not the entire plug :))) try like i said
Lmao I bet that 8 second clip uses 200GB of ram storage
Thanks to the engineers who made that ....... Should I call it a camera🤔
How much time u spent for render it ? 😂
In Indonesia, thieves use this tool to break into cars
Amazing 👏
This video will help in learning Fracture Mechanics! 👍🏽
thanks for the solution:v
Akan menjadi sebuah amal jariyah kejahatan bro
Can you guys make a slow motion of tracer bullet impact? I hope that will look cool
Please translate to Arabic
Guys you ve got to film this with a Phantom. https://youtu.be/0mGhhdPgXG8
make a video about the light how its moving
I really miss Gav and Dan experimenting together.....
Very Amazing !
I watched it at .25 speed so it’s 32,000,000 fps
when he's eyes pop out, it's the same time that my eye also pop's out..
I think you’ll need a time lapse camera for Dan’s tunnel😂
This is going to sound stupid but make a video of people getting hit in the face with cheese
plz make video on how earth rotates sun in slow motion ....
"Hi I'm Gav" "Silence" *cries*
Maybe slow motion sparks from blowing a fuse? Here's a video of a 5000amp fuse popping: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mGhhdPgXG8. Fantastic video and thank you.
I think I know how to make it slower, if you record the slowmo and play it infront of the slowmo camera it  should be slower.
3:02 0.25 speed goofy
KrDşM 800,000 hZ oLmAdAn NeYe YaRıCaK
IN THE SPACE...!!! 2:56
SONY XPERİ XZ PREMİNİUM 1000 FPS SLOW MOTİON REKT
Ничего не понял, но красиво.
Почему у него на халате написано гей?
you play pubg or cs go or other games 100.000 FPS
It's so funny when it's so old-fashioned but you just practiced it
This method has long been used in Indonesia, used to steal cars or the contents of cars, so you are just teaching people how to steal easily.
They make glass cutting boards now? That has to be the dumbest kitchen implement yet, even dumber than the egg rollie.
how long was the glass and how many pictures were there at 800k / s? then you can calculate the speed ...!
Should’ve been Burnie’s Tesla
Next slowmo kecepatan cahaya
And put in  .25 play back speed
If you get the chance can you shoot the video of a spider making its web?
amazing, this Camera it's very expensive :)
So what’s the crack’s speed?
Ihr seid die Besten seit "Mythbusters"! You're the best since "Mythbusters". Would be great if you could do a video together with Adam and Jamie !! 👍👍👍
Las vujias se mojan antes,saludos
does anyone else always skip to the end? cause all we care to actually see is the slow mo part.
You don't need that big piece of a spark plug. Only small piece of ceramic is enough to brake the side window. Just make it wet a bit and fire it from your fingers.
BUT YOUR PHONE IS JUST 60FPS 😂😂
Where’s Dan
Me watching on 90's pc running on 2 fps
why so many  dislike for this video ?
What’s the uh… the gun in the back for Gav?
It's okay to capture the video  at those big frame rates but where you gonna display that? 😂
Amazing 😍
please test calm down sniper bro please
it would be interesting to measure how fast the cracking circle is expanding
800,000 FPS How many MB is this video?
İNSANE SPEED!!!!
please add english subtitles, thanks:)
Can you film a washing machine at maximum speed spin cycle?!
Actually, u can slow down the video to 0.25, so u will get 120ktimes slowering 😅
2:44  Legends are watching at 0.25X .....😁😁
.
Professor Y 😑
Now you need 40 of these camera to get a full image
3:05 Which instrument is this which breaks the glass
Next slo mo = fireworks
whi else play at 0.25 speed?
have anybody told you of resemblance with jake gyllenhaal (with smaller eyes)?
Now slow the play back  to .25
Capture light moving with mirrors and laser
Make an ice bobble in very slow mode...i.ve seen some in slow mode but would be nicer in very slow mode...how the bobble while freezing it forms some stars...reminding us the dome we're under...Thank you
03:03 and put it on speed x0,25
si vede male non si capisce....
Bom Please
I am sorry basically your 1 video a month. Ohh I love them but 1 a month? Not asking for 3 a week but 1 a month means no subscription just a thumbs up and that will keep your videos popping up on my recommendation to me list. That’s about as invested as you are in making videos.
where is the other guy ?
😱
👁️👄👁️
7:48 Gav casually letting you know he is strapped 24/7
How much storage did the 500k frames take up?
I don't know if Dan can get internet in his tunnel, but it would be cool to get a voice over/ zoom call / green room type shot of him watching the slow-mo footage on these videos. It's great that you've kept this going over covid - and you've done really well on your own - but I do miss the weird discussions you had in the pre-pandemic videos
a glass breaking is it faster than the speed of light wtf
What happened to Dan? Where's the excitement of the two professors of physics?
IDEA: Slowmo of Simone Biles, amirite? All slowmo cams I've seen of her skill can never catch every movement because she's so fast. I'm js!
Laser beam please
what happened to "hello, the internet!" :(
Where is dan 🤕😔
yo guys should record dragsters or other drag cars launching in slow mo
Превосходно
5:56 Looks like the beginning of The Dark Knight Rises 😂
Where's the 2nd dude?
How fast does the air enter the cracks???????
porcelaine de bougie de voiture. la bonne vieille technique des voleurs de voitures d'antan.
The responsible ticket anecdotally grin because learning opportunely trot before a tearful lathe. incredible, proud water
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9U30qzku0GU      https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Yg6Xiqzftj0
A M A Z I N G
Let history begin!
Haha weird to See this video with a broken display xD
Cool
Soo satisfying 😌
Did you say, "This is the fastest Phantom WHAT has ever been made"?
Thought if pubg works like thi meanwhile 8200 fps ❤️
Spark plug vs Bullet proof glass.
Playing 82000fps at 0.25x playback speed here😍
Who's here to see if Riolu is gonna be joining the team?
Porque não grava a câmera lenta em um vídeo em câmera lenta? Ficaria bem melhor
Where is Dan? I left this channel almost two years ago and when I returned he is no longer there :(
Hey i have a suggestion i think it's awesome to see the button that trigger the slow motion so we can see when it starts recording, like does it record as soon as the button clicked the bottom or when the button pops back....
The real super slowmo
iwonder what influences the cracks formation and direction. and why it doesn't jsut stop half way down the peice the glass
What happened to the other guy
7:58 most satisfying sound in the universe. Like a huge anvil falling perfectly on steel.
Tungsten and ceramic have always been able do smash car windows.
7:22 this fact right here shows how epically FAST the crack travels.  145 frames out of 4 million!
Memories
Will be so crazy when he uses an nail gun vs an glass window...
Ludahin dulu businya harusnya biar mantap
Me being happy to get 20 fps on minecraft...
In 2 months , slow mo guys ,  travel to the past haha
That's more scientific instrument than camera! Crazy
lego?
You have to figure out a way to zooooom on the spark plug  The spark plug emits super sonic speed lightning explosion wene it hits a hard brittle surface try focusing the zooom on the spark plug
Harder to hit College softball or MLB ?
3:00 is why you came here!
lmao watch it 0.25 slower
Can we use a spark plug as a glass cutter...?
Him 75000 and 70000 Thumb nail 800000 frames  Me I thought he was rounding
AWESOME!!!
GTA tutorial
Kalau kena kepala, kepalanya pecah g ya🤔
i wish i had those fps on my computer
If we remove the slow motion part of the video then we all would be watching a guy just breaking glass for no reason
Missing Dan continues
Why there is no light blinking while the slowmo is on? I mean, every light source has the rate of blinking, is it some special lamp?
use shards/flakes of ceramic spareplug mix it with saliva and then throw it on the vehicle glass, you will damage the glass easily
Idea..... film a bullet impacting an object such as wood.....just to see what happens.
The sound after resuming the video is like the sound when prince of the Persia go slowmo in the Two thrones
Legends whatched the video at 0.25X
when you dropped it, it cracked because of the other super hard tempered glass pieces under it, same theory as with the shattered tempered porcelain from the spark plug.
Yg nongol di beranda like
3:02 use 0,25x speed Thanks me later
Do a rupert's tear!!!
You look so handsome with that haircut. I was never feeling long hair Gav. Cheers
Spark plug trick is over 35 years old!
I Have  a start a YouTube channel  and I'm very inspired from you but my family condition is very low Please help me                               LOVE FROM ASSAM
Or you could get a bigger piece of glass.
Woww
Is it me or does this look like lightning, also Imagine if you could capture a lightning strike with this
No one: Absolutely no one:  Not a single sole: This guys camera: I go BRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
0.25x speed on yt!
how much gb this video ?
This was wonderful to watch. If you see this comment, please consider re-filming lightening! Would be absolutely astonishing!
Se registri 10 secondi occupera 20 giga di memoria
Is it possible for you to calculate how fast the cracks are moving through the glas? I mean in m/s
02:54 the real slowmo bukan kek anak epep 🗿
You should film woodworking on a lathe, that would be interesting to see in slow mo.
I bet cleaning that was fun
For those curious, info about the Phantom TMX7510 can be found here - Yup, everything but the PRICE as demonstrated.
Fun until that Sparks bounce back to camera lens
Hello! The next video could be the lichtenberg figures. Looks amazing in real time but in slow mo it would be better.
Time to break the record for the longest video you ever uploaded xD
Slow mo guys I want a slow-mo demonstration of a nuclear bomb
Wanna see a magic? Watch 3:24 at x0.25 payback speed.
if my calculations is right, the speed is 4500km / seconds the glas travels when it breaks. (or 16200000 km/h  / 10066213 mp/h)
So from this, do you know the speed in mph the glass crack travels at?
3:59 : perfect clothing combination
Even at 800,000FPS I still play it back at .25x
I think one or two decades later those camera technology comes in mobile
try at armor glas window
Slow mo Light speed 😂😂😂
twdg nostalgic feelings
3:02 satisfying sound and video
Lmao i got the same exact car he hit with a sledge and my window fell off the track just from slamming my door idk what subaru outback he was usong for the vid but its a dam savage🤣
“I got a new camera.” “Really? What does it shoot at?” “720p—“ “What is this? 2008?” “—at 80,000 frames per second.”  _Surprised Pikachu face_
Will you film making dough in SLO mo???
You need to film some Dry Ice Cleaning.  Not local to you, but I'm sure you can find one local to you.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5csdOuDLPtI
Could you please film a snail with this camera?
My new favourite Cyprus Hill song; Insane with the Framerate
At 100 ns the light travels 30m per frame. We are at a point where they can use one or two tricks and show the speed of light...
I watched it at 2400000fps by slowing down the video to #0.25 speed
Have you guys have ever done a vdo on magic tricks/sleight of hand stuff
Piece of someone's car??????
I got free gaming phone for subscribing glitz play  channel
Russian subtitles pls <3
Do a video with Riolu please.
Where's that other guy who used to accompany this guy?? 🤔🤔🤔🤔😑😑
You won't spring for a used junk yard car door?  Mr Beast would buy a new Lambo just for the test.
film light bulbs of different types :)
*casually connects to pc*
I'd honestly like to see individual strands of carbon fiber being broken. Or maybe you could film sandpaper being used on the clear glass with like a macro lens? those would be, how you say..."Bonkers"
A few years ago : 10 trillion fps Now : 800 thousand fps *It's evolving, just backwards*
Probably late but what happened to dan
Just watched a video of high school teacher and students vacuum crush a steel drum by heating and then rapid cooling. Would be a really cool slo-mo video...
I ~was~ just going to say that if you play it back at 0.25 percent speed from 3:03, you can see the glass breaking even slower with more detail. but then that slo-mo laugh got me dyin'. XD
I haven’t watched slow mo guys in a while what happened to Dan
Amazing how many ads have been crammed into such a short video. -_- Doesn't make for an enjoyable experience.
You're going to shoot something with a BB pellet, aren't you?
I Just now realized all this time I haven't been subscribed!😱 I've repented and made right my sins; now I can only pray for forgiveness🙏🏼🤣
now once the pandemic is finished, you should try capturing lightning again.
I know I probably won't have a say at  this, but it would be so fascinating to see a very up close shot of a match lighting (lighting it with like the smallest flick on the edge instead of using the whole strip) and seeing the flame catch on over the head of the match, all in super slow motion!
As an art teacher I noticed the jugs of blick tempera paint on the back shelf 😂
The speed of propagation of cracks should be close to the speed of sound in the glass, anywhere between 2000-4000 m/s depending on the glass, which your observations corroborate! Amazing footage.
Fun fact we can only watch this video at max 60fs😂
Where is your patner
Your lack of attention to PPE is laudable - bravo sir!
Fun fact:you can make it slower by reducing the playback speed
ill wait for the 1.3 trillion fps per second stuff
There is a constant beeping noice annoying me
I would love to see Taofladermaus get a hold of one those bad boys.
WTF 5 sec and you have are 1GB Data xDD
My take on this is, there is a shed load of stored (latent) energy in tempered glass.
*zack snyder heavy breathing*
would love to see some other crystals braking, I know corundum(ruby, sapphire) has a extremely fast break rate, another might be a particle cloud chamber
you know something is powerful when it has a fan when other things dont need a fan
This camera would make revisiting some of the older stuff potentially pretty interesting as well!
how much costs the camera?
So beautiful. Just awe inspiring. Genuine tears in eyes.
Finally, my phone support 82k fps lol
When are you going to video a rocket taking off @spaceX
can you do putting out fire? eg. with water, dipping a match in a glass of water, or using a fire extinguisher.
So help me if i dont get that slo mo bullet video soon. Solid copper as well as hollow point... armor piercing .50bmg
I started working at O'reilly auto parts and know sparkplug videos get reccomended aggressively
why did him saying usually your getting 1 or 2 frames of crack make me laugh 3:40
Here's an idea for a video, to a vapor chamber to see radioactive particles flying through the air and see how fast they go
How does that small piece break the glass? I dont get it.
Calculate the speed with which the Glas circle of that break actually expanded?
i wish my game played so smooth
Have you come here and put on the 0/25 speed?
You gotta do a slow mo of dan going to a chiropractor
Just don't carry broken spark plug ceramic with you.  It's illegal in some states.
You could repeat the experiment of heating up a glass jug and cooling it with water (https://youtu.be/xbuvcQrAOSk) and use this camera. It was ridiculous how quickly that glass cracked and it would be awesome to see that even slower
7:06 Now it look likes Hollywood Breaking Ice in real time
The productive volcano prognostically weigh because bail correlatively ski during a waiting shark. bashful, ambitious airship
* *cries in 360p* *
Gavin: 800,000 FPS on breaking glass, most amount of frames EVAR! - A week later - Destin: I spent 7 hours filming grass and their reverse banana bracelet spring mechanism.
What’s the file size like on those?
Thanks Gavino Free as always 😜.
2:43
I like slow motion videos
Where is Dan?
Also smarter every day and demolition ranch should do like a slo mo shooting laminar flow video or something lol
I remember the det cord video but what about just regular fuses in the open and underwater, with the new camera speed at max I bet most of the fuse would still be in frame. Just a thought
Cool.
Make an new intro with that
being able to witness time in this way changes the way I think about reality
Still too fast...
Свадебный видеограф. Запечатлею каждую секунду вашей свадьбы. Длительность свадебного клипа 3 года 7 мес. Видео отдается на грузовике с флешками ))
just AWESOME video!!!
No one: Gamers: 0:55
I can’t wait to see you guys back together
You guys need a Shimadzu to play with. Talk to Todd Rumbaugh.
You're a nerd the good kind of course
Where's the other guy
Me i want more slow going to youtube playback speed 0.25x
🚨 🚨 🚨  3 Things YOU HAVE TO DO again - with the TMX7510 🚨 🚨 🚨   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpJ8EoGmLuE  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dHfQYGGUS4U  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qQKhIK4pvYo
Now I trust time travel films
Phantom noises
u can slow it down 0.25x in youtube. even slow than 0.25x if u use ur space bar for start stop start stop.
Did he say how wide the part of the glas is that is in the frame? maybe like 20 cm? So 0.2m/(0.000181s)=1105m/s?
Spark plug has a super power on it.
@the slow mo guys: this vid is from Demolition Ranch. They stumble upon a weird thing (see video) which I think you guys can film exactly what happens here and why the result is like that! https://youtu.be/a7WwrMgGTzo?t=575
yeah, Destins phantom is so slow he's literally sitting with it watching the grass grow..
Awesome
Yo. When is the collab with riolu
bro if we lived in a simulation it would've crashed by now
Slow mo the speed of light like during a thunderstorm and try recording a strike of lightning
What happened to his partner?
Colorimetrical reactions please!!🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻🙏🏻
That expensive shoot🗿
And j though the PS5 had a better FPS
please slow mo cold welding
How much are these cameras I’d like to buy one!
Hey Gavin. Have you done a slo mo of your cat drinking water. I’ve always been fascinated by how animals drink since we as humans use gravity.
8:56 why?
Try to collide two bullets mid air
What about a vid of someone doing a one inch punch?
you choud silm lightning again with the new cam
7:43 Why is that gun lying casually on the floor? :D
Two hammers hitting together, is it true they don't touch
Is no one going to ask about the gun at 7:42?
My Pc crying and running Pubg in 20 fps - Help me
In this video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a7WwrMgGTzo a guy shoots glass sphere with 45 cal and he noticed weird thing - on the opposite side of the sphere after impact appear fractures even though the sphere in a middle is solid. Can you slowmo it to see what's going on on the opposite side?
Nobody: Literally nobody: Literally nobody in the whole universe: CS:GO players: That's what I'm talking about
this is such a odd thing to do
Bagus nih kameranya buat slowmo tiktok :')
Apa cuman gw orang indo?
that's actually so gorgeous
I'd like to see a Play Pals slow mo, maybe a jump scare slow mo cam!
Wheres the other guy been?
Nice one. Please show us how thev CD/DVD burning process is happening in your slow motion camera.
Maling mobil di Indonesia lebih tau duluan.
800,000 fps, me as a casual gamer, I am like... I barely get 30 fps.....
make slomo smashing volly ball, are the ball waving looks like at japan anime. thats look interesting
So honored to have been a fan of slow mo guys to see this day when we get to finally watch the speed of glass shattering. I remember seeing the original video with the pyrex years ago and always wondering since.
What happen to Dan???
Sounded JUSt as cool
I've rewatched the glass hitting the floor part multiple times now, and it still gives me chills, the way it slows as it hits the ground, that wave up through it, and then the instant cracking of the glass, masterpiece. And the sound design Gav did is just the icing on the cake.
Gav, did you buy this Phantom or are you just renting it?
But the Question is that  YouTube only play the video on 4k60fps  How can we see 800k fps
How tf is something taking 1.75MILLION pictures a SECOND
Imagine an infinite plane of glass, how fast would that circle travel
request ... slow motion close up welding seen through an automatic welding helmet glass
That new camera... 0_0
Does it break at the speed of sound for glass?
You should do a collab with Smarter Every Day!!!
When you realize this video is only at 50fps: Soap trusted you, i thought i could too.
Does Gavin have a camera fast enough for him to stop by Demolition Ranch now? Think we could see some cool shots of different bullet ballistics colliding with all sorts of crazy things that Matt has shot. Would love to see a slow mo collision of a .50 BMG incendiary. 🤔
So break! It down how fast is the crack moving in mph. This could be one of the fastest things, seeding cow dung fungus is fast, explosions fast,
A "ciruzzo99" piace questo video
Ok just looked it up and that’s a UD$150,000 camera! Do they let you use it for promo? Or maybe YouTubers make more than I thought.
Too much echo. I think he needs a better mic.
Ini cara maling dinegeriku pake busi terus dikasih ludah langsung buarrrrrrr
Spaghetti breaking is another fast thing to film.
I have a suggestion n  it could reach 10mil  in month
Wait . I could see flash waving at some point of that slow motion
Watching slowest "slow-motion" in 0.25X speed on YouTube
The last one looks animated. Beautiful
You have one of the most expensive cameras and you don’t have much creativity lately I would say. Pay me a salary and flights and I’ll come and make a big change to your boring videos
y'all should film a rebar being pulled apart again with this camera. i'm curious if it's instantenous or there are tears
I want to now how much that thing costs
Calculate speed of cracking is it faster than sound ?
Pretty sure you're supposed to grab multiple little chunks and throw them all.
Me playing this video at 0.25x speed "reality can be whatever I want"
Still no dan... still feel unfulfilled...
I love the “probably should’ve lead a tarp” 😂😂😂
I got to know what is YouTube because of your slow-mow water balloon video!!
Love the new camera and the video! Can't wait for the *EXPLOSIONS* on the new cam, and of course, *DAN'S return!!!*
2:58 I watched it at 0.25x play speed so that makes the video 4000x slower for me isn't it 🤔
Please!!! Can you do a video on Explosive Hydroforming of Metal Spheres in Slow Mo?? Would be an awesome video!
New video idea! 💡  Sand blaster pealing paint off or rust off of stuff!
I recommend getting the worlds brightest camera for the extremely low exposure you will be getting from that camera from here on out
Gavin ages like fine wine
Thing I absolutely love about the slow mo guys is that they don't do the stupid capitalisation of keywords in their titles  Just simply put what the video is about and thats that
Video idea = 200mph motorbike chain front sprocket
please hook up with demolition ranch in Texas and film a exploding oxygen tank
I did some rough calculations from the Twirly Whirlies in the extended edition of The Hobbit: Battle of Five Armies.  An average longbow arrow is 2.5184’ long and travels at 160 FPS. An average ballista bolt travels at 186 FPS. This gives a convergence rate of 346 FPS. Let’s say these things are designed to hit an arrow halfway along its length to at least knock it off course. This means that for every 1.2592’ (half an arrow length) the ballista bolt and arrow converge (at 346 FPS), whatever is rotating on the ballista bolt needs to move through the space of any potential arrow. If only one ‘wire’ was being used to cut the arrows down, this would translate to 16,487 RPM on the ballista bolt. With something like 8 wires, which is a bit more likely, we’d only need 2,061 RPM.  Now for the rotation speed at the tips of the wires. I count 200 elves in the archer row. With an average back-to-chest length of an average male being ~9.5” and with a 20-inch back-to-front spacing between archers, each archer takes up 29.5” of space. This gives us somewhere around 491’ that the twirly whirlies need to cover, at minimum. We see 9 total twirly whirlies fired, and by my estimate, about 1.3 of them do not impact any arrows and are simply there for coverage. That means that 491’ is covered by ~7.7 twirly whirlies, giving each one a diameter of 63.9’. This gives us a twirly whirly circumference of 200.646’. Multiply that number by our 8-wire RPM to get a 413,531 FPM speed at the tips of our wires. That’s 4,699 mph at the tips.  Now for reference, every time we double the number of wires, we can halve the rotation speed. So if you think 8 ‘wires’ may be too few or too many, the math is fairly simple to do if you’d like to add or remove wires. My question for you guys is: How fast can wood spin before it shatters? Beyond whatever magical way the dwarves could get the Twirly Whirlies spinning that fast, could a wooden ballista bolt shaft even withstand rotating at those thousands of RPM? What speed does wood shatter at? I remember you guys did something very similar with a CD and I’d love to see if you could come up with something for this!
You guys never did those security tags from clothing stores?? 😉
*The Slow Mo Guy*
*puts youtube play speed to 0.25x to see it slower
please use this new camera with Matt from Demo Ranch https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAdAtaUfGPk
Me watching the video at 0.25x speed:  Sometimes my genius is... it's almost frightening...
You need to rename the channel into "The Slow Mo Guy"!
Awesome
Hey Gavin! I propose a video: capture how water boils and bubbles and made.
Can't you let dan participate on a distance? Just let him react to whatever you are doing?
Cool
breaking glass never looked this satisfying
Who else watch this at 0.25x speed.
Why does hi look like shaggy from Scooby-Doo
u need to put some water with plug .
4:04
They claim they couldn't play it slower. Me putting the video on .05x speed: 😈I win, boys😈
7:57
Legends  watching  this video  with playback speed .25x
I watch the slow mo with 0.25 speed
Wow
0:01 Meanwhile, back at the neighbors house: Honey! Someone stole the door right off our car!
How many MPH do you think that crack is traveling? Unfortunately I'm not smart enough to calculate it on my own.
You should record exploding rocks in a fire
What is the humming sound in the background audio when in slomo?
Me::: slowing down the video more down 👀
He should rename his channel the slow mo guy until Dan comes back
Km/h?
That ripple/wobble in the dropped one before it shattered. That was COOL.
Brilliantly amazing. :D
Fastest you ever shot, except that time you did the speed of light thing.
now imagine having to rig multiple cameras so the slices line up so you can composite them back into a full height frame in post.
Viral video idea: get a scope you can film the phantom through and stick that scope on an automatic machine gun and  let it rip
wow
2:40 I had to rewatch this bit.  Turns out the mirror is already fully cracked, but on my first watch thru, bout the time you say "That worked, didn't it?" your reflection in that shattered side mirror made it look for a moment as if it had gotten shattered later, and was coming apart just right then.
Who remembers the scene in Telltale’s The Walking Dead when Glenn broke the car window with the sparkplug 🤩
I don't know how feasible this is, but you guys should try to do a video on this: https://youtu.be/Saz03u851HQ
If you guys could a high profile quarterback to do a throwing session that would be so badass.
800,000 fps on 60 YT FPS... xd
Where is the other guy Dan?
Dude that was an insane cool video really enjoyed watching the last one was definitely my favorite hands down crazy how it came apart like it did
It's like a rupert's drop or something given how the tension gets released.
After this video released, the case of crime stonk 📈
Ternyata maling lihat video ini ya hahah
that is smoother than real life
9 minutes (excluding ads!) to show a spark plug hitting a window in slow motion.  In TikTok era too.
match
Good job, me from Indonesia🙏🏻
Now put the playback speed at .25
7:56
3:03
turn down the play back speed to 0.25
Has anyone worked out the speed of travel of the crack?
Miss u Dan✨
Film a grenade (if u can get those idk lol) and plat it at  these speeds, that would take a day to watch but dang that would look coool
I’d love to see how a pressure washer works in slow motion. They take water at garden hose pressure and jacks it up to 1000 -4000 PSI.
I watch Slow Mo Guys with my playback speed at 2x >:)
Hopefully he doesn't shoot this one with an arrow too. xD
7:54 was the most satisfying glass breaking shot I have ever seen, holy.
Gavin: Who made this car?! Me, who actually works at the Subaru factory: 😶
Hey names also gavin, anyway I have a question does this mean glass cracks faster then a bullet travels?
did we forget that that yall filmed light travel at a trillion frames per second
“ waiting for a new phantom “ more like waiting for a new wind tunnel 😂😂😭
this channel convinces me that i wish i could be as fast like The Flash
You should do a laser tattoo removal machine in SLO mo
why do you have a rifle in a box next to you?
this was uploaded on my birthday!
2:27 is what you came here for...
Maybe you could do a collab with Nile Red and do some high speed recording of unstable chemicals going kablooey.
Finally, I found a way to steal a car
This machine is beast .... Where is dan?
That sound at 07:58 it must be used in a Thor movie when he hits adamantium or something
ля это просто безумно быстро, почти  с мульёна кадров удалось более менее замедлить это...
Very cool! Make sure Dan knows we miss him!!
Use this camera to record an AIRBAG blowing up!!!
very helpfull for cgi artist improve simulated glass
1 or 2 frames of C R A C K
Hey slow mo guys. Here's an interesting, albeit challenging idea. Try to capture sprites with your high speed camera. There those red things that appear in an instant above a distant heavy thunderstorm. Your best bet is either Texas or Oklahoma during storm season. Or better yet. Try contacting YouTube storm chaser Pecos Hank. With his expertise, you guys can get a slow mo sprite
I could never anticipate if one day some spark plug randomly flies towards my car window at *that* speed
It would cool to see a 55 gallon drum crush under atmospheric pressure in slow mo https://youtu.be/JsoE4F2Pb20
yeah like a my pc,i playing pugb in my pc and get 800.000 fps super slow motion bro🤣🤣
Thats so cool🥺
This is one of the videos I've always wanted to see. Thank you Gav!
4:30 didn't you guys film the speed of light before tho
video ini mengajarkan bagaimana mencuri
my request is to film , 2 guns aiming against each other resulting their bullets hitting each other plz.. who agree?
2006 toyota caldina door
Nice
Up to 2.5 million people now know this old 80s biker trick to smash cager windows. In next weeks video we will be showing you how to set a razor blade between 2 coins.
Puts play back speed at o.25x  I AM SLOWER THAN SLOW MO GUYS
Where is Dan?
Can you film a welding arc in slowmotion? Im a welder and wanna see how it looks like at those fps
I worked at a tempered glass plant for 45 years and have always wanted to see glass blow up in slow motion. Thanks.
Playback speed 0.25 at 3:24 awesome! 😊👌
Spark plug to a freakin window?.?.  Seriously lame and pathetic... its like theyre running out of ideas.
I just achieved 1,400,000FPS by changing the playback speed to 0.25
But is it finally faster than a Prince Rupert's drop?
Uuuummm Where’s Dan?
The slow mo guys: shows the video 3280x slower. Me: not enough *change speed to 0.25 in youtube*
Super slowmo check 2:55🔥
wow i have an idea, is possible to record when a light is being turn on, i wanna know if is posssible see how fast is the light, regards from colombia
What is the size of one second that this camera shoots ؟ in MB or GB ... ?
imagine playing a game at that fps
Camera: 4 million frames per second youtube: best I can do is 50
This was beautiful. That was such a many year in the waiting satisfaction.
ᬤᬃᬡ᭄ᬦ᭄᭟᭟ ᬲᭀ ᬘᭁᬮ᭄
throwing a rock gives the same effect
I only clicked on it because the thumbnail looked like a spark plug floating in space
Wow thats over 500k mph!!!
Serious question is it faster than the speed of sound?
Where is dan
Try putting purified water in freezer for 2 hours and carefully take it out and knock it and film the water freezing
Absolute madness watching each smash at 0.25 speed as well as ur awesome slow mo
You and Dan should face time while making videos!
So bad when you shoot 800.000 Fbs .. and  export video 25 Fbs !! .. 😑😠 Why ??
where’s Dean ?
Him: this can’t go slower.  Me: sets it to x.25
Set ur video to 0.025 speed
Very cool!! Can you try spinning the glass next time? I think it would look very awesome! Love from Estonia
What is the cost? Lens?
The depressed connection feraly slap because accountant essentially wait among a same chimpanzee. second-hand, pleasant playground
Oh i would love to see the thing where you shoot Lightning into a pane of glass to capture it with this (sorry dont know the name of it :( )
my gf leaves me  7:59 my heart
Satysfaing sesungguhnya
800,000 FPS + Youtube playback speed 0.25
What is the cost of this camera ?
all the real slo mo bois watch this in 0.25 playback speed 😎
So up to 800k fps now? Have you thought of redoing any videos that you've made in the past? Such as the lightning storm you and Dan visited?
First it's not the spark plug itself but the sharp edges of the ceramic being able to peirce the glass
@smartereveryday Destin—can you revisit the making of a Prince Rupert’s drop with this new Phantom?! It’d be killer to see if we could see the drop taking form as it cools!
Video starts at 2:30
Have you ever filmed the vortex that comes out of a whale shark's mouth in slo mo? If not it could be a first!
Kid: How much à 800K FPS camera cost? Him: Kid have u diamond?
Imagine the GPUS you will need to get 800,000 FPS :)
Guys capture lighting again with tmx phantom pls
Hope This Gets Read.... don't know if ya'll thought about using different types of liquid (coke, pepsi, orange juice, oil etc to see how it flows out of their containers or how fast or low the liquid drops out for an idea. If you have, my fault, no were near as smart as you two. Have a great day!!! 🙃😉🙃
Akainu know this best.
And Legends watching this video in playback speed of -0.25X 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
OMG...the glass fall looks almost like a CG!
It would be nice to see which type of dive is faster to enter deeper into the water in slow motion 😁
I did not understand what is he throwing at the glass
How much does the camera cost? North of 200K?
all i gotta say is: NICE THROW.
Play it with 0.25x speed on youtube  You're welcome
can anyone pls tell how the audio works is it recorded real time and slowed down or computer generated or what?
Only I that had part learned this with The walking dead Telltale series?
People from Atlanta and Detroit having flashbacks
Wonder if there are 'stepped leaders' at the micro fronts of these cracks like lightning. Looking for the best quantum path of least resistance.
Yall should film the firing of neurons with those scientists that study mice brains.
Play at 0.25 speeed. SLOWMO BOOOOOOST
At 3:01 use 0.25 PLAYING SPEED and thank me later hahahha
How much is that camera?
where's Dan ?
82,000 fps: *YOU HAVE REACHED THE END OF THE UNIVERSE*
If I play this at x0.25 then have I just broken their record
Me as a Canadian lad fan Watching in 0.25x speed
Contact Lars Anderson! You could do some crazy collab!
800 000 FPS is so insanely rapid that it is hard to visualize. For comparison, Shrek has 129576 frames, so that camera shoots the frame equivalent of ~6.17 Shreks/second.
Only quality!
❤️❤️
i still dont understand why this works but a heavy pointy rock doesnt
Play it in 0.25x speed, watch the glass break in 3.2 Million Fps. Thank me later xD.
Wow
This video deserves more views...:D
These guys filiming a video on 1 trillion fps.... And there is me, who is watching this video on 60fps on 720p :(
I'm gonna wait for the 1,000,000,000 fps
watched this at  .25x 😎
Wow Even at that frame rate blank and you miss it
"using the camera mic should be fine"....
What was the speed of glass propagation ?
Go to any local body shop and they can give you car doors for DAYS lol. Usually a dented door will be replaced and the glass is still fine.
the resolution is amazing, you should do a short showing the best clip from your first phantom, compared to a clip from this beast
Bro why is it not full screen ??????wanna see the impact point!!!!!!!
Does this mean you could stack cameras and get higher resolution?
7:00  this is why you came here !!!
Has gavin heard about AI upscaling?
Why do sound like tomska
the year 2100: ion plug vs antique cybertruck glass at 15 trillion FPS!
Your really suplosed to throw the entire spark plug lol
Taught me a easy way to break in a car thanks 🤝
so legit question thou how come hes wearing shorts? i mean being around breaking glass and all
Wow
Watches 800,000 fps at .25x video speed *Oh yeah, big brain time*
Please do a slow mo video on Sand Blasting!
reminds me of the walking dead
What is the speed the shattering propagates?
Breaking into a car at 800,000FPS!!
How do you plan to clean every bit of glass up?
explicando la ciencia detrás de los choros bujieros  xD
3:44 one of the greatest lines ever
you can use a slingshot to throw the ceramic, so you can target it.
Where is dan?
Is the redbull and napkin real ?
Thank you very much! Another educational and beautiful video. As a teenager (back in 90s) i've heard that you can brake the car glass with a car plug easily, but i was a bit sceptical. Now, seeing it in slow mo, was worth waiting) the way cracks moved through the glass surface reminded me of a lightning  And congrats on new phantom!
Criminals are sayin "I knew that alredy"
*Everyone else gets it still fast* *Me who slowed it down*
slow mo guy : 14M subscribers and has the best camera for sale pewdiepie : 100M subscribers and still can't have more than 30 fps
Could you set it up to record lightning?
We all want to see the Prince Ruperts drop at this frame speed. !!!!
I love 1 or 2 frames of crack..
WOW, you took a 1 min video and turned into 9!! talk about SLOW MO
me as an intelectual watching the glass crack at x0.25 speed
Can't wait to watch Dustin cut grass with a weed eater at 500,000 frames per second!
Out of all the things they could film, one of the most interesting is simply breaking glass.
BOAT MOTOR!!!!!! 😳
Play the video at 0.25x and you can further slow down the video..!!
What am i doing, i have a math exam tomorrow
Me puting it on 0.25 speed 4mil frames ps
Time Waste.. idiot
Sheeeeesh
How much dies the Camera cost ? XD
❤️❤️
Gavin I don’t know if you’ve answered this question before, but how much of a hassle is it to sift through the video to find the start time of when you actually complete the experiment itself?
Set your playback speed to 0.25 then go to 3:00.
Did you know that you can slower it even more slower than the power of that machine you can do that by clicking option on this video and slower this video, If you did, you would always be one step ahead of the Phantom.
You should make a video about how two mirrors reflect against eachother infinately in slow motion
I was tripping on acid one time and reality broke into a thousand fragments like broken glass and fell to the bottom of my vision. Soon after the pieces began floating and reassembling themselves in the wrong order.
Awesome
WOW
What happened to dan
guys in indonesia a thief car use the ceramic of spark plug but you must break into small pieces and mix in your inside your mouth and throw to the glass
Video budget: $30000. Audio budget: $30
very nice haircut!
That makes for a great loading bar
PONÉ SUBTITULOS FORRO
But the video's only 50fps
The Slow Mo Guys 800.000 mi monitor 144 fps youtube : nopp , 60 fps
7:57 I like the sound
I dream of the day we can capture 2 million frames per second at 4K so we can truly measure the fracture speed of a lot of materials
I decreased the time to .25 and it’s still fast moving
Awesome footage, amazing fps!
How a about a drop of water evaporating to a hot pan in slow motion i wonder hoy that looks
Hi ya ! :) Where is this second guy ? :)
7:46 oh my god😱 is it mission gun😂
No that's no fast that's super slow😂😂
It looks like a water bottle in space
You are the guys that made SHEEESH to S H E E E S H 😌
Gettign into airsoft, Gav? Some slowmo stuff on HPA/GBB/AEGs would be pretty neat!
2:14 why the map on left is upside down?
1 or 2 frames of crack 😂
Now that scene in the walking dead game makes sense
Glass break like hulk smash
This menthod use for thief in Malaysia.
I am watching this video with my 30 fps phone
1:10 the spirit of Michael Rosen briefly possesses him
this is actually one of the most beautiful things i’ve ever seen
Me using my whole IQ and watching the slow motion in 0.25x 😇
Slowed that last shot down to 3.2 million FPS with the 0.25x playback 😏
It’s 3:03 thank me later
Does this means that life's fps is at least 500k frames per second?
the spark plug actually sparking would've been cooler. literally could've throw anything at the window for the same effect lol
This is some valuable data for my Mechanical Engineering degree thanks a lot!
Please add subtitles, that'd be super duper helpful
Me watching at 360p
wow thats so cool! insane framerate
Надеюсь ты прочитаешь это! Будет круто, если ты выстрелить в объектив своей дорогущей камеры и запишешь это на видео. Я знаю что это очень будет очень дорогое видео, но оно наверное будет и самым лучшим. Удачи, буду рад если ты осмелишься сделать это)
that mean it move faster than light right? haha
Kudłaty ze scoobiego 😂
I wonder if the main reason that the ceramic has such an impact on the tempered glass is due to it’s hardness, as opposed to sharpness . Ceramics are harder and therefore capable of indent glass. Obviously by applying all that force to a point is probably the deciding factor. Any Material Scientists/engineers out there feel free to correct me. Genuinely curious.
me an intellectual putting the play back speed at 0.25
7:58 The noise is like lightning
Am I  in space 🙄??
“One or two frames of crack”
Amazing its awesome
You gotta try and get a lightning bolt on that
Anyone seeing that m16: time 7:43
no more walking barefoot in there
I really want to see you use this with bullets!! Being so slow watching it almost stop it space. Like this comment get it to the top
e
I rly just came to see Dan
You guys should film Sharpening a knife in slow mo
Wait, does this mean you have a better camera than Destin now?
Next can you pinpoint the exact moment my heart gets ripped in half?
i miss the sound of dan just going, "....good...lord" in a dumbfounded tone, especially when gavin says something like "as of this moment this is the fastest we've ever shot on this channel"
I was watching this at 0.25 speed.
You welcome.
Hmmm...Does this call for another trip to Uvalde, TX? Seeing that Sherman tank fire at that many fps would be wicked.
Collab with demolition ranch
3:03 speed at 0.25. listen.
Now you just need multiple phantoms focusing in sequential locations along the glass allowing you to edit the footage so it looks like a continuous shot of the glass cracking xD
I wish you could record bullet firing over glass
That thing can record light travel around 500 to 600  feet between frames
if the spark plug in my country is used as a toy
Give my channel a peak, let me know what you think criticism allowes
where is dan
a fuckig camera has its own cooler
i wanna see one of those ruperts drops at 1.5 million fps daaaaayum.
Wanna get more amazed play through 3:03 in 0.25X, I bet it would be satisfying (basically it is 13120 times slower than the original video)
The new (camera) phantom sounds like my ps4
Science!
watch this with x0.25
Your YouTube or name should’ve been slow Mo Bros
You should have made you’re YouTube name slow mo broa
Instead of trying to YEET the piece of ceramic at the glass, maybe a slingshot?
Prince Ruperts drop?
I really hope more camera improvements are in the works. Having to diminish the frame size really kills the joy of watching stuff break in slo-mo.
Might cry the first time I see Dan in the videos again
a lesson on densely packed molecules and high resonance
Its a FIREWORK!!!
The Ultimate Slow Mo Guys Video 1000 years later: Filming the Big Bang  at 5,000,000,000,000,000,000 Frames per second
next vid idea: film a bullit going trough a fighter jet exhaust
I can’t wait to see Dan back on this channel! It’s been so long!
you were supposed to b two. where is your mate.
go to 3:03 and set speed to .25 and u will see the cracks form a bit closer  EDIT: u mum gae lmao
just a guy casually breaking glass
I tell you what... I just hit the bell.  I never do that.  More!!!
Okay... I was LITERALLY last week thinking about you guys making a video of doing just this, and here you are😳
I know you also slowed down the video, I did it too
I wonder if the sound really aligns with the video footage? Did the camera record the audio?
Where is the second sci guy?
You should try with max fps and microlens, it would be soo cool to see the crack moving
I wonder what the coolest thing to film at 1.75M frames is ?
Do a lightning slow mo again with this!
you guys should record a nitroglycerin reaction next
I’m sorry - I blinked
I guess Glenn was right in the first episode of telltale twd.
I wish I knew how to tell how fast that speed is of the glass breaking. Like in KMH how fast is that glass moving? Is it face enough to use C instead of mach?
Now show us minecraft glass breaks in slowmo please.
Imagine what an overcharged plasma globe lamp being thrown on the floor would look like with the new camera
Buy a f"cking microphone!
really wish i had that camera it would be mad for filming
Do you know what will be cool to shot on the brand new super fast camera? Yes, another video with Dan and water baloon!
Ludahin dulu bang lebih op
Gav, i'd love to know what camera you wish you could get but can't afford...is there a camera out there that is just even more insane!
5:07  I'm sure the video would have paid for itself. And 100 more
You should do a video on explosive hydroforming!
Sounds like a superhot sound bite
It looks beautiful at 7:05
Y knot use a pendulum to crack the glazz? it would give a repeatable impact, repeatable target and adjustable  thrust. You could use a light to trigger the camera to go on to insure that the action will be at the beginning and aimed on the impact point
The chopping board one was awesome, it looks like a start up of a cinema.
nooooo you cut your haaaaair! :(
Those Slow Mo Videos never disappoint me.
It went from The Slow Mo Guys to The Slow Mo Guy.
If I watch this video at 0.25x speed, is that equivalent to 2.4million FPS on the phantom?
First hit got a hole in the window. But in slowmo... No hole. Fake video
So, what is the calculated speed of the cracking? Preferably, in MPH would be awesome! PS: I need the PPI or the width of the 800k fps in inches for calculations please
Please do a video on gasoline (or vodka for almost the same effect) poured onto liquid nitrogen. You’ll get an awesome set of colours.
I know it’s been a couple of years since I watched these guys but what happened to the other guy he’s usually with
Pants on
Hi. I'd love to see one of those machines that count money in slowmo, is it possible?
This wont go away from my recommended list .....
Super satisfying
nice camera, mate. Congratulations
Much like big bang
banda no lo pongan en 4k, yo lo puse y vinieron los bomberos 😔
Even at the fastest f/s the breakage travel speed was fairly quick. Glass is just weird.
This is coming from the people who filmed the speed of light 🤯
this is how carnapper use spark plug to carnap the car
Been wanting to see the cracks move through glass for years. Finally got to see that. this is so awesome...
This video is so coolllll! i like to watch glass breaks in slow mo:)
You've cut your hair and cleaned yourself up!  Bravo!  Thank you for the video and my kids and I look forward to seeing what you can do with your new amazing camera.
Is the sound recorded actual?
This video actually teach people how to robbery
What’s the price of the new 7510?
At 800,000 frames a second, a powerful enough laser and the correct angle, one could easily film the speed of light.
me after my ex : 8:00
Just out of interest, how much do one of those cameras cost ???
Mau maling bang?
Google said humans csn only see 60fps, I want to know if it is true?
I miss Dan
I'm very curious to know how much a camera like this costs.
Last shot is like PS2 startup sound
maybe this could capture UFOs one day
I thought you recording the speed of light was the slowest yet?
Me who thinks that this video is about that spark plug sparking electricity which would hit the car window: *My dissapoinment is immeasurable*
You chose the wrong video to wear shorts
7:48 I love the fact that it like falls down and then stops dead for like a couple of instants before it cracks and breaks. INSANE!
Yo  I regret ignoring this vid 4 days ago  And now it hit 2M + views....  This is absolutely insane 🔥🔥  Never seen anything like this even in movies...
it's like watching a shockwave from an explosion.
The worthless oxygen steadily excite because coin consequentially wriggle failing a thoughtless spoon.  foamy, wary loaf
Pagode da ofensa tá diferente
Is it still the slow mo ‘Guys’? Or guy? Where did old mate go?
Кризис жанра. Повтор повторов... ничего нового
You wanna have nighmares about being pisessed by a demon that molests younin the middle of the night? Set playback speed to .25x and watch 3:05 - 3:15. Sorry in advance to everyone affected.
2:42 The slowmo moment begins..
2:16 The moment when it started.
Ooooooooo a prince Ruperts tear on that phantom would be cool to see!!!
Сделайте с русскими и английскими субтитрами, PLEASE!!!
People thinking they are watching in 800000 fps right now🤡
The "Slow Mo Guys" are "THE ONLY GUYS"!
I experimented with the spark plug ceramic 30 years ago and found the inner ceramic around the electrode works better. A much smaller piece would break the glass.
043: people in 2100, "how slow the people of past were."
How much does that camera cost
Where is dan ?
Is the sound real?
Öğğ ben 60 fps oynuyom öğğ
Me watching it in 0.25X slow mo guy pro max
Gav looks rather dapper here.
Begal: let's try
and now slow the video down to .25x
If u slow it down with ur phone also it gets real crazy
I loved the slight pause before the cracks propagated in that last shot.
I slow mo'd the slow mo
It’s like a nuke on glass
That cut though, oh my god gavin
put the video speed on 0.25, you're welcome
Is that a prius car door
New phantom??? NEW PHANTOM!!!!!!!! OMG!!!! 1.75M FPS... geez holy sheit!
I miss the hi I'm gave and I'm Dane intros
awesome, the best ever
Yo . Normaly you can slow the slomo down in An editing software .you can shoot high res then slow it down in post . 🤷🏾‍♂️
film a banana being run over at high speeds? watching that explode under a care tyre would be really fun :P
why did I get unsubbed?
Wtf is Dan
What is Irony? Watching slowmo video at 2x🤣
Can you please film bullets impacting various objects with densities, such as lead or Steel
send that glas to tesla they should analyze it
"someone's car" bro?
South African smash & grabbers gon love this video
I hate to be that guy, but can you do this again with really clean, crystal clear glass? So the cracks just seem to appear out of thin air
Anyone else also put the playback speed to 0.25x
I am very curious how much memory is taken from only 5 seconds of recording at that high of a speed
idk why i feel like my life has changed after watching this
Can’t you see light move in nano seconds i mean it’s in feet so I think the camera would have to be a ways away and resolution would be god awful most likely but I wonder if you could make anything out would be cool to see light travel on your channel
Enjoyed that. Would love to see some bullet exit, travel and impact using that camera.
Makes easy for a doctor to understand the injuries
So I should start carrying these around in my car for the next person that cuts me off or is driving stupid 😂
3:59 nice leg bro stop shaving legs GAE! *Zoomed in with phantom to see your leg*  And who wonders where your Views goes... to the wonderers of  TMX 7510 its about 5k$   Thank me later because its impossible to buy online.
Whatched this at 0.25 I have now seen 3.2 M FPS footage! 😂😂😂
Me watching this video in 0.25x 😋
you where doing this instead of ydyd
how do i get one of those cameras in my computer
😳 a lil’ slower and you’ll be able to turn back time
Can you please let us know the speed of glass crack? In km/hr may be?
Next time a friend talks about how slow my frame rate is I'ma just show him this. 80k fps
3:06 Mario entered the chat
I’ve known this for 20 yrs. on tint. It doesn’t make a sound.
have you ever tried non tempered glass?
the sound of the final break at the end omfdg amazing
Me with 60 fps hz monitor
You guys should record a firecracker
When I read the title I thought he'd be zapping the glass with the spark plug.
If both you and Gavin get the Vaccination, you can once again have him in videos.
Given up the T,Hanks castaway look now then 🤣😂😉
You should do a collab with How Ridiculous! Sure glad you've still been able to film even with the Pandemic! Missing Dan!
I used to carry broken off spark plug ceramic pieces to thro at people's windshields when they wouldn't quit getting too close to the back of my motorcycle
I can't wait to see the explosion video
The plastic pieces don't crack the windows the ball bearing my guy
Over years of watching this channel, we've really come to see how advanced slowmo tech has gotten
How much does this thing cost
Remove ceramic from plug, put it on a long rubber band, pull back  and let it smack the glass. Ceramic is what breaks it with ease.
Yeah bruv slow motion innit
Spark plugs has to be wet to get much  better effect, I had experience with this method 15 years ago.
Please and I mean PLEASE collab with SmarterEveryDay and his Baseball cannon!!!
Di Indonesia tehnik untuk maling mobil :v
Most people think you need a large piece of ceramic from the spark plug to get glass to break, but the smaller the piece, the better it works.  The piece of ceramic should be smaller than the head of a match.
gorgeous
Ok Gavin, as soon as Dan can return, you gotta take your new toy and do another ice sculpture explosion. The ice turned to a snow-like texture instantaneously last time at 1k fps.
u have no idea how many times i click on 3:03
Was not expecting the 82,000 to be so much more awesome then the 800,000
This is about all that a glass cutting board is good for. Certainly no one that actually cares about their kitchen knives would ever use one AS a cutting board.
I like your cut g
i miss dan
How many miles per hour does the crack move?
Toothpick flick slo-mo?
Insane🔥
Never thought I’d know what my exact car door and color window broken in slow motion would look like but here we are
One or two frames of crack. Yea that’s what slow motion videos are for me
where is Dan?
whats up with this it's The Slow Mo Guys not The Slow Mo Guy wheres the other one?
Used to keep a spark plug in my jacket pocket when riding my motorcycle for when some a hole trys to run me off the road he loses a window.
As someone who makes tempered glass, these videos always floor me on how explosive and quick the glass really is.
It would be awesome to see a bullet being fired from a gun with those frames. Like a revolver specifically, watching the hammer drop, the explosion from the powder burning, and then the bullet exiting the barrel... that would be sweet.
You guys should make a video of shaving cream expanding in slo mo
can't wait for more videos on this camera! 🤤
Would be cool to see the atomic structure of this glass break.
Imagine if the car alarm went off
change the playback speed and itll be even slower
The crazy bit for me is how the speed scales with the other things happening in the shot
I used 0.25x speed that means I saw it 4x slower.. amazing
Where is your friend?!!??!?! He has been gone :(
Why did you lie in the title? You never filmed a car window breaking at 800,000 FPS
If only I can get this many frames in rust
me just slowing down the video 🤓🧠
I really like the slow-mo sound from the movie judge dred.
Can you try to film the "speed of light" with that camera? Maybe turn on and off a laser pointer and try to catch a frame where the beam hasn't made it all the way through the shot... That would be dope.
Tremendous
It looks like lightning. Hmmmmm.
You should do the mirror video with this camera when Dan returns as you guys joked that next time there was a better camera he’d do it again and get more bad luck, but I’d honestly like to see it
Can you do a collab video with dan from this channel called slow mo guys?
I'm just glad it wasn't feet per second.
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
That camera looks like it’s anti-personnel and it fires off a few thousand rounds per minute
Now i know why you took a long time to post a new content, i highly recommend you to screen record the result than you save it, it'll save your life
How many miles per hour is it moving? There's a question that can be calculated!
Imagine travelling at that speed: 800 000 fps
I have a question, if you slow it down to 120fps does that mean its 2x slower?
7:46 Random rifle in the background... just in case... ?
Video starts at 2:28
Even cooler when I make Youtube slow the video down to 0.25 😎
Slomo guys: this is the slowest we can go Me: *puts speed on 0.25x*
I want you guys to film lightning again with this. Also tell Dan we miss him.
Can you record lightning again with this one?
how fast would you have to shoot to capture photons of light in their travels?
I miss dan.
@smartereveryday
Watching this video in 0.25 speed. Bigbrain mode!
so i guess not using ceramic knives on glass cuttingboards would be the smart thing to do ?
i wana see lighting with that thing
I get this much fps in games B) it's called bluescreen 😎😎💪👍
Why don’t you guys put a few of these cameras together and fill it at the highest frame rate then stitch the videos together to get a full shot
Amazing ❤️
800k FPS with that slow motion still faster then my internet
2:45
it still blows my mind watching every episode knowing that gavin engineers all the audio for these from scratch.....
❤️
The *Slow Mo* Guys: Uploads a video Me: Watches it as x2 speed The *Slow Mo* Guys: "Am I a joke to you?" 👁👄👁
“I don’t want to keep wasting money on automotive glass”  *buys six figure camera*
Can you track current speed?
On the last shot you can see the transfer of energy wave from bottom to top and back down before it cracks. So cool.
Wow, what a camera
You should redo the cd/record video (how fast they'll spun before shatter) with the new camera
Still glass cracks at high speed at 80000 frames per second
Would be cool to see an octopus or chameleon's camouflage change in slo-mo
This is incredible to watch, especially when trying to wrap my head around how much that camera is doing in the space of a second, considering most computers take a couple of minutes to copy a couple of Gigabytes.
800000 fps? okay i cant be more aroused.
Where is Dan?
Life hack: if you want to see it even slower reduce your playback speed
😺🙀💥💛👍👍
2105240306
WOW THATS BEAUTIFUL
Your almost getting fast enough to record light itself!
Ya boy with a fresh hair cut looking good
>spend +$50,000 on a phantom tmx >wants to shoot a car window breaking at 800,000 >realize car windows are too expensive so opts for $10 cutting boards  >shoots 800,000 fps video of a cutting board instead
Your supposed to run a shoe lace thru a ceramic piece that is cleanly broken with hole still in tact. I mean... a friend told me...😬
Slow mo of popcorn popping
Next time use a tiny piece. Only 1. If you want a type of  small explosion use 3 small pieces
Thanks for accepting my request and thanks for making this video 🙏❤
Have you seen my friend Gavin?
I would suggest a three way collaboration with Smarter Everyday and his recording of shock waves and Demolition Ranch where he shoots glass orbs with a .50 caliber rifle.
Make me think if the travel speed of a crack is still limited by the speed of light. Assume we can find a material that cracks that fast.
SloMo community is the worst. It was founded way back in the 90’s and they’ve barely moved a quarter inch since then.
You guys look depressed and bored😖😖
Can you do fire ignition?
Lo curioso es que el vídeo está en 50 fps
This was AMAZING!!! 800,000 fps!?!?!?
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3BJsL2mf3zgf8Zavd3Wibw/videos
They keep their 12k videos waiting for YouTube to support that resolution.
I guess this cam is definitely fast enough to catch Tyler Durden manipulating movies in the cinema.
Fantastic new gear. A rewarding object of slow-mo footage could be an FPV drone crashing or the propellers hitting something (branches, fruit, styrofoam, ...).
Oooh, ooh, go back and do the CD on the drill!!! And the measuring cup, and, and, and..... :)
3:05 put in 0.25x🤣😂
People in the UK haven't been allowed to leave the country since covid started? That's ridiculous
How much does that camera cost?
I replayed the first slow mo so many times! So satisfying!
when will the duo finaly return
gav really likes the crack
7:14 This looks very similar to when it gets cold enough here in MN (-40) and water or spit on metal will freeze within seconds. You can watch in real time as the ice crysals form and spread.
Beautiful phantom!
Imagine using multiple phantoms to get that speed for a full image by stitching the footage together
Me, an intellectual. *0,25x playback speed*
Gets the ultimate slow motion camera with a million fps can buy a collarmic
Just a quick question Gav. How much have you spent in total on all your phantom cameras ?
You should take that new Phantom and team up with Adam Savage to recreate the cement truck explosion! They didn't capture it in true slow motion then and with current tech it would look insane!
Fact that the camera captured more than the light speed which is (300,000 km/sec)🙆🤷
Where did the other guy go
More FPS?   Better call Linus, you're going to need a much bigger server!
looks like a 90s game cgi 😂
Catch the speed of light now
Does anyone know where Dan is?
Regular glass. Breaks so differently. Camera amazing. Omg.
Asmr sound of glass Broken into a pieces😍😍😍😍😍
I need this for wallpaper
Basolutely mindblowing! THANK YOU for those shots!!!
3:03
6:16 “22nd of April”?
Is that a gudetama suitcase? :D
How bored are we to be looking at a guy breaking glass
Amazing.  Anyone do the math on the speed of "the break wave?"
Waw
i get 10/60 fps in games but you 800k???!?!? i dream to havE that in minecraft im worried about playing my video my graphics card may explode
When you can slow it down even more from the video itself LMAO
Does someone know how much this camera costs
it is ridiculously fast to break the car window
Try lightning next time around.
How many fps do you want? Yes.
I play on 0.25x
It just took me 9 minutes and 9 seconds to push the start button on my coffee maker.
Where did his partner go?  - Sorry, but I'm really very interested.
We know  that in 19 century spark plug can cut glass easily 🤦
The 500000 fps one looked like a blender animation
the sound at 7:59 is haunting. I love it
Time to redo every single one of your videos...and please make the first one that disk/record spinning video
My Xiaomi phone can do 960 fps for about 1 second. lol
and i was happy about running Minecraft at 300 fps...these dudes just had to go absolutely nuts😂
Me Puting it ten time slower in my screeen
You guys should film Lightings in slow motion.
“Of around the 4 MILLION frames the camera just took, the glass crack only took 145 frames to travel across” THAT IS NUTS!
I’m not caught up on the lore, did Dan leave??
This is one of the coolest things I’ve seen Gav. Wish Dan was here to see it 😢
Can we please slo-mo a car tire spinning way too fast I want to see slo-mo vibration of a 300 mph car tire. Thumbs up this y'all so he sees
Just change to 0.25 speed via Youtube, works better then your camera :p haha
Well, that cheered me up no end.  You just showed me what happened to my car door last month when some piece of slime smashed the window to take my wallet.
you know what would be cooler, watching him pull that protective film off the screen
1:33 Anybody else's OCD triggered by that un-ripped protective film?
Even it's alreadh 800k fps, I am still add another 0.25 playback to watch this.
No need for it to be a spark plug lol. Just hard enough with a point that will concentrate the force. Ppl these days are so freaking dumb
The glass doesn't look like it's breaking, it looks like the damage is rather growing like a tree grows roots... very interesting...
“Crack”, lol.
so...  car window beats hammer hammer beats spark plug spark plug beats car window now someone come up with hans signs for each.
Kinda wanna see it at its highest fps setting not gonna lie 🤣 just grab ton of lights and highest setting even if I could barley see it , worth it .
Do that with a iPhone pls
Just to put into perspective how INSANE 1,750,00 fps is, that's the equivalent of watching roughly 20 HOURS worth of footage at 24 fps from a single second at 1.75 million fps....
HOW FAST IS THE CRACK?
Fun fact: using a slowmo on a slowmo will make it slower
WW3 NUCLEAR BOMB SCENE BUT IT WILL BE REAL😶 3:20
So if I watch this at 0.25x, am I watching 3.200.000 fps? :D
c / 1 750 000 FPS = 171.3 meters per frame
Thanks for the shave and video Gav!
at last glass lagged and broke😂
Love how when he bumps it up to the *fastest they've every done on the channel* it's not with any grand fanfare or a big reveal...  Its just 'What if we do half a million?'
slow mo guy
Me having approx 269IQ and watching this in 0.25 speed to have 3.2 million frames per second B)
where is dive
@The Slow Mo Guys aWESOME does not cover that footage...thats incredible...just as a side thought ...I wonder how many feet of film would that have taken were this 1986...of course realising that the film would not have withstood the speed without exploding etc
1.75 million frames per second. insanity
I switched my video to .5x so I can see 1,600,000 fps
I saw Glenn telling Lee to do it this way in Telltale's The Walking Dead.
It's so Beautiful ❤️😍
Wait what if I watch this video 0.25x slower
Круто
Fun fact : YouTube only supports 60FPS
This video was kinda lame, only 2 min of slow motion
Funny enough, that glass shatter looks a lot like lightning through the sky in slow-mo.
Thumbnail made me think it was an Interstellar clip.
You should change the channel name to “The Slow Mo Guy, and sometimes if we’re lucky Dan is there too.”
Slomo guys a couple of years ago:   I am limited by the technology of my time
What if you throw the whole spark plug?
One day you will be able to take a slowmo video of the light speed...
One day, these cameras are going to get so fast that we will see the true fps of the universe lol
If you watched the demonstration from Indonesia's channels, they smashed the plug, soaked it with saliva, throw it to the car's window & you can push the glass with bare hands.
Me putting it on .25x to try and make it slower
your vids are satisfying but you are uploading few
There is a myth that polymer tipped bullets have the tip melt off in flight and the whole concept is a marketing ploy.  Set up a cam at 500yd and shoot past it with some calibers to see. 223 /204 ruger /308
Thought he was going to say he was waiting for Dan to get back ;_;
Pro gamer move - Buy 10 of these cameras and have each record a super thin strip then stitch them together into a full video.
Where's Dan?
My phone fell and the screen broke while watching this. Unfortunately didn't have a camera pointed to it. Crack starts at 3 separate points. It was a long fall.
Slomo Idea: Metal welding would look very interesting!!
Hehe thanks for teaching me how to steal things Jk Love from South Korea
Lol you guys invented this in 2021 spark plug to shatter glass. I have been doing this since 2006 when were kids. 😂🤦🏻‍♂️
Everything has a community nowadays! There is no "that crazy guy", there is just "the crazy community"!
What happened to the other guy?
capture light
Been a while since I’ve checked out the Fellas and I wasn’t expecting Gav to sound so unbelievably different from when he first moved to the states. I guess that’s him slowly losing his accent for you.
Hey Gavin! With Covid restrictions being lifted, has Dan been making any plans to visit?
can you slow-mo light
Gav: "and we'll get insane with the framerate" All Gav's fans: "Insane with the frames!"
The harmonious italy enthrallingly attract because vein intraorally shade given a spiteful cowbell. limping, threatening limit
പൊന്നളിയാ പൊളി😍
And I thought my 60fps Xbox was high FPS
I am watching this on the highway while waiting for The tow truck
I wish 60fps was in my phone
CAN YOU CAPTURE A BEAM OF LIGHT IN A DARK ROOM
Just another fantastic slo-mo... the last one gave me chills!
I like you better with the craz hair
My PC usually runs games at around 800,000fps
guys where is dan
Playing wz at 800,000 fps
Slomo
8:06 when you collect nuts and bolts in ratchet and clank
Champion!
So new prince rupert  drop vid?
So how much did this camera go for? It's not listen on their website
Gavins accent has changed drastically in the last decade 😂 some words are pronounced with a very American sounding accent and others remain the same ,, very interesting 😂
Slowmo doang, Jedag jedug kagak
klipsch forte goes hard
5:55 perfect start to a movie tralier
Right, but that is an M16 in your garage tho, right? 7:43
I believe most junkyards sell windows for around$30
Where’s the other guy
3:00 the spark plug looks like some object in space
Fantastic!
Is Dan stuck in England or something?
Where is the homie Dan?
Gavin: **tries to break window with sledgehammer**  Also Gavin: **forgets physics of tempered glass**
Maybe can have one subject about powerful badminton smash.🤩
Set the resolution to atleast 1080p50..play it on 0.25x..thank me later..
When covid restrictions lift I'd love to see The Slow Mo Guys and How Rediculous do a collab on something
I think the cracks in the mirror are travelling 10time faster than hypersonic speed  Nearly 50 thousand kilometre per hour
Why do I keep hearing this?: SUPER HOT MIND CONTROL SUPER HOT MIND CONTROL
2:59 this reminds me of Interstellar.
Never looked into the price of cameras before, how much would this cost? $100k? $1 Million?
good job Jake Gyllenhaal
I wonder how large these video files are lol
3:05 it’s a mee Mario lol nice vid tho
Only legends know that we are watching 80000 fps at 60 fps
price of the camara?
We know the sound is artificial, and for me it sounds inaccurate so that makes it looks worse
Gav, all your friends died while you were making this vid
Where jeff
Where is the other slo mo guy?
Love that smarter everyday shout out😂
A video of completely ridiculous numbers 😂 love it
Wild
I am in awe at the speed of the crack even at 800k frames per second. It is sheer insanity.
A few years more and they will be shooting photons moving around them
What happened to Dan
That's who took all your hard drives!
Cant wait for the next lightning adventure with the new cam⚡⚡
wooow
This video has some of the best slow mo shots I've ever seen in my life. Wow. I'm seriously impressed. Nay, this collection of footage is the best slow motion shots I've ever seen in my life and I've been subbed to this channel for years
Could you record a video in slow motion then send the video to  another camera to make it slower and slower etc?
You should make a welding video. mig, tig, stick, and flux core. Profesional vs Dan
Can't even run 30 fps on my PC
I'd love to keep following your videos, but Youtube has made that impossible with the sheer number of ads interrupting them. It's stupid ridiculous. They make money off of your content. Ask them to stop monetizing every second they possibly can.
*puts play back speed at 0.25x*
I will inform you that 799,950 frames are not available in the video
Great haircut
And here i am getting excited by watching glass stuff What am i
That thing is almost as fast as my 3080...
The processor for reality is spooky fast.
In austria we would say: züntkeazn
Pro Tip: Please don't use glass or stone for your cutting board as it immediately dulls your knife. Glass is harder than steel but more brittle. Thank you.
3:12 Who else WATCHING 0.5x ???
This camera and the small resolution/high frame rate would be PERFECT to record the open end of a computer running a fiber optic networking cable. Maybe a collab with LinusTechTips again to see the difference between gigabit and 10 gig?
spring loaded center punch works good too. psa do not leave the title to your car in the glove box.
why cant you just watch a youtube video, put it at 0.25 speed, record that, watch it at 0.25 speed, on and on?
Weird, as of watching, there's 1.75 million views. Noticed right after hearing the camera did 1.75 million FPS.
I would love to see steam in slo mo
yayyy he got a hair cut
I'm glad you don't look like a hobo anymore.
My personal phantom quest would be searching for all the natural fractal patterns that emerge for an instant in random situations. I see them often flash by in chemistry videos, particularly Nile Red. Most people don't even notice it because it is not the focus of their experiments but that would be my obsession.
Calculate the speed of the glass breaking, that would be interesting
You feel that? it's the same feeling I got after looking at the image of a blackhole for the first time, total geek out!
Should have used a catapult for accuracy maybe or some kind of rig
*records at 500k*   This is the fastest we've ever recorded on this channel.   *recording the speed of light video just lurking*
Where is Dan?
*The Slow Mo Guy   :'(
You need to calculate how fast tempered glass breaks by frame rate. I tried to ballpark it but I don't know the distance.
Me playing this back in 0.25x speed 😎
Post the 800k footage. I'm sure a two-day video won't take that long to upload.
7:58 when you hit the funny bone
Please do 7.62×51mm vs My neighbor's noggin next
You guys must be running out of content ideas
When the vid is capped at 50 frames.
Go to demolition ranch and give him your old camera😘😋
How can the glass crack faster than the speed of sound?
2:30 6:00 7:00 Thank me later
aka door?
all thief in indonesia use this trick since 1980
Was about to see the glass break and then got a lovely 20 second unskippable ad.
Slow mo feel like me in space
This is like crack for my eyes...
Where is Dan, did I miss something?
just wow.
keep uploading and keep the energy
That's sick  Also, can't believe you got Zack Snyder to help with those shots in between
Jesus play this back at 0.25 speed
Just casually spends like a half million dollars on a camera
Do lightning.
The Slow Mo Guy
How much does that camera cost where did you get the money to buy it
So when are you and Destin doing a co-lab?
The satisfying postage concomitantly tip because cook simultaneously stroke circa a cooperative bowl. abortive, foolish stone
Go to 3:06 with 0.25x speed, you’re welcome
Would love to see this new camera with Dustin's baseball cannon.... and seeing the ball rip apart at that speed
This makes me miss school haha
3:03 If you go frame-by-frame, you can see that some cracks actually go backwards -- toward the source.   Once the initial run of cracking has passed, there are some 'bald spots' (for lack of a better term) that are formed while it's still in motion. In those is where you can easiest see the backward movement. There's one that's just slightly above the very center of the image that shows it pretty well.  The backward movement is at around the 7-8 o'clock point of the bald spot.  I wouldn't have expected it to reverse course like that. Neat!
The thankful bush findingsinitially accept because fragrance rarely hunt since a cautious verdict. resolute, shaky slime
PLEASE FILM NITRO GLYCERIN BEING HIT WITH A HAMMER!
Me watching this on .25x playback speed, even more slower😏😂
Wow i didnt check out this guys în a while, lotta good videos
Keep doing what your doing, it's very cool love it
How much does that camera cost?
I want that fantom, can you send it to me for free? I can pay the shipping.
How many fps do you want? PC Master Race: Yes
Thanks for showing all the criminal fraternity how to break into a car so easily! AGHH!  Guess that info's already out there on the dark web!😃. Seriously though, brilliant video!👍
Might be neat to do the same thing again, but with polarization filter tricks. Figure some interesting stuff happens to those patterns seen in glass when it breaks.
2:49 Kore ga Requiem... da
thank god gavin finally had a haircut
Love to see you do lighting again with the speed of this camera it should last more than a few frames
Sort of unrelated, but I was wandering if there is any material that upon impact, would shatter into individual atoms/molecules. If not then what material breaks into the smallest pieces?
makasih bg tips ny, sngt bermanfaat
🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱
Idea. Buy that 100,000 Watt flashlight that Markiplier made a video on. and use that with welder's helmets to record those super high framerates with enough exposure.
I'd love to see praying mantis strikes in slow motion
Yes you know😛🤪😔😱🥶🤯☹️🥳
Tried looking up the cost of this camera, anyone knows?
Is that background audio added post editing or does the camera auto add that
Godspeed 🤩⚡
When that pane hit the ground at 7:58 it made such an amazing sound
2:36 - missing opportunity to finish the job by striking the glass once more and filming all of the individual pieces separate and fall?
I want to know what it like to watch this full speed with an 800 ghz monitor 😂
Need this phantom with the bullet under water
is there also a video where you can see the arc of a spark plug ?
I wonder what field of military activity is feeding the technology in this field?  Very cool.
I love how mature Gavin has gotten, I remember when I watched him 7 years ago and he was like a little kid still lol
6:56
how many Gigabyte is one of you video ? Raw files.
3:03 spaceship comes out of hyperspace...
So how's the 130 terabyte storage server going so far?
So the Matrix was right
The kindhearted string periodically pine because dimple unknowingly found within a awake botany. beneficial, wistful root
https://youtu.be/BRxdwJ4DRKs
I did this when my roommate locked himself out of his truck
When you realize that the camera cost as much as a Lamborghini.
If you need some new ideas and you want to collab..I'm down, Chicago has no travel restrictions right now.
Very cool! I really liked the last shot, with the glass dropped on the floor. Kind of beautiful the way it came apart.
I WANNA SEE DAN WHERE IS HE !!!
with this frame rate, if you will go outside with powerful reflector light, you can film the speed of light  (not in great quality, but still VERY cool)
"Gavin!... Gav?"
No body tell him he could have gotten car windows for 20$ a peice at a junkyard
Nice RC12YC
Miss Dan.  Hope to see him soon
induce not travel
Where is Dan?
Wheres dan:(
Poor lexus door
Slick fade bro.
Play the 500k-fps clip at 0.25x on YouTube to get additional 200k fps.
Where is Dan???
Imagine the small piece ricochets and is hitting right into your lense
I think its safe to say we are gonna be seeing some cooler stuff later in the year
Me being an intellectual: 0.25x speed
Blow it through a straw?
Gav, thank you for getting this new camera. What a treat.
Know this took a long time
Go to any scrap yard and the will give you for free door glass or doors if you don't ask for a specific make and model
So did Gavvy boi buy this one? Is this one his forever?
I'm not proud of this... but back when I was younger, my friends and I would use this tactic to go for car radios.
Hello there, I'm Gave and today I will record myself in slow motion while I'm walking barefoot in my garage
Switch the video speed to 0.25 just before the sparkplug hits the glass, makes it so much better. You'll even hear santa!😂
Me watching 6:58 at 0.25x speed
More than the slow mo...how is the sound done in these clips!
I learned that crack is fast
I still want to know how fast the crack front is propagating in m/s.  It should be calculable if one knows the distance it traveled between two frames and the time between those frames.
Very nice video!!!
Whoa, 800,000 First Person Shooters! That's a lot of gamers!
where's the other guy
7:47 Airsoft Gun Video coming next?
Why every slow motion video always has the same bgm
The two of you behind a sheet of breakaway glass, crack front not yet reaching your faces,  this camera -- what a poster that'd make, even though 720p. Can't hide the pixelation, so emphasize  it.
очень интересно. у этого парня много лишнего стекла
bullet YEP
Look at this with 0.25 speed xD
What happened to Dan?
It quite possibly would have taken you 20 days to edit
7:44 anyone notice anything funny looking 😀
if possible again make a video on lightning with this camera 🤩
because you can only have a small height... Why not turn the camera on its side to get a better coverage on height.
First throw at 2:27 Then at 5:48 Ur welcome
2:44 your welcome
This is exactly how my car got broken into. Didn’t even trigger the alarm lmao
Where is your friend>>>????
WTF, my car is missing a door??!!
Where's the other guy ?
Where's dan?
The efficacious discovery effectively boast because politician respectively arrest modulo a lavish jasmine. berserk, righteous dish
how about light in 1 million FPS???
Light as a vibration or lighting in sound mode in video
7:57 that shock wave through the glass though
micro, not nano. milli, micro, nano.
Please film the Lichtenberg figue capture in plexi glass with your new camera in super slow motion (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xlzIUKyA1eQ)
Nice Destin plug, needed a slowmo cam to see that ... :P
Slow Mo lightning take 2!
New hair, way better gav
That was really cool, I definitely need one of those cameras,  that would show very clear bullets leaving the muzzle on their way through the air
What a waste everyone knows u cant see past 60fps
wow just how much detail excite in our world , and so what is the real fram rate of the world , i am sure that our world does not run with gpu and cpu
If, truth, controller is, the ruler is ...x
where's the another guy?
Hail guys 🙌
Take a video of me taking a dump in slow mo
Well now you gotta film everything you've done with this one 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
I haven't watched the video but I can already tell the windshield stops it 😆
I want to see the same video in 20 years time with the latest phantom for that time. Just for comparison
Why 50fps on video
What's the speed of glass breaking?
7:54 that's exactly how I imagine an UFO to land
Finally This channel is the coolest thing on whole yt
At this rate we’ll soon be able to see photons bouncing off objects 🤯
7:56 one of the best sounds Iv'e ever heard
It is too much to ask to put a ruler behind the glass?
The propagation of cracks was amazingly fast even in slow mode!
Btw its can be used to rob somone car.
Animators: 30FPS is fine.  Meanwhile gamers:
The last one was I N S A N E
I could just imagine that spark plugs bouncing right into that Camara 😅
When the shattering of the glass is so fast that you have to slow down the youtube video to 0,25x speed making the video you're watchin essentially 13120x slower.
3:00 is craking
when he talked about car doors and said "I was waiting for a new phantom to be invented"  I thought that he will shatter a Rolls-Royce Phantom window
Nicely done!
Whats up with that gun there gavin lol
glenn from twdg anyone?
6:57
Hay can u slow mo candle wax drying ive always wanted to see how it looks drying since its to fast to see the prosess
One thing that would be cool with tech wise would be to use this on a monitor to show the actual pixels being drawn on the screen, that would be sweet.   The breaking glass was amazing though, glad you got a new amazing piece of kit and can't wait to see more.
now thugs know how to break into a car (assuming thugs watch slow mo guys)
Looking forward to your next collab with Destin using this beast of a machine.
Dan's not around at the moment, but at least Daisy got to show up. 8:45
I misread that as spark plug vs car window at 800,000 metres per second. disappointed!
who the f uses knives on glass?
When I was a kid we would find/steal spark plugs and throw them at other cars 🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
The reminiscent satin trivially spark because burma recurrently measure next a miniature japan. tiresome, shut cushion
THANK YOU FOR THIS!
That Phantom camera is loud 👁👄👁
I am just wondering how big the files are for those 4 seconds of filming
You missed to tell at what m/s the cracks in the glass are propagating.
Can't find a thing on what it costs
Gavin: explains this new camera, the frame rates and all that jazz.  Me: doesn’t understand a thing, here to see glass go smash, nods along anyway
Nice hair cut ! 👌
Teknolojy
You guys should team up with Joerg Sprave over on The Slingshot Channel. There could be some fantastic synergy there! https://www.youtube.com/c/Slingshotchannel/videos
When you say 'insane with the frame rate' in my head Cypress Hill are shouting back 'insane with the frames'
7:55 Is it me or does the glass pane slow down before the initial impact. . .
The fragile tune roughly bake because football mathematically battle past a mute rayon. unhealthy, disillusioned sofa
Once I heard “the fastest we’ve ever filmed on this channel” I remember a video called “filming the speed of light at 10 TRILLION FPS”  Anyone care to clarify?
7:52 It’s me having 900ping in a online game
Where's dan??
Pouring a lava to glass pleasee i want to see it super slow mo..
This is so cool and interesting
One million.... do it With a grenade
The propagation of the cracks is amazingly fast.
randim AR just hangin out on the floor
Please pray for my mom who's in ICU on a ventilator fighting for her life against this virus. Her name is Doris. My brother is battling hard with it too. He is Chris. They are my only family. If you can take a second to pray for them please.
Start 2:30
Tip: watch the slo mo in 0.25 speed
@whatsinside lest see whats inside this .
As a cameraman I've had people ask to shoot cracks propagating through glass and they've said "Ooh, I've got an Ursa Mini, it does 120 frames." Sorry, no...
any chance you could put the actual *speed the crack propagates* through the glass in the description up above. My calcs are 145frames to travel 6", 8 microseconds per frame, 232 microsecs per ft, 431 ft per sec. =  293 mph - is that close?
Where's Dan?
5:58 watch in 0.25 speed you can see 1milliom frames
The greedy path quickly examine because break conversely instruct under a nutritious tiger. agonizing, giant cup
Me thinking that 800K FPS can be used for youtube intro
What does FPS mean?
I kinda see on the last shot a wave thru the glass before it shatters, kinda like the building/helicopter scene in the matrix
Longest 5 Seconds On YouTube 2 when?
How fast crack is travelling ?
So "Slower mo guys" ? Cooled slowmo I've seen!!
Make this a live wallpaper
Can you film the inside of a slower slowmo camera with this?
Where is he?
How long did it take to clean up all that glass, bet you’ll be finding it for months, awesome video the way
I am here on this channel after a long time can someone tell me where is the other guy?
I love this.
Hey did you sound design the crack sound or is it from the camera?
Skip to 2:58
The Slow Mo Guys showing us million frames per second.. Me playing the video at 0.25x speed for further slow motion
The higest is 60 FPS on yt
How Dan’s tunnel going?
This sum sexi stuff
2 things gav loves: Crack, and Speed
Meh... the cameras I use have a temporal resolution of better than 0.2 ps. ;)
What if you filmed it in the low resolution, but you use a lense to expand it.
7:58 .... "I'm alright!!!" 8:01 ... "SH-
Correct me if i'm wrong but the speed of glass crack is up to 3,000 miles per hour, but to escape earth you need 25,020 mph. Kinda mind blowing.
*The way you can see the cracks move across is just phenomenal!* ⚡
A simple securely-mounted slingshot with a mechanical release would have lent some precision to those throws.
I wonder what will be its price
1 million frames per second is the slowest that camera can go...heh....*puts video on x0.5 speed*
I never realized Phantom was owned by AMETEK, the same people who employ the dumbest field service engineers I've ever met.
where is DAN？  i miss her~
Truly amazing. Hats off to you guys. 🔥
i wonder if one day we will be able to capture light moving? just based on some maths (could be 100% wrong) capturing light moving just 2 meters, will require a camera with a fps of 150 million. (if the maths is correct, exactly 149,896,229 frames per second)
Now I know what my IPhone feels like when I drop it
This is so old this is nothing new back in the days car thief's used sparkplugs to crack windows.
0.25x speed makes this even more entertaining and satisfying.
What would happens if a human reaches the 100% of the brain capacity?  Sets the playing speed to 0,25
This truly is mind bogglingly fast, both the glass and the camera.
So this is what Gavin was doing while his friends were all dying in minecraft
The sound at 7:58 amazing like a hammer hitting an anvil, then you see they glass wobble and attempt to bend then it shatters.
You guys need to record a car using antilag in slow mo!!!
0:19 “And that’s what makes a Subaru, a Subaru”
7:57   WOW glass is flexing and bending before it cracks never seen IRL
We want more...........We want Flames  Dan should've mastered his 720 double fakey by now. {0.o}
Wow that's so amazing.............how much better I feel now that Gavin got a haircut 🤣 Just kidding Gav, loved the long hair, and love this vid even more!
you could have thrown the ceramic shard with some sort of blowgun, even with your mouth, to aim better and film the spot it hits
How fast do those cracks travel?
Casually have an assault rifle in your garage lol
How much does this camera cost? I’ve been saving up, got about 5k hoping to get one these bad boys.
I thought you meant the spark plug hitting the glass at 800000 FEET per second ( not really  ) but that would be impressive if you could pull that one off!
Good thing i was watching a 800k fps video in youtube's 60 fps program
anyone watch the part in 0.25 to make it even more slo mo?
Where is his video pal?
Bud straight up... love the haircut
That sounds as good as it looks🤩
I played it on 0.25 speed and now it’s 128000 times slower lmao
Wonder how much that camera costs
Watch at .25x, it's better😎
a new era begins
I want to see electricity dancing and stuff in super slow motion!
Test this camera in a CRT TV to show the image scan on screen.
Shoot a bullet across a long pane of glass, from one edge of the pane to the other.
This phantom is the only thing that can compare to the amount of views BTS  get per minute when they release a song
After watching this for eight minutes, I suddenly realized, "What am I doing?!  I hate breaking glass and the sound it makes!"  Nevertheless, this was very fascinating even for a nelophobic like me.
Dang, can’t wait to see what you do with it next
For the love of god, please take that plastic film off the little monitor.  It's driving my crazy.
what happened to dan?     petition to get the duo back...
Awesome video Gav, you've been doing a great job alone but I miss the Slow MO "Guys". Will Dan be heading across the pond soon to do some videos? I know you like to shoot outside in that bright TX summer sun? Keep up the awesome job, one of my top YouTube Channels. Thank you 👍👍😎😎👍👍
no u can record lighting so much easier
Can anyone do the math and get the “speed” of the crack “traveling “ ?
100% class
I don’t know if you’ve done this or not but you should do a slow mo, super close video of different modes of metal transfer in mig welding.
This was awesome!
Thanks for watching written last glass
Is 800k fps not a exaggeration?
“I should put down a tarp” proceeds to break glass without one
Please remake the gun firing shot with this camera 🙏🏻
Can you try this with ur new camera https://youtu.be/PDRWQUUUCF0
Try dropping a gopro out of a moving car, maybe even have it get hit by a car behind it.
Oke sekarang jadi tau caranya maling barang org di di dalam mobil
It seems like a crazy idea but can you make a video where the slow mo camera captures its own death? Liek a bullet directly into the lens how long could it record and see before it dies
When the budget has officially run out
The Slo Mo Guys in 2069: Hectate II vs Unsalted Peanut at 37,574,588FPS
i was hoping to see the full 1.7m fps.
I hate to break your guys business model but the human eye cannot see more than 24fps.
For smart guys you two are surly stupid! You're supposed to chip off the porcelain part to about 1/4" size to minimize the breaking sound! Car thieves used this technique for years!
Is that Phantom realy cost that much?
Slomo guy or guys? Where's Dan? In an Austin driving the English coast?
That 10 frame snapshot of Smarter Every Day. LOL....
I did throw those sparks in 1988.
Tesla coil.
It looks like ice cracking
That glass is breaking at around mach 6
This makes me so happy.
7:55 Matrix revisited
That is insane. Also I enjoyed the board bowing before it cracked with the drop
Dude you've GOTTA capture lightning with this beast! I couldn't imagine the detail and speed!!! Very excited for what is to come with this camera!!!
It looked like a rocket going through time!  Also can we have Dan on via video call next time? 🤔
"You wan to go faster? Me too."   - Gav 2021
i dont know but someone told me if you lick or wet the spark plug chunk a small piece will break car windows.
jesus christ coming repent John 3vs 16
Now roll the window down
https://youtu.be/xAYiHdgY0Dg ..
https://youtu.be/EkKcufVPFB4 3:25 Could you do this in slow motion?
Have you guys ever filmed a mechanical watch movement in slo mo?
How about using a slingshot for accuracy with your ceramic spark plug!!
Let me teach you, when youre planning to smash a window. Aim for the corners. The middle part is the strongest and corners r the weakest
I thought the thumbnail showed a spark plug being thrown at a window at 800,000 feet per second
Still haven't learned how to use a microphone I see
nice camera!
How does glass shatter so fast and immediately, why isn't it progressive
Could I borrow that camera to prove to my wife that I do make love to her...
Dan wasn’t here for the highest FPS on this channel. Sad times.
You only need a very small piece of the ceramic from the spark plug and flick it at the window , you dont need loads of force to pop a car window
Well, I mean... you did record the speed of light at 10 trillion frames per second. So 500,000 fps isn't the fastest you've gone.
When I saw 800000FPS I thought "800000 feet per second", then I remembered framerate.
Reminds me of the first walking dead game when Glen teaches this to Lee.
Reminds me of lightening
Should have asked Franz Von Holzhausen to throw the Cybertruck steel ball at the car window. XD
Who else watches these in super slow playback? x.25   LoL Even that slow you still cant see the glass breaking in real time it still goes in waves.
I just lost all my body's hair when I saw this video😮😮😮😮😮😮
So cool. But why is height where the speed of the camera comes from?
Gavin should be the next Doctor Who
@smarteveryday
Your like to dislike ratio is 200:1 Very beefy  Also, amazed you showed a clip of Will Smith laughing at something you said, without showing it was Will Smith.
Who else playing this vid in 0.25x to see it in 3200000 fps
Who else playing this in 0.25x to see it in 328000 fps
where is dan? 🤷🏿‍♂️
3:10
This is so surreal seeing the glass break at this speed. So satisfying
Awesome footage!!! Just a suggestion, Gavin. When you shoot at 800,000 FPS, mark the edge of the framing on the glass and shoot the piece of the ceramics with a sling shot at the marked area. Then you hopefully have the point of impact in the frame.  And get more lights. Really great fun to watch!
Me setting the playback speed to 0.25 x so it’s 40,000 x slower 😎😎😎
#dancomeback
you just need to get 8 of these phantoms and stack them all on top of each other. Then you could record 720p @ 500k FPS!
Where is the second guy dude ? Asked u alot
Anyone else remember when Gav was super excited to be able to film at 10,000 fps?
Now if I had that camera and some glass to break. Notice how the glass starts to oscillate before it starts to break. Have a reflection of a grid so the movement of the oscillation can be observed. Also, place several laser pointers pointing into the edge of the glass from different directions to see the multiple reflections that would be generated by the slow breaking of the glass. This was observable due to the ability to single frame youtube videos. Give it a shot.
This was shoot on my birthday!!
Gav must be LOVING these video file sizes
Personally, the image of the glass breaking along with its sound is oddly calming to me 🤔😶
If SmarterEveryDay heard that cough I think we all need to go get tested.
he consistently uses "we" so Dan is never left out :')
slo mo guy
Plot twist: its the time laps of something freezing
So we’re not gonna talk about the gun just casually lying in the back?
you need at least 5 more cameras and align them on top of each other to get a nice full screen image of that. :D
Any editor watching this suffered a heart attack seeing 12hours of footage 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Insane footage guys, thank you !!!
What if you slow down the phantom footage on another phantom
At 8:05 you can see how the power of impact made the top of the side that was hit fly upwards
1:10
"I need this computer to study", meanwhile the computer:
13,000fps chest waxing on gavin.  He’s blindfolded on the table ready to have the wax strip pulled by meg, BUT coming out of frame dan makes his return and he’s the one pulling the wax strips :)
Wow 😱
Insane with the Frame Rate Insane in the brain😩
I would love to know how fast exactly the cracks move.
Does that camera cost as much as a house?
Would love to see Liquid Oxygen in slow mode
How fast are those cracks moving in kmh?
Oh no, im in the water! Don't worry honey, I'll just pop the bonnet, if you give me half an hour, well be out of here in notime
April 22nd is Thursday? Where Am I living? 😮
What happened to the other guy?
ğ
Me trying to catch the object thinking i'm quicksilver
Shoutout to that briggs & stratton sparkplug
Amazing camera and footage wow
youve come a long way gav, since water balloons ❤️ wheres dan tho
It could be really interesting to see the speed of a bullet Vs the speed of crack propagation  You see 0.000181 of a second for the travel  But how many travel dose a subsonic bullet  ?   Few maths :  Subsonic ? -> I'll take sound speed as base .. 340 m/s  so 0,06154 meters -> 6,15 cm  so if cutting plate is 40 cm long the bullet traver is 1/6.67 of the plate  So in another words, the crack is 6.67 times the sound speed (!!)
Some wizardry
Some of the coolest videos ever
What does that camera cost?
Everyone needs someone to look at them the way Gav looks at this camera
Cool video!
this is true gamer moment 800k fps!
So Gav, with this new camera, if you're zoomed out enough, and using a really bright laser, can you capture the speed of light?
Were you renting that camera, Gav? Or did you madlad and buy one? (Also, I noticed you had a V2512 in the last video... was that a borrow from Destin? (I thought he had a 2511?) Or did you madlad and use that filthy YT money to get a BEAST of a camera?)
Finally you filmed the glass break!! And slow mo guys is the best in the slow mo community ( hrmm hrmm )
who else has been binging these after seeing the balloon one
Watch this at playback speed of 0.25 for an even slower experience
FLYING RODS -  Please expose them for what they really ARE!
LOVE the haircut!
I love the Plug for Smarter every day
Hoowwww
You sound like Alex Steele .. are you from Norfolk
We have an audiophile guy here. What Klipsch speakers are you using? I see the box up there, in the last part of the video.  Try to capture the speaker's cone while playing loud ish music to see if it bends in any way. :) They claim it's very rigid.
You should do a radiation in cloud chamber
We used to call the ceramic bits shattering stones as kids.  They were a favoured tool of joy riders back in the day
How do you even afford that camera? 😳
How fast does your framerate have to be in order to see light travel
Yoo I love your vids and I love it how we both have the first name Because my Names Gavin Hoover 😂
I'm not knowledgeable enough but I always felt a corelation, a trend, between the patterns in Glass breaking Thunderbolt Spider web Cosmic web Neural structure of brain  They all seem similar. Maybe there's some ultra deep science into it. Or maybe I'm just overthinking.
>Glass cutting board Good Eats film crew: "EVIL!!!"
can u get a see through gun and film the explosion from the firing pin hitting the bullet?
Please film sandblasting in slowmo. Please.
where is dan at?
Rip those who mis 8:00 shot
That is insane
Gavin's laugh at 3:04 at 0.25x speed lol
I haven't watched the slowmoguys in a while, where is is Dan?? I missed him in the intro, (and the rest of the video)
Where’s Dan?
Here is Dan I didn't see him in a while is he dead or what
You should come back to some of your older video ideas with this phantom
Who in their right mind would use a glass cutting board?
This video is so dumb I didn’t even watch it!! I mean of course the glass will break if you throw a spark plug through it at 800,000 FPS….
With that frame rate (about 2e6/s), light will travel around 150m between frames. Find a tall antenna mast that has strobe lights on it, and film it on a foggy evening. You might be able to see the spherical shells of light expanding from the strobes scattering off the fog. How clear they would be depends on how fast a strobe flash actually starts and stops, though. The shape of the fog bank would make a difference too, you would prefer a wall of fog perpendicular to your point of view and clear air between you and the fog. Then again it might not be bright enough.
That wobble when it hits the floor is like in The Matrix when the chopper crashes into the building. So cool.
i dont know how people can make such insane tech. that camera is insane
"bonkers"
"The Slow Mo Guy"
me on 144p: nice
You need to get multiple Phantoms and than film the cracking with those all at the same time, so that you can make one mindblowing full screen video out of all these "Slot-Videos". Would be so cool👍.
beautiful
once failed to break one with a sledgehammer  and whistlin diesel just punches the thing open
Pak anthony sumber alam harus nonton ini
800k FPS - 800k $?
Would love to see some explosives, & liquids with this camrea oooohhh what about explosives underwater???
High pitched whine in the background cannot listen to this video
Hardened glass, wich means: Tempering puts the outer surfaces into compression and the interior into tension. Such stresses cause the glass, when broken, to shatter into small granular chunks instead of splintering into jagged shards as ordinary annealed glass does. The granular chunks are less likely to cause injury. Stle this last paragraph from wikipedia.
Next generation of Phantoms will film light rays moving
3:03 my phone screen be like
Do a slow mo close up of plucking hair
2:49 is when sator walks into the inversion room this be a slow Mo guy x tenet kinda thing now
*slows video down to 0.25 speed* you have no idea how high I can fly...
Set playback to 0.25x to watch it even slower
Fast fwd @7:55
Awesome!!!
you guys should do a video of tv/computer monitors at various refresh rate, that would be really cool to see different refresh rates better than ever before
Who else watched this is 0.25x speed?
Me who turns the play back speed to 0.25 to see it even slower
Hey everyone, I recommend turning your playback speed as slow as you can when the glass breaks, it makes it even more amazing, I love the vid and the content, keep up the good woek
PC players: yeah I get 800k frames
whats the weight of  1sec of 800k  frames ?  Btw I would like to see the 800k in much much higher resolution :)
Me putting the playback speed at 0.25x 😎
7:44 There is an airsoft gun down there ready to shoot and a brand new slow mo camera. Hmm...
Insane with the frame rate, insane with the frame *wahhh 🎶
When the time comes, Dan should get a huge "Welcome Back" video where you guys do some insane shots.
THANK YOU FOR MAKING THIS KIND OF VIDS ALSO KUDOS TO THE CREATORS OF SUCH INCREDIBLE HIGH SPEED CAM
This is insane thanks for sharing!  Also maybe some added perspective next time to give you an idea how fast things are moving. E.g. bullet timeline vs glass time line vs dropping a ball
2:55 ~ why does it kind of look like debris floating through space.....
Is it just me or have we all turned the playback speed to 0.25 to make it even more slower.
you have way too much free time!!!  LOL
According to Beverlyboy productions, Phantom High-Speed Camera costs range from about $150,000 and up. Even renting a professional quality Phantom camera can cost you about $2,500 per day.
how much money was the phantom???
Hey guys...big fan here...just curious....have u guys made a video on fan...like table cooler fan or ceiling fan, fan that ia fastest out there (household items only).  Really wish to see and almost cut my arm🥺🤣🤪
when i was a kid i read about being able to break car windows with the ceramic from a spark plug. my dad didnt believe that was possible so he bet me $100 it wouldnt happen, and invited me to try on the small rear side window of his pickup. i threw a piece weakly and it bounced off, he laughed and said u can have 3 more tries. threw the second piece as hard as i could and it chipped the glass (window not tempered??) "whoa whoa whoa thats enough" and I got $100
Throwing a spark plug at a car window? really starting to run low on ideas now me thinks 😂
these frames are so good that im almost crying
let's go
You need some help from LinusDropThings for these shots
Where is that other guy?
Simple things like a firecracker will be awesome
I totally forgot gavin almost have my name Gavin Freedmam
Me Shooting Water Balloon Explode In 960FPS And Saying That's What We Call It A Really Slow Motion Video 😎
I love the slowmo sound
The slo mo guy
Wowww
This camera is well over $100,000.
FUN FACT all the slow mo audio is all fake and done in post production
U gotta crush the porcelain into small pieces then chuck it at the window
Anyone else terrified the sparkplug would bounce back into the camera lense?
Imagine having 10 of these and stitching all the footage together at max frames.
Pretty sure this is worse than glitter at this point.
720p bruhhhhh
Walking Dead Episode 1?
This is the MO for all smash-and-grab robberies in South Africa.
Awesome footage! 😲 👍🏻 So what's the crack traveling speed like? Mach 3? C?
This is how most car thieves do their thing
Where's Dan? Didn't see him in a while :(
Indeed what  FLASH ⚡ sees daily without Phantom    XD
use playback speed 0.25x so you can see it more slowly 😗
The phantom turning on is my PC during a demanding game lmfao.
You are here for 👇👇👇 2:40 thank me later 😀😀
That door is from a BMW E60 5-Series
I've never seen something more beautiful than a supernova!
A simple but maybe interesting thing would be Finger snaps in slow motion. There's not many videos about it
Imagine 800K on ur computed even if it’s not slow-motion
How much memory is used to store 1-second of footage from this bad boy at maximum speed?
great video, thanks!
nice video btw i saw a pelita 8:40 selamat hari raya
imagine catching footage of lightning
“No, you’re fine, you can’t tell you’re wearing foundation”
Now imagine 800,000FPS in 4K  👀
Technology behind this beast is not from this earth 😳
Have you tried calculating the propagation speed of the cracks ?
Is there anyone talking about how awesome Gav cool pinkish short pants and cool shoes 4:00 🤣
Please can you explore drag racing tyres in slow mo? It's so cool how they crinkle up and use that stored energy to propel the car forward
Reduce the playback speed to .25x
Vs bulletproof glass, let see if there's any different
😲
criminals used spark plugs back in the day to break windows or so I heard
has the newest phantom doesn't want to spend $$$ on junked car doors
Legends watch this video in *144p*
this is rich
7:54 when you get the courage to clean up your room and your mom comes in and says clean your room
I did not know you could do that with a spark plug ⚡️🔌  the new camera is amazing though!
The speed that the glass breaks is faster than a bullet. If you set up the same rig, and shot the glass from one end, the breakage would beat the bullet to the other end. Would make a great video.
What happened to Dan?
in Indonesia this method is used for crime   •́  ‿ ,•̀
the bomb in Hiroshima and Nagasaki be like  3:03 another shot  3:24
Elon shouldve thrown this at his cybertruck
change video playback to 0.25 to make it 4x slower than the vid shows
Pro tip: watch that in 0.25x speed.
I always thought that the Slow Mo Guys should have some "Ninja Rocks".  They are listed as burglary tools in some states. Due to the ease of glass shattering.
1:11 thats gotta be a meme at some point
Normal days in Indonesia
Hmm.....What a cool way to make intro (if)
I hate it when I only get 1 or 2 frames of crack. :-\
I'd really love to watch this video, but sitting through four minutes of ads to even begin to watch nine minutes of content is a bit much in my book.  Great job YouTube....  :/
(:
How much did it cost
Nice
What was the speed of the crack?
Full mag filmed explosive wire around an xbox at 10 million frames a second, 7 years ago. Why is this more than 20 times slower????
Let's do lightning at 800,000fps
What a fuck8ng time to be alive. Our ancestors would kneel before this technology.
Nice to see what my weapon of choice on my motorcycle does to a window, haven’t had to throw one yet thankfully. I ride pretty safe but I’m ready for the first idiot that thinks my life is worthless because I’m on two wheels
I always wanted to see this!
And you get free laptop, wallet, phone and more valuable things inside the car
I just screen recorded this and put it into Imovie and slowed it 3X does that mean I just watched a video in 2.4m FPS ???
Now you need to measure the glass breaking and compare it to the speed of light, must be close
Why is he dancing while talking?
Gotta use this camera to film bullets leaving a firearms muzzle 😃
gav, u look great with ur post-pandemic haircut
THESE ARE ALWAYS SO SATISFYING 🔧🎥
Add more light.
Put it on 0.25 x seed thank me later 😌
You should buy ten of these and run them in sync to capture a bigger image.
So meg has been without a door for years? Lol
I put the playback speed on 0.25x and now I am watching at 1.000.000 fps, hehe
A new “the longest 5 seconds on YouTube” incoming?
8:39 Gav: "I'm very excited to use this on *other* subjects". Me: By "other" subjects you mean........... *Dan?*
fps without resolution be like : I am speeeeeeed
First
The sharp edges aren't what makes the glass break....
Did you buy this camera or rental or they just give it to you cuz it's good advertisement. Did you ever used a diffenrent brand of HS cameras?
Me and my buddy used to do this...all u need is a sling shot for the pieces that are the size of a popcorn kernel or smaller
Can someone do the maths and workout the speed of the break in MPH?
That tiny sliver of pixels make me wonder if one could gain something out of putting a 2x or 4x anamorphic lens on it to get back some verticality without skipping pixels by compressing the image vertically and stretching it back in post. I mean. The actual vertical resolution would be the same but we could see a taller sliver of view.
I blinked...
Telltale Glenn was right
mean while me watching this video on 0.25x speed
I miss your long red hair.
Gav: this is the slowest shot on this channel ever Me:*playing video at 0.25x* beat this
Finally been waiting to see this for years.
this is art
This. Was insane.
I have broken several with a Jab
Every CLASSIC video made, needs redone with this camera. Bangers in water/watermelon, balloons, FIRE, yes.
This is why I pay for the internet
And gav looks like hickup in how to train your dragon
0:46 When you said "At the time of this recording..." I though you were going to mention the obviously insane price. So insane it seems to be almost a secret. How did you even get a hold of it? Something like this is obviously aimed at large companies only, not individual mortals...
What’s the price of that cam I can’t find it
The numbers.!!
Fresh trim
Why does gav seem so depressed It makes me feel sad
Me: 50 fps in Roblox
I understand the jaggedness of the ceramic and all that, but how does the spark plug so easily break a car window?!
I've always wanted to see how a tree grown in super slow motion!
"This thing is bonkers" I dare Phantom to put that quote on the product page.
I miss Dan and won't watch till he's back.
I don’t want to waste 19+ hours of my life to watch glass break ugh. So when’s the 19+ hours of this window cracking going to be uploaded???
Super slow mo Slow Biden's one brain cell
what does that bad boy cost?, cant find the price anywhere
Didn't read the title. I thought he actually videoed engine ignition in slow-mo.
glad to see the haircut and beard trim lol
1.75 Million fps :O
Push the boundarys @theslowmoguys don't stop! Love it just think what you can do with a phantom in 20 years time! ❤️
Now test it in tesla cyber truck
Where is dan, please someone answer me! Has he left the channel?
Please pray for my mom who's in ICU on a ventilator fighting for her life against this virus. Her name is Doris. My brother is battling hard with it too. He is Chris. They are my only family. If you can take a second to pray for them please.
Why doesn't width affect fps?
7:59 Glass sheet: Yep, my take has come 😌
Always fun to see Gavin enthusiastic about new tech! And those FPS, wow! And the tiny tiny bits of glass particulate, ack
2:20 wondered if any pieces bounce back into the Phantom lens 😰
I watch ultra slow motion crack in 0.25x speed.. so it should call as super ultra slow motion 😄
Yo is this guy and Meg Turney still dating?
https://youtu.be/ZHeydRCBPNs
Wasn't the slowest slow mo video the one that caught light?
How fast was your video filming lightning?
Disappointing
I like how he just casually has a massive gun lying on the floor
you guys need to record a slow mo bullet but the bullet has a line on one side to see how it spins through objects
2:40
Test a Nuke please. Thanks. :)
I know it would be incredibly difficult/impossible, but catching a real lightning strike, fairly close up in 500k per second, at closer to 2k. The stuff of dreams! 🙀
Jeez this is insane bro
👍👍👍👍👍
Amazing 👍
Wow
Вы безумно крутые чуваки! Обожаю ваши видео.  Спасибо за старания, за очередной потрясающий выпуск. ;)  Respect
6:08 A RIFT IN SPACE🔥😱
Hantu pocong
Awesome!
3:04 what you all came here for.
I love the fractal-like nature of the cracks. The shapes of the smallest pieces of glass resemble the larger chunks made up of many small pieces.
Amazing.
Hullabalooza.  Homer Simpson.  Cannonball.  Beer gut.
Lol my comment was going to be simply "BONKERS" too...
Can you get the speed of light?
Next: A Phantom that can shoot over 1000000 FPS at 8K resolution!
Where is your crash dummy partner 🙄
If I could give this more than one like I would. One of the most beautiful videos I have seen can't wait for dan to come back and more episodes.
Next investment will be 100 Plasma arc lamps
cool, now do it with a cybertruck
8:55 Do I sense some shade being thrown?
😍😘😍☺😘😘😍☺😘😍☺😘☺😍😍😗😚☺😘😍😘😍☺😍😘☺😍😚😍😚😍😗😗😍😚😍😗😚😍😉😚😍😉☺😍😘☺😍😘☺😍😘😗😍😘😗😍😘☺😍😘☺😍😘🤑😍😗🤗😍😉🤗😍😗😚🤩😗🤑🤩😗😚😍😗🤑😍😗🤑😍😗🤑🤩😗☺🤩☺😍😘😍😘☺😘😍🤑😍😗🤑😍😗🤑😍😗🤑😍😗🤑😍😘☺😍😘☺😍☺😘😍☺😍😘☺😘🤩☺😘🤩☺😍😘☺😘😍😚😍😗😚😍😗🤗😍😉😙😍😉😚😗😍😚😍😗☺😍😘☺😘😍☺😍😘☺😍😘☺😍😘☺😍😘☺😍😘😚😍😘😚😍😘😚😍🙃😚😍🙃😚😍🙃😚🙃😍😚😘😍☺😍😗😚😘😍😚😍😗☺😍🙃☺😘😍☺😘😍☺😍😘☺😍😘☺😘😍☺😍☺😘☺😘😍☺😍😘☺😘☺😘😘😍☺😍🙃☺😍🙃☺😍🙃☺😍😘☺😘😍😚😍😘😚😍😗☺😍😘☺😘😍☺😘😍☺😘😍😗😍😘☺😍😘☺😍😘☺😍😘😚😍😘😚😍😉😚😍😘😚😍😗😚😍😗😚😍😗☺😘😍☺😘😍☺😍😘☺😘😍☺😍😘☺😍☺🙃😘
“The fastest phantom...WHAT has ever been made” Take a breath. No need to comment. Don’t take the bait. Ok I’m good 🙂
U have to lick the spark plug before u throw it so it won't make noise
The closest black hole is 1500 light-years or about 1 glass-year away from earth.
Me: *flashback on telltale walking dead
What happened to Dan ?
1 million fps? Turn youtube speed to 0.5x and boom, 2 million fps.
I may have missed it, but why does this youtube video's upper resolution settings say that it is at 50 frames per second? Didn't you say that you usually only have 25 or 30 frames per second for these slow-mo videos?
Use this phantom to shoot a lightning 💫
me watching it at .25 speed
this channel reminds me of the mythbusters
How many FPS would you need  on a camera to capture light traveling ?  Example- watching a beam from a laser pointer slowly travel across the room.
Where is your partner
This the the piece of equipment that you actually read the user manual for!
… and this isn't even my final form!
3:03  Thank me later👍
So much crack Hunter Biden subscribed.
Does anyone know what the camera costs about? I ask for a friend 😅
Just Slow Mo the Slow Moed
Wife: how come there's a second mortgage on our house..?  Gav: had to buy a new camera
to see how much this channel has evolved is incredible I started watching right after they uploaded their first giant red balloon video
This video is utterly amazing.
Dude where is your partner
Hey Gav, so, I remember when you shot an M107 I slow mo, I think you should shoot a shotgun, like a pump-action shotgun, I think it would look quite nice.
Made my day. There is so much going and do much to learn. Ty
8:55 did he say “good luck” when coughing 😂
cant wait for the first 1.75 million FPS video!
Why did I believe Gavin was actually a midget at the beginning of the episode when I know he’s not 😂
this must be the camera used in the justice league snyder cut
Is that a 16mm Kodak box I see holding up the camera? Gav, if you ever want to shoot any, let me know, I do high end film scanning up to 6.5K resolution
2:44
What gamers say their FPS is:  What it actually is: 3️⃣0️⃣
Guys need to throw a Football at Dans head with that cam
600 nano sec, that's crazy
Some people might watch this at 800,000 frames per second but I watch it at 3.2 million frames per second lol
3:00
Wow I'm running Minecraft at 200 fps!   slow mo guys:
Sooooo slooooooooow
Don’t think it has anything to do with how jagged the ceramic is just off hardness and weight
Please make slowmove video on.... (arc welding )
you should collab with DemolitionRanch he has a gun channel in Texas
What if one day we can see how light travels, like recording it 😳
I played it at 0.25 speed…..anyone els…..
Watching this is 0.5x speed. 1 million fps  😉
This slow motion feels like the big bang theory 😂😂
This channel is timeless
THE PHANTOM IS A BEAST
Try to see if you can see the travel of light. 📽💡
It would be awesome to know what size those cutting boards were so we could calculate the insane speeds that glass cracking achieves. You know, for science.
Subject recommendation.  Formation of a heat jet from a shaped charge.
can you measure how fast that was like you did with tempered glass a year ago?
If you had a few of kilometres of fibrotic cable and a laser you cold potentially film the speed of light with that thing
Soooooo... where’s Dan?
Sorry im late, what happened to Dan?
What happened to the other guy?
I miss Dan
If you want to be a little bit more accurate with where the spark plug strikes the glass. I have a suggestion. Use a pair of pliers to carefully break the ceramic loop off of the metal. Put a string through the loop of ceramic. Spin it and use the circular motion to be more precise.
6:57 👍
This sounds like Linus is going to need to be called soon
"Bonkers"  Yep, that's how I described it too.
The speed of sound through glass is in the neighborhood of 5500 m/s, I'm curious if you did the math on this footage.
You have that advert placement to the nano second
7:44 I honestly thought Gav went off the deep end and bought an AR-15 and just had it lying around. Gav does not strike me as the person to own a gun
That’s a fresh trim gavin boy
𝑴𝒂𝒈𝒊𝒄𝒂𝒍𝒍𝒚 𝑫𝒐𝒑𝒆.
I can't wait to see more fun and educational videos
Am I the only one this happens to? why is every moment of impact interrupted by an ad? the ad could be anywhere throughout the video, yet in every one of your videos, an ad appears right at the pay off of the video, forcing me into rewinding the video in hopes it wont be interrupted the second time around.
I feel like we're watching one of those moments that will fondly be looked back on saying remember when we only had a small strip of footage at 800k frames as we watch full 1080p at 1 mill frames per second.
So where is Dan?
Who else watched the slow-mo shots at 1/4 speed????
This is fascinating. It makes you realize that nothing in this world is instant.
Glass breaks fast
Where’s the other guy ?
Just how fast did that break propagate?!
It's so awesome to see you giddy with excitement over a new camera and new possibilities. That's what makes this channel awesome; the passion and genuine love for what you're doing. Great video
I miss Dan....so so much.... :(
Epic
You should've cleaned the window first.
Use a Sharpie to mark a standard grid on the glass sheet (at 1-inch or 1-cm intervals). This will allow you to very accurately measure the speed of the fracture across the pane.
I would love to see what a light bulb turning on looks like at 800k
who else put the playback speed to .25
Oh wow super cool!
Is what you said about how fast moves moves in the previous video with tv true?
Never realized exactly how fast glass brakes but that is insanely fast!
The sound quality just wow
can you film the light travelling aka the speed of light...
How much does a camera like that cost? Four digits? Five? ...Six?  ......maybe seven?
God ,I want to see the behind scene video
Interesting how the time it took for the dropped glass to start breaking. It sat there probably 10 times longer than it took for the glass to break.
1.75 million fps still isnt enough for pc gamers
when I was a kid and I learned that we didnt have the tech to capture glass breaking i've been enthralled with and patiently waiting for for over for 20 years.   you've created videos that will be shown in classrooms for years to come.   that framing and shot with the spark plug bit with the metal? *perfection*
What happened to the other guy?
Now you don't have you use smarter every days camera
So how fast did it actually travel?
This makes me want to go back and watch some of the old slow mo guys videos where they break glass. It's hard to get a good feel for how much faster the new camera is but i vaguely remember glass breaking so fast you could barely see the cracks forming no matter how Gav messed around with the settings. This was an awesome video, only thing that could have made it better would be Dan being there. Really looking forward to finding out what this new beast of a camera will be used for next.
This is absolutely a revolution in slow mo tech, I truly cannot wait to see what you guys do with it.
How much does that camera cost?
And I'm playing it in 0.25 speed.
This guy buys a expensive camera to slow things down to the fullest,  me an actual intellectual: puts video to 0.25 to get the slowest resolution
2:57 .25playback speed.
5:56 This would be a good banner for Halo MCC
Wow!!!
Legendary channel
Who else didn’t realize these guys were still a thing
Amazing
That last shot may be my favorite. Seeing the glass sit there before breaking was incredible.
YouTube commercials ruin everything
Where's dan?
This is BEAUTIFUL.
You guys need to to a slow mo video with Iris Van Herpen’s vibrating dresses from her ‘Between the Lines’, ‘Shift Souls’, and ‘Hypnosis’ collections.
Am i a genius or an idiot for watching it at 0.25x speed
Love the new camera and excited to see new content from you.  Also I would love to see you do a colab with the how ridiculous channel.  Out of curiosity, how much does the beast cost and can you include an audio clip to show how loud it actually is.
Wait where is Dan?
Me who can play this video at 0.25 speed and is even slower...
I did this to over 300 windows as a kid.
Who else slowed the video down
Id like to see you revisit the video where you spun a CD until it exploded. Being able to see that is a much higher resolution would be really interesting.
Imagine if Tesla, Newton, Einstein and others lived today! How proud, amazed and happy they’d be!     And after all that, in 2021, we still can’t decide what our gender is. Smh…
More water balloon videos yaaaayyyy :)
idk how this is possible but ive watched the slo mo guys since the giant water ballon video and ive never missed a video.... yet im not subscribed
That is so cool. It's incredible that this channel has been studying the speed of matter separation or glass in this case.
I just love slow motion videos like this; I just can't get enough of it!
It look like crack is just appeal, like he was exist before.)
Thanks for shaving!!!😂😁🙏🏻
I miss Dan
Always love seeing stuff with breaking glass, always amazes me to see how fast it is even at incredibly slow speeds!
WHERE IS DAN? :'(
You’re not doing it right. Its needs to be broken into fragments. Thats what makes it silent. This wasnt quiet at all. Lol
I like how the glass acts like a character who was just killed, freezing for a moment before shattering into a million pieces when you dropped it.  (The microsecond of time between hit hitting the ground and it shattering)
How are you guys not sponsored by the company that makes phantom cameras?
Is that a door to a Toyota Corolla?
My brain at first registered this as 800,000 Feet Per Second.
With this camera, I wonder if you can observe this for the light?
Ъ
Waooo Wanderful😃
Wow, who knew breaking glass would be so beautiful to watch. Great video Gav!
Some day your smart phone will be able to record at that speed.
Me: Top Shelf  Gav: Top Drawer
Go to 7:56 & put YT playback speed to 0.25x What’s really cool is that you can see the glass flex first before it shatters. And it also looks like it doesn’t shatter from the edge, but about an inch in from the bottom & left edges. And if you look closer it also looks like Gav wrote “Thanks for watching” on the glass in black marker.  Who else watches slo mo guys in slo mo?
I’ve broken many windows with the broken porcelain pieces from spark plugs 😂
We can slow it down more
Imma disliked this time mainly because I get 2 non skiable ads twice
Would really love to see some arc flashes is high speed.
Honest question, How expensive is that camera? Do you buy phantoms or just rent them & ship them back once you don't want / need it anymore?
For once, it's gonna be Alabama calling YOU to get a camera. This thing is ridiculous, cant wait to see what you do with it.
3:00 playback speed 0.25... your welcome, (thank me later) ;)
Been off YouTube for a while why isn’t Dan in the videos anymore??
Next one shall be the pistol shrimp/mantis shrimp lets goooo
U need to get it wet litle spit it will break first shot
Just wondering when Dan is coming back???? Hes being missed very much. It's like something's missing in the vids! Cant wait for the both of you to be back doing vids again
8:00 you can see Newton physics
You should film another lightning video
where dan
I was expecting the glass to sort of like bend, like in The Matrix, then break.
That fade is slick my dude
At 3.05 when windo breaks slow the play back speed to 0.25 and listen to this guy!  Lmao
Can we have another Pince Rupert Drop or Pyrex break with this camera?
You guys should return to shooting the 50 cal with that bad boy
Potential car thief’s : “ Thanks mate, all I need is a spark plug to break into a car”
3:41 "one or two frames of crack"
pog
Me: MY MONITORS 240 HZ BEAT THAT  Slow mo guys: hold my beer
I hope you'll try breaking a Prince Ruperts drop on this camera.
Still just the Slow Mo Guy... :( ...Dan will return!
I worked on a job with him on film back in the day long before YouTube and he’s not the nice personality he portrays. Make him rich,
I'm guessing you aren't talking about feet per second :(
is the glass breaking faster than the speed of light?
3:05 at .25 speed
https://youtu.be/gwIgGq0E4Hw
At that framerate, light is travelling only a city block or two per frame. A lazer between mirrors in a fogged out gymnasium may move visibly slowly.....
Life comes at you fast.
Wow!! From a completely ignorant, uneducated stance, how come the spread is so fast? What speed does it travel at?
Where is Dan?
Can you film the molecules in your hand at 80k?
I want to see bullets whizzing by. Super please.
this is like watching fire in slowmo it just feels fake.  it's insane how fast the cracks still are at 800k...
OOOOooOOO!!!!! New Phantom!!!!!
Glad to see u back
please see an explosion at 500 k fps
Commenting at 3:03 - That wave travels roughly 3cm per frame, or 0.03 meters per frame. It is being recorded at 82000fps, which means the wave travels 0.03m in 1/82000 seconds, which is  2460 m/s. Which is about the speed of sound in glass, which makes perfect sense.
One doesn't own emotion, and when one is owned by emotion, it's a reflection of one's belief that one owns them🎈
Nice! I've wanted to see this in super slow mo since I learned about it in tech school!
You know what must be done  The longest 2.2 seconds on YouTube: 44 hours long.
7:55 Aaaalright, this has to be one of my favourite shots on this channel. I love the entire edit, how the glass slows down just before hitting the floor, the sounds. Feels like a shot from a sci-fi movie about time travel. Nice.
speed of sound in tempered glass
cant find the price of this camera ...
Tried SO hard not to say "...in the woooorld" (Jeremy Clarkson voice)
3:00 thanks me later
Revisit the CRT TV scanning out the picture
HUAWEI mate 30 pro phone from 2019 has 7680 fps slow motion
When Gav said “want to go faster” you could tell that was for Dan and it broke my heart
Amazing! 😍
one day we can play COD in 800,000 fps.
Awesome footage 👌🏻
That's INSANEly fast !
#HoldUbisoftAccountable
Fresh cut
2:55 When you set the 3280x slower speed to 0.25 to get a better view of the car door shattering.
So we've breached nanosecond territory with this video and camera.  How long until we dive into picosecond shooting?
Watch this video in .25x playback speed. You won't be disappointed
Make America TRUMP again. 🇺🇲
this on youtubes 0.25 speed was nutty
Please wear a respirator, that glass dust isn't good for your lungs
You guys should do that CD explosion thing you did back in 2018, with this camera, I think It'll look really really cool. also love your videos wish I can afford that much stuff.
Where Dan?
Where is his partner?
I don’t even think this new phantom could film how quickly my dad left me and my family…
I feel like we all need to like, share and comment to help pay for this new camera. XD
That would make a great channel banner tbh
Doesn’t matter
What happened to the other guy
8000 Fps in Games: 🤝 8000 Fps in a camera: 🐢
jokes on you now i can slow down the video to watch it even slower.
gav how many times did you monk off to this
if a hammer can't smash it, how can a sparkplug? what's the science behind it?
Good job, Gavrum
me watching this on 60fps 👁👄👁
3:23 put it on 0.25x speed
Keep in mind the speed of light travels roughly 1 foot for every Nanosecond
I see lighting in slow motion
Can you calculate the speed of the crack propagation?
Why wouldn’t you watch it actually firing at 800,000k FPS
A camera flashgun bulb in slomo.
Tempered glass is an angle thing.. watch “codysLab” video on it.. really interesting
Gavin got a haircut! Nioce
in my experience with this works much better when the spark plug ceramic is wet
I am feeling like quicksilver
I've been waiting for this kind of slow mo footage of glass breaking for years. Something incredibly satisfying about finally being able to see the travel like that. Can't wait to see more!
We grew up in Liverpool in late 80s.. you can use a very small piece of ceramic to do a guys window don’t use the whole plug lol
as always love the vid cant wait for the dynamic duo to be back glhf gav and dan
Dan really stuck in the only place with full restriction..
How do you afford that?
I'm excited to see Dan in a water balloon at 800,000 fps.
Can you do some macro insects flying/taking off?
"Yeah, i'm a pc gamer. How could you tell?"
2:42   Video starts
Where is other guy
The sound of the cutting board hitting the ground in slo mo sounded like some super hero impact
Skyscraper demolution in Matrix 1 was very close to real life....wow
W1
Looks like you're setting your garage up to be a John McClain obstacle course.
why not turn the camera sideways so you can get a really tall shot thats not that wide?
You should film spiders jumping and falling to see how they manipulate their bodies to land on their feet.  Ps I love your shoes and I miss Dan =(
7:58 So, "The Matrix" window glass wave is real? anyone remember it from the movie?
"In hindsight I should of put down some tarp"  I feel like I've heard that before.
Okay, I haven't checked the channel in a few years (dont worry, I still love the content) and I'm not disappointed in the slightest. This is PHENOMENAL!!! Thank you for sharing, Gav.
This is magic. That camera captures magic. Gavin you’re a wizard of Slo-Mo
Watch it at 0.25X speed, pretty cool scattering
am i the only one who plays their slo mo parts at .25 speed to slow it down more? just me?
3:40 hmmmm Gav are you doing something behind the scenes
Why did that intro look like a greenscreen to me until I saw the reflection of his hand in the window when he pointed at me? It just looks weird to me... idk
sheeeeesh. I think you need another visit from Linus because of this new camera
This is the most interesting thing I’ve seen all year
So... how much space does a 3 second video take up? Considering the age 4 million frames...
who else then put it at .25x speed
Eh I expected using a spark plug in some clever way to break glass. Might as well have been rock vs window. Or steel ball, for the cybertruck memes.
love the cameo reference
If you put the spark plug in your mouth and spit it into the car window it does 50% more damage
I like ya cut g
are you alone now ?
Where is his friend?
I humbly demand a recording of a cracking Prince Rupert’s drop on every newly-invented Phantom 👌✨
That's really cool. Teach kids how to break into car windows. Wtf
Imagine if the ceramic lump bounced ricocheted back at the phantoms lense 😥
try a BB gun on the glass something every kid has done!!
Is it the fastest phantom camera ever made? Or is it the slowest?
That last cutting board looked like someone’s 3d animation project
Look at those shoes
I am satisfied thank you
Playback speed at  0.25x and it's even slower
2:23 "So far the embarrassment continues."  Story of my life.
03:26 Broken Screen Wallpaper
There is supposed to be another chunky boi in this video where is heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee ?
So how fast does glass break?
I wonder where does he take his money from to buy these cameras
The fracture pathing is reminiscent of the growth of mycelium in a time lapse. Prove me wrong.
Gav knows what we want when it's available. I think we can all agree we share the absolute fascination of how fast glass really is
Now it is Destin who is going to borrow your camera
Insane in the frame rate. Insane in the brain!
We make high energy sparkplugs It would be nice to film the spark. To see how it develop
Me putting the video on 0.25x 😎
Imaging playing your favorite game on Ultra 4K graphics with 800.000 FPS🥵
Where is the fat funny guy? Bring him back! :-)
I think the real question here is when is YouTube going to allow The Slow Mo Guys to post videos at higher frame rates for people with higher refresh-rate monitors to enjoy? Also weird question, why does 50 fps videos from The Slow Mo Guys look smoother than a lot of 60 fps videos on YouTube? Seems contradictory to the first half of this comment I know.
slow mo videos are always so satisfying to watch😌
looks like a gura gura no mi attack from one piece
Gav? ... Are you going grey there mate? lol
لا إله إلا الله. محمد رسول الله  La elah ela Allah. Mohamed rasol Allah
When this channel hit the 10 mil subscriptions, Marques Brownlee was just getting some traction. Today they have the same number, 14.1 mil subscribers... Growth...
Much better look! doesnt look like Jesus anymore!
i cannot wait for the day they upload another vid together for the first I'm in like 2 years, I miss dan guys
Hey !! Why did you not choose Sunlight with a glass to reflect at your convenient direction. The light you used isn't enuf I beleive. Please do think of redoing it on the da light. I loved this ! It unlocks a lot of theory of de-bonding of material !! Cheers to your team 👍🏼
What happened to Dan? I've been out of the loop for a while. Can someone fill me in pls?
7:58 I love that sound
He started with a car window... uhm, I wonder why.
How do I get 800,000fps to my pc?
I keep thinking Dan is in this video, but it’s just u with a deeper voice.
And Dan isn’t even there to experience it…
I watched this at 0.25x speed too 😎
Me putting the video on .25x speed: "oh yeah this is big brain time"
The speed of sound in glass is 9000 mph.  Is that how fast the crack is growing?
Still not enough frames to see light travel
what happened to the other slow mo guy?
So slow mo guys and Demolition Ranch collaboration ;)
Where is ather one guy?
The trick is to use 2-3 fish tank pebble sized pieces at once.. we used to do this in our friends' junk yard (family owned so we had permission haha). It's best to get a bit of saliva or water on the 3 pieces in your palm and throw them all together.
I have a park plug as a rear view mirror ornament because that spark plug ruined my engine. I keep it as a reminder to replace my spark plugs in time. Now I can see how it will possibly break my windshield in slow motion.    By the way if you're wondering how a spark plug can ruin an engine, it's electrode fell in the combustion chamber and it absolutely destroyed the piston, the head, the valves as well as heavily scraping the wall of the combustion chamber. It was fixable, but very expensive.
where is dan? what did i miss
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPBM0g9usMs   You could do this again!!
Sheeeeeeeesh🔥🔥🔥
Next ice formation please 🤩🤩
Spark plug easy access to those goodies left on show
We watched it in more slower..... Thanks to YouTube (0.25x) 😀
We used to crush spark plugs up for the ceramic and all it takes is one tiny piece to shatter an entire window
The video is in 50 fps😂😂😂😂
Hey Gav, watching this full 4K@60fps I feel like it is already being done, but nevertheless I would like to ask whether or not you could use an external video program to upscale those low resolution videos that the Phantom does. Y'know, maybe get that 1280x96 to punch an even better quality. Again, I don't know if you already do that, but if not, it could be a good idea
Awesome footage! Wished you would've calculated the speed the crack travels. Or anyone in the comment section who wants show off their math skills?
Why was that gun not used to ahoot the glass?
Oh teaching people how to steal more cars. Amazing haha
My eyes trying to watch the moment of impact be like :  👁👄👁   😑  👁👄👁 😑  👁👄👁
wheres dan
Nice!  Can't wait to see close ups of imploding cavitation bubbles at these speeds!
Something I was wondering is if there’s anyway to have two slow motion cameras capture the same target from the same angle using a setup similar to how you have to capture 3D footage and then linking their trigger with software so the second camera captures footage in between the frames of the first camera? If done right it could essentially double the frame rate
Wow, I'm stunned
3:04 speechless... The way it shattered...
Try that in vacuum.
What is the cost of that beast
the last one is amazing
Hey Gav, nice shoes🤭
More lightning storms coming?
Record the impacts
Have you looked at TopazLabs Upscaling AI for some of those lower resolution shots? It may be able to bring out even more detail for fine cracks like that
One of these days Gav will film time travelers actually moving through cracks in time...
You should do a slo-no camera slo-mo. look at the shutter and all of the moving parts.
It looks like the propagation of a lightning strike.
Life pro tip you can get upto 3200k fps if you watch in 0.25 playback speed
I can even get slower. With YouTube playback speed option 😎. 800,000 FPS your video, mine is 4 times slower than that XD
Hello guys, I hope you will join forces with your brothers in #Palestine and #Gaza because they are under bombardment by planes and the Israeli army😔😔
Gavin: “1.75 million frames per second”  Gamer PC with 19 college funds worth of tech: “Pshhh rookie numbers”
Hes never had such good quality crack before.
Uno u didn’t have to throw it so hard could of lightly tossed it and it would do the same thing
You should paint your logo on one of those cutting boards, then drop it again in front of the phantom, and boom, epic new Intro
Please please please do the old fire tornado vid with this camera. That is still on of the most mesmerizing visuals i have ever witnessed.
reminds me of the first episode of TWD game
No one gonna talk about the gun?
Do this experiment under water bro 😍😍😍
Don't ask me how I know but you could use way smaller pieces of ceramic just make them wet and throw then the right way and no window will survive.
Can you guys film a cricket making whatever noise a cricket makes?🤔 Obv not at 800000 fps tho cause that's mental
I'd like to think I have you the idea for this on Twitter Gavin! @partyupstairs
how much is the camera?
Can you please do the lightning video again with this phantom? Please, pretty please.
that was sick,so it made me wonder can you calculate the mph! you might start a new field of competition glass shattering drag racing,one last thing will a BB gun still shatter glass it use to............hey that's an idea accelerate a BB (or bullet) so fast it burns up from the atmosphere at 800,000.fps i think someone is trying to do that with baseballs
How much did the new phantom camera cost BTW?
Had a deep fryer blow up in my face last night. I think some water got in it. Would love to see that in slow mo.
Now that was awsome! 800,000 fps....gosh!
Euler’s Disk the amount of rotations it makes before stopping. And the explanation of why it can stay up so long
Always fun watching gav playing with his new toys. Can’t wait for more!
I don't know what impresses me the most, the speed of the cracking glass or the speed recording of the camera.
I'm curios how a lightning would look like with this camera...
Get a bunch of phantoms all in a long line and shoot a bullet through glass and fruit and wood and follow it with a bunch of different phantoms in a line
А куда делся его напарник ?
I love that you record in 4K. It’s the best quality.
how ££££ much is that camera?
You ought to sell that beautiful radiating first fracture footage, to whoever creates the title sequences for the James Bond movies. That would look insane on the big screen. Your new camera is a beast. I look forwards to it being used more. Thanks for sharing that frankly astonishing footage.
Try to do water + lava in slow motion
When will you show us how to throw a car battery in to the ocean? In slow motion of course.
Wow!  :)
Curious to see if you would be able to catch lightning strikes with this one. Not as in, catching the fork descent like you did in Singapore, but actually seeing the actual strike..
Okay
Hi guys! I think it would be stunning to capture the light produce by sugar candies when are crushed. What do think of that?
Imagine the sparkplug on the tip of an arrow 🏹
"When glass breaks, the cracks move at speeds of up to 3,000 miles per hour."   That's around mach 4.
you should film an explosive detonating without any sort of container or wrapping so you can maybe see the gas being produced
Slow mo of a bullet hitting a rain drop. That would be cool.
When you put the playback speed at 0.25x so that you can watch it slower than the slow mo guys 😏
Has anyone been able to do an estimate on how quick the cracks move through the glass?
Suppose to break the ceramic off the actual plug and throw the chips
7:48 just a little bit of gavə
get a better lens ? f2.8 is not very good, and if light is extremely important, surely theres optics out there that you could make use of at wider apertures
I can only imagine how large the file sizes are going to be at 500kfps
Wow.
Learn Basics of Turkish in just 3 months. Here is the first lesson 👇 https://youtu.be/AEvMxWRB0kQ
2:43 “Enemy thermite incoming”
Can you film when a person stands next to a bass playing music and show the pupill vibrating?
"I was waiting for this camera to be invented and... It's been invented."  I CANNOT describe how cool this is to watch. Definitely one of my favorite vids of yours, and I've been here quite a while.
How much does that phantom cost?  presumably a lot based on the 4 ads i watched during this 10 minute video.
Im starting to think that maybe Dan was the one to think "Safety First" with these based on the fact that Gav never put down a tarp or protection for the Phantom when he just dropped a plate of glass on the floor. While wearing shorts. Dude that made me so nervous
I wonder if this camera, could be set up, to be used in like an array of 8 or so cameras stacked, record at max FPS and by developing some computer software, piece together the video from the camera array into one full, glorious image?
Gamers: HOLY SH- 800k FPS!
the dislikes are from cutting boards watching this video
1.75 million frame per second  me- Brah
police should carry spark plugs in case they need to break a car window.
That was soo cool!  Back in the late ‘80’s, I worked for an Entertainment and Vending company that had lots of video, pinball, cigarette and other type machines.  While servicing pinball machines at a customer location (truck stop), I pulled the glass out, turned it edge-wise to stand it between two machines.  When the edge touched the tile floor, it exploded in my hand!  Reflex caused me to turn my head away so when I looked back, there was just a pile of glass beads and a small section of semi fractured glass in my hand.  Right where I was holding it, there were NO cracks and I wasn’t hurt!  I turned to an attendant and said, “I didn’t drop it, see?!”, holding up the section in my hand.  Maybe you could try filming that, though I might suggest wearing gloves...  Love the channel!!!
Just lovely !
Me watching my phone crack as I drop it out of my hand
3:05 Loved that new sound effect
This vid should be 10 seconds long
Does it even need a sharp edge? It’s the hardness not the sharpness that’s cutting the glass anyway.
Did you just say 1.75 million FPS... WOW
How much does that camera cost?
Idea: mix acetylene and a little bit of air for a cool flaming balloon. If you want to go further use pure O2 instead of air for a massive boom.
Cmon Gav you gotta do you SmallHD tutorial, cant always keep skipping it
Where is Dan?
*WARNING FOR EPILEPTIC WATCHERS* I approve of this comment
We are not buying these ridiculous claims of tunnel digging. Nobody wants to go to Texas lol. What have you done with Dan, and did you get it in slow motion? Good to see new vids! Thanks!
"Insane with the framerate" placed a Cypress Hill earworm in me...thanks Gav
flash? snyder cut anyone?
I slowed down this video to 0.25 ... Makes it more beautiful shot
You can use porcelain from a dinner plate, coffee mug... you just need to remove the gloss from it, so just wash it with Hydrochloric Acid to clean it.
Slow mo for me making the moves!
Sounds like it's almost time for LTT to build another system for you guys. Lol
I thought the thumbnail was a spaceship traveling through space for a second...
Where is Dan?
That look down at 1:10 has some serious meme potential.
My phone is just 30 fps
Shoot something at  x fps (feet per second) and record it at 1000x fps (frames per second) and then layer all of the videos on top of each other and see how the diff projectiles are effected by drag would be a really cool imo.
2am super slow mo glass breaking? Sure lol
Bruh me who doesn't even get 50 fps  Them 800,000 fps
7:12 would love to see a 10 minet video of just that travel
Car jackets are taking their notes
What if I watch it at 0.5 speed?
You need to team up with smarter every day again
im just here for the Crack. 3:42
How soon does the saved frames pile  reach a GB?
What happens when you try to drop a ten  dollar  tempered cutting board on a table  with the camera pointed at the sun
In a recent episode of Savage builds by Adam, they built a spring hammer to hit nitroglycerin. Result a 2inch thick steel plate flew almost a 100 ft heigh. Can you slow it down with this??? 😀
I love how happy this makes Gav.
*Sad Dan noises*
are this funckin real?
Youtube must really hate you guys for using so much bandwidth
With a very long lense, could you point this towards the sun and see any movement (heat distortion) with that camera?
*PETETION: BRING BACK DAN!*
The slow-mo guy :( thanks for the vids regardless!
one of the ads that I got while watching this was for a company that comes out and fixes your car windows when they break.
Long time viewer, first time commentor: I would be very interested in seeing the process of explosive hydroforming in slomo . Seems right up your street. https://youtu.be/96yhdnhPxAw
1:28  "insane with the frame rate" ...insane in the brain!
That's just became me new wallpaper.. (2:48)
the way he puts all this to perspective is unreal
What did Meg think of the mess and noise
hopefully Dan can come back soon
The Slow Mo Guys: 800,000 Fps!!! Me an intellectual: watching the video at 0.25 speed...
Do lightning! (or a tesla coil, something with static electricity)  So how fast does it crack? Just eyeballing your font size of "Slow Mo Guys" I'd say the entire width is about 18 inches (big error bars here- I didn't go measuring pixels or anything). If it takes .000181s to move from left to right, as you say, that's about 2,526 m/s 5650 mph). And that is the crack moving up AND down not just exactly left to right, so it is even faster than that (maybe like 40%? taking the hypotenuse of some triangles up and down).  So maybe like 3 or 4 km/s...   However, my original speed ( 2500m/s) is about 2x faster than your findings in "How fast does glass crack? - The Slow Mo Guys" (2018) of 4578ft/s (1395m/s | 3100 mph). But I suspect you can be more accurate by simply measuring the 'exact' distance before hand. Cheers!
2:45 My brain is just : "what just happen??? ❓❓❓"
He's looking to rent it out LOL
my car is missing front left door! anyone help! call 911
This your new Cammie, not Destin's? :) It bootifull! :D
Maybe should've filmed the last one in sunlight 😂
Just saying if u slow the video down you can see I break a lot better
all those slowmo noises are fake fyi
Think about this!  He's probably breaking cellery to show how glass breaks
Oooo NEW AUDIO SICK !!!
you should redo the apple explosion
Where is that other guy!?
The Internet: "Did you know they shot a 20hr battle scene for lord of the rings and tossed out countless frames to compress it to a few minutes in the movie" Gav: "Hold My Beer!"
Pea-shooter.
That camera costs as much as my house
Weren't you concerned that the spark plug might bounce off and hit the lens?
I watched this video in 0.25x speed😎
Get yourself a Tesla Cybertruck and a baseball-sized steel ball bearing!
Watching slow mo guys at youtube's slow motion :D
I comment to help statistics
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW
I would like to see how missiles go through buildings in slow mo, just kidding I am reminding you about the real conflict
It’s nice to finally see the date from when you actually filmed versus when you uploaded
Why has Daniel been missing for slow long?
the CRUNCH
So cool bro !
Is that camera a lease or loan? 😮
2:43 thank me later
where is Dan?
sad for the good car windows
How much  travelling of crack was slower compared to the speed of light?
Love your Slo-mo videos!!!
Amazing.
Do you own this? Or is it rented? How much does it cost?
I love taking the slowest shot and putting it to .25% speed
Well now you have to film everything again.
Creased up listening to Gav at 3:05 and at x0.25 speed.
big brain: watching it in 0.25x speed to make it even slower
Throw IT on a Aquarium
yes.. BUT you missed the chance to get the speed of the "break" front on that last plate! do it.// do it
pov you’re running out of ideas
Do you watch this Videos in Slowmotion too? To Slow down the slowmotion?😃😀😄😅😂😄😆
I... I am wordless.... Seeing glass crack at a trackable speed?!!
looks like water freezing
The audio bits of this vid are epic
Watch this at 0.25 playback speed
Could you guys do an episode on the spitting spider? Would love to see that slow mo
Hmmm, now slap Dan
YouTubes max output is 60FPS.  Can't imagine how expensive of a monitor you must have to watch this!!
This is just incredible. What a unique perspective. The math and speed of it all blows my mind...
From 8:04 seec we get the same sound effect as POP warrior within one swords power
Who are you, and what did you do with Jesus?
Can you calculate how fast it moves? Say the chopping glass length is 20 cm, and takes x nano sec to break from point A to B. How fast would it be in m/sec?
3:00 ZA WARUDO! TOKI WO TOMARE! *BWOOOOOOOZZZZTTTTTTTTTTTTT TICK TICK TICK*
We HAVE to revisit the breaking of prince Rupert's drops with this new framerate!!
Purchase link? 😅😅😅
So is Dan a lot more in debt now? Or is Destin? Hmmmm
What FPS would you have to film at to see the speed of light?
cough, cough.  That wasn't in Gav's pitch.
Time to vanish all the cars from my town
WOW this was awsome!! the drop at the end was amazing.
I think fire would be a worthy candidate for this level of slo mo - gas burner too.  Ace content, as always!
Ied love to see a armour peirceing incendiary rounds hit a target, because you only ever get to see a flash if you lucky, but the mechanics of shooting a travelling explosion needs this capture speed to really see anything.  buut yeah covid makes this just a thought atm
i look forward to when you and Dan are able to film together again, it is great that you guys are trying your best......just make sure to tell Dan not to forget to take that left turn at Albuquerque
record iron rod snapping slo mo again. with this camera!
Why is no one talking about the fact that he is throwing something he expects to shatter glass at a surface it may bounce off of with a multi-thousand dollar lens only a couple feet away?!?!?!?!?!  Sure, watching a phantom lens shatter at a bajillion frames per second would be impressive, but....
Can u make video in cavitation phenomenon in water
Can we see light travel in this camera?????or something a little bit slower then tha light😕🙂
A window punch pen would have been perfect for a pin-point location at such a close view.
I miss Dan
you know the camera is serious when it sounds like a vacuum...
In terms of light am I right in thinking that is 6 meters per frame then?
i'd love to see the small lens with an eye blink with the new camera.
how fast is the crack traveling
Wow!!! This is amazing💜👍
Where’s Dan ?
My friend got over excited after watching this video and started to film the video at slo mo breaking his car's window with his red mi note 8....😁
Can you compare this crack speed with the speed of light??
Hah, had to do the video to pay for the haircut!. Ironic the 1st advert was for refurbed phones, mind just wait until after June 1st for adverts all over the place put in by YouTube against creator settings. 🤔🤭🤫😂
Wow! I could watch this all day. Beautiful and fascinating!
Наконец сбрил бороду))
Do mlb player pitches slow mo, going through his pitches and show the seams and movement
Wait...didn't you guys film LIGHTNING with the old Phantom?! Is this glass faster than lightning?! Can anyone sciencey explain why tempered glass brakes so fast?
At least you have had a haircut now Gavin.
It was amazing to see the wobble of the last cutting board as it hit the floor, just before it cracked and disintegrated.
i never thought a number as big as that would ever make me feel excited 1.75 Million frames are you kidding me can we revisit some old videos make them slower???
So what is the speed of propagation of a crack in tempered glass? It appears to be faster than the speed of sound through the medium which is weird if true.
I wonder if you can slow mo a slow mo lol
A Slow Mo Guy
No more borrowing from Destin eh ?
The glass dropping was amazing...❤️🔥
Cmon why would u cut you hair off! Sad
Try that on bullet proof glass
I watched this video in 0.025x speed and now I can literally see the atomic particles in each crack.
OUTstandingly cool! Thanks!  ...and greetings to Dan.
He made sure it was indexed correctly and even under boost the spark did not go out!! Great job!!
The dude at the salvage yard wanted to mess with the slo mo guys so he gave them a Subaru outback (maybe legacy, i dunno) To break.
Giveaway some tmx 7510 dude don't be sticky
Were is dan
you should redo that vid you did ages back demonstrating frame rates by smashing mugs.
Insane in the frame rate Insane in the frame!
8:49  Yep Destin really needs to get his hands on one of these.
One day we need to have gav say "Guys, it's finally happened. travel restrictions have lifted somewhat and Dan is here!" And meg walks in in a Dan cosplay and they spend the entire thing pretending that she is Dan. absolutely
not the fastest frame rate, on this channel. you did film the speed of light the other year. although it wasn't you doing it you were just watching
Slow Mo Guy(s)
Glass Animasl
you should film the aperture of the phantom
With this camera one could actually try and see what is faster.. a lightning bolt going from the sky to the ground or glass breaking.
You should collaborate with Mat From #Demolitionranch that would be absolutely EPiC!
It'd be interesting to see some large calibre rounds impacting metal at those frame rates.
"Insane with the Frame Rate! Insane with the Rate!" 1:28
To improve light, you could place it over a bucket of water and set the lights on the water so Total internal reflection would give a lot of light. The shot would be nice
Revisit thunder with this camera!
I miss Dan, sneak him in
Capture the movement of electricity of light next time...
Amazing Video always..
Dude I’m hella excited for this new cam
Please record something "spring loaded", like a rolling measuring tape, etc... They should be soooo cool in slow motion.
I can't wait to see Dan's reaction to that absolute beast.
Wow so cool.as everything that's has evolved. So will this camera, so what's is what comes after nanosecond,that's the camera that will capture glass before it breaks,oo and love all your videos subscriber for life.
I'd love to see a bullet hitting a really dense object at this speed, maybe a steel plate or something. I'll bet you could see the bullet itself deform as it hits and how the spinning affects that, and really closely follow the deformation of the target, it'd look really cool
Gavin the Leonardo of our age waiting for inventions to keep up
Can you get a slow mo of dan digging his tunnel?
Nice haircut! :) What a delight to see you groomed again! :)
Wait did I just see that last board WOBBLE at the edge before cracking???
actually you still able to break the glass with only the ceramic parts and without the metal part. some thiefs in my country use this method, first they destroy the ceramic into smaller pieces,  spit on them (idk why), then just throw it to the glass without triggering the car alarm
Wait at 800,000 can you film light traveling ??
Very not interesting
*8:37** B O N K E R S*  _Mumbo Jumbo intensifies_
On that last cutting board, it looks like there is a wobble that starts at the bottom goes up the glass, and then back down and when it reaches the starting point the glass then cracks
Has a gun just lying there in his garage.
I love the Gavvy shoes :D
Amateur Robbers: Write that down now!!!"
Wow! Loved your video
Hi guys, Quick investment message. Search for Hedera Hashgraph online. It's a crypto. Be a part of it before you miss out, like Bitcoin lol.
The slow mo guys are also the fastest guys as they see everything in slow motion
They really be yes
3:00 timelapse of the universe in the blink of an eye
That is Literally CRAZY !!! 😲 THANK YOU DUDE !!!!  That was so much SATISFYING !! 😄😁
When I was a motorcycle courier many many years ago, all the guys would keep bits of busted sparkplug in their handlebar mitts, which would be used to similar effect on any car driver who cut them up, or otherwise endangered them.
The Phantom is cool, but hitting Dan with random stuff is much better. :)
Three words. Lightning at 800,000fps.
3:17 it's like in a zoom meeting with 10k people on
@1:30 when you're showing the display close-up there's an annoying high pitch tone. Anyone else hearing it?
3:03 play this at 0.25x and see the glass break even slower! Lol
With this kind of frame rate, bullets leaving the muzzle of a gun will look great
Haha, those Subaru Outbacks are built different! I once had a meth head try to break through the front window while I was sleeping in the back. Three hits with a spring-loaded center punch and one with a rock, and my window was still intact!
This gives me flashbacks to the Walking Dead game where this happens in season 1 episode 1
Cant wait to hear the "im Dan"
You can see light travelling on 10000000fps  ,
Could you record a slow mo and then record the recording again to get a slower recording? Would you do it that way and would it be clear or no?
Oh cool!   (plays it at 0.25 speed on youtube)  Oh cooooooool!
Good video, maybe try capturing a spark plug arcing out?
3:00 And there goes the dinosaurs...
Me: completes watching this video Notification: you have consumed 50% of your daily data
smashed it
actual comment. I'm usually amazed at your slow mo's Gavey, But this is so mesmerizing and fascinating. The fact you can now see the speed on glass shattering. I wonder what other old content you have that needs to be re shot with this camera.
This is sick
If I ever end up homeless all I need is a stolen spark plug from Auto Zone, and I can have a car. Sweet!
i learned thar sparkplugs can destroy car windows thanks to telltale's walking dead game.
2:43 smashing a sparkplug against car window 5:50 1st attempt - smashing a sparkplug against glass cutting board 6:56 2nd attempt - smashing a sparkplug against glass cutting board 7:48 dropping a glass cutting board
Such a funny sounding laugh 0:24
Nice haircut dood
awesome 😎
That 1280x192 is a MOOD
-"Did you do it? Did you get the new Phantom TMX 7510?" -"Yes" -"What did it cost?" -"Everything..."
I'd love to see glass being shattered by a bullet. That way the speed of the glass shattering has some context.
Wait, do you own that bad boy?
So you won't Drive but own parts of a car?
I like the shoes gav 👍
60 fps with gfx tool in my mobile
Wish I could go out and buy a $170,000 camera for my youtube channel lol
I mean the camera is not cheap but there is also the storgage thats gets more expensive because of chia mining.
I like your shoes G
the one at 8:00 is sick
Ultra legends are watching this video playback speed in 0.25x 😎
Do you own, borrow or hire the camera?
"The slowmo guys? I haven't heard that name in years"  All jokes aside the duo is back boys!
Based on your images I estimated the crack moves at roughly 2400m/s or 8700km/h (or about 3876736445 horse-steps/winters for my american lads and their messed up units)
5:00  How fast is 100 nano-seconds? At a 100 nano-second shutter speed you would not to able to take a picture of something farther than 15 meters away from you. The light would simply not have enough time to travel the distance from your flash, to the object, and into the camera sensor. The light would not travel the total 30m distance for the duration of your shutter being open.
That was better than teaching my lesson. Thanks
So slow mo football to dans face when he returns at 800000 frames? Ues
Where is Dan?
Alexa play shattered glass by Britney Spears
Where is your buddy ,partner
I hate covid because I miss seeing Dan :(
On that super slow shot I literally went “WOOOOOOOAH” out loud! Amazing stuff!
This is crazy,  wonderful guys
0:49 Did you acccidentally write "what" instead of "that" when you were writing the script for this video? I like that it was kept in. 😂
Hello Mr Hunt
Imagine watching it in 2099 and saying: oh! 800k fps, thats so cute! And having a camera that can shoot at 1b fps
Where's dan
SHOUT OUT TO DAN!!  SEE YOU SOON!  WOO WOO!
😱😱😱cool👍👍👍👍
Gavin!! You recorded this on my birthday! Cheers!
I wish I was slow.
Rupert's drop please...
hmmm I guess the next video might involve .177 bb's
can someone tell me where is the other slowmo guy
Can it film the speed of light 🙄
I'd love to see some underwater explosions with this thing. Backyard Scientist has an amazing video where he poured molten salt into an aquarium. It was a fantastic explosion that he got pretty decent slo mo out of. Recommend checking that out. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PDRWQUUUCF0
Cool bro
Its pure evil that google places ads two times in the middle of the glass shattering.
You don’t seem to protect the lens of the camera, must be lucky or wealthy.
holy moly
Great to know if you drive into a lake. Get out of the car, pop the bonnet, extract a spark plug, crack the spark plug, get back into the car, break the window the the spark plug, escape through the broken window.
Glass is glass, and glass breaks
Thanks for watching on the board lol secret messages
watch it in 0.25x
Lol... Smarter Every day
Be safe
Hummingbird! Use this on a Hummingbird!
There's probably a scientist out there  using it for a paper
Time to upload that file chap
Me @ 100x slower clip: "Jeebus!" Me @ 3280x slower clip: "JEEBUS CHRIST!"
I watch the slow mo parts by reducing the playback speed by 2x
That's just under a day and half of footage lol
every youtubers dream .. to have that type of camera..
Gav, did you calculate the wave front speed of the car window shattering?
You gonna lend it to Destin?
It sounds so cool, when the glass brakes
WHERE IS DAN  ?     ❤️✌️
Hey Gave, have you ever filmed a phantom with a phantom? Meaning filming the exposed shutter with another phantom.
Might be a good time to remake that mug-breaking driveway where you showoff the different framerates
My potato computer be like: 7:57
You let the metal core of the plug and all its weight do the breaking. Try it without the metal rod inside the porcelain
Really love the hidden messages on the glass xD. How fast was your video filming lightning again?
I miss the slo mo guys
"In hindsight I should've probably put down tarp"  Proceeds not to for the rest of the video.
I think this has scientific utility in studying the behaviour of crack growth in glass
One day we'll have a phantom that will be able to do 1M fps at 1920x1080 and above, I hope that is in our lifetimes
Can you film a light ray passing through a bottle filled with air or water or a prism?
Lovely, fascinating, gorgeous video as always. Their love for their fans never ceases to amaze me 🥰💜
Bruhhh this camera is cracked
Okay for a moment I legit thought "there is absolutely NO WAY they launched a spark plug at *800,000 feet per second*
gudetama suitcase
The cracks (wavefront of cracks - a crackfront (TM)) travelled across the frame (say 20 cm) in 0.000181 secs. This puts the speed at 2500 mph, or mach 3.2.  This means the crack would travel from Gav in texas, to Dan (guessed at Birmingham, UK) in 113 mins. If you were flying an SR71 blackbird at maximum speed next to a massusive pane of breaking glass (it could happen) the crackfront (TM) would overtake you, 400 mph faster than you are flying. Fascinating vid Gav - really looking forward to new stuff with the new Phantom.
Whenever watch 80000 Fps....i feel,why can't i see my mind and thoughts in slow motion like this..
Didn't they do this on the walking dead game? Lol
Would love to see you film the propagation of a spark on those spark plugs, or even a stun gun. 👍🏽
I play games on 1280*720 and I get 25 fps my computer is literal garbage
i would like to see a bright enough light setup that we could see 800k fps without it looking like nighttime
Isn't this technically the second fastest you have filmed? Cause the episode capturing the light is the fastest...  Also do you use this camera to film "the largest gun in private ownership" misting melon's??
Gav, why is there a gun in your garage?
Put to .25 speed
Prince Rupters drop for the new camera!!! Pleeease
Wheres Dan, is he safe, is he okay?
Would be interesting to see how an egg fries with these new fps rates in macro.
Where is Dan?
I have a suggestion:  Drop a bouncy ball from about 4 or 5 feet and make sure it bounces under a ceiling of about 3 or 4 inches. Film the bouncy ball as it rapidly bounces between the floor and ceiling. You could even throw it hard to make it bounce faster.  My hope is to see how the ball compresses and decompresses rapidly in a short amount of time.
I like that he was able to afford that camera with the salary he has been saving up ever since he fired Dan from The slo mo guys. So i think its a win since  he can replace Dan with something like  Basterd (the dummy that mythbusters used to use)
I want to see different types of flying animals lifting off from a standing start.
Who else clicked just to see if he threw the whole spark plug?
this isnt gavin ion buy it
7:42 spark plug throw wasnt enough so he brought in the artillery
Hey! Thats a piece of my car!!!!!!!!!
Yay for frames! Also yay for new longest 2 seconds on youtube?
Gavin: I got a brand new, shiny phantom!   Also Gavin: Now watch me break glass & have it shatter only a few feet away from it 😂  Side note; This was bloody awesome!
So how many FPS do we need to see light traveling out of a flashlight?
Now I want to see Sam and Niko’s reaction to this footage just to push their limits in cgi effects to match stuff.
Congratulations guys we are the first humans ever .. to see something like this
amazing footage and skills. Ill enjoy them in 720p.
I kinda want a revisit of the Pyrex vid now. As a direct comparison
why gav so tiny?
when the camera is making a cheap laptop noise, you know something is up
A M A Z I N G !!!
i love gav<333
Eeee waiting for some really cool slow mo video
Time for "Lightning 2.0".
New haircut is on point!!! Awesome! No longer a hobo!
Fascinating that after the initial crack it has some delayed cracks
now you need another one to record offset frames to interpolate into a hypothetical doubled framerate
macro lens with the small resolution might give some dope footage, but nanosecond exposure.....(･_･;
So did you guess the speed of glass?
[Destin is typing] o o o
Spends $150,000 on a camera and $20 on the mic.
Just use the unbreakable window of the Cybertruck ... which can break 😉
First time seeing those shoes since you mentioned them. Gav... stop.
I just want to see the half a million price tag lol. How much does it cost?
You need to snip a prince Rupert's drop and film it in slo mo. Great video
Diy how to rob a persons car 🚗 xddd🤣🤣🤣
So can you give me the speed of glass breaking in mph?
ILM are downloading your videos… the digital CGI has begun.
incredible
YES!!! New phantom!!!
me putting this into 0.25 speed, ive just beat the system
That was so freaking satisfying and awesome to watch freaking loved it keep them coming 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎😎.
When throwing the piece of ceramic don't throw it so hard, more control with less velocity.
Glass breaks at around 3,000mph, crazy to see that at such high FPS
Some people buy Lamborghinis and some people buy cameras 😎
You did to those cutting boards what needs to be done to all glass cutting boards.
That's a good new haircut.
Yes yes officer, this video right here. He stole my car door. And only one door!!
Now to stack a few of those up with some fancy lenses and mirrors so you can make a video with the full frame pieced together from all the cameras lol
Ive been wondering about this ever since the walking dead video game. I had never heard of this before so i was a bit skeptical.  Was fascinated to see i was proven wrong
I'd love to see laminar flow in slow mo, like when it is forming (when you pierce a balloon full of water for example)
So insanely cool
Turning on the light at 10,000,000 fps
Can you calculate how speed is that?🔥
pro tip  double the slow mo by playing at 0.5x speed
Try to film a laser, will you be able to see the light travel?
Hi i'm gav...Oh right Dan's not there 😞
first glass cracks then gravity works
I think an amazing perspective to put on this would be shooting a pane of tempered glass with a bullet.  I think only then, many people will realize JUST how fast glass breaks.
Big brain: ima slow down the video even more
This was SMOOTH
If Dan's eventual re-appearance isn't filmed in Slow Mo you've failed.  Like Slow Mo Dan walking through the airport or up your driveway
do a prince rupert's drop 😁
While you don't have Dan on hand to assist you, you should make a second channel called "Slo-mo Guys -1". lol Jealous of the new camera!
Can't wait to see lightning with this camera or even explosions!!
I would apreciate if the price of the program wasn't hidden like it is right now, where you give you email and name to make an account and then you can see the price. just seems kinda sketchy ngl :D
Where the F*** is Dan?
The ablaze hexagon approximately present because patient naturally whisper against a delightful patio. smiling, righteous mountain
still loving the fact you have klipsch fortes!
6:53 Now Dan must upload the whole footage on the second channel.
So should you shoot the glass with a typical pistol, you can expect the cracking to propagate faster than the bullet that set it off.   (Based on the 800 kfs, 140 frames for the horizontal section, experiment three)
Who know the price of this beast?
Because increasing the speed only reduces the height of the frame, would it in theory be possible to get around that limitation by recording the same subject using multiple TMXs, stacked vertically and on alternating sides/angles while using the same mirror trick as with the 3D footage in order to get their lenses "closer" together and all pointed in the same direction so that the footage they're capturing overlaps and could be edited together? Could you stack 10 of these cameras on top of each other in an apparatus like that in order to get a composite 1280x960 recording of a single event at 500,000fps?
what is this thing he throws at the window? it's amazing!!!!
When is Dan coming back
Looks like a really fast lighting strike.
Throw this video into .25, it’s still pretty fast... whaaaaat
Can you try throwing the pieces at Dan's face?
1 word... so satisfying
8:06 wallpaper moment.
I see you're using a canon 24-70mm lens. Would it help to use a lens with a lower F stop, say 1.0? You would get more light, but obviously the focal length would be really short. It would be hard to align, but worth the end result, me thinks.
I miss Dan
Idk if Dan digging a tunnel is a joke or not but if not, why?
Can't wait til covid is over, and we can have Dan back again.  Love Gavin, and everything he's doing.  I appreciate that he's still doing this, but I can't wait to see a lot of my youtubers back in the same rooms together again.  I miss much of the friendship, comraderie, and chemistry between many of them.
7:54 the best part !!! 100%!!!!
So, to make a full resolution video with this crazy FPS one can just combine the footage strips from like ten of these phantoms. A couple of million dollars will do. :)
Congratulations for the new Phantom 🎥
Where is Dan?
2nd channel video incoming: longest 2,2 seconds on youtube
But why only spark plug,why not any other object
Watched on my iPhone 3
can you film paint drying with the new phantom?
You need to film electricity traveling through wood ⚡⚡⚡⚡⚡
Did not turn up in my notifications
greetings , now you can calculate how fast the crack moves , i think more then mach 2
using a regular file, the type used to file metal might be a better option, they're brittle and easy to smash up with a hammer, the pieces are smaller and a lot denser
1,75M fps..............🤯
Want it even slower? put the playback speed at 0.25😅
Did the other slomo guy leave?
i quite like how the footage is still high quality but just super thin haha
the slow mo guy
Imagin in game like mincraft or CSGO 800,000FPS
i thought the video said 800000 spark plugs vs car window. Thatt would be a crazy video doe
I love Gavin but I also miss Dan
"1 or 2 frames of crack" don't let the U.S gov find that out gav 😂😂
I'm sorry, but 800,000 fps should not be on The Slow Mo Guys channel. It should be on a Super Slow Mo Guys channel instead.
Would it be possible to have the phantom look through binoculars or something, so you might be able to see a full image in the thin resolution?
Do a video with Michael getting hit by paintballs with new camera
I wonder if the Tesla "truck" glass that broke so easily would break differently, when viewed as such a frame rate?
Sick new camera let's gooooo
I think Will Smith would approve happily
0:19 [Insert Terminator 2 soundtrack here]
I wish I could have seen my face when you broke the windshield, I didn't know it would do that, and having seen you fail at breaking the glass with a sledgehammer I assumed nothing would happen. Complete shock, awesome video.
7:58 OMG
I wonder if you scratched a pattern or something into the glass if you could direct the cracks?
Nice shoes xD
I hope you so something cool when Dan comes  Maybe more test?
Me an intellectual playing the video at 0.25 speed
Incredible!😱👍
Given this new camera is likely insanely expensive, the specialization of its application is equally insane.
In 30 years we may see full Rez 1M fps
Dammit where is Dan?
Can we get a 2nd channel video where you peel the plastic film off that display you maniac?!
*gets an amazing new camera* *throws incredibly sharp objects near it*
we miss dan
Это что то невероятное. Мне кажется, это то, что человек видеть то и не должен))
And you're still uploading at 50fps.  Why.
I'm so glad Gav cut his hair. He pulls off the clean cut look so much better
Please try lazer through optical fiber.
Always wondered if that spark plug trick worked. Wanted to try it when I was a kid but chickened out.
"This is my honest review: This thing is bonkers!" What a review 😄👌
The universe has so many things to share with us
I don't think it will ever not amaze me how fast glass shatters.
Does a light emitting diode flicker? Please film a regular light emitting diode at the highest speed possible.
That last falling shot is so satisfying to watch.
I can just sense the look on Destin's face seeing this :D
Please bring dan back. We miss him a lot...
Do you have enough frames to fairly accurately measure the speed that the crack propagates?  I'm interested to know how fast it moves in Miles or KM per hour.
Make an episode of camera in second channel.
A new airsoft gun?
How much storage do you fill with that camera?
Destin drooling at the screen lol
Destin is gonna love laminar flowing with that beastcamera.
2:43 ;)
Use a slingshot for accuracy
I hoped that you’d estimate the glass breaking speed...
When watching the slowmo preview from them, also set the playback setting on youtube to 0.25x
800k feet per second, i highly doubt it.
so idk if you will see this comment out of the tons you have but why do slo mo cameras capture sound? isn't the picture hard enough to slow down? or is that a editing trick?
Speed of "CRACK" vs  Speed of "LIGHT" bet who wins.. LOL
How fast is the speed of light compared to the speed of those cracks traveling? If that's something you could compare
i sit on a tempered glass chair thing so my chair doesn't eat the carpet this was so stress inducing
Please make a video with Demolition Ranch!
So, is glass cracking the 2nd fastest thing after "light"?
Is that grey? Grey hair? On my boi Gavin? Ugh now that's a punch to the gut.. 😖😭
Can you go back in time and use that see how quickly she shattered my heart? 💔
3:00 yes.
Where is Dan???
Please do goosebumps 😁
Gavins like a mad scientist but with cameras
We demand that Dan comes back as soon as possible
I wonder, if you introduce a polarising lens and shine polarised light, could you then see the internal stresses change as the crack travels.
The propagation of the cracking is so fast even at 800,000 fps.
Evil Minds: huh... another safe & efficient way to steal cars. (Transparent tape is pre applied to decrease the sound ofcourse).
the only thing that works better than this new phantom.... everyone's PC legit just watched this video and slowed every Slo-mo moment down even further by setting playback speed to 0.25x now I know what 1M fps looks like! its satisfying!
07:44 is that a real M16 rifle dude?! That would be sick!
The way its properly done is to crush it down to a packet full of sugar and with very little effort of a throw it will silently shatter.  Belive me it works.
The day this guy puts a jumpscare in one of these slow mo videos I’m unsubscribing😀
"I'm not going to waste money on automotive glass" says the dude with the fastest camera in the world.
Where’s Dan been???
Bro nice haircut!!!
7:30 can you attach the phantom to a microscope to observe something really small and really fast, like the stinging cells of a jellyfish when they activate?
You can calculate speed of crack from the footage.
Tell us how is Dan doing
Turn the camera on its side and go back for more lightning.
Where is Dan? We are missing him
Hey I've a suggestion. Take a slowmo video of water rolling on a hot non stick pan!
car window breaks at: 2:30 2500fps Slo-mo at: 2:43 82000fps Slo-mo at: 2:57  Glass panel breaks at: 5:48  500000fps  at:5:56  next glass panel at 6:36  800000fps at : 6:57  panel drop at : 7:58 panel drop slo mo at: 7:59
I agree with the clearing of the throat.
8:01. After seeing F on my exam paper
I can not wait to see Dan. I have yet to see him since the pandemic began I believe. And I’m ready for the change.
Fill a balloon with a flammable gas and ignite it with max fps. I bet that is WICKED looking
Insane
If you take a pair of wire cutters and nip one edge of the tempered glass it will shatter also. Might be a way to get a shot of it starting and propagating since you could control where it starts better than wherever the spark plug happens to hit.  That is still one of the coolest things i've ever seen in slow mo though!
Who thought this was accelerating a spark plug to 800000 feet per second? Cos that's unreasonably fast...
That was oddly satisfying to watch.
I had such a big grin on my face throughout this video that my cheeks actually hurt now XD The camera and science nerd parts of me have gone absolutely manic over this.
this is a feat
That’s crazy
The incredible technology of this camera means you can output in 50fps and still get the speeds you want, that's awesome
Wow!!!
Jut skip to @7:54 nothing is worth it before
Imagine filming lightning with this camera
Now you need to make a barrel/breech out of transparent aluminum (correct spelling) to record rim fire ammo being fired.
Wut happened to his partner?
Too think that the Flash thinks in attoseconds. Wow
7510=F L O O P I N
Kudos to your sound designer! I love the THUNK when the cutting board hits the floor. Sooo visceral!
You should go try detcord again since last time the camera only caught two frames of explosion
That's is so fast and so satisfactory at the same time.
Big balloon june shall be interesting with this beast.
@The Slow Mo Guys Bro! Love the new haircut! You look like you’re doing well :) glad to see you looking brighter
Do one of dude's balls and other dude's fist.
Yes! Another collaboration with Dustin!
Rip all the phone box's
"Break the glass." Alan Rickman would have been all over this video.
but, how much slower would those cracks be compared to light itself?
For those who are wondering what it happening: 1. Tempered Glass is constructed in such a way that the skin is put under tension as the glass cools. This tension gives the piece incredible strength against shattering when a distributed force is applied (like the sledgehammer) by deforming like a sheet flapping in the wind. The energy ripples across the glass, but the piece maintains it integrity.  2. BUT, if you SCRATCH the glass, that tension is released and the piece shatters under the strain.This shattering renders the glass into tiny little cubes. While these little bits are still sharp, you don't get the needle like, ultra thin, fines of glass that could shred skin.   It's odd, but both of these properties are the desired outcome of tempered glass. You don't want the glass to break just by someone putting their elbow, fist, or head through the glass, but when it does break, you want it forming shapes much safer than normal glass. (Trust me, I've worked with art glass for slumping and fusing. It's VERY EASY to cut oneself without knowing it, only to look down at all the blood on the table.)  Prince Rupert Drops demonstrate what goes into tempered glass.
We need to unlock America just to get Dan back.  This was a milestone for the channel.
you need more light
I can't wait to see Destin shoot weed wackers at 800000fps.
I would LOVE to see this thing record a Prince Rupert Drop fracturing at 800k fps.
Is that Dan's car door??
Make a video on glowing light in slow Mo , that gonna be amazing to see
I wish we could download some of the videos with high framerate, would love to watch on my 240Hz screen :)))
Where can I get me one of those?
...Dan goes out and finds his car door missing.
Imagine the money Gavin would get from selling NFT's of the slowmo... Maybe it will offset the cost of the camera he bought with just one of em 😂
Please do me the favour and make some high res underwater boomies
You should try to film to worlds fastest electric motor (40 million rpm) with this camera
Very freaking cool
I feel like this glass-shattering trick was something you learn growing up in a London estate?
Can you connect with Taofledermaus? They are a great slow motion show:)
You should do that with a toilet, q toilet would be cool, or I don't know know... a toilet?
So how fast does the crack travel?
How do you capture slo-mo sound? 😳
Any chance you guys have a lab coat for a 6yo? My daughter loves you and Dan, and misses Dan dearly. She also missed you dearly, and wants to know what your favorite color is <3  Thanks!
Crazy how the technology of high-speed cameras improves. I still remember when 10,000 fps was the fastest you'd been able to record on this channel
Do not walk barefoot in that room ever.
No joke. You should film some bowling shots. I really want to see how close a ball gets when you BARELY miss. Or even a strike.
Could you shoot with some sort of lens that’s super wide and squeezes the image the way an anamorphic lens shoots? Then those wildly wide shots could be squeezed in and taller, right? Just a thought! Great video as always.
Gav, dude, those pink shorts are a crime against humanity XD
Fastest ever recorded on this channel?! Does the SPEED OF F**KING LIGHT MEAN NOTHING TO YOU?!?!?!
If my calculations are correct, at 800,000 FPS, this will slow down the speed of light to roughly the speed of sound. It might actually be possible to start capturing light outside of the laboratory. Maybe using powerful light sources like "lasers" and mirrors and stuff!
Bruh I need this with like 6-8 of these phantoms framed on top of each other to get the full picture. As soon as I make a billion dollars I’ll send the equipment 😂
Congrats for the new camera! Cheers! Woohoo!
Gav: I've actually had this car door for several years.  Me: Is this why he had that second house for so long.
I think it would be really interested to know how fast the individual cracks are propagating through the glass. Not sure how easy it would be to calculate from this video without a direct scale.
Amazing. But I miss Dan 🙁
How much does this bad boi cost, everything online just says "very expensive"
These guys are going to discover something completely new very soon.
This is what thieves do in Mexico 😅
now that is really a framerate that i can play my games at
Would love to see a spark macro at this fps
7:45 .. just casually on the ground beside the camera..
I hope Dan is doing alright
How much storage does that 2.2 second clip take up?
camera/tech geek time
You need to film a tesla coil!
The fact he held onto a prop while waiting for new technology to be invented deserves to be commended
7:48 probably moving the wire so you don’t trip and fall on accident and destroy a phantom camera.
How much is that camera?
This camera is such an incredible piece of technology. Those slow mo shots are absolutely mind blowing.
Pyrex again? Now that you can go even faster?
This camera is such an incredible piece of technology.
You should do a colab with Demolition Ranch (also in Texas) and do gun stuff slow mo. He just shot a bunch of giant containers of ranch and it was hilarious.
glass breaking like lighting striking
I miss Dan. When he finally does get the chance to come and film it's gonna be so good.
Please do more ultrasonic stuff with this phantom.
So, how fast are cracks in the glass travelling?
Dude, that edge drop was totally awesome!
The only good use to glass cutting boards
Hope I'm alive the day we can do full 4K 5m FPS
what a game changer...
remake Prince Rupert's Drop with destin
5:56 feels like one of those stock logo clips at the beginning of someone's video. Just slap a logo after the glass falls
When you've got the height dialed down you could use an automatic centre punch for a precise start point.
One of the best videos I've seen on this channel. Want to know about that camera's price though 🙄
Shoot a laser through a prism.
hey Gavin.... you are cool
In an event of tempered glass-based  organism uprising, they will first look for Gavin and perform slowmo videos of throwing small objects onto a person's skin and/or dropping from a relatively high surface.
*pays 150,000 dollars for Camera*  "yeah getting another car window was a little expensive"
That is so cool and insane to think you can record that fast.
LIGHTNING!
Is this really a classic way to break a window?
Tie a piece of fishing line around the  jagged piece of the sparkplug to re-use. Don't ask me how I know.
Where's dan?
so this is what happened to Geo-....gavins old car......
Dan would be impressed.....that was cool....it almost looked like a space scene....keep doing what you do
Now to upload the raw 800k fps video. how many GBs lol xD
I'm definitely not getting a glass cutting board
Absolutely smashing job!😂
In 50 years: "Hello the Internet, I'm Gav, and today we're going to be looking at a black hole forming in 64k at 1 billion frames per second"
Please make a video on spark plug hitting the man's balls
I too have been waiting for years to see this
Amazing. This is the first glass breaking episode that truly ever made me pause and rewind multiple times in flabbergasted awe.
And i will watch this video at 'MAXIMUM RESOLUTION'
Would it be possible to stack several of these together so that, while they are only recording a small area, you can have them record areas next to each other that can be combined into a larger concurrent shot? Would be cool to look at larger scenes at that frame rate
At some point, please let me come be your sound guy.
We need the speed of the cracking in km/hr
Would love to cover a 1911 shot, want to confirm round leaves the barrel before it unlocks from the slider. Would like to confirm that the barrel angle remains unchanged until the bullet is clear
When Dan is finally able to travel and finally be in a video,  I'm going to shriek so loud.  BTW, the new camera is cool AF. Maybe could revisit that lightening.
that was incredible. both the glass breaking, watching it at such an obscene slowness, and the realization of how fast/small a nanosecond is. I love this channel so much just for teaching me these things I'd never even consider until Gavin (and Dan) point them out.
Any time I get a new laptop or monitor, I come watch one of these videos
Wish I could understand what Gav is saying. Not all of us are blessed with a functional pair of ears…
Gavin sold Dan to human traffickers to afford the new camera
When he said it was the slowest ever filmed on this channel, my first thought was, "no, that can't be right, he filmed a coffee mug breaking at 1 million fps a while ago"  Looked it up and it was only 10,000 fps. It just seemed like a million back then. Also that was 9 years ago, where does the time go??
I remember the days when 10k FPS was the fastest you'd ever shot. Crazy how far it's come since then
So are the cracks propagating at the speed of sound in glass?
3:00 did anyone else notice that this looks like a spaceship floating through space
I locked my keys in the car in another state with a really nice bubbler on the front seat.... this was 20 years ago. Might as well left crack sitting out. What can I say we were high as fook. Looked around, found a nice big rock, took my t shirt off and wrapped it around the rock. Hours later, arms tired, getting dark, and that f'n window WOULD NOT BREAK! MY buddy and I took turns all night, ended up having to call a tow truck company to break 8n for us. Lol
I see whats going on here, Gav has kicked Dan out of the Slo Mo club and is going to take all of those internet dollars to build his own Slo Mo empire.  Just like what happened at Microsoft or something.
If you use a center punch, which can break tempered glass, you can control exactly where the break starts. It might be kinda cool to see the cracks staring.
7:54 I love how the cutting board falls, and then when it hits the ground, just stays there for a few seconds, and _then_ cracks.
Guys, why doesn't Dan show up in the videos anymore? Did they break up or what?
where is Dan ?
"Hello there!  I'm Gav, and today I didn't bother with good audio!"
Upload more!!!!
So satisfying
2:56
Nitip sendal sebelum rame
Pls more 😁
Could you line 10 of them together to get a bigger view of the high speed shot? $$$
Thanks for this new video. Greetings from Mexico!
1:30 Is that my tinitis getting worse? *pauses video* Oh good.
I'm liking the Dan tunnel arch coming from these videos. I hope we see the tunnel become a busting place of transport soon
I love it i hope Dan can comeback soon i realy want to see him on this camera xD
Anybody else want to see glass crack at the max framerate for the new Phantom?
Cost of Phantom 7510.....?
He’s finally gotten a haircut. Nature is healing
At first i thought you will be shooting the sparkplug on the glass at 800000 feet per second
Good stuff Gav (and Dan)
WOW, that is so cool! 😎
How does ice cracking compare to glass?
Is your camera for sale?😂
Love the channel and all the videos!! Please please please do bullet impacts!
Lightning!
Try sling shot for targeted impacts of the ceramic. :)
Having Will Smjth in your presence is more embarrassing.
Time to redo every previous video?
Can you film when a person is standing next to a bass playing music and show the pupill vibrate?
Could you guys do lightning again with the TMX
So, you didn't do the math to determine exactly what speed the cracks are forming at? It'd be an interesting calculation converted to miles per hour, meters per hour but even comparing it to the speed of sound and light.
Upload the full uncut version
Anyone miss Dan?
Prince Rupert's drop please!!
Niiiiiiccceeeee, such amazing Shorts !!!
this reminds me of the slowmo lightning you guys did
Anyone else reduce the playback speed on YouTube when he was showing the glass breaking in slow mo so you can see it even slower?
Oooh, I'd love to see lightning at that speed with high resolution.
How about sticking an 2x anamorphic lens vertically so you can have a image double the height
Amazing ❤️🔥
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Awesome ❤️
So mesmerizing to watch.. Really Satisfied. ❤️
Mind blowing in reality..
"Invented" This sort of capability has existed for 12 years already... I would have assumed we would be able to record 1 million FPS at 4K at this point... Or even 100K FPS at 4K and using 10 of those and mirrors to record a subject at 1 mil FPS in 4K. Or 10 mil FPS at FullHD...  I am disappoint
So it's quite understandable why the glass breaks radially, but why circumferentially? I assume it is a result of the tempered glass not appreciating the rapid propagation of sound waves causing uneven disturbances, but when you look closely you see there is actually a delay in the circumferential cracks. They happen after the sound wave has already passed. Pretty interesting. If anyone has some insight that would be cool.  Unrelated, the speed of sound in glass is approximately 5 km/s, so it's no wonder it is so fast.
Did you buy it or borrow it from Destin?
I love the techy camera stuff. Glad you include it in the videos
Record a slow motion video in slow motion
You should've definitely put a tarp down there.
I just wanna know the price on that beast
More
oi loved the vid gavvy
I bet that thing cost 20x more than my house
gonna need some more lights
I guess this means you don't need to borrow Destin's camera anymore.
I am so excited for more.
In the last shot, the flashlight is like  moon 😂 😂
Can you show the speed of light with this new camera? I want to see that experiment.
Hear me out... use the phantom to record the recording to get slowmoception
This is fascinating.... Zack Snyder did it really well tho! #restorethesnyderverse
Please film the time it takes for a nightlight to automatically turn on when the lights in the room turn off, and vice versa. It's not the speed of light, it's the response time of the electronics.
7:57 that sound of the glass hitting the ground is so impactful, makes it look huge
100ns? Uh... I have some RAM that’s slower than that. Also, at the speed of light, 1ns is about a foot.
You could of at least had Dan on a zoom call ya barsteward.
New camera = time to go shooting again!
Honest review: "This thing is BOnkers"
Honest review: "This thing is BOnkers"
7:55 at 0.25 is unearthly
It’s so cool to see how much slower it drops then how fast it breaks !!
100ns ? my computer can only read its memory 20 times, thing is impressive
It's been so long, where is Dan?
That last shot looked like you dropped it on a wet road with the moon in the background haha
Now  it would be very interesting to know the speed of the crack propagation
Can we get a slow-mo on crypto mining price drop
We miss Dan. 😢
That moment when the temper glass fell and cracked in slow mo was one of the best things I've seen in my life
can it run crysis tho?
I like your cut B
ive always wanted to see dust being sucked or blown in so mo. i know its not the best way to test the new phantom but I think it would be pretty satisfying to watch 🤔
@SmarterEveryDay you got a shout out!
Beautiful 🙌🏻
Nice. They got a new camera
00:46 "This is the fastest phantom... what.. has ever been made" - Gav subtly or not-so-subtly reminding the audience of his britishness
but how am I supposed to remove the spark plug to smash the window to escape.
have you done a slowmo of a slowmo camera (like the interior or the shutters closing for each frame? If not I think that would be an awesome idea to do.
7:57 this makes me want to play some super hot. 🔥
I thought I was watching that frozen lake scene from the polar express
Anyone else watching in 4k rn
What speed does the break travel through the tempered glass?
Prince Ruperts drop at 800k FPS!!
Love the videos! My son would like to see a video of you running through a bunch of sprinklers in slow motion. It would make him laugh. 🙌
I think we need more Will Smith on Slow mo guys, we need the next level glutes!
why would you cut your hair?
very nice!!!   thanks again!!
Oh yes, new phantom! Hopes for lots of new and even more insane content! Dan better hurry
I have a questioned you rent those cameras or you own them
This is awesome
I always have been mesmerized by the det cord shockwaves on the super slow show, filming the shockwave in the 28k fps already blown my mind, imagine to see that in 80k fps and still having the same resolution!
Just buy 6 of these cameras and stack them to get a full frame image 😂
Imagine v7512 was invented.
I miss dan
I dread the file size 😅
Bet Tesla wish they had this problem
you should invite andrew and geoff over and shoot andrews fire extinguisher and film it in slow mo
Where is your long hair Gav ?!
Prince Rupert drop please!!!
Next time you film glass, please try putting a LED strip on the edge of the glass for lighting, see if it helps in seeing the cracks  :)
Has anyone calculated the speed of the fracture through the glass?
Gav should do some reaction videos with Dan, I miss his reactions. Gav was able to shoe Fauci some clips for a reaction, no reason why he can’t do the same with Dan. Also surprised he still hasn’t got a cardboard cut out of Dan either.
Nice hair cut and dang to bad Dan can't be there
Okay that last one really shows physics in action for this whole thing. I saw the glass wobble, and then shatter in the same wave path of the wobble. That is utterly amazing. God I love physics.
👌👌
I accidentally change my playback speed at 0.75x while Gav was speaking. I thought he was high.
Gav: Here we go!  YouTube: Download a free audio book with your 30 days trial…
This one was literally just to show off the new phantom
So if we play the recorded video in real time, the video will also give a footage of more than 24 hrs , like in this video....so if we keep the face of the person also framed, then we all realise that the person actually realises his thoughts after it has happened
2:42
So, did you buy the camera or is it on loan? I can't imagine it'd be cheap.
"This is the fastest we've ever filmed on this channel" what about the time you filmed the speed of light
Now use a diesel spark plug
I cant wait for corona to simmer down so you can fly Dan over and do more videos together <3
Nice haircut
You should post the full 2 day video like you did with the measuring cup break.
YES !
IM DROOLIN at the detail
I think the issue the first time was that it was laminated not tempered. The plastic in the middle holds it together fairly well
Please get smartereveryday in front of this with a prince rupert drop!
How much does a cheap phantom cost? Ik it’s in the $000000+ range but how much actually, just curious.
Now you have to revisit Rupert's drop
“This is the Phantom TMX 7510. at the time of this recording, it’s the first phantom…  * *Jeremy Clarkson voice* * ...In the world.“
Is that a 03-07 honda accord door or have i lost my mind
BTW glass and metal cutting boards/surfaces will ruin your knives. A sharp knife is a safe knife
Enough of this! We the people want more fruit thrown at Dan! Also... I'd like to see you dunk some bread in a glass of water and try to pull out the wet bread... now quit gagging, and have a good day.
Try flicking a smaller piece as hard as you can, wayyy more effective and cinematic edit- and when you do it at night sometimes you see it spark
1:04 1,750,000 frames per second? All I can say is, freaking technology is insane
Wait that’s my car
It's just cool to watch slow mo suff
Please take that lastic peel off of your screen.
How much did this baby cost?
wow
Someone with a Math or Physics  PhD please explain how the crack decides which direction to travel.
Truth is him and Dan had a falling out and they are negotiating pay. There is no travel restrictions still stopping him.
Wow!! Superb!!! Thank you for that video
I like how you just have a random car door, like it’s something everyone has. But who am I to say, *stares at the two car tires in my garage* it ain’t that bad
Don't know if this would help, but a slingshot could make a pinpoint hit for an impact shot.
1:10 he did the monkaw
No, thank you for making these videos
Front page here we go !
Can you guys do a collab with Demolition Ranch?? He deals with all sorts of guns and would be awesome to see his arsenal in slow-motion and the wacky videos he does as well.
"The fastest Phantom... ...IN THE WOoORLD!" - JC
Theoretically could you fit the long thin lens onto this camera? Seems like it would need an ungodly amount of light but is it possible?
Glad he says stay subscribed. Because if you aren't then what are you doing?
You say it's the fastest you've ever shot, but didn't y'all litterally shoot light moving before?, I feel like that's probably a touch faster than this lol
Phantom TOO MUCH X
Gav fresh af
Broken pieces of sparkplug ceramic are known as NINJA ROCKS, and having them in your pocket could get you arrested
How tf you guys find the actual part of the video?
Are you sponsored by Phantom, or is there another reason why you limit your reviews to their cameras?  I wonder why you don't try the Specialized Imaging cameras (up to 10Mfps) or Shimadzu (also 10Mfps). They are burst mode cameras, but if you can set up a proper trigger you should be able to get some really cool shots!
When will you change the channel's name from The Slow Mo GUYS to The Slow Mo GUY
2:30
Straight looks like a digital render. Absolutely insane
Ok since you just got this new toy, could you every single experiment again but slower??
*Video Suggestion*  Do you guys (or just you right now) take suggestions?  I'd like to see you get one of those old pedestal fans with the big metal blades, like they used to use in school or college gymnasiums, and toss different things through it.  Bananas, tomatoes, maybe plastic toys etc.  Thanks for reading this if you did and hope to see a reunion with Dan soon.  Cheers!
Can't wait to see what you have in store for us!!
How stupid do you need to be to buy a glass cutting board??
imagine someone throwing it in the plane
How about the lightning with this camera? 🤔👀
For some reason Youtube unsubscribed me even though I been subscribed for years
Sure glad Gav is back and that scruffy looking homeless guy got caught trying to take over the channel
Where's your partner
awesome
There was a volcano chemistry professor at Munich, had a pressure vessel with a glass window and he was watching mixtures of molten magma decompose into (roughly) ash plus steam in controlled eruptions in the lab.  He said it was really fast when it got going.   Could find him again if that’s of interest.
👁🍷👁🐓💨💀🦉
How much did the camera cost?
So does glass break faster than lighting can strike? I kinda want to know the actual speed at which a crack in glass moves.
Wonder how a plasma cutter looks or laser engraver.
You should definitely revisit lightning sometime. That would be incredible
that is a mental camera...
This really makes me wanna see them redo the Pyrex handle footage
Your commitment to lighting is transparent. Specifically through your ear.
I suppose this means another visit to @LinusTechTips for a bigger storage server?🤔🇨🇦🇬🇧
Where is the other guy?
Now watch is 0.25 speed
Love to see a Mantis Shrimp blast open a shell
Hopefully Dan got his jabs and will be able to join in all the fun soon.
I feel like the first people to invent faster than light travel will be phantom, and it’ll just be used to make their cameras and that’s it.
wheres Dan?
I miss Dan
Provide slow motion proof of life for Daniel Grunchy please. Or at the very least show the slow motion video stunt that ended him.
Go film some fast sports. Not for the athletes movement, but catch sequencing of muscles tensing up!
Kalah ama maling indo loe tong
fps! (for p sake!) Why I don’t see your new videos in my feed even if I’m subscribed, instead YouTube recommends me a bunch of bizarre videos, which I would never look for 🤦‍♂️
That. Is. Mental! Love it
Now you need to get with Destin from smarter every day and do a Rupert's drop :)
Did anyone else feel that the sound the glass made in slow mo was like the ps2? XD
It's always great gav so excited about this stuff lol
Nice cut, looks fresh. Also I like the metal puncher things breaking glass, or an axe. @thekingofrandom did some stuff with trying to break out of a car. But obviously your content is also brilliant. And so are you for doing this all by yourself (at least in person) and keeping the channel going. Kudos to you, and Dan off to the side
Prince Rupert's drop now please
I miss Dan
ONWARDS AND SLOWWARDS!!!!!!!!
so many of the shots in this video are wallpaper worthy
as he dropped the cutting glass on the floor , you can see the glass actually flex for a mere moment before shattering. Pretty cool.
This was so freakin cool
Light travels approximately 1 foot per nanosecond. youre saying a frame is 1 nanosecond?  hmm i think you might be able to capture light travel.  put the camera in a dark room with some big transparent object in the middle, turn on flashlight on one side , see light travel through the object 1 foot at a time. or you can do that at night with a pool?  anyone who wanna see this give like :)
Where’s Dan???
Me watching in .25 speed
i don't see any sparks, so i assume it is a crumble plug
After those first couple off throws, I was legit wondering if this was an actual thing. How could throwing a little piece of ceramic shatter a car window? Then you threw a bigger piece.
Amazing as always!
Waiting for 1 mill fps
Glass cutting boards aren't great for knives guys. They look cool but they'll dull knives quickly. Stick with wood or plastic
I would like to see the flashing of LEDs in slow mo. Get it right and it would look like they're turned off.
Probably a bit basic but it would be really cool to revisit some older videos with higher frame rates and to do some side by side analysis/tech talk. Maybe a second channel vid? 🤔
Only Gav would say something like "I've had this piece of car for several years"
Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more Placeholder for a long name with much stuff in it and yet more                                                                         tuff in it and yet more
I see you've abandoned the "wilderness hermit" look in favor of something more civilized. :)
This guy still can’t drive
I definitely can't wait for new subject matter to appear on the channel, but I hope you are reviewing all your old content for "hidden" gems.  Can't wait to see what physics secrets still hide behind a lack of measurement.
I wouldnt be against revisiting videos already done with this new machine. Also, how are you going to store all this data, good lord.
3:53 I nodded, bet you did too
Technology like this doesn't feel like it should exist
This video literally took my breath away multiple times. A true marvel of human ingenuity
Hey Gavin can you do a slo-mo video of dropping a slice of bread in a tub of water?
Absolutely, mental.
so with this new camera, do you have a plan to "remaster" your older glass cracking videos
I'm trying to conceptualize the idea of how long I've been subscribed to this channel in frames, at a million frames per second, but honestly speaking at some point, the size of the number just makes it lose all meaning.
Hope Dan is doing well, tell him we miss him
How much does this camera cost?
use some mirrors and safely film a grenade going off. might make a cool video
i love to see you do the lighting  one again with this camera  that was epic
i like to see a  revisit  to the record shatter  or some  of the many  shoots and explosions   you have done in the past   ... but most of all i can wait to see what you do with it
3:04 is when it hits the glass
I'm eating popcorn, and when you clicked the button on the camera I was worried you were gonna get popcorn butter on it, so be careful and make sure to wash your hands after I eat my popcorn I guess
glass cutting boards are stupid, they ruin the knife
Bullets colliding
So you just need a camera with a wider fov cause you're teaching the outer limits of pervicible speed
That is so cool to see
Gav: “...maybe get insane with the frame rate.” Me at 1am: “INSANE WITH THE FRAME!”
How much does this camera cost? did you have to sell Dan's organs to get it? is that why he isnt here?
So cool!
What if high speed cameras don't actually capture more frames, and just connect to your wi-fi to send your footage to someone at Phantom HQ who is really good at animating tween frames on the fly.
that was coool
Can you calculate the speed of the cracks in the glass? They are too fast!!
Gav sounds like he's in a bin.
You can reduse the frame size to increase the framerate. But wouldn't it be possible to have a hybrid option?  You get a limited frame size (like done in this video) but also get a full sensorsize image at a slower framerate like 30p or even lower.  This would be usefull if you want to see the full frame but only a part of it needs slowmo
What was the measured speed of the cracks moving outwards in mph?
Beautiful shoes
Be really cool to revisit a slow mo of light! figure it would be hard because the camera already needs so much to even see what it is it films. So if its possible to do that without drowning out the light it films would be sick.
Does you have to be a millionaire to own that there Phantom ?   cheers Gav .
Snowflake forming!
If you're in Texas, link up with demo ranch.  That would be an awesome video.
Never been so excited over broken glass before in my life!!
Could you do a video on why the height changes the FPS?
All I wanted to hear was...      SUPER HOT SUPER HOT
Casual AR just laying in an open box on the garage floor. Yup. Texas.
How about a car crashing into a wall at 1 million fps?? It would be like we are watching metal turn into a rubber band or something soft like that.🤯
I already miss Gavin's long hair
Slo Mo a propane tank explosion!
Is there a way to make a clear engine?
😧 that was insane!
Congrats on finally capturing glass breaking! It looks absolutely wicked!
Could you guys slo mo beyblades 😂😂
At 1 million fps, light travels 300m each second. So if you get a strong enough laser, wide enough area/field and the right atmospheric conditions, you could potentially be able to film a laser pulse moving?
Porcelain also breaks car windows very easily :)
Need a separate vid  on this camera
I'd Be interested to hear your thoughts on the Flash window scene from the snider cut after seeing this. Awesome video as always!
These are called Ninja Star is any kids are googling
I can safely say we're excited to see you use the new camera too.
what did you use to create the sound of breaking glass?
imagine explosions on that camera 😯
Forgive me. I've not watched a slo mo guys video in ages but it's amazing to be back! Where is Dan though? 🤔❤️
I would watch the near two days of that RAM clip. I totally would.
As soon as the video started, my wife said, "He cut his hair, thank goodness!" I'm dying  🤣
Bird shots coming out of barrel plz
no, i am excited.
I still say you should get a proper lightning/electrical strike.
Did you buy the camera or do you have to rent it each time?
Awesome, next should be catching Sonoluminescence👍
And the piece of ceramic comes back and hits the lens!!
You look smashing!
Bruv, hair looking top.
Yo, glass breaks almost the speed of light
Ахуенно
Oh cool
Prince rupert's drop with this camera!!!!!!!!!!!!
Guys, I think with this camera this should actually just be named to “The Slow Mo Guys 2.0” as we are on a whole new level now and I’m excited to see every video even more than I already do.
Hey, that's my car!
You should have calculated the actual speed of the crack moving through the panel. I can imagine it's terribly crazy.
I've always wanted to see a CNC lathe cutting steel and making chips at super slow speeds. I figure you'd be the guys who could make that happen.
Ok
You need to film the fastest physics event known to humanity. Go ask Destin..
Really nice vid!
I think it’d be cool to play the videos back to dan virtually so we can see his live reactions to them and still have a piece of dan in the videos
I have seen a 1.8 million fps. Just saying
14M+ subscribers and you can't afford to buy more automotive glass?
SO THIS IS WHERE MY CAR DOOR WENT
I appreciate the hyper slow motion but the incredibly narrow view somewhat ruins the enjoyment of the breakage. I preferred the 80k videos just because we get to see everything. The very narrow insaneo slow motion would be perfect for bullets leaving the barrel.
Now that's what I call some frame rate!! Cheers from north Austin.
I love watching cracking glass in slo mo ... Would love to see a side by side with lightning in slo mo in matching speeds.  Gav looking rather clean cut!  A side by side with Grizzly Adams Gav would be great 😄. Gotta say I'm missing ol' Dan tho.
what's the size of that 800,000PFS file?
i can't wait to see what that new monster can do . please make your videos as fast as you can
You should throw some jagged edges at alanis Morissettes jagged little pill
Yey Gav is back, haircut on 😜
Looking good bud!! I hope Dan can come back soon yalls energy together is like none other!!!!
You look good cleaned up! Got word of your "friend" retutning?
3:00 Still super fast at 0.25 play speed
"1.75 million frames per second"  *PC gamers* 👁👄👁
Nanoseconds seems to be very small and fast. Try and film them?
WHERE IS DAN, IS HE OK
Elaborate video to say shaft out loud
Where Dan?
Great video, great haircut (finally) and even better shoes. 👍👍👍
i'd love to see you revist all stuff with the new camera!
problalby noboby will see this, but my jaw as dropped the entire video
Dans first reappearance after travel restrictions should be made to look like has come out of a hole digging. With a slab of beers under one arm and the other fist raised in triumph finally digging his way to you
2:38 Is that Dan’s ghost speaking??
amazing
Coolbeens
That camera must cost soooooo much
all fun and games until it hits the lens
The RAM hard drive for that thing has to be an absolute unit.
Now imagine using the new phantom as your webcam 🤔
Crossman: Innovation and quality since 1923
I would please implore you to film lightning again
"1 or 2 frames of crack."
Am actually new on here immediately I saw Robert Smith posted @Hackerjone6 on telegram just 15 minutes ago. So I contact him  on telegram immediately I saw the post on here and I see that it's real and not really scammer, so I thanks God for today and thanks hackerjones for saving my life.
Spot welding... Do welding
How much does the TMX cost? Hearing the possible frame rates gave me goosebumps.
Just an idea but you should try to fire a bullet next to  breaking glass to show the speed in context
The possibilities are endless!
Im looking forward for the fastest camera in 10 years
So how fast do those cracks travel?
Thanks for the tip there mate on spark plugs smashing car windows quick. It saves me carrying illegal tools when I decide to go on the rob regarding cars... So looks like it can be thrown quick, window smashes and contents or even car taken. Thanks again, great tip.
Thanks for showcasing the amazing engineering of the Phantom camera while providing very entertaining videos.
Which is faster  Detonation cord or safety glass cracking
Congrats on the new camera Gav! Looking forward to seeing what you do with it ❤
What happened to the other guy?
The best Phantom representative awards goes to...
I don't understand why adjusting the horizontal resolution doesn't increase the framerate? Its still less pixels right? So why not? Didn't you do thay for the spinning CD that shattered? You did a 4:3 resolution
Can't forget that video where you filmed light with a camera at 10 trillion fps
Amazing video!  I don't understand why the broken spark plug broke the glass, but the sledgehammer had difficulty. 🤔
Not the same without Dan =( Guest star Michael or Trevor?
Speed of spread is about 1600 m/s or 3600 mph )) It's almost 5 times faster, than speed of sound.
it seems like glass breaks faster than the speed of light.  What is the speed of glass breaking?
1:28 Insane with the framerate! Insane, blow my brain!
At 1:41, You know this camera is talking business when the second timestamp is down to six decimal places.
you did film "Glass Explosion at 343,000FPS!" though... resolution wasn't quite there yet though
Awesome, my mind has crashed just trying to think of what to suggest what to film...
Longest second on YouTube part 2
Wow another great episode of A Slow Mo Guy
For crying out loud.   As soon as possible can we have an hour long video. The slow Mo guys and Destin from smarter everyday?
800k, jeez thats a lot
Congrats on the new camera!! What spectacular footage!  I really hope Dan can come join you again soon, we miss him so much! <3
That was sickkkk
I enjoyed this Masterpiece of video at 1440P Was Perfectt 👌🤘
Dude shoot a bullet at a solid glass sphere with that thing!!
Ooooh can we revisit snapping the rebar?
I want a maximum framerate shot.  Recording at 1.75 million frames per second means that light (at about 300 million m/s) travels 170 meters per frame. In a fiber optic cable, light "only" travels at 200 million m/s, meaning 117 meters per frame.  In short, using this camera you could genuinely see light traveling, albeit in limited cases. A 3 km fiber optic cable would result in a 1 (recorded) second delay between the ends.
I would love to see some macro setups with this camera!
Need to be able to get Dan back with his DET cord and shape charges
Suk Korona
8:52 Dustin!
now do a prince Rupert's drop. lol. awesome vid
where is dan
Its still fast at .5x
Awesome. Can u use this to film another pyrex jug handle breaking?  Cause that's was insanely fast.
Maybe don't breathe that glass dust, Gav.
The sheer amount of data available on this channel  for research is amazing. I'm sure there are researchers on the bleeding edge of this tech, but replication and variation data is exceedingly important for broader understanding.
"I don't want to spend more money on glass" Says that while quietly stroking his £150,000 camera
So Gav, when is that rifle we can see at 7:47 gonna get used in a Slow Mo video?
Now be prepared to find tiny pieces of glass for the rest of your life
It took me a sec, but OMG your hair. FREEEESSSSSH
Film the speed of light. Film a laser firing out of its housing.
Is the camera yours or is it borrowed? I didn't catch it if you mentionned it
So far embarassment continous😂
Gavin, you’re probably filming phenomena in that glass that material engineers have only theorized about.
Amazing footage!  Thanks for sharing!
Where are your long hair gone?!😭
this „so far the embarrassment continues” literally made my day 😂❤️
"in hindsight i shouldve laid down a tarp" **proceeds to not lay down a tarp and breaks more glass**
More more MORE!!!!
And then Gavin cleaned up broken glass for the rest of his life in that house...
SmarterEveryDay and SlowMoGuy!
So, you need to do the opposite of what you do on the channel normally. Film Dan digging, remove frames  to speed him up and Hey Presto! Dan appears in Texas in no time
Talk about oddly satisfying.
Where’s dan
Once Dan can finally get to Texas, this would be the perfect camera to shoot a "remastered" series of some of the classics and popular videos that would benefit from a higher framerate.  I'm particularly fond of the underwater bangers with those spherical explosion bubbles.
Gavin here looking like Mr. Fantastic with those silver sides.
7:56  POV: When your game lags
Him: waiting for a new slow motion camera to be invented  Me: waiting for taco Tuesday
Where is the other guy?  It’s a bit less fun without him somehow.
Can we get slow mo of Dan's face when he first emerges from his tunnel?
the way that the last cutting board stays stood up for so long before starting to crack is so eerie and i can’t explain why
The piece of ceramic can be small like if you cut a skittle in half along the seam. The weight doesn't seem to matter, just the sharp points.
amazing video. have you ever thought about building something to film the point of impact? something like a swing that will hit the glas on the same spot everytime :D
Is crack propagation traveling with speed of sound in glass?
Crack is an evil perverse drug.
This absolutely blew my mind. It also hurt trying to comprehend those numbers!! Truly incredible!!!
Slow mo rocket engine when?
If you brake up the plug a little more say 4 mm pieces you don't have to throw it so hard a few pieces at one time like your feeding chooks it works easier
قيمتها تترواح في حدود نص مليون فأعلى ، اما عن الإستئجار  اليومي للكاميرا فيبلغ في حدود 8000 ،   بالريال السعودي طبعا ، 🤚🏻😅،
THE FASTEST WOT HAS EVER BEEN MADE!!!
So, when I saw the 82kfps shot I began measuring... Presuming the spark plug chunk in that first crack was about an inch (25.4mm) long, each frame sees about half an inch (12.7mm) growth. This means the following: 42,000 inches per second. 3500 feet (1066.8 meters) per second. 2386 miles (3840 Km) per hour. All numbers are estimates based on length comparisons. Expect up to a 25% +/- inaccuracy. EDIT: On checking, that spark plug chunk may have been a bit longer which scales all these numbers up nearer the +25% inaccuracy.
Can you do a slow mo of different insects walking
They did my idea
What is microsecond
I put the playback at 0.5x so in theory I watched it at 8 billion fps :)
I want one
Time for some Prince Rupert's Drop videos, methinks.
That was maddening
"Maybe I should have used a tarp" *proceeds to break more glass without a tarp*
I think the Slo-Mo guys are going to be the ones who finally crack quantum mechanics.  Probably next year at this rate.
6:57 this would make an awesome video intro if the light was better
I've lost 3 side windows to a weedwhacker on a gravel driveway.  You're trying too hard.
2:30 Normal speed 2:43 Slow-Mo 5:49 Normal Speed 5:55 Slow-Mo 6:37 Normal Speed 6:57 Slow-Mo 7:48 Normal Speed 7:53 Slow-Mo
"Thanks for watching!" Love the Easter egg
That is just awesome!
Why doesn't Dan ever say hello???????????????????????????????????????????
Last one was my fav
Anyone calculated the speed of breaking glass yet?
Would this camera be fast enough to record a light pulse travelling, if you could turn a light on and off quick enough? in a single frame, light would travel 171.3m, so if you were filming something really distant and had a light with an insane brightness, you could possibly see it travel, at least over 2 frames
Where the other guy?
7:46 He just has a gun casually lying around
Where's Dan been
I wonder what that camera cost
I suppose the crack wave should be propagating at around 4.5 km/s, the speed of sound in glass. That's around Mach 13 for reference. Would be interesting to have measured how fast it was from the footage.
is that an airsoft gun at 7:47?
ohhhhhhhh thats where my door went
That looks amazing, the computational power in that camera is mind boggling, it needs to refresh the image sensor at 500Khz, which means it'd have to be running a CPU that was at least twice or 3 times that speed, and RAM also on par with the CPU, every time it refreshes the sensor it needs to read, process, and send the individual pixel data to the RAM, where it's stored for playback and then saving.  That's SERIOUSLY fast.  Will probably take another 10 or 20 years to top this camera, but I'm keen
at 7:58 you actually see the glass resonating on impact before shattering
Would you perhaps revisit the pyrex video with this new camera?
Clean shaved Gav!!!
me smooth brain slowing video to .25
So cool to see Gav get excited about technology and how far these cameras have come
Everything in this video is amazing
What happened to the other guy?
Slingshot
Wow!! that is an insanely fast camera
A MINIGUN! 😎
Those converse though! Me want!
How much does that camera cost?
Can't wait to see what comes next Out of curiosity how fast was the crack traveling?
Can you show how you process the footage coming from the camera? Like is it send over fibre into a high speed ssd (maybe even nvme) storage server or something like this?
I’d like to see you film an airplane landing gear touching the runway. I’d love to see why the wheels generate tire smoke at very slow speeds.
I can tell it’s a VW door
wake up babe, new slo mo guys video
Alright, so we surely gotta redo some old videos with this. Detonation cord, huge balloon full of water and lightning strike are my top picks at 75,000 frames per second!
WOW...Awesome....Just unreal to look at....Your hair cut looks 100% better my young friend....!
At this point I wonder if lighting the shot with a laser would help. Some sort of lens to throw a very bright rectangle right where you need it
Amazing
Might it be worth sacrificing a camera to get a shot of a rocket launch?  Or maybe the shot would be so wide that it'd be pulled back far enough at a safe distance? Either way, I think a rocket launch would be absolutely insane to watch at such a high framerate!
Gav casually dropping a Crossman AR-style BB gun into the frame... I am intrigued, sir. Very intrigued.
Can we get a "Dan Reacts" segment
Does it even need to be said... Prince Rupert Drop.
As a Glazier I love these slow mo masters and a specialy these glass breaking videos. I also made a video about how easy it is to break tempered glass with sparkplugs a couple years back 😁   I speak in Swedish and dont got a Phantom camera.....sorry. https://youtu.be/rYC5fpsI5nA
Now that’s a lot of damage!
Awesome content, but i think i can speak for All of Us when saying i miss dan :*(
Where’s Dan?!?
Is the glass breaking sound an affect or is it the sound of that actual glass breaking, love you stuff keep it up buddy 😁
Definitely not what i was expecting with "spark plug vs windoe"  Though, knowing Slomo guys, i probs should have 😂
https://youtu.be/kAFYkwnk6dM
Miss dan hope he is ok
Would still love to see an egg hitting a very hot pan.
You may want to check the audio baseline/whatever for your microphone for the first half. Getting a flat tone whenever you talk, specifically when in shot next to the camera and voice over for the slomo segments.
You know the tracking mirror technique of tracking high speed targets with a slomo camera? Would love to see a bullet from small to big guns travel and hit a target with the mirror tracking the shot.
I can't wait to see Dan get hurt at 1.7 million frames per second!
This begs the question. What is the maximum framerate that we could theoretically record? Obviously our eyes have limitations, but at what framerate would we be taking multiple pictures of the same ‘frame’ in an experiment like this one?  Outside of glass, there probably is no limit when you get down to capturing the speed of light... but wow... well done.
What happened to Dan      Been absent for awhile 😢
The fastest FPS ever on the channel and Dan’s not there to experience it
You’ll have to give Dan a slow-mo hug once he digs his way there.
It was so great! Please do slomo on explosion under different fluids like oil, honey etc
"stay Subscribed"  *notices I wasn't subscribed* *shamefully subscribes knowing I've seen just about every one of their videos and didn't have the decency to subscribe*
Technology is amazing.
Sound design was spot-on
Still not as quick as the no I get from women.
I would love to see you and Dan capture lightning in slowmo again with the new phantom
dude the one at 5;57 could be an intro to a movie produvtion company
You should film cavitation with sonoluminescence with this camera
No pants, no safety goggles, yep its a Slow Mo Guys video.
Truly amazing footage. Absolutely love this channel.  Hope to see Dan again soon!
Amazing video as always, but my favourite one of yours to this day is the one where you shatter a record. That is just marvellous!  Also, when is dan coming back?
I recomend filming a Hagfish excreiting its slime and watching it react with the water
You Finally achieved your dream to film a glass crack♥️😍 that's just amazing to see how the glass cracks like a time warp of a branch growing
FINALLY!!! 🙌🏼  Gav has cut his hair.
When the camera casually samples at a higher rate than audio recording devices.
I read the title as 800,000 Feet Per Second. Are they doing this in outer space? Lol!
Smarter Every Day and the Slow Mo Guys in one video will be epic! I can't wait to see what they come up with
@7:42 GUN!
So hear me out in theory with like 15 (or more) cameras of these, you could record each part of the glass breaking at the highest possible frame and then edit them all together, no?
Sir, you have a fanatical obsession with watching glass break, and I love it! Can you try testing to see what type of glass breaks fastest, or if there's something that shatters even faster than glass?
The sound design just gets better every... single... time. This video was, hands down, one of the most fascinating Slow Mo Guys videos I have ever seen... in my life. Outstanding job, Gav.
I wonder if you may need to use a laser light to light your objects better.
You should talk to demolition ranch about using bullets he has many different firearms with many different calibers
to cool
Ok, im calling for redoing all of their classic videos. Definitely the ones where Dan is the test subject. Im rooting for Dan getting slapped.
I just want to see something at the max frame count. I can only imagine what you'd have to do that would require something around 1.75 million frames per second.
Hoooooooohooooooooo
Talk to demo ranch for bullets
The Slo MO Guy
Have you slo mo'ed the turning on of a fillament light bulb yet?
Please revisit pyrex with this camera
people watching the crack on 0.25x speed
Paging Dan - you have any of that det cord left?
I miss Dan.
Actually has nothing to do with the jagged edges and more to do with the density of ceramic
This was amazing to watch
I'm intrigued by what the giant compression driver sat on the toolbox is for...?
A prince Rupert Drop, might be nice
It's absolutely mad to think we are watching something that no other human being has ever been able to see before.
Bring Dan back!
Another thing that works is a hammer sold to break Windows
Where’s Dan...????
The amount of science in this video 😇
Hey can you donate one of your old phantoms to demolition ranch? Or go over and do a collab with him. I feel slow mo would really improve his content
"New Phantom" Gavin's Hard drives: 0_0
Me sitting on the toilet figuring what happens if I play it on YouTube slow motion
It would be interesting to see how something like a silicon wafer breaks because the break-line is perfectly straight due to the crystal structure.
I was waiting for him to pick the right up and shoot a piece of glass in his garage 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Anyone know how much this camera costs? Don’t want to buy it just curious, can’t find anything online
That was so rad!
want to see xenon photo flash in slow mo
How about Redbull, paper towel, on a car window in slow-mo...?
The crack speed is over 1894 mph / 3048 kph, assuming the second shot shows at least half a 14" cutting board from the hole going left, so 7" in 210 microseconds.
Try capturing the spark of a spark plug travel?
To truly experience slow motion you need to put the video to 0.25
Hey Gavin, ever thought about using a slingshot to launch those spark plug pieces?
Can you do drag tyres they can crumple almost the entire way around to increase traction
Does anyone know how much this thing cost?
Slow mo fire extinguisher, for Raymond
Any time stamp comments with many thank yous?
3:18 I mean thats what happens when you implement global illumination.
That first full shot of the spark plug looks like it’s just floating through space until it hits nothing and breaks it.
You did a great video on lightning - would love to see what this camera could do!
How much is that camera? I'm interested
I'm just curious how much one of those cameras costs
That was awesome, thank you for the experience =)
Fantastic video Gav - thanks!
*TOO FAST TO SEE*
What does a turtle walking look like in 800kFPS?
and if it's still too fast, play it at .25 speed.
44 hour video YEA
i think my HDD Random Read operation is slower
You sure cut corners on this video. A huge chunk of spark plug vs the proper small piece and I regular price of glass instead of the proper automotive glass.
Shocked we didn't get a shot of the ceramic shattering!
I spotted what looked like an AR on the floor! Neat!
Surprised there wasn't any headlight fluid in this episode
REALLY, REALLY, REALLY, REALLY COOL...
Could you give an existamate of speed the cracks are travelling in km/h?
The sound of the glass hitting the floor sounds really cool 7:58
We miss Dan.
i cant imagine how it will be gaming on that FPS
I miss dan cant wait for him to show up on this channel again.
Camry car door?
Well, Gavin, here we are. BYU has a holography program where they're suspending tiny particles with lasers and moving them around fast enough to make 3D images without a display. Time to get right in there and slow em down.  Or there's the good ol' standby of teaming up with Demolition Ranch down there in Texas and firing off some 50 BMG incendiaries.
where dan?
but, how fast does the crack travel? We know it's fast... but how fast?!
What's up with that Rifle!?!  lmao
This is crazy
Awesome! Now please film a Ruperts Drop breaking at that speed!
Where is your friend
My car once got robbed using this technique...
gav: "Who made this car" -  Not Tesla
Awesome
ohh, lovely millions millions fps))
Now record ballpoint pen clip release in slowmo. I bet it breaks the sound barrier for a picosecond.
Are your ears OK? There is a really high pitched tone in a lot of this video that's pretty distracting.
Can you film a lighting bolt at its point of impact, I don't know how maybe figure it out. Top of a building in a storm maybe?
Innnnsane!
But how much this new thing costs?
The car door is off of a Toyota Camry
We need to see a pressure washer in slow mo, maybe cleaing glass with the phantom behind the glass, would be awesome!!
Who else watches slow mo guys at ×.25 speed
the direction of the cracks are as random as the stock market......of sorts
Where’s Dan?
Why not go faster with the Specialised Imaging - Kirana.. Video @ 7million fps    https://www.specialised-imaging.com/products/video-cameras/kirana
This video reminds me of 5 Minutes Alone videoclip by Pantera! Anyway good job as always! Ciao Gavin!
regrets not putting down a tarp after the first glad breaks proceeds to not put one down at all for the video
crosman airgun in one shot and Daisy in another. hint for the next video?
O k .
Fascinating indeed. Also at the end, I keep looking at that mark on the wall from Slow Moe in the airbag explosion video.
It's nice to see the quarantine mop gone lmao
Can you shoot light traveling in some substance?
Can someone calculate how fast that crack was actually moving? I got between 1000 and 1500 m/s, but my physics skills are pretty rusty.... thx
I miss you guys!! Keep making great stuff!
So if we made a camera with frame rate of 3 million fps whould we see the light travelling?
We miss Dan!!!!! Bring Dan back!!!!!!!!!!
how much does that thing cost lol??
That car door is probably the closest fav will probably get to owning a full one
The spark plug lights up with the refraction of the cracks because the new phantom is equiped with a RTX 3090
But what is the speed of the crack through the glass?
Imagine 8k on an old computer
Gav looking sleek. Went from baby faced, to caveman, to model.
Bro I literally messaged you to use this camera and you finally did and I lost my mind when I saw the upload. Amazing camera and shots!
What ever happened to Dan?
"Hey, Gav. Why'd you make this video?" "For the craic."
id like to see how a bullet spins and impacts with different objects, the coolest part of the tank cannon video was watching the shell spin and carry the shockwave thru the air. i noticed that AR in the background wink wink
with this new camera ... you will have to record the lightning strikes again ;)   I need it!!
How much data would that require to capture the video? I can imagine 10s being a few terrabytes or something insane
I like the way the dropped glass just lands then thinks about it for a millisecond before shattering.
Thanks Gav. Great production, sir.
I wonder if you could use a straw / small tube of some sort as a makeshift blow-gun to accurately hit the glass in a certain spot?
THIS WAS AMAZING!!!!!
Now you can record the speed of light lol
Wen want Dan back but awesome video <3
Clean haircut Gav!
Can't wait to see what you and Destin can do with that crazy Phantom cam, and  to see Danielboy in the videos again!
thets what they use for smash and grab out of your car when you stop at a traffic light in south africa
This one sparks joy.
"This thing [camera] is bonkers" - British Slo Mo Guy Gavin  "The 1st amendment... is bonkers" - British Prince Harry.
Rip youtube 50 frames per second
I like the “ thanks for watching” written on the cutting board! Always enjoy the vids!
What's the point of this camera though? The framerate is really impressive but 1280x800 is basically unusable for today's film standards isn't it? And it's probably very expensive, so what is this camera made for, except for awesome YouTube videos of course 😅
truly appreciate gavin doing a video breaking glass while wearing shorts lmao
I’m excited to see what you guys and others manage to capture with this camera!
Back to the roots of classic slow mo.
Aqui está o comentário BR q vc procura.  If you don't understand, it's a meme (joke) to brasilians I'm brasilian
Where is the other guy
Wow
I miss Dan
1:00 Why are *none of those inputs* covered? How much was this? Tremendously annoyed here.
I'm really curious how much this camera costs
Up de raw vídeo in second channel
👍❤👍
Did anyone calculate how fast the cracks propagate across the glass? I’m American so in MPH for me please?
Thank you so much for calling out Destin! I can't wait to see how you all of you guys use this new camera! Keep it real, and unbelievably slow all the more guys!
its mainly not the sharpness of the ceramic (aluminum oxide AL2O3) but the hardness of 9-9.5
"This is now the fastest we've ever shot on this channel" the speed of light camera: "am I a joke to you?"
This is the Phantom BFG 9000.
NEW PRINCE RUPURT DROP TIME!
People really have underestimated the speed at which glass shatters
where's dan ?
Gavin's garage, truly, must have absolutely everything in it - buy everything is broken.
Is this geoffs car?
Who's "Gav"?  Where's Dan??
Show us a 308. Cal bullet on type 1/2/3 armor. Or whatever tf they are calling it now?
Can someone explian to me how this thing can break a window so easily? what's so special about it to do that?
I’m over here like quick quick click on the next video. Then that when I realized this video only been posted 2 hours ago. Rip
How much longer until they make a Phantom that can observe the speed of light itself?
I just put it at 0.50 speed      1,600,000 fps!!
Life is when you earn money capturing another supeer expensive camera by a super expensive camera, while doing random things which dad grounded you for in your childhood😀😀
video starts at 2:30
This was filmed on my birthday!!!!!!!!!!
Gavin: this Phantom can shoot at 1.75 million FPS Me (obviously surprised): How in the f—k
How menny GB was the phantom footage for this video?
Amazing camera
Can I keep the previous Phantom? Asking for a friend!!
Thank you for looking ahead so far. Great thinking.
What happened to Dan?
i thought filming the speed of light was tops
Now all you need to do is hit Dan in the face with a football again
Please shoot combustion/destination with this camera. Amazing!!!
put in in a blow dart, air gun or slingshot to get accurate.
Soooo, it's as sharp as obsidian when that's broken?
So you could stack several of these phantoms vertically, filming at 0.5million fps, and create full resolution footage at that rate.
So need to see 800k FPS of a .50cal fired from Matts gold .50 cal into a obsidian glass sphere!
and to think ive been here since the 6 ft water balloon  10 freaking years
Would love to get my hands on one of those for lighting research, although our lab just bought a v2511 a year or two ago. 70kFPS is sort of the sweet spot for us right now but it would be really nice to be able to do that without cropping down the frame and inevitably missing stuff around the edges.
Hi WOW that alien tech you have there? lol
Where is Dan ??????
Yay! Way to go... Slowerrrr
Sounds like a ps4
I'm pleased.
...how much does that thing cost?
Um, where's Dan? #DanWatch
i'm out of the loop, where's Dan ?
I so wanted to hear Gav shout "Moon ball!" as he throws the ceramic
Holy sh... do the cracks travel faster than sound??
I want 10 hours of this glass breaking. Should be better than paint drying
This is so incredible dude, best channel on YouTube
Demo Ranch collab to slow down bullets?! 👀
make sure you change the playback to .25% for the full effect
Where's Dan?  -- as a shirt.
Can you do a vid about gear ratios and what if we turn them from the opposite side.... will it create a black hole???!
New Phantom,  Oooooooooo!   =)
Im getting giddy on those FPS
Gavin Really Loves Crack...
Plot twist he stole the door
Entropy
The walking dead game taught me about that but I didn’t know it was real 😂
Has anyone calculated the velocity of the propagation of the cracks in the glass? FOR SCIENCE?
You know, when you think about it, tempered glass breaks at the speed of sound in glass. So really, you're recording at or faster the speed of sound through a solid. Mental.
Welding slomo?!?
Was gonna comment "destin and his prince rupert drops want to know your location" but i see you already thinking that way 🤣
That shot of the pane dropping onto the floor was awesome!
Cough* cough* (starts engineering feverishly)
Amazing! I would try it again with the world's brightest flashlight
Half a million frames per second is the fastest you have filmed? Thought it was 10 trillion?
Finally haircut
Thank you for putting the time with the video of the glass breaking... Watching it and watching the time pass by gave me a sudden jolt of reality, just seeing the speed of that... Something you can't comprehend but we're watching it! Amazing. What is this universe we're living in 😂
I wonder how much that camera costs
very cool
3:04 set youtube speed to 0.25.  Enjoy.
Are we going to see a new 2nd channel video of the longest 2 seconds on YouTube?
hard to appreciate how cutting edge this really is 😂
where is dan !
3:06  I only hear the slo-mo of death sound in Bethesda games (Skyrim & Fallout).
By speed dont you mean slow
Hello, I’d like 200 of your finest glass chopping boards please. I wish to break them all, very slowly.
Awesome cant wait to see more of this
Absolutly insane. I never thought I'd be able to see glass Crack like this. Amazing. Great job gav and great job phantom making such an amazing product.
In fortnite that 800000fbs would be huge
How the heck did you pay for it??!! Or is sponsored? Or what? When how what???
Wow, that was amazing and never gets old. BTW love the lens 👍
800 000 FPS?? How many F's does the PS need?
I’ve been looking for my door for a week
“i should’ve  put down a tarp, i’m gonna smash 5 more pieces of glass and forget the tarp”
How fast does the crack travel if we compare it with kilometers? How fast does it take for the crack to travel 10 kilometers, if it traveled in a straight line?
cough cough .... Smarter Every day
That camera is insane! And the sound of glass breaking in slow mo is so cool
Where’d you get the car door gav?
How would it look if the glass was bigger  like the size of a football field
7:43 Were you planning on shooting some cutting boards with that air gun on the new camera or something? Or was there just an open air gun box sitting on the floor for show?  Edit: Now that I'm thinking of it having a camera that fast would probably be a good way to show the difference in speed between an air gun pellet, a handgun cartridge like .45, and a rifle cartridge like 5.56.
Casual assault rifle in the background @7:43 ... lol
So 800,000? We referring to the percentage of how much better Gav looks with shorter hair? Yeah don’t grow it long again Gav, same goes for the beard
Very powerful, very beautiful
More of slomo guy, i guess
Prince Rupert's drop breaking next? Dare I say a collab with Destin?
Gavin had judgey eyes at 1:10
How much did it cost lol
Dan's dead ?
Wonder what could be learned when a bullet is shot through tempered glass? ...or recreate that iconic shot of a bullet passing through a playing card edge on.
great, here we go again with kids flicking stones again.
Your channel is what got me interested in physics as a 9 year old and now I'm at university studying physics. Thank you <3
*h E C K*
What's the difference between a Phantom 7510 and a spark plug? They're both cutting-edge technology.
Just like the simulations!
Every other person: "Don't break the glass!" Gav: "tOdAy We ArE bReAkInG gLaSs." :)
Amazing!
Seeing the wave from impact is mesmerizing.
Camera: unable to see glass cracking   Me: slows down YouTube video to 0.25 speed sees it perfectly
I'm waiting for a camera with 8K HDR in 1mill frames 😂
It's so irritating that he didn't peel the plastic off the screen
English text not working this time. Cool video, anyway! 🙂👍
That is.. just absurdly incredible! 🙆
Nice haircut 👍
Lightning with this would be interesting, as before the upwards motion after it connects to ground was really fast even in slow mo
As a welder Id like to see a stick rod striking an arc and start welding in slow mo if you have the means to film that. Thinking if not much interesting happens the spatter flying everywhere would prob still look cool like when you wiped around steel wool on fire.
Don't mean to brag but my camera goes up to 50 frames a second 😎
It's mind boggling how fast the glass is when you consider that insane frame rate. That is one beast of a camera!  Should I even ask the price?  lol.  It's probably worth more than my house.
This video file was in excess of 20tb I bet
The one thing I'd love to see in extreme slow motion: A bullet penetrating steel. And the follow up: A bullet failing to go through steel.
The slow-motion footage you captured of tempered glass shattering is incredible -- almost as incredible as the camera that captured it!
Destin is gonna be crazy jealous haha
Shows what an amazing invention this is, from a potential deadly piece of glass to absolutely harmless particles in 0.0002 of a second
I've been told in school that it's the similar molecular vibrations between the ceramic and the glass that causes the shattering and that you need two hits in short order (aka two pieces or two edges striking) to cause the break...
Please, shoot a bullet at a small angle to show how the shatter front just takes off compared to the still-fast bullet. A very fast round could emphasize the velocity difference, as the glass would still win by far.
he is never walking barefoot in that garage again😂
Film Dan's glorious return with that new camera.
Please do fireworks with this bad boy
The 2.2 seconds of footage would 1 day and 20 hours to watch is absolutely INSANE and blow my mind!!!
I wanna see lightning at 500k frames per second now
Would really like to know how much storage is needed/ used to take those half a million shots
@The Slow Mo Guys at what speed did the cracks travel?
Do shotgun shell n slow mo
Can't wait to see a bullet at nearly 2 million frames per second
How big of a file size is a clip like this?
Bullet in slow mo
4:33 “this is the fastest we ever shot on this channel”  The light speed video from 2 years ago: “ does he not see us? 🤨”
Time is a weird concept
Not gonna lie I use to love going to the junkyard as a kid with my dad just Bc he use to let me break a few car windows with spark plugs 😂
Who else couldn't concentrate because of that protective sticker over the display? :D
how much does this camera cost. I've searched the price but couldn't find.
I would really like to hear more about your gear and camera. I can tell you are a gearhead and a nerd and I would love to watch videos of you talking about your equipment, taking it apart, cleaning it, and just giving us a tour of the gear. Like a master oil painter showing us his brushes!
So how fast is the glass cracking?
I need to see a section of measured earth as a shockwave impacts it. Please
Fascinating!
Time to upload that 44 hour playback
One day we need to have gav say "Guys, it's finally happened. travel restrictions have lifted somewhat and Dan is here!" And meg walks in in a Dan cosplay and they spend the entire thing pretending that she is Dan.
Imagine watching paint dry at 800,000 fps
How the eff is this even technologically possible?
Bro im so glad u cut your hair
4:43 Anyone else wanting to peel that that?
should've used a slingshot to aim the ceramic pieces
Glass cracks at up to 3,000 miles per hour, or almost 4x the speed of sound. Amazing
The crocs are where it's at 👌👌👌👌
Wow tmx
I'm too lazy to look it up and I'm sure I'll forget after I exit the video so how much is that camera someone who knows please Thanks
Did Linus already send you a few new storage-servers?
Sir this is a Wendy’s
Gavin crosses his fingers it doesnt bounce off and hit the camera lens :)
Gav: Goes into garage with a cam. Meg: how much is it going to cost? Gav: a quarter of a million. Meg: What the fuuuuuu. Gav: that's just the cam. Meg:🤦
Gav got a haircut!!
Definitely can't wait for 500k fps of weed eater wars with destin
S C I E N C E
me watching in 0.25x - "dont ever use the word smart with me"
You might film things in slow motion but the real wizard here is me. With the 0.25 playback speed option, I effectively view the footage 4 times slower than your meager slow-motion production. I'll allow you to seek me out for some advice Gavin
Yes!!!!!! He's handsome AGAIN❣️😚
Film a splitting bullet at 500k fps and show it to Dan to see his reaction.
You need to team up with the hacksmith so you can get the worlds brightest light and all of his other cool creations
Put rockets inside a Watermelon, after eating it of course
Thats fast
He shoud use the brightest flashlight from hachsmith industries
Other guys mess around with slow mo. You guys are the real deal
How much does a camera like that cost?
And we are completely disregarding the rifle gavin has in the background
I forgot this channel existed. Still great content:)
7:57 Couldn't help but rewatch this in 0.25 speed, wasn't disappointed.
How much this camera cost?
Would like to see a shot where you can count the spin rate of a bullet!
how much does that camera cost?!
Thanks, I can now die happy after seeing the ripple on the glass almost like in The Matrix but in real life.
Looking forward to more footage from this camera! Totally amazing
Toast toast in SLO mo
waiting fir the phantom beeing made !!?? is this from 5 years ago xD or they make them on commands
That's cool, how about seeing if you could see a rifle bullets twist as it leaves the barrel?
Gav, were you able to calculate the speed that the cracks actually propagated based on the footage? I assume it was close to the speed of sound in glass, but given that the cracks don't travel in straight lines, perhaps not quite that high.
You can see the cracked run across
Gav could you revist handgranades?
https://youtu.be/OkZ9Eq0DQqQ Since Gav didn't put one in the desc, here's the link to the sledge hammer fail. 12:52 is the moments before.
Amazing
missed you guys!
3:02
Who else thought of Cypress Hill when he said: "Insane with the frame rate"?
it's like a domino effect when glass breaks
I find myself more amazed by the camera's used than the actual video... very interesting either way. :P
You have no idea how awesome it is that the front line of slomo is YOU GUYS!
How much does that camera cost?  I googled but didn't find it.
Gavin. Are you going to download the entire file onto YouTube? I think you still have the record for the longest video, this will just make sure you keep it.
Anyone else got a faffing add at exactly 5:50 when the second glass breaks. Youtube is a troll
Where is the other guy?
Ok but we can just put in 0.25 speed
Mate car door glass is like £20 on ebay
Gav got a trim 😊
well that worked LOL
now is the time to blow a manhole cover into space again using an atomic bomb. i am sure the US army will gladly help you out :)
#ReleaseTheRAMCut
What ever happened to dan
Maybe it's time to revisit busting a Prince Rupert's Drop. If you laid it on it's side the drop would be perfectly in frame.
Sling shot and a spark plug easy way to deal with crappy drivers.   Launch one at window next one at drivers head   Play stupid games. Get stupid prizes
I am watching this at 2 am 🥵😂
This _shatters_ the previous record for capture rate seen in a Slow Mo Guys video.
4:28 “It’s the fastest we’ve ever shot”   Me who proceeds to put it on 0.25x
I thought this video was going to be a speed comparison between how fast glass cracks to how fast a spark plug fails. What we got was cool. But I wonder if Gavin would be interested in doing that video. Or maybe that's more SmarterEveryday material.
So how fast the break travels, m/s?
I'm sorry Gav, now you have 50 years of bad luck.
Try breaking the enamel off of spark plug .take a small piece of the enamel and flick it at a car window.
Imagine your life goes by in 800.000 fps.
This really is crazy frame rate, the amount of storage needed must be enormous. I like how you can even see the price on phantom website so I guess around 150k$, you can actually get 1.75M FPS in 1280*32 😲
Alright, that was awesome!
I completely forgot what happened to Dan?
Quite sad Destin hasn't commented yet....
you should get that flashlight that goes up to 100,000 lumens for your very short exposure problems
do the spinning cds with this one !
This ia amazing 🤩
second time I heard bonkers this week. now thats bonkers.
7:42 Gav? Do you have something to tell us? A gun in the background?😂😂
Where's dan? (this is my first vid in like 2 years from this Chanel)
Please please PLEASE shoot some explosions, underwater or otherwise, with this phantom PLEASE.
next video: hot wiring a car ignition at 500,000 fps!
7:57 *The last thing you hear before you die*
1.75 million frames per second, new logest 5 seconds video time?
When I see new Slow Mo Guys Video Me: Time to switch 2160p60fps Mode
5 years from now. Flash light vs high speed camera. We will catch the speed of light someday
Is that an assault rifle at 7:43? Gav... You good buddy?
The camera unit id around £150k
Where is your another partner..?
Alsa la mano si no quieres ver ya el vídeo de la bala rompiendo la barrera del sonido a 800 mil cuadros por segundo  Brutal!!!!!! 😳😳😳😳😳
Brilliant.
Finally a video my double ultrawide monitor is more useful for
Am I the only physics nerd who desperately wants to calculate the velocity of the glass breaking
Gavin has hired Markiplier's editor, methinks...
Gav is a crack addict
impressive pictures. Gratulations to the new camera!
I miss Dan😣😣😣
I started asking for  this video about a 18 months after you two started  the channel. Tempered glass is always  fascinating stuff to watch breaking.  Thanks!
I can only think about how hot it must be in his garage with all that equipment running.
7:56 now that was a cool editing effect
The cutting board was like a sheet of ice falling...incredible..
I wonder how much it costs 😂
Bloomin' INSANE camera!!
I feel like a GOD putting the youtube playback speed at 0.25x
It might be cool to try and catch lightning with this camera
Something I've always wondered is how much storage does 10 seconds of video use on that camera?
3:03 the fracture
We're long overdue for large balloons filled with water/people, if I recall correctly.
At the maximum speed, you could watch light travel across a large field.
Where is the other guy?
If you wanna film a good crack just wait for Dan to come round and get him to bend over 😂
Do slowmo of sparkplug when sparkles ✨
Michael Bay would have a field day with this
I love how much Gavin still has so much joy and  wonder at the tech pushing the boundaries and delivering even more amazing footage than ever before. Really makes you appreciate the art when the artist is this passionate.
Amazing, what about super macro slow motion cracking glass?
THE NEW PHANTOM WILL NEVER REPLACE DAN IT CANT FILL THAT EMPTYNESS IN YOUR HEART      Ps Loved the video
The glass cracking at the speed of light 😵😵
Now what you do is go back to older experiments and rerecord it with the newer tech. Plus with having a lot of newer up to date stuff you could probably do things much differently
Cracks in tempered glass travel at about 5km/s  by the way.
I'd love to see a Corelle bowl or plate shattered with the same camera set up. The bowls in particular have an INSANE amount of potential energy in them like a wound spring. if you actually manage to break one, they violently throw chunks of glass everywhere
yall this made me remember the walking dead season one episode one  when lee used the spark plug to break the window
nifty
Gavin never disappoints ! Thank you for being awesome !
Like a star exploding
Thanks for going back to looking good! You looked like a hobo from the streets of LA.
RIP Toyota door and window
Wonderful ad placement. Not even mad.
Honest review: Bonkers
The SloMo Guy
good vid bro keep it up
Where is Dan? We need Dan
That is a 180 THOUSAND dollar camera, ladies and gentlemen. Let that sink in for a second.
How much does this camera cost, though?
Can you do explosions with this thing
B-E-A-UTIFUL
Film a Nuclear eplosion with it.  plz
A slow mo guys episode all about "crack"
Wow,great camera
This was incredible to watch!!
Pls a bullet on impact with a steal wall
Can’t watch these without Dan... it’s like a missing arm ☹️😄
Guys, can someone tell me where Dan is? Did he leave the channel?
Do two harmers hitting eachother
Hope we can see Dan again soon enoth! 🙏❤️
@theslowmoguys light travels at about 1 foot/ns.... just sayin’, you know’m sayin’?
they way he says "a piece of someones car" sounds like he robbed someone of his car door
Slow down .25 speed 3:03-3:07 thank me later
Change the name of the channel to slo mo guy
Been watching your channel for a few years.... love the content and the passion for curiosity. If I had that $1 million camera, I would be recording the same stuff!
6:57 shortcut to 800,000 fps
7:58 playback speed 0.25 you can see the glass vibrate  and finally it cant hold the tension and break. crazy (correct me if i am wrong )
5:28 Is that flashlight/torch a TM 26?  😍
Will Dan be back when the pandemic has ended?
You should redo the Pyrex with this new camera!
Loved the vid. A suggestion for what to do, I always find bullet impacts cool. Something I have never seen anyone do tho is record the exact instant a rifle round hits tannerite (binary explosive)   I’ve always wondered if it was an instant thing or if the bullet goes through and there’s a delay to the explosion
150k views in an hour and a half .. wow
So what is the math at the end? If i remember you tried to count the speed once but was not accurate How fast is glass break?
What's the price on that bad boy?
I can watch it even slower by changing the playback speed of the youtube video to 0.25
So what happens if I turn my playback speed to .25 time
I really want to see if you can catch another lightning storm with this camera. I just saw the last video you guys did and I'm amazed so even though it's been done before please consider doing it again with the new one
ceramic do be hard tho. simple mohs hardness test says 8 beats 6 lol
800p and 736p are NOT 720p lol. i don't get why people say things like this. 800p is its own specific thing, and you used to see it show up on laptops pretty often. 736p is another oddball one i've seen on older screens. 720p is the most common resolution for older "wide screen" monitors from the 2000's or 2010's. Maybe people lump them in because marketing just decided to start rounding numbers with "2k" and up? Or maybe its the whole 21:9 thing not being a real ratio? At any rate, 720p is literally 720 progressive scan vertical height, and nothing more or less. It could even mean a "standard def" 4:3 ratio screen.
Can't wait to see Dan's face on this thing. Hope he's travelling over in a 6ft balloon.
I guess I have to use this Phantom to see my salary staying long enough with me!!
How about filming the impact of a ap bullet on a soft metal like alu or lead.
What happend to Dan?
7:23 he has a gun
This camera: 2.2 seconds = 9 days of 24 FPS video😲
1.75mil whoa! Love it!
Spoiler, Gav killed dan in a slowmo video, but its so slow its not out yet.
I would like to see a hummingbird’s wing move. I know you shot hummingbirds before but I want to see it with this camera.
me knowing nothing about cameras and been British i thought "Bin Off" was if you wanted to delete footage....
Me playing the video at 0.25 speed:  Those are rookie numbers
Dude has 14.1 million subs, but doesn't want to buy a second car window....
Does this mean Destin will be borrowing Slow Mo Guys phantom for a change?
Gav, I may just be an american, but even I can acknowledge that those from across the pond have the best vocab to describe this video:  "Eight hundred THOUSAND frames a second is just so utterly MENTAL!! I bloody love it!!"
You need to have some kind of scale so you can measure the speed of the glass breaking
Collab with Smarter Every Day for bullets and Rupert drops?
We need that under beight sun light.
I'm excited to see what you do with this amazing new Phantom!
That’s top notch!!
the cracked glass looks like a maze
I can't tell if it's the excitement or the isolation but Gav's UK accent is showing
I love the subtle plug for Destin's channel. 😉🍻
Now that was wicked cool!
Now I want ruperts drop revisited by Destin
Super excited to see what is coming up from your use of this camera. At 100ns/ frame  thats a frame every 30m of photons. that was one setting, maybe the One pixel mode . lol. Ill take that.
Very cool
So… How many banks do we need to rob?
Interesting... 🤔
What's the craic?...oh, t-that's the crack.
Dan
19 frames to the furthest edge of the frame at 80k fps...that is fast (0.002375s).  Don't have a distance measurement, but would seem in line with speed of sound in glass.
I am curious how heavy these recordings are like 100GB maybe 250GB lol
Can't wait for Gav and Dan to reunite again
OMG Gav you cleaned up so nicely!
Will you guys PLEASE do another lightning video with the new camera?  And try to catch some Red Sprites too!  :)
Me in intellectual: It's gonna be more slow/satisfying if I  playback it with 0.25x  It's big brain time 🤯
Talking frames never made me so wet until I found this channel years ago
Ha, by making the playback speed .25% I can make it slower than 800k fps >:)
I have a feeling that the only purpose of these cameras is to entertain people on youtube.
7:54 best part of the video no cap
For someone who's been following this channel almost 10 years and getting increasingly interested in cameras. I can really appreciate how insanely fast 800k/fps is! And it can do how much!? Bonkers.
Explosive hydro forming balls?
Do what you did with the pyrex and release the whole video
Never, ever will I be able to understand how you can smash a car window with a tiny crumb of ceramic!!!  The guy hit a window with a sledge hammer and it didn't break!!!
The glass cracks like teeth shattering in a Looney Tunes cartoon
How about two Roman Candles hitting each other in mid air? That should be pretty cool in slo-mo
6:55 What you came for
I dont think the jagged edges are breaking the glass. Ive heard the ceramic has a chemical reaction when thrown hard at tempered glass. U can almost see a spark when the glass breaks.
exited
Yet another excellent video from Slomo guys :)
8:55 subtle
You should exploding the fastest thing you can get and slow it down really fast.
I can only imagine how amazing the world looks to the flash
Surprisingly, this video was "Exceptionally Enjoyable!" To see in "Such Crazy Slow Mo," broken tempered glass forming into "Zig Zag Cracks, then Explosively shattering into Millions of shards & Fine dust particles..." IMO, Was both "Cra Cra' & Captivating!"
You absolute mad lad ricocheting ceramic off a window just *inches* away from the new Phantom!!
What lights are you using?
Slow down to .25 and put high resolution on. Thank me later.
Out of curiosity, how much would i need to acquire one of those myself. (How much are they?)
How to make a SUUUUUUPPER slow mo video: Step 1: Open a slo mo guys video Step 2: Go to the settings and select "playback speed" Step 3: Adjust it so that it is the lowest speed possible Heeeey prestoo!!! Ya have a SUUUUUUUUUPER SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW mo video!!
🐟
Imagine if Dan dug too far and went to North Korea...
all you need now is a portable sun
could revisit things like spinning a cd, does the whole cd crack before it separates?
Is there a way to show the stress in the glass as the crack propagates? Polarising filters for example
Is that a good beginner camera?
Would be nice to see Demolition Dan and you in one video again. Don't worry we will keep waiting, subscribed. Also, that superhero landing the spark plug did was amazing.
"insane in the frame rate" who heard that as "insane in the membrane"?
the fastest we have ever shot on this channel yeah just skip over the 1trillion fps camera that filmed THE SPEED OF LIGHT
AMAZING :) Looking forward to when you guys can start filming together again :D
Have you considered revisiting some old videos with the new faster Phantom
What is the price of this camera, my guess 1 million
His camera have more resolution than my own eye
I voped thjs vid was 4 years old so we got faster cams today haha. Anyway great job
Would you be able to record a light being turned off and the darkness engulfing the room?
How fast would this go im Km/h or Km/s?  With that I mean the breaking of the glass
Instead of using a spark plug take some ceramic and crush it into small bits.  Then just fling some at the glass.  Can be ceramic from anywhere. A toilet or a sink or even a spare ceramic tile.
A retake of spinning cd's with this camera would be awesome as well.
I love the vid but just out of curiosity wheres Dan??
Missing Dan(TT)
Shoutout to you for making it sound amazing.
What's the file size of 10 sec of that video?
lol
When the glass breaks it reminds me of when a balloon full of water breaks
Now watch this video in 0.5x speed
Couldn’t have been bothered to wipe down the glass first? ;) still love this content :)
3:02 That's just the most satisfying thing ever, the way the glass brakes like a circle going out, almost like a shock wave.
Wanna see cold welding slow mo!
Satisfaction guaranteed.
So, previously you had to call Alabama when you wanted the super fast phantom. Now, Alabama will have to call you for the super fast phantom.
Do you still record things for movies or na? Because I’m sure Michael bay would love an explosion at 500fps😂
Cool
Can you do a shoot on magicians doing slight of hand?
At over a million frames per second, I have to wonder how absolutely massive the data rate must be.   Also, it's nice to see those glass "cutting boards" at least have some usage, even as a cheap piece of smashable hardened glass. In actual cooking, those things are worse than useless, and will actively damage any knife that touches it.
8k res & 1 mil fps or no buy lol  [YT has a bot that deletes factual comments]
I get a feeling this video is going to go viral.
That circle of destruction is really cracking off
That was awesome!
Ssssssssssssooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwww                          ssssssssssssslllllllllllllllllloooooooooooooooooowwwwwwwwwww
Video is awesome, proves to all the people that tell me this isnt possible, that it is! Suckas!
what happened to dan?
coo
My head the whole time “what if you play cod with those FPS”😂
Gav... That was a seriously cool video mate!
5:33 that heck sounded like StyroPyro
Slow mo guys can you test the glass breaking method using the seatbelt metal clip please
Are you actually close to be able to measure the speed of light in a video with that framerate?
This was as fun as your previous glass breaking vid. Love what you do and like everyone else, it'll be great when you & Dan can get together again.
Wow, you're no longer Shaggy 💀
Can someone Explain why Dan hasnt been in a video in like 2 years?
I thought I had tinnitus kick in but then I paused the video.
And now for some absolute mad lad to out-do the Khronos ring and strap a whole load of these into a bullet-time rig.
Yes Smarter Every Day needs this camera
This is insane ....Im just like woah coool with open jaws lol
Now you should record ice breaking.
720p? Bin that junk and start over
can you measure the speed of the glass cracking?
*cough* prince rupert's drop *cough* ...
Your like god watching the birth of the universe ... just saying
You know you’ve been watching Slow Mo Guys for a long time when you get excited with Gav that a camera can film 75,000 FPS at 720p.
how expensive is that phantom🥺
Please do a video on the 2nd channel where you geek out over all the settings and technical details of the new camera!
breeth that asbestos in lol
7:48 Gavin:  _doesn't want to get cut by flying glass shards_ Gavin:  _wears shorts and street shoes with laces_
i guarantee you some filmmaker or concept artist will be using these as references
This is cool! But it also highlights how truly impressive it was for Werner Mehl to be able to capture bullets hitting stuff, and themselves midflight, at 1,000,000 frames/second 22 years ago...
Lets admire how many terabytes he uses to do these shots.   Edit: Omg TYSM for 190 likes (the most  i had)
Exactly, what a space alien see's while visiting us from a higher dimension
Why do we need this amount of FPS When we can’t see it on screen
You should get Dan on video chat while you film. Just put your phone camera sticking out of your pocket so he can see what's going on and react to it.
The childlike ethiopia paradoxically preach because tree demographically fancy a a windy feature. different, straight dogsled
my brain hurts
I turned down the speed on youtube to 0.25 to watch the cracks, obviously it skips frame by frame but its crazy how fast it is.
Will you believe if I tell you that five minutes ago I was watching a gameplay of the walking dead season 1 where they use a spark plugs ceramic to break a glass window so they can get a screwdriver from it
Where is the other guy???
"not that impressive. I can make the glass crack slower" *turns playback speed to 0.25*
The sound effects on the chopping board drop were sublime.
So how fast does a glass crack travel on average?
what is the file size of these videos
Can we respect his dedication to this channel
7:44 dude u have an M16 just lying around in yo garage COOOL
That wiggle before the tempered glass shatters was unreal
Imagine fortnite with 800,000 fps
More CD Spinning?
Not that I'd ever personally see a box this thing comes in, but I would so love to see "This thing is bonkers!" - Gavin Free, Slow Mo Guys  printed on the side of the box.
would have sucked if he forgot to start the recording
Do the glass with the modern thieve favourite tool, an automatic centre punch 👍🏻👍🏻
Incredible! 7:10 amazing!
Honestly, I really, really want to see electricity (preferably lightning) at that 800k fps. If it slows down glass fracturing that much, I can only imagine how much it'd slow down lightning and how amazing that'd look.
Is the audio off for others
I can't wait to see what Destin does with this thing.
Can you film a prince ruper's drop with this camra.  Ps. Love the videos
Theoretically shouldn't the reactions opposite travel be equal to the incoming speed and force ? Seems like glass breaks the barriers of newtons laws and physics in general. Or is it just me 🤣
This might be a perfect tool for capturing fast chemical reactions with macro lens :)
i'm starting to miss dan. did he have an accident of some kind?
What's the price of that BEAST !!!!
We need to see a shattering prince rupert's drop with this beast PLEASE
Why my guts say that phantom is from Smarter Every Day?
wheres dan
Should've just asked Elon for help😂
We miss you dan :(
max res of 1280x800?! did NOT expect it to be that low
Waiting for a "the longest 2.2 seconds on youtube" video now
Now Gavin needs a new door for the next breakthrough in slow motion cinematography. I would love to see a bullet travel through ballistic gel at a speed that you can see the bullet begin to deform and mushroom.
Velocities!  Some of us want velocities of the crack front.  Please include some math.  Or do we have to wait for "some other guy"?
He's finally had a haircut 😆😆
best channel on youtube
Is this the fastest thing after the speed of light?
When you put the playback speed on 0.25x and are watching that crack at 3.2mil FPS
I've waited to see this for a long time and now as it was always a mystery.  Nice!
Broken glass hmm.... Seems good
Hello Gavin! Around 4:04 you mention that any changes to the width of the camera won't benefit you for framerate. I tried googling this but wasn't able to find much about it, could you explain a little bit why this is the case?
Destin @ Smartereveryday you done been called out bro
Did Dan know it was you that stole his car door when he was last in town?
I am so smart putting the speed to 0.25x now its even slower
where is the other slow mo guy
Set the playback speed to .25 you’re welcome
hmmm how about lighting?
For the algorithm!
But how much is the camera worth is what I want to know
I would love to see another glass breaking video with a scale on it, so you can tell us exactly how fast the cracks are propagating.
7:43 wonder what gun from Crosman that is. Looks like the Crosman M4-177, but not really sure. I picked up the Crosman AK1 not too long ago which is why it peaked my interest lol
I haven't done any research but does anybody know why dan isn't apearing in the last episodes?   PS: I'm not saying that the videos without dan are bad! They are not! Keep on going! <3
Shattered like my hopes and dreams.
Love you both, Gav and New Phantom 😚👌
I'm out of the loop where is Dan
Oh no, no no no no noooo, the file sizes! Oh my days, the file sizes!!!
How much does that phantom cost.
Definition of being insane:  Doing the same thing over and over again expecting a different result
Now play that at 0.25x
Wow, those cracks remind me very much of the lightning paths!  I wonder if there's any physics commonalities at play there... very cool, and I'm excited to see what we'll all discover with the new camera going forward!
I just got an idea for a show intro template from this.
это просто аху*нна!!!!
Why does fresh haircut gavin look like Troy Baker?
Fresh trim dude
Me watching at 0.25x: *my goals are beyond your understanding*
“It’s the fastest phantom”……………………………………………………………………… IN THE WORLD!!!
Attempting to break a window with a spark plug?  Reality check #1  use the whole spark plug wraped with a paper towel stand back through fast pitch at the window  well break up in small pieces you’re inside.  Reality check  #2  tint your windows Repeat reality check # 1  as you will see the window is broken up, but stayed together. have friends with experience in these matters! 🕶.
The last tempered glass proves that we're in the Matrix (kidding), since you can see the glass wobble before shattering, just like the helicopter does to the glass sided building
And here I am, instead of studying philosophy lol  Amazing
4:50 i just cant handle the fact you left the plastic protector on it ...
what happened to dan?
it should be called now slo mo guy...where's Dan??
You have seen the hairdresser!
Great video, can't wait to see more of this camera in action!
“I might be getting carried away here” cue 6:37
looked at the price tag of that cam...  yeah... you could get a really nice fast car for the same price.  but a fast cam is also cool.
I hope Dan can get back in the US for Balloon June.  Great time for a rubber ripping reveal.
Makes me wonder how many scientific papers could be written using this footage
So anybody know about that insane slow mo camera that has been used to film light? I now want to see that used to film the spee of glass breaking, even at 800 thousand frames it is still travelling extremely fast. I now want to see glass breakoving so slow its looks like a snail mivong across the ground at 20,000 frames
I wonder what would happen if you dropped a circular piece of glass on a flat surface would the break still be a circle
I could watch glass breaking at this speed for hours
the last one was fresh when will dan come back to slow mo??
Lovely video as always! I have thougt about the idea of you guys filming a Falcon9 launch in slomo. There are so many aspects of that scenario that would be absoulutely insane to see👍🏼
Go to north Korea and film a nuclear weapons test
Remember when 28,000 frames was considered mind-blowing?  Now we're casually doing 500,000.
Please do some videos involving bullets impacting something solid with this camera.
Is this your own camera or did you borrow this one too?
hbyvvurfr
I'm always a step ahead of them with my 0.25x playback speed option. 😎😂
So Gav, at what point does the camera go from being an image collection device to a photon measuring device? 100M fps?
The plastic. Gav, the plastic. Peel the plastic off the screen!!!! AAAAAAAAAA
I'd love to see a bullet shoot through that thin strip at 500k fps
2:40 You're welcomed
GAV you have GOT to film with that beast the next time there is a storm in your area one good lightning strike would be worth the effort
Yo Destin!  Come back and do something epic with the Slow Mo Guys!
I hope to get a response  but how much does that camera cost?
You literally need a piece of ceramic no bigger than your pinky nail. It's all about how hard you throw it. Source = my childhood
Where's Dan?
I Am *SO EXCITED* To See More Videos With This Camera. Even Thinking About How A Gun Would Look Like Makes Me Feel More Excited. Hope To See More <3
3:05 Goofy
To us who also slowed down the video using YouTubes speed settings..
I want to see the 1 million fps strip tease
when will Dan come back?
you need to make a new video of the rebar being pulled apart. Maybe we can see the cracks this time.
I love how the Slow Mo Guys are probably the very best Influencers for Phantom Cameras that could be imagined
But can it run Crysis?
Don’t be afraid to make these longer for the asmr chill aspect of it🙂
The tables have turned. Now Destin will be calling Gavin every other month to borrow the camera.
you and smarter everyday are the entire slow mo community
haven't been here in a long time, where's the other guy?
726
So i was wondering what i should watch while eating and saw this video... so i've gone full res and full attention... now i can go fetch my food and see what i will watch while i eat xD
I love it when Destin is called out like that... You know he has to respond.
Congratulations on the new Phantom, Gav!  Can't wait to see more of it being put to use!
So how fast does a crack actually travel in glass?
One of the best
I'd love to see revisits of the electricity videos (lightning, Tesla coils) with this camera!
if will smith laughed at me failing to break a window i'd probably have nightmares about that forever.
8:52 Yes, that's how you pay him back, and we are excited too
-Have you seen GAVIN?  -GAVIIIIIIIIIN !!!
BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE!
Me watching this video: 👁👁
so cool. you can see Shockwave from ground to glass almost like liquid, than it hits the edges,  come back to the ground and when it reverts the energy is so high that it shatters
HAIRCUT
I want Dan digging his tunnel in 800k FPS please
Sometimes when i see some slow motion videos, i say "ok they cant go any slower, even if they go there is no meaning, we saw everything" but when i watch the slower video i realize that im so wrong. there is so many things going on that we cant even imagine how fast it is
Nerds will get nerdy about numbers.
The cracking of glass reminds me of the lightning video where you could follow the strains
Missed opportunity to say, "The fastest phantom, in the world."
Can you guys capture the moment that bullet launched by a transparent mechanism
When you realize u can just put youtube speed to 0.25x and not buy cameras worth thousand of dollars.
How much does the new one cost?  Just curios, would never in a million years afford it.
Awesome.. have you done a slow mow of bass affecting glass and other materials like it yet? If not, that might be an interesting idea.
07:55 truly amazing slo-mo.
Dan has to be REALLY jealous...
i love seeing new tech make things you think are already amazing magnitudes more amazing
Dan in 2019: Why should I move to Texas?  Gav in 2021: Yup.  Dan: *digs tunnel*
Where's Dan?
A NEW Phantom?? These are exciting times my friends..
For some reason when I put this video in more than 1080p the entire thing goes really stuttery?
Does this mean there will be a new longest 5 seconds on youtube
new Slo Mo Guys video? click without even reading the title
What is the speed of that crack?
I miss Dan
I miss DAN!
stupid you can slow it on youtube
Did you ever see this 1 million FPS projectiles video? It has some glass scenes at 4 minutes 30 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QfDoQwIAaXg
"Glass is glass and glass can break"
Is this the camera they use to film in a slow motion scene in an action movie?
Energy travels at the speed of light.   This is a great experiment that shows energy speed without the need of light, just energy traveling thru an amorphous material with high viscosity (glass).
Absolutely great sound design at 07:57 that wubwubwub like from a large thin peace of metal so good
The ultrasonic obliterator can finally be viewed in slow mo?
Can we get Dan to zoom or something?
interesting to know with that camera,  how many storage needed to save it for about 1-10 seconds ?
I wonder if a camera will be able to see light moving if you get enough frames 🦫
Thats mindblowing
With 1.75 million FPS, you could actually film the speed of light sort of. Light travels 171 meters per frame at that framerate, so you could shine a powerful laser at a distant target and see the time diff
People who say money can't buy happiness. Watch this
Will you be able to capture light moving? 😅
Maybe while you wait for Dan to dig the tunnel, you can revisit some old videos with a faster camera?
Why does decreasing the height increase the framerate?
Poggers for God
Where were you when I dropped my 3 by 5 foot glass tabletop last Christmas 😜
wow
Your hair looks good!
Loved the new camera Gav. I think it has been long enough now without your partner to go ahead and change the name of the show to the Slow Mo GUY. Just kidding.
Aren't you hindering yourself a bit? in a video you mentioned why you recorded at 25 fps instead of 50 and mentioned that when you get a camera that can do much more fps you'd stay with 25, recently yeah cameras are much better but wouldn't it be even better to go back to 25 fps? ALSO ALSO why did you use 3 different lenses for the video? 2 canon and 1 nikon
The sideways momentum of the pieces in the last shot was really cool. I wonder why they chose to alter just the height to increase frame rate, seems like a bizarre choice.
That spark plug had some “reach”
Now you know what you must do: repeat every experiment you've ever done with this new camera.
With restrictions being lifted, will Dan be rejoining you soon?
Nice haircut. You're going to have a nice set of salt and pepper hair.
at least have Dan leave a comment
You should have used the smaller pieces the shards smallest ones are best
wish i had 60fps on my games
How much was the new camera?
Mhmm
love to see you attempt a slow-mo with a m61 Vulcan chain gun 20mm 6000 rounds per second, this would be amazing.
Does tempered glass crack faster than plate glass? I remember reading somewhere that they actually shatter at different speeds, but I don't remember which was faster. If plate glass shatters slower it would be cool to be able to try and follow a crack as it goes
@Gavin, would it be possible to have two phantoms, out of sync so that you could achieve double the fps?
I'd love to see an electromagnetic can crush and other such shenanigans at these kinds of frame rates.
Technology is amazing. To think no human has ever been able to see something as fast as this slowed down before...
Gav: This will go at around 750,000 FPS Me, An intellectual: Fools, it will go at 3,000,000 FPS as I shall use the power of 0.25 youtube playback speed!
I wonder if you could calculate the speed at which the glass breakage is traveling.  It's got to be just crazy fast.  I found myself picturing being inside some massive Truman Show glass dome, watching this breakage happen over miles and miles and wondering if I would be able to follow its travel even on that scale.
Cool! Bring the secomd guy and break light bulbs!
Maybe try to tie a piece of ceramic on a string or stick and let it hit the glass? But the content is amazing as always!!
You have to film what happens to an eye when it gets enlighted with a soft light in slooooowwwwmoooooo!!
You have to peel off that protection layer on the screen! 😲
2.2 seconds generated 1 day and 20 hours of footage?! I want to see a successor to "The longest 5 seconds on YouTube"!
over 10 years of Slow Mo Guys, and a *unit* of a camera like this exists imagine what might exist in another decade...
So cool
Now to capture lightning... Or at least something from a Tesla Coil.
how much is this camera?
I miss Dan :(
That was insane!!! The detail! I would be cool to see a thorough review of the physics that occurred. Always great content, can't wait to see the duo back together. My imagination is swirling with what to film at this speed. fluid/thermal dynamics...explosion for sure.
Where is the other guy?
Just a friendly reminder that you'll probably never, EVER get a camera this good Have a nice day! :)
God a super zoom on a firecracker would be really cool, or like a line of fire crackers
Клево
Thank god he got a haircut
I wonder, can you record how light travel ? In 1/17500000s light travels 171meters, maybe strong laser will be visible at night, or put some 10% mirrors every 200 meters, that will iluminate small reflective area.
Awesome vid, can’t wait to see the next slowest thing you ever recorded!
A video idea: Record sparks generated from microwaving metal
7:42 Why does Gavin have a rifle just casually on the floor there
god this is beautiful
You should film Aquaplaning  (hydroplaning) for car tire
id imagine that this is how the earths crust would look if it were impacted by an asteroid
Madness!
This great! But...it’s missing something, something important to this channel...Dan
So I guess no more "Thanks to Dustin, for letting us use his camera".
2:59 2001 A Space Odyssey
Is your money ran out?
this was awesome
you should use that in a new Sherlock movie
what time in your country right now ?  In Malaysia 3.37AM now 😂🇲🇾
Your hair, what have you done with jesus gav
Was the phantom hired or brought in this video..... And how much did it cost if it wasn't on hire
Its crazy to me that a tiny ceramic chip at throwing speed can shatter that thick glass O_O
Am I the only one nervous it's gonna bounce back and hit the phantom
And how much will one of those cameras cost me? I can't find out on google so I'm guessing it's rather expensive.
Cops around the world should have this wow.
hi gav,  i recently saw your episode with will smith and wondered if you had considered doing a short series(10 episodes over 2 months?) involving celebrities and subscriber submitted ideas?
WOOOOOOOHHHH !!!
Borrow someone's car door, "can I borrow your car door?" 7 years later "here's your door back"
"this is extremely sharp, it can shutter a car window" *proceeds unconcerned to smash it on piece of camera equipment worth tens of thousands $ *
*A piece of someone’s car*
Nice hair cut, bro.
This is the earliest I've ever been to your videos, it was uploaded 48 mins ago
I would love to see the speed those cracks travel at, to bad I'm lousy at advanced mathematics. 😐
I need to see some big explosion filmed with this phantom !
looking good Gav !! great to see you back ! :)
This was amazing 👏 thank you!
The best way is to heat up the small shard of ceramic, its the way i was shown and does not require much force at all, and when smashing car windows, attack the edges not the middle, the same way your taught to break windows in an emergency...
Where is dan
slow mo guy :(
It feels like forever since you last uploaded it's awesome to see you
Hit the corners with the sledgehammer
Oh my god this is so captivating!
Ayo where is my driver's side door?
Am i the only one who find its so interesting.......
Can Broken glass travel at the speed of light?
Tremendous footage!  The potential of this Phantom is mind blowing.
The Slow Mo Guy
you guys should do a series of doing past videos but on the new phantom but have us vote which one we want
Covid has turned this channel on to Slo Mo Guy
don't shoot the little screen on this one
*SUPER HOT* *SUPER HOT* *SUPER HOT*
whens a sequel to the longest 5 seconds on yt
That is fantastic footage. It's cool to see the cracks walk across the glass like that.
Is it fast enough to record graphics cards selling out of stock?
ok this is super cool... but how much did it cost?!
That callout at the end had my dying
team up with Demo Ranch and shooting the glass ball, watch the shock wave converge on the back.
Finally, we can finally see the travel of glass breakage, and it's more gorgeous than I ever could have imagined
Still waiting on Dan.
Could someone smarter than me figure out the speed of the crack travel in mph/kph?
That's so strange how it lets you lower the resolution but not keep the aspect ratio, I wonder what the technical reason is
We need to change the channel to the slow mo guy
*1:54** - **1:59** = 410'000 pictures.* :o 1280 x 736 = 942,080 pixels, but without the color dept I can't calculate the size in bytes for each frame, lets assume 8 bit (aka. 1 byte, 0-255) for each: Red, Green & Blue in each pixel, so: 1 pixel = 3 byte (or 3*8 bit = 24 bit) So, multiply the amount of pixels by 3, which is 942,080 * 3 =  2'826'240 bytes, which is 2.8 Mb per frame. times 410'000 frames: 410'000 * 2.8 = 1'148'000 Mb which is 1,148 TeraBytes in 5 seconds. 82'000 frames per second, at 2.8 Mb per frame: 82'000 * 2.8 = 229'600 Mb, or 229,6 Gigabyte per second. or about ~0,23 TeraByte per second.
How much did that Phantom cost?
very excited for anything that's not 100fps anymore
faster than anyone doin their homework fr
Great haircut, Gav!
Still miss you, Dan.
You guys need to record Lightning again with this high frame rate
So now Desmond is going to be borrowing your camera instead of vice versa.
I'm curious: what speed do the cracks travel at?
Please do det-cord going across the screen. It'd create its own lighting so you wouldn't have to worry about that. Also wondering if you can see the sparks on a tesla coil developing.
"And make sure you stay subscribed"  Gav just acknowledges the fact that everyone on YouTube is already subscribed to his channel.
E
I've been waiting since the Pyrex video for something like this and here we are.
I was struggling to find a effect that looks similar but i've found it. It is like cristalline structure forming in time-lapse. Ice or salt for example
How much does that camera cost?
60k views in just 40 min?? Am wallowing in wowness😲😲😲
Have you thought about filing the 'barking dog' sulpher experiment in slow mo?
Video derped right as the slowmo started and I thought he got the exposure to dark.
Om my god pull that peely off the screen right now!  In slowmo!!
Where is the other guy
Do the Flying Scotsman!!
Didn't you say that you will not upload videos in 50 fps, because it cuts the slow-mo effect in half? Why is this video in 50 fps if you're trying to get the slowest possible result?
Just have Dan smuggled through the southern border
Омг
I love Gavin, but can't wait until we get Dan back as well
Please make how tv works on slow motion with this camera
Almost 2 million. Holy Molly
7:18 Is my favorite heavy metal band
You going to upload the entire clip?
25 spark plugs gave this video a thumbs down
I can’t imagine the cost for that high quality camera that probably will get glass shot back it.
Casey Neistat next video: "Someone Stole My Car Door..."
wow
is there a reason why reducing the width of the image has no effect on the available frame rate?
You should score the glass and do a similar test to see if you can control where the cracks form
So you need to get multiples of the camera so we can get it in full resolution. Just stack them onto of each other
Interesting to see how glass breaks in slow mo. Just after finding out someone had broken the glass of my car a few hrs ago.
Insane with the frame rate. Insane with tha frame.
So at 1.2 million frames per second, you basically need your own personal sun to light up the frame? Just gotta wait for fusion reactors.
Hydraulic Press Vs Glass sheets...
(New Phantom with millions of FPS comes out) Gav: "Well.... Time for more data storage."
Now you can make a new longest five Seconds on youtube
Could you do Velcro?
Do the st rupert's drop again!!
Should have put da baby in the car lol
Pog
That first shot was so gorgeous.  Keep it up gav.
For some reason at 7:57 My brain cant Accept that.. He cant... Even it was a slow mo but my brain cant handle that 4.2 sec delay before that glass broken
so do you buy these cameras when they come out as a long term investment or do you rent them out for a video?
Thanks for the insight how these camera works. Useful matter and interesting.
So beautiful!
I have had a car window smashed with a spark plug by a thief. I found the insulator shard in the vehicle amongst the glass fragments.
It would be interesting to see all of the phantoms film the same thing and have a side by side comparison.
Where is dan ?
The lightning video would be metal
the think v2511 Gav uses is Destin's, is this new one Gav's so they can play swapsies?
You don't have to break the spark plug, just tap it on the window....
WHERE IS DANNNN?
I wish they wouldn't talk so much and just get to the point
1.75 million frames per second is almost fast enough to capture what happens when you drop something on the floor and it vanishes
"Premiered 28 minutes ago" lol
The evolution of slow mo guys
Yay haircut!
Sheeee 48k views in 40 min
Now pewdiepie needs that fps
0:36 Not really an invention, just some hilariously overpriced piece of regular technology.
I’ll just go get a spark plug from the engine block so I can exit the vehicle.
Im so glad he got his haircut
What speed (MPH) does the glass crack at?? Can be calculated pretty easily i think knowing size of glass and time it takes for it to crack
This might be the most random video I found.  Thank you, Gavin very cool
I am scared to google how much this gem of a camera costs. Typing this not 2 minjutes in and I am excited.
Hey i once started at a place that made sneeze guards for salad bars  and unknown to me is that u can hit them with a hammer but if u touch the side the frequency causes them to explode lol
Who's car is that?
At what speed (m/s) do the cracks travel?
Why does glass shatter so quickly?
I miss Dan 😔
Remember those small paper-wrapped 'snaps' you'd throw hard at the floor? I'd love to see how they go in super slow-mo. :)
Dan :((
This comment is going to be legendary, Current views 46k and only 393 comments
piece of someone's car? Did he steal someone's car door?  I hope he uses it for lighting again
You should get together with @DemolitionRanch he is in the Austin area as well!
Commenting for the YouTube algorithm
could you put that macro Pinocchio lens on haha?
Speaking of insane... premiered 31 minutes ago, 43000 views, 372 comments. That's dedication :D And the vid is awesome.
Have you ever tried filming a Lichtenberg figure being made in glass?
I want to see Dan get kicked in the spuds at 500,000 fps
AMAZING!!!! :D
Gun a gun a 1,000,000 FPS
glass cutting board? Who does that?  Nobody who knows anything about knives, that's who.
Наконец-то что-то интересное
Where is Doctor Fauci?
The cracks travel at 3000 mph or 1.341 km/s
At some point we'll have magnification and speed reduction to where we can watch neurons firing. Then we can map the mental route taken while watching slowmo videos.
I instantly paused your video so that I could google the Phantom 7510!!!
Oh my gosh de sound designnn, delicious 7:58
New phantom, new slow mo
100 nanoseconds... light would travel about 300 ft in that time
Bro I just hear Will Smith laugh in the background 🤣
Gib that Phantom! * __ *
Just replaced spark plugs and wires yesterday.  How ironic lol
YoOOO How much Cheddar you think James is pulling per vid
The Slo-Mo Guy*  RIP Dan
3:41 "One or two frames of crack" :D
7:47 C'mon, it's counter ballancing! lol
Hats off to the one who cleaned the room after these shots 👍
Filming lightning again?
Even just a cardboard cutout of Dan would suffice for me
Use this camera to capture lightning
That haircut Gav; looking good boet 💪 Insane camera and video!
Breaking  glass is so much fun
Alright... I did the maths.. and trust me I am very bad at that.. but WHAT IF... What if you somehow managed to align 7.5 of those massive Phantoms (well.. I would probably go with 7 or 8, because cutting one in half wouldn't exactly help) just perfectly over each other, you could then cut those 7 or 8 "stripes of footage" together to get a full 720x1280 shot... am I right? For the sake of science... I want to see that!
356th
Everyone : Ooooh thats fast Me : PLACEHOLDER FOR A LONG NAME WITH MUCH STUFF IN IT AND YET MORE!!!
I hve got goose bumps😱😱😱😱
Why Dan's not back yet. I can fell the missing  Hello Internet, I'm gav, I'm Dan, And we are the slow mo guys.
How about the tiny little start of the explosions seen in baseballs shot out of Destin's baseball cannon? It would be amazing to see the origins of that brief flash of light. Or secondary explosions seen in the cavitation of ballistic gel when shot with something really powerful. Such wonderful, and slow, times ahead for us all.
The half million slowmo glassbreak looks like a movie studio intro
23 dislikes from humans living in the Fast lane ➡️
Oh, you look like a civilized human again ;P
4:28 fact check, you recorded way slower when filming light
Smashing! (... I'll show myself out) Seriously though, actually seeing cracks moving through the glass is absolutely stunning!
Very exciting technology
Please slow mode of crying or slow mode of jump scares
Knowing that you have rtx graphics card why not send the voice sound through the AI to remove the room echo?
The bits of spark plug ceramic are also known as ninja rocks.
The Slow Mo Guy.
Next time show the spark plug operating in slow motion
It is fascinating to see the fracture shock wave propagate through the glass at a constant speed.
Can you do a video with demolition ranch 🙏🏽
nice hair Gav!
Shoot the glass with a bullet and compare bullet speed with crack speed
82.000 fps per second and still it smashes the window within 1 second ....
i got screen shot for my computer at 3:25 awesome shot bravo! 😎
Glass is so strange. Unbelievably quick
It feels like some floating asteroid hitting a planet with bang 😍😍
Wooooooow
Amazing recordings!  But I'm also astonished by the fact, that you can break a car window like that O.o   Looking foreward to seeing more videos with that cam!
Almost missed the camera shot haha 😆
🇸🇰 👍👍👍 SUPER 👍👍👍
If you could try to break a car window with a Nitecore P20i... would be great
phantom: i can do 1.75 million fps gav: 👁👄👁💦
The last clip was very interesting. You can see how the glass doesn't shatter immediately as it hits the ground, instead it does so after the shockwave travels through the glass a couple of times Super cool video
noice
Great video. Love all slow motion stuff. Want a Chronus HD camera really bad. $6000 plus is too hard right now.
Where’s dan aain
Ma man’s cut be lookin’ fresh
Yeah, so what's Dan up to besides packing on quarantine fluff?
Comment #257, earliest I’ve ever had. I love the glass videos gav! I want to see more, but the most important part is getting Dan back
At 8:00 you can clearly see all of my dreams
01:10 Same reaction 1.75 MILLION FRAMES PER SECOND WTFBRO
Where did dan go???
Yo Gav looking fresh with the hair cut.👀👀
by far one of the coolest slow mo guys video
Wow.
so i only need one old spark plug to destroy 10 windows? wtf? is that legal? ^^
*THE VISIT TO THE HAIRDRESSER HAS CONSIDERABLY EFFECTIVE OF THE IMAGE*
cany you measure the speed of cracks?
where is dan?
Christ, I remember back when you were smashing a mug at 10,000FPS and that was the slowest the channel had ever gone. This channel has always been the best reminder for me at the amazing speeds technology can advance. Excited to see you smashing a bottle at 64,000,000FPS 10 years from now.
i miss Dan
which camera you use
Wait what do you mean "someones car" did you steal that door? Like i know times might be hard right now but did you really have to turn to crime.
🎵🎵 "Insane with the framerate... It's insane but got no frame... Insane with the framerate..." 🎵🎵
Dan still unable to come and film due to travel restrictions. As you know he's been working for several months on digging a tunnel between the UK and Texas. Progress is going well. Some fishing ships have claimed to see a small Dan sized lump under the ocean a few hundred miles off the east coast of the USA .
Dannnnnnnnnnn 😎😎😎
I still remember when you exploded pyrex and the amount of footage you had from that made Dan sick. can only imagine his reaction when he learned about this new Phantom
The super fast but thin video would be perfect to capture two bullets colliding head-on.
Half a billion?!!! 😂 4:26
I bet a spark plug would go right through a Cyber Truck window!😂
Dropping the tempered glass was unbelievably satisfying.
As a firefighter, I keep a broken spark plug in my turnouts incase I need to break some glass quickly.
So when are you gonna be able to record the speed of light? :D
WOW where did your HAIR go?
osu!mania at 800,000FPS??
can you do that with ice cubes too?
That is AMAZING!!! How fast are those cracks traveling?!
but whats the point of using a spark plug? You could have taken any other object.
سلام کی ایرانیه؟🙂🤣🤣🤣🤣
YEAH!!!!
Do lightning again
You should revisit the pyrex video again with this camera
I love this Video
*Spark Plug vs Car Window at 800,000FPS!* youtube: 1080p@50FPS
Love the new hair style!
How fast does a crack in glass travel compared to the speed of light?
Can't wait to see Dan again!! Thanks for still uploading though Gav! :)
Am I the only one that is curious as to the price of this insane camera?
Inb4 gav ends up at linus's office for another storage build
Basically y'all can redo all the old video and still make it look brand new😂
Have you already got a chunk of the broken glass and tried to brake it in a smaller piece using a hydraulic press?
GAV!     Just like, ask questions later.
I'm sooo excited to see video with the new camera!
Nice nod to Destin.
All you need to do is get a bunch of these and set them up in such a way that they are stacked so that each one records a portion and then stitch them all together to make up a larger resolution image.
Peel the plastic…pleeease
Where has Daniel gone? I miss both of you together.
outstanding
awww i miss the long hair. you looked so grunge.
Nice Hiarecut Gavin Lookin Sharp! ;)
Now we should clean up the mess 😂
This camera will be great for shoots with Destin's "supersonic baseball cannon"
now I'm wondering what the slow-mo cameras 20 years from now will be capable of.   What sort of things could we even capture with 2 or 5 million FPS that we can't see with 500k, I wonder?
Why in gods name would you use a glass cutting board? Besides for this.  Unless you want to sharpen your knife after every third cut.  Smh
Great vid ! The explosion of a Prince Rupert drop would be impressive I think
Hey where is dan?
Truly amazing! Does Phantom loan you the camera, or do you rent it? At ~$150K it would be quite a budget-buster to purchase it!
try and do a video about how rifle rounds spin and if possible, get a 50cal and record how it deflects as its going through a material
can anyone say me, where is dan? what happend? i dont find it.
Back at it again guy
Are those all actual frames or does the phantom render a part of them?
Wow cool effect
If you watch at 0.25 doesn't that make that 500,000fps into 2,000,000fps
This is so exciting
YES, a bullet existing a rifle barrel, but also the rifles barrel oscillation. A light weight slim contour hunting rifle barrel along with 30 caliber with a bullet over 150 grains, (9.72 grams) would have the largest oscillation. Please, please, please.
how is Dan right now?
Lets break a Prince Rupert Drop next :-D
Where is Gav?
did he buy that full retail price? also how much does it cost... probably incredibly expensive
Rebrand. Slow mo guy
That was pretty crazy! Also...that framerate that camera can do...INCREDIBLE!
Hello
Great footage !!!
thank god he's not Gavin paid
❤️❤️
what happened to dan?
Where is Dan?
0.25 로 시정하는대도 크랙이 퍼지는속도가 상상 초월이내 안전을 위해 이유리를 개발한사람에게 감사를
Do you own this camera or is it rented. The price was almost as much as a Jaguar
I spit on the small piece but it always works after I don’t know why adding weight maybe
You think its fast enough? Use it on a shaped charge
Awesome video, but I think we're all curious about this, how is Dan? And will he make an appearance again soon?
Nice, that's why lifehamers have pointy bits....
☹️Where is Daan? 😭
At around 3:00 minutes it looks like a space station or a rocket floating in space, and when it cracks, a sky full of stars seems to appear behind it. Slow-motion truly ceates magical worlds!
who Else thought Gav was Going to Spark the Car Window? I definitely did!
Where is Dan
You could almost call this video..... sparktacular
Gav looks so much better with a fade. Lad’s looking proper
Sad how the live chat was full with spammers :c Otherwise, those extreme framerates were AMAZING
You need to get that worlds brightest flashlight for this exposure 0_0
Wheres Dan
Hey a car
Next up: Stone vs. Cybertruck
0:50, you mean the slowest phantom ever made :p?
That's a sweet new webcam you got there Gav!
When ur so early even the comments are typed in slo-mo
Hopefully Dan will be back soon!
Am I hearing Dan?
“I was waiting…” *Everyone gets ready for Dan to walk in* “For a new Phantom to be invented” Cool but also awwwwwww
Epic
Rename as 'The Slow Mo Guy' perhaps..? Where's B? I know, I know, covid.. But.. No Dan at all, not even a screen fer his reaction n comment.. 🤷🏼‍♂️ Great channel tho nonetheless 👍🏼
Wtf
No wonder Glen told Lee to hand him the spark plug. It turns windows into tissue paper
early
love you
My crush replies : finally a worthy opponent
You should do photosynthesis in slo mo
I think it's not a bad idea to keep ceramic pieces in your car for emergencies you might need to break a window.
It looks like how films show water instantly turning into ice, looks like the same ‘cracking’
You guys should try and film a Mercury Arc Rectifier.
I love how you can literally follow the cracks as they are made. Also, love the nod to Destin :D
So this new phantom films on the nanosecond scale?
What had ever, I say WHAT HAS EVER BEEN MADE
Is there any way to figure out how many m/s the cracks are traveling?
6:54 time for the longest 2,2 on sec 2nd channel 😎
Will you by chance revisit the colored glass break video?   I feel like it would be satisfying to see super slow like that, and if you can determine a method to test that circle theory from last time that would be great!
I was hoping you'd put a couple of marks a set distance apart and calculate the travel speed of the break.  Will that come later?
Literally can see the exact moment the glass hit the floor
With that monster camera try to split a bullet again, but this time shoot it above the ace head to really see the exact moments that bullet splits
Ninja rocks !    Is what the kids call these in smash-and-grab Oakland
You might want some moderators in the chat next time, to reduce the ammount of spam in there
Wait, so did you buy this camera, or just rent it from Phantom? Or did they provide it as a sponsorship deal?
Gav got a new haircut! and camera
Smarter everday: Its for me ?
More high velocity impacts. They’re always so surreal.
That still was quite quick.
*Imagine Getting Liked By Slow Mo Guys)*
Как же это офигенно смотрится). Thank you for video!)
That crazy
And now please film speed of Light again
*me watching in 60 Hz*
When you thumbs up brings it from 1k to 1.1k 👌
Gav: BRAND NEW TECHNOLOGY Chat: 🅰🅱🅾🅱🅰
Excellent!! 👌
You went much slower with the Pyrex jug didn’t you?
Please add some Live chat moderation it’s all spam
Life hack wanna break in a car use a spark plug
Shattering results
Bro he is a full scientis
pog champ
Elegante cada vídeo. Alta resolución.
I'm commenting as proof I was here during the premiere anyways, ima go get a cupcake 🧁
Mo nyari viewers asal Indonesia
I love you so mach❤❤❤
Gav got a new camera!! I stop chewing at the moment of impact 😂😂👌🦆 awesome video!!
Quick think of something funny
800.000 FPS POG
Free israel🇮🇱🇮🇱🇮🇱
Prince Rupert Drop next?
There is no way in Heck you got a spark plug to 800,000 feet per second....   Oh, yea, lol.
OMG he's clean shaven! is this the end of the pandemic?
Hi
Hi
Have you guys ever captured sonoluminescence in slow motion? I imagine it would make a great video. You could capture mantis shrimp producing them with their super fast punch.
69th like.
Dam
When is Dan returning? Great video...
Not as fast as a phantom in minecraft
🇹🇷
Hi
This channel gives so much of pleasure and satisfaction
Thanks for your dedication bro
MrHomebrew in the building
And how much did that baby cost ya?! 🤣
Loving the vids Gav ❤️ hope you got some decent weather in Texas, here in London it's been all sorts of crazy, Huge thunder and rain storms all whilst being in a heatwave.R.i.p. my fence panels❤️ keep it up and stay safe.
Follow msi_plays on Instagram
I've done this 30 years ago lol
Jesus Gav you had a sledgehammer
I have been waiting for this for ssoooooo long
сейчас все секрете взломщиков еще расскажите .....😡
N word
Wheres dan
When you realize that Gavin is teaching us how to steal a car.
Premiere, my least favorite feature on youtube
Evening all
The anticipation is killing me!!@
That's why you shouldn't hide behind car windows when someone is throwing spark plugs at you
Guess that plug is gonna be a Guilty Spark
And I’m dan
my ps4 that stops working on 40 fps :(
Have a good day😃👋
It’s been a while
Pretend I said something funny
Ez wins
🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦🇸🇦خالد
Hello I’m gav
Hello to all and yes I am the real Diego Armando.
Op
:)
Россияяяяяяяя
Wake up babe new slow mo guys video
Gonna be great. I know it already.
Fir
Cats: meow Dogs: woof 9-year-olds: *FIRST FIRST*
Plug
Absolutely loving the recent videos, thanks for helping us all through quarantine.
What is this.
You are not first, You are not last, But most certainly Nobody asked
Guess who's back, back again
That frame rate is insane, how is the camera able to shoot that fast?
This sparks joy
hi
Ayyy
First
First?
