If you haven't seen the full episode on Dropout yet, highly recommend you go for the free trial and give it a shot.
Got nothing on Field of Dreams' ending.
I wasn’t always an easy crier but idk whether it’s because I’ve gone through shit or just got older but I bawl very easily now. Literally teared up just thinking about this scene.
I swear, that opening has got to be the result of someone saying "i bet you can't make people cry in five minutes." And the creators taking it as a personal challenge.
Having binged all of Game Changer recently, I feel like this episode might be Sam's most cruel piece of work
I never cried to that one, never even almost got me, I would say I'm dead inside but I've cried to a silent voice
Is it thay she can't have babies?? I always took it as she had a miscarriage because they are seen painting the room and all kinda pointing towards the fact she is pregnant but then it flips to the doctor scene where she's crying. Maybe it could be an accumulation of both considering they never try again.
In the app the title got truncated to "Watch the First 5 Minutes of…" and I didn’t need to see the rest. I knew
Married Life was such a good song to accompany these scenes
The beginning of Up is way too easy--toddler level try not to cry. Show em the Rain death scene in Spirit: Stallion of the Cimarron. THAT'S a try not to cry that takes some serious restraint.
Sam: So I had my players watch the first five minutes of Up, and they were told that they weren't allowed to cry.  Jigsaw: Jesus, even I wouldn't put someone through that.  Pinhead: Yeah, wow.
YOU LEFT OUT HOW THEY WERE CHILDHOOD FRIENDS WHO GREW INTO LOVING ADULTS! That's a key element of what makes the loss hit so HARD! They were literally INSEPARABLE from the moment they met as KIDS!
I have never NOT cried while watching up 😅😭
For me, Up was the straw that broke the camels back; every fucking time I think im in for a fun little pixar movie, but all of them make me cry at some point.
sam narrating like one of those shorts where the AI voice just explains the plot of the entire movie in 30 seconds in the most monotone way possible.
I KNEW it was going to be Up!! I knew it!!
This was such a beautiful episode
I teared up just listening to the description. That intro gets me every time
Thats an ever bigger challenge on us!
Sam is a monster
This movie gut-punches you in the first 5 minutes, and delivers a second punch at the end. 😢
Best 5 minutes of cinema, ever.
If that was me, it wouldnt be good. Id laugh and joke, then id boo the whole thing
Missed a crucial detail in the beginning. Ellie DOES get pregnant, they build and paint an entire nursery, then the baby dies and they can't conceive afterwards.
One of my favorite movies
My dad has ONLY watched the first 5 minutes of Up!!! He said ‘it’s too sad, I can’t watch anymore!’ He wouldn’t believe me that it has a happy ending 😢 he got no catharsis
So they did great. I'm already crying of description and memory. This was not the best way to start my workday.
That one didn’t get me as much but if anything happens I love you destroyed me
Disney went "Fuck yall" with this one.
And this is why I dont watch Disney Movies.
Deviously choosen Sam... gets me every damn time 😢
i even cried a little as sam was describing the scene...
I've never cried during Up
Sam!  How DARE you show them the "UP" opener and expect them not to cry.  This is effin youtube so I can't put the Greta "how DARE you" meme, but consider it done.  LOL
The man is sick! He's a sick, sick man!
Cried in theatre from this scene.
SAM is a MONSTER.
The song 'stuff we did' makes me cry, without fail, just by itself
Not Littlefoot’s mother!!!
I just started crying from him describing it whyyyyy
Sam's description got me teared up
THE NARRATION MADE MW CRY
Now i cry whenever i watch that movie but i genuinely think that Sam describing it was more emotional then the actual movie
Jess is so real for that
For me it would be It's a Wonderful Life
I’m glad that I’m not on this show because everyone would think that I’m a psychopath
Man its crushing
Isn’t it Pixar’s up not Disney?
Should be playing One Piece stories: Nami, Robin, Kuma, Sr Pink, Sanji, Kuina, Ace, Sabo, I could go on…
And then a real estate developer decides they want to have someone sue him and ruin his life even more.  Don't forget who the real villain was.
You MONSTER.
I'm tearing up just thinking about it.
Sam just casually psychologically torturing his employees for entertainment.😂
I’m crying right now just remembering it
It destroyed me. I only watched it once and remembered it. Gold standard movie. Thanks Sam. U R Evil.
Sam is EVIL
The first tear found me just as this reel ended.
1st time I saw this movie, I got in about 15 minutes late, missed the entire opening sequence. I was so confused why everyone got so emotional about it. Many things confused me the 1st viewing. Cleared right up the 2nd time I watched it, the entire movie that time
NGL I teared up a little bit just at the description lol
Up is a masterclass of making you care about people without using a single word, its insane to me that they have had failures when we know what they had been capable of as a studio
*i* cried just watching Sam describe it...
Gonna follow that with the end of the Notebook and Artax from Neverending Story for dessert?
At a drive in- I don’t remember what I was seeing, but **over there** Up was playing and I watched that intro with my movies audio as it started and cried. I remember! It was Drag Me To Hell. Weird juxtaposition!
For me, it's this scene and the scene from The Help wherein Skeeter tells her mother, "You broke her heart..." Instant tears.
The thing that I love about the opeing scene is how everything comes beautifully together. The imagination, the music and the hidden beauty the lighting and color. As an Art major we were learning how very subtle light/color changes can really affect the look and feel of things. They do a wonderful job in the opening scene without it being to obvious.
It's ok, I failed this challenge too 🥺
Ran in a little late to the theater the first time I saw UP and honestly thought I walked in at the end of the movie. lol
And the studio wanted to drop the scene.
I have never not cried watching the beginning of up
SQUIRREL!
We all knew who was crying first
Speaking of obvious jokes, Wow. I did _not_ think Jess was gonna cry... 😂😂😂
Disney's "Up" hits so hard that just hearing Sam talk about it makes me get misty eyed
You monster
Diabolical 😭😭😭
"It's so sad", said while laughing
Brutal don't cry challenge.
Me thinking about “Up” directed by Michael Bay, only to lose anyway when I start crying laughing
The actual name of this challenge: Don’t have a soul.
I remember watching this in the theater. When the scene of the funeral faded to black, the silence was broken by a little girl in the front saying, "Mom, what happened to her?"  Several gasps, groans, and "Oh no's" were heard immediately after.
Youre a monster Sam.
Man I cried a river after watching up. What a time to be alive.
Is someone chopping onions?
I literally cried just watching this
As soon as he said "first 5 minutes" I knew it was Up!
Now Sam's weaponizing movies LOL
The moral is that if your story isn't over, get out and write it.  Take your experiences with you, but share them with those on the journey and share in their experiences as well.
What's Up?
sam is a villain.
The last of us scene with Sarah and Joel is also a good runner up
I lost and I wasn't even watching. lol
This episode was beautiful. I cried the whole time. I cried from Sadness, then the sheer beauty and, to pure joy❤❤.
Normal difficulty: First 5 minutes of Guardians of the Galaxy  Hard difficulty: First 5 minutes of Up  Nightmare difficulty: First 5 minuts of Arrival (especially if you know how the movie ends)
bruv i cried at sam's DESCRIPTION i'd fail so hard
I'm tearing up just from Sam describing it 😭
Sam's cruelty to his players knows no bounds...
And after that the movie sucks
I knew it was Up before they said it.
Did people really cry from the opening of Up?! That’s insane
when i saw this in the theater, there was a woman with two young girls sitting a few seats away, and i was on the verge of tears as the montage ended, and the only thing that stopped me was one of the girls going "wow, they got ooooold"
So, is Sam's other job Chief Interrogator at a dark site?
Do people actually find that sad
Ruined my makeup, thanks Sam
That is the most manipulating thing ever in dropout. I'm immediately saying, so you want me to not watch, or do you want me to cry. What do you want!!!! Cause a genuine reaction in this setting is impossible.
Don't cry challenge?!?! F you, I'm crying 😭 and I don't care that I lost the challenge. I have heart ❤️
You are a horrible person.
Dude f*** you it's the morning and I'm at work I can't be bawling at my desk!
In my head cannon he later goes to the top of a cliff to sacrifice the only thing he loves (the house) to obtain the soul stone to bring back his wife.
Sam's gone too far the man is a villain
That's Pixar's "Up," Sam
Okay, THIS is the most fucked up thing that Sam has ever done on/for Game Changer.
I'm crying just from Sam's narration. I'd be weeping if I watched the actual Up intro again.
Still a better love story than twilight
OH COME ON MAN
Up is an amazing movie!
The opening to Up is a bit sad but mostly, it is beautiful. In the end, they lived a beautiful, happy, fulfilled life together. The truly most heart wrenching opening is Finding Nemo. Marlin's hopes and dreams are crushed in an instant with no warning. The score is more simple than Up, but it's hauntingly beautiful.
I can’t even listen to the music without crying like a baby
The first 5 min of Up is probably the saddest video I've ever seen. So hard to watch and not cry. The music makes it 10x more impactful too
The first 5 minutes of Up is just the magnum opus Loss but stretched out therefore making it inferior in every single way.
Probably taking the twist away a bit for the people who haven't seen the episode.   Without saying to much for those who still haven't watched this, I always forget the twist of the episode and I'm every time in awe. This episode encapsulates the amazing direction dropout has went, how much not only Sam, but all the people involved care for each other and am so glad for the person who was the "target" of the episode. I can't not tear up through the later parts of this.  But starting with Up is still devilish
I honestly wish Up focused more on him recovering from his grief and then going to Paradise Falls instead of the plot that we had with the blimp and that whole thing. I do believe the movie plot with the dude in the zeppelin airship was done that way because Pixar and Dreamworks (I think, I’m not 100% sure) had beef. I love Up don’t get me wrong, but I wish they would’ve focused more on him processing his grief and having that movie display people moving forward, forming new friendships and relationships, and keeping their loved ones memory alive even when they’re no longer here. I love the movie Up though. It was one of my favourite movies as a kid.
Is it bad that I found that kind of funny?
Sam just talking about it made me cry
God dammit Sam, even your description got me to tear up.
i saw the movie sm as a kid im dead to that movie now. its gotta be sumn like seeing a dad abandon their kid again to make me sad
i didn’t cry when she died, but when i saw that the funeral was held in the same church they got married in?? sobbing bro
Oh man, haven't watched this Game Changer yet, but if they've got the Futurama episode with the dog I'mma just lose it....
And if I remember correctly not a single word was spoken but I could be wrong.
It's sort of implied in the movie, that the paint they used to renovate the house with was toxic and leads to her infertility.
Pffff. Up is nothing. There is way sadder stuff they could be watching.
I almost cried listening to the description
This is torture
I can't even do it when you are describing the scene!
Waiting for someone else to say that they didn’t also cry
Sam’s description unexpectedly made me tear up. Sam, you’re a menace so don’t ever stop.
You said Disney’s Up and I said that’s got me feeling down.
I remember not crying for those first 4-5 minutes of Up cause I didn’t know what was happening. All I knew was that they were happily married, no baby, and then Ellie dies. Then again I was pretty emotionally suppressed when I was a kid so maybe that had to do with my lack of tears lmao
Rehka is an absolute iron block and I love that for us
To preface, I am white. That is the perspective I operate through.  I feel like why my people do this alot is the lie of POC have advantages over white people.  Which is untrue.  I feel like what white people are really aiming for is the community described in the video. How authors of color uplift eachother in those spaces. (I'd also like to say this isn't always true either, saying poc only uplift eachother also flattens that lived experience.)  We think that support is enough to become successful or be published. So we steal it.  I also feel like this speaks to class politcs among white people, but I don't have the words for it right now.
The video game equivalent of this is watching the first 5min cutscene of Ori and the Blind Forest and trying not to cry
Sam chose violence that day
Um, actually, this is Pixar’s Up.  Disney merely distributes it. As a Bay Area resident, I must speak up. There’s even a mention of an ice cream store that is only in Oakland.
Sam is EVIL
Yo Sam’s description broke me 😭😭😭
Damn it Sam I watch Dropout to laugh not cry and rehash childhood trauma 😭
My sappy ass is losing that one every time 😂
I crued juat from Sam describing the sequence 😭
I feel like I have too much of a Hannibal Buress attitude about this movie to cry about it, you know? Losing real people makes it difficult for me to get meaningfully upset over fake ones.
I would kill at this challenge. Joke's on you, Sam! I'm dead inside!
Try not to laugh challenge
Crying just hearing him describe it!😢
A don't cry episode? "First 5 minutes of Up." You monster...
I refuse to watch the first several minutes of Up. It's the first Pixar movie that made me just feel emotionally manipulated. Up is both a great movie and the reason I don't watch every Pixar film anymore.
Genuine despair from a fuckin cartoon film.
That's literally the only part of Up I've seen lol
I have watched this movie too many times to cry at Carl and Ellie’s story, I’ve been desensitized to it 😔
I started crying as I visually imagined the film
1. Cry at this part. 2. Cry at the part where he goes through the adventure book later. 3. Almost cause an actual scene in the cinema weeping at the final shot of the film.
Sam is diabolical
i laughed, not because it’s sad but because i find it funny that people genuinely get attached to the animation and think a character dies, when really they just stop drawing that character. yeah it’s sad, but like, it’s not real? idk, maybe it’s sadistic but i don’t find pleasure in others pain so i don’t think it is, more so just how overly empathetic humans can be
Shoot, i lost the challenge just hearing Sam describe the scenes 😭
Just hearing him describe it makes it sad!
LMAO just listening to the description made me cry
Always cry at the beginning, and I think even on a gameshow to not cry I would because its one of my favorite movies. A wonderful message about how you can still have happiness after the good times end, you have to make sure to not become bitter.
I watched that scene so many times that now I *think* I'm immune!
This is gonna make me sound like a total sociopath, but I've never cried watching Up. I would nail this challenge.
I'm not even watching it OR listening to Sam and I'm already starting to cry.
Jess never stood a chance
The music during the scene makes it even sadder. I can be in the other room and hear the part where Ellie ends up in the hospital and start crying
Fuck, I shed a tear at that
My grandpa was that grieving old man from up. They nailed the mannerisms of a widow. The hand of the mailbox KILLED ME. Grandpa did little things around the house to still say Hi I love you" to grandma (who was honestly a very mean old lady, but he loved her). It was awful watching his heart break.
I don't cry easily so when I want to force myself to cry I watch the beginning of up just to be start the waterworks
GOD, HOW WOULD YOU JUST HOP RIGHT BACK TO SILLY GAME SHOW NONSENSE AFTER THAT, I NEED, LIKE, A DAY OR TWO AFTER EACH VIEWING OF UP LOL
Name of the Game, make Jess Cry
Damn his narration made in 10x worse
This is the only movie that I have completely refused to continue to watch.   In the first 5 minutes I was SOBBING. After that I turned it off and never looked back lol
Oof, that's a cruel thing to make your friends do, Sam. And your watchers. I'm crying now
Should have played Theoden's speech at the Pelennor Fields
This episode is one of the most brutal and evil episodes Sam ever thought up.
and that's the theme of today, I just want you to cry. We're actually not playing anything at all, just here's some trauma.
Where's my fucking wife goddamnit, booo!
I remember watching this episode the first time, and as soon as they brought out the laptops I was like omg don’t tell me he’s gonna make them watch up, I’d freaking cry my eyes out at that. I started feeling the sads before he even began describing what was happening, and by the end I had several tears running down my cheeks 😭 😭  Meanwhile Rekha was stone cold and didn’t shed a single tear 😂 what is that woman made of??
If they re did this it would be the scene in elemental at the end with Wade and the Eternal Flame
I started crying just by Sam's description 😭
If Brennen was here, he would be staring at the screen with the most unemotional face ever.
Michael Giacchino (or however the fuck you spell his name) goes all in in literally everything he does.
The song is called "Married Life", and it was the song my wife walked down the aisle to. If it didn't already bring me to tears watching it.. it's even more so now. Honestly has to be the best intro to a movie.  And I'm a Star Wars fanatic.  .. and then he looks after everything what she put in the book...
They told a better love story in 5 minutes with no words than most moives do in 2 hours.
Next they're watching the episode of Futurama with Frys dog.
Just the description Sam was giving nearly got me. You have to be one stone-cold MF to not feel anything at the beginning of Up.
When I first saw the movie didn’t cry at all and still don’t when watching it
Goddamnit just saying what’s happening has me tear up slightly
Didn't cry at the start when she dies. Never got to me that much. It's later, when he opens their adventure book and sees she filled it with the adventure of their life together that I bawled my fucing eyes out.
I've seen some cruel s#it on this show but this, this is diabolical.  Cut to Jake faking everyone out with: "YOU CROSSED A LINE SAM!!!"😁
sam went too far
So cruel! For a game!
It’s so sad as she laughs
Yep I'm crying thank you so much
Disney's first 5 minutes of Up is a short film by itself
True evil has a name... it is Sam.
I think I am heartless anytime I watch up I never cry
Sam and his sick mind games need to end!!! Who knows what kind of psychological trauma he'll inflict next?!
The only part of that movie that i remember
Even without watching the movie .  It's so damn sad .....😢😢
That is points away for being sad
How had they never seen up???
Hits hard even in naration.
When I introduce people to drop out and game changer I show them this episode. Might not be the first episode I show but it's the second or third.
Are you kidding me? Just Sam's description of that scene made me tear up, how are they not sobbing messes on the floor from watching it?
I've always found the beginning of up to be quite misinterpreted. Sure from Carl's perspective it's really sad, but from Ellie's perspective they lived a long and happy life together and she died smiling with the one she loved. It's exactly what everyone wants and sure you don't want to be the one who gets left behind, but I don't think it's sad to see an old person die smiling and satisfied.
Who can not cry watching this 5 first minutes because I can't
That is fucking cruel, Sam!
That movie gets me so bad, I'm sitting here crying just listening to Sam describe it. 😭
You are a cruel cruel man.
Can anyone tell me of a Disney movie that does not start on some form tragedy or sad event.
I'm literally crying just from the description 😢
People keep forgetting the scene in up that has made me cry WAY more times than the scene they watched. Its close to the end of the movie, and Mr. Frederickson is sitting in his home looking through his wifes old Adventure Book, as he thinks he reaches the end, he sees that his wife filled the rest of that book with their moments together while married, and the very last page says "thanks for the adventure, now go have a new one!"  Gets me every time man.
I am the middle of three sisters, and when Up came out, my younger sister was 6, and my older sister was 9. We went to see Up in the theater as a family: my parents and us three girls. According to my dad, he spent a good portion of the movie apologizing for our crying.
The first 5 min of up is stupid they should of went on the damn trip they wasted their whole life maintain the shit house for nothing
Damn you suck sam. You got me Lol
Not that bad, try watching the last 5min of Arthur the King, flipping movie playing ding bat with your emotions
Well yes, but before that there is a movie about Charles Muniz and a meeting at a secret clubhouse. It’s more like the emotional five minutes of the opening
I'mma be honest, I've seen Up plenty of times but it never made me cry. Like it's unfortunate, but I don't exactly have enough investment in the characters in the first five minutes to be particularly torn up. Ya wanna know a scene that *did* make me cry though? The ending of Tinkerbell and the Legend of the Neverbeast. It made me significantly more sad than Up ever could.
This is not a fair challenge,  if you don't tear up at the beginning of up you need to take a test for sociopaths
Ugggg!!! That wrecked me! My grandmomma’s name was Ellie and the old man looked like my granddaddy. They had both passed away right before it came out so it was a raw memory.
I could do this challenge both ways, I could make myself cry from this or not. Depending on the requirement 😅
Brennan would straight face through the whole thing and then go along with some impeccable dialogue
I’m sorry, but asking someone not to cry during the first five minutes of Up is like asking Brennan to pretend to like NFTs for five points.
It's a great scene but unfortunately I only cry for deaths in Yakuza games now
Something I learned from this episode: apparently, giving someone a ride from the airport is the mark of true friendship.
Force them to watch Hachi no dry eyes will be in that room
I have never fucking cried during that movie
I never cried during any of the Pixar movies
I didn't cry when i watched the movie i have a heart of stone
I laughed at this scene the last time I watched it, thanks dad
Womp womp
I only need to here the music and it gets me. How was this a kids movie.
It's Pixar's Up, not Disney's Up!
This man explained it better than animator
*AHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH-*
Ive watched it so much the scene is impeded in my brain, I'm crying just thinking about it 😭
I have failed this challenge Every. Single. Time
If Brennan was on this episode he would be completely straight faced the whole way through.
This might be Sam’s most evil deed ever
In the clip of the first five minutes, she often helps him tie his tie, and you see at her funeral his is wearing a bow tie, as she is not there to tie it for him.
jess is the only person to say "its so sad!" while laughing and smiling
Up really dropped the best opening in history and followed it up with a mediocre movie at best
I did not cry at the beginning of up, and im a huge baby. I just wasn’t invested
I was playing clown music in my head the whole while
Jess: We laugh so we don’t cry”
Yeah i lost
I am far too jaded for a challenge like this
Man, sam describing that scene nearly made me cry
I am heartless. I don't cry while watching Up
Why do I feel like Jess Does this challenge Daily?
I cannot stand Ed Asner; he was active with Autism Speaks before he passed away. Up still makes me sob anyway.
ASMR
Brennan: "Bitch shouldn't of gone outside".
I couldn't even listen to Sam's synopsis without getting teary-eyed, you sonnuvabitch!
I started crying just listening to him describe it
man I just love Jess <3
Only movie that ever made me cry is A Star is Born. Just too relatable. Movies don’t really do it for me
The intro of Up makes people sadder than the conclusion of Schindler's list.
gg ez no re The intro to Up never did it for me. You introduced the characters and immediately try to kick me in the emotional groin in under 5 minutes. I dont have nearly enough emotional investment in any of the characters, and when I rewatch, I'm more irritated by the attempt at an emotional suckerpunch than I am sad.
Am I the only one who doesn't think that scene is sad? They have a long and happy life together. From friggin' childhood. People would crawl over corpses for a piece of that!
Oh I could avoid crying at this
Your an aminal
I started crying just listening to Sam describe it
This is cruel and unusual punishment 😤
I cried just listening to him. Fucking Disney movies!!! 😂😭😭😭
I cried listening to sam describe the first five minutes of up
Good job now I'm crying 😂😭 that's what you wanted ain't it?
“Disney is  sooo woke”- Up is all about a white man and his wife who buy land early, have no children and save all their money for a chance at a trip that doesn’t have flights, or the wife dies and the man becomes cranky, stays in the house and refuses to allow building development, gaslights a child trying to help and achieve a personal goal until the child nearly dies. Carl is a boomer Republican 1000%. Carl and Ellie could have adopted a child but Carl’s cranky attitude says he didn’t like adoption or ethnic people.
the first 5 minutes of UP is a soul check
Just hearing the description has me crying again
Damn you Sam Reich! You made me cry just hearing you describe it.
I have watched this movie ONCE and ONCE ONLY for this very reason.
Remember, we saw moments, but they were together a very long time.
You guys wanna cry within a few minutes? Look up Trois Petits Chats. I could cry just thinking about that damn short film
The one and only time I watched the first five minutes of Up, it was right after my husband had nearly died and ended up in the hospital for an entire month, half of which was in a coma. My grandfather was also watching with me, but his wife had recently passed. We ended up excusing ourselves to the kitchen where we sat in silence with a tissue box between us.
Oh no
Good start for a tear jerker.  However, they should have done the last 10 minutes of Schlinders List.  From the "I could have saved one more" to the end.
Next up, 3 full hours of a baby chimp trying to revive it's dead mother
That narration though
I didn't even visually watch it and I still failed with your describing it, good narration
You monster
Every time I watch that, or other sad things, I just kinda smile or laugh to myself. Same with most things tbh. Like, damn, that sucks, but I'm never really moved by it. Which is honestly kinda concerning now that I think about it.
Wow dude
There’s such a delightful emotional disconnect between the incredible sadness that’s being described in the short, and the boundless love and warmth that the episode ends up being. If you have Dropout, or are thinking about getting it, I can’t recommend this episode enough.
Your description alone almost had me in tears!
ok i loved this episode of game changer so much tho‚ it made ALL of my party cry 🥹
This was the first movie I ever saw in theaters when I was a kid, and I didn’t understand this scene well enough to be too sad about it. But the movie did contribute to my fear of dogs so that’s something.
The best part is watching it with some friends of mine I was about to cry, but the asshole of the group started funneling tissues into her face which made things hilarious and I could not stop laughing xD
bro this made me cry and i didn’t even see the clip 💀
For a real tear jerker, watch Old Yeller.
The most effective scene in all of film
You gotta watch the cut scene from this episode where Sam makes them count down how many visits they have left with their parents based in age and frequency if visits. It was rough
I'd lose.
I’ve seen it so many times and tear up every time. The whole movie is a delight, but that opening montage is pure perfection in emotionally devastating storytelling.
Was there a point to showing them this, or did he just want to make them cry for fun?
Damn, Sam nails the storytelling of the opening scene SO WELL. Ooofff.
Oh God, I can't even think about it without feeling sad
This show has just become SAW with comedy....somebody get Sam a puppet and a tricycle.
Pixar’s Up
If you don't cry at that, you lack empathy and might be a psychopath, just sayin'
Grave of The Fireflies. [Mic Drop]
I would fail this challenge INSTANTLY
Sam just wants to torture his participants in all sorts of ways and they keep coming back
Being young and innocent is crying at the first 5 minutes of Up.  Growing up is crying when he sacrifices the things he cared about in the past to save what he cares about in the present.
Up ain't got shit on the Seymour episode of futurama.
If they played the short kit bull they'd get me. That thi g makes me cry every Time
Wall-e's death and when Eve brings him back and he's not himself anymore. Tears!
I have mastered not crying at this scene. stare consistently at his jawline. notice how alarmingly pointy and square it is. ignore the scene. the jaw is the wat
I haven’t seen the movie up in years last time I saw it was when I was young and oblivious so listening in to Sams monologue about the first scene of The movie gives me a deeper understanding of what’s happening in that scene then when I first watched it and now I feel extremely sad
Bruh. I've never seen Up, but this explanation is kinda chocking. I would turn into a puddle if I saw that scene.
I don't think I've ever cried or come close to crying in any Disney film. I was told about Up and watched it in theatres, I didn't feel anything, I sort of laughed though because it was predictable. Made me feel soulless.   I did, however, cry SO FUCKING HARD during the latter quarter of episodes of the tv show 18 Again because it reminded me of my late father. So it's two extremes. Either I have no feelings, or I cry myself dry until I die.
I'm crying rn without even watching it 😭
Um actually they didn't build the house, they renovated it.  Wrong show? Oh I'm sorry.
Even just listening to him describe it makes me want to cry
I teared up listening ng to him describe it
A good coping machanism is to make fun of them. "Learn how babies work, idiots!" (FYI: I like this movie, but this is how my mom figured out how to not cry at the beginning.)
the man sat alone at his wife's funeral holding a balloon that's identical to the one that caused them to meet when they were kids messes me up
Illegal move
I REMEMBER when this movie came out. I was so blindsided and upset at the first 5 minutes of up.
She says while laughing... 💀
sam is EVIL
God fucking damn it! It's so vivid in my memory that the narration is enough to make me cry! 😭
Haven't rewatched the movie in so long, and I can still remember that soundtrack.
There's only 2 movies that ever were able to make me cry: 1. The lion king (you know which scene - it gets me everytime because i experienced something similar) 2. That first scene in UP  That scene hits hard
"It's so sad" I'd believe you more if you weren't laughing
The impossible challenge.
If I had been there, the moment the video started my head would have snapped up and I'd have glared at Sam before muttering "You bastard", all while tears stream down my face.  Seriously, UP is one of those movies that just left my heart a tattered mess by the end.
Yea, I needed this cry right now. Thanks :)
You don't even need to see it, just hearing someone describe it is enough.
WHY AM I CRYING FROM THE DESCRIPTION????
I just love how they made this episode into a “why we love Jess” and everyone prepared the most heartwarming letters and her & Kait got married by Bob The Dragqueen❤❤❤❤❤
Back when Disney actually gave a shit.
I feel nothing when watching that part of UP. Not sure if I'm broken or not.
It would've been kinda funny to see Brennan staring at the screen with a completely dead expression, not even a sliver of emotion.
She rlly said "it's so sad🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣"
I don’t get why people think it’s sad, the first time I watched up I didn’t even react.  Now that I think about it maybe I just had a bad childhood, but we don’t talk about that😂
Shut up Sam!!!😭😭😭
If you don't cry at the first 5 minutes of Up, you have lost at being alive.
I’ve seen it so many times that my heart is dead inside and I no longer cry at Up
Step one how to make a man cry
That scene hit me hard when I first saw it.  My father had died a few months prior and I saw it listed on the movie channel,  and I thought 'cool a fun animated movie about an old guy a kid and a dog.' I cried more than at the funeral.
Bro just listening to the description of the video made me cry WTF
He just described it and I started to tear up 😿
For some reason "Polar Express" hit me at the end, instantly rewatched it Anybody else?
Up did not make me cry.  BUT RIDE YOUR WAVE OOOOOOFFF I bawled uncontrollably
The full episode of this is honestly the most wholesome thing I've ever seen on television
honestly tho, i would win this challenge lmao ive trained myself to cry only when i want to
I literally heard this while my parents were talking. So I just heard, “ ‘the husband was broken’ Yeah so just heat up the Macaroni”
I literally heard this while my parents were talking. So I just heard, “ ‘the husband was broken’ Yeah so just heat up the Macaroni”
This would make me cry, so would the ending Homeward Bound when Shadow finally limps to his boy.
"The culmination of love is grief.  And yet we love despite the inevitable.  We open our hearts to it."        -Faye, GoW Ragnarok
I can tell the entire movie with nothing wrong because it one of my favourite movies
How have they not watched this movie before it is a classic
I've never cried during the opening of Up and I don't know why people cry during it
:(
i heard someone edited the ending of Up where he's looking through the picture book with the scenes from the beginning. That sounds worse than Thai life insurance commercials
*Yeah, I'm a psycho, I would won that challenge*
I saw this movie the day after my great grandma died and I projected my great grandpa into it and I have never been able to watch the first five minutes since. I have to leave the room.
Why didn't I cry?
I don't know if I don't have emotion for TV or something but I had no reaction to up
Up is one of my favorite childhood movies. Everything about it is so wholesome, sweet, with a bit of sadness.
He's telling us the first minutes of up like it just came out and no one knows what the hell it is
Bro I almost cried just with the description
I don't really cry at that sort of thing. No, no I cry at the end of captain America the winter soldier when Bucky realised who he was. Okay c'mon, he looked so horrified and he saved his life as well! With the music as well... I was in tears man
That was my favorite part
And that my friends is a skill issue😈
I’ve never cried to the movie up before.
Who hasn't watched up?
I'm a mess it's 4 am in Australia 🙏😢😭🥺💔did not expect this
Should have used one of the scenes from spirit: stallion of the Cameron.
Am I the only 1 who for 1st time seeing this didnt cry, I've seen it since ans still haven't, I just make myself cry tj look normal around others when watching it
I cried amd i wasnt even looking to see if the clip was playing
I only seen it once, and I’m not watching it rn, but just the memory of it conjured a tear
Bro I wasn’t even watching it and I still got misty eyed wtf 😫
Ha-ha! You have emotions!  Me and my Dark Passenger can watch Up on repeat. Buy some flowers? Watch a snuff film? No real difference other than you have to pay more for the film.
I have wat it a million times and it still gets to me 🥺
Weird thing, I *never* cry during movies.   unlessit'sthemugentrainmoviebutwedon'ttalkaboutthat.
It's okay, you're only human 😢
Even the description made me cry
I’ve seen every Pixar movie and the only time something on the tv made me cry was Jurassic bark from futurama.
This move came out a little while after my first pregnancy which ended in a miscarriage. When I tell you my husband and I sobbed watching that part and held each other... It still hurts
This movie made my parents cry and it did not help that Carl's wife and I have the same name.
If you don't cry on the first 5 minutes of UP... Well, everyone's different, but you might want to see someone about that...
It’s so sad she says while she’s laughing
I was in some weird "class" where we got to watch up and i was at the front (did not cry) i looked back to just see who did 87% did
I would win this so easily
This is like shooting them in the leg and calling it the “Don’t Bleed Challenge”
Disney got really fucking dark with their Pixar movie openings for a while there, especially with Up and Finding Nemo...
I never cried during that movie-
L
Up made me cry. The Grave of the Fireflies made me bawl and broke me.
Nope cant do it, even hearing it described brings it all flooding back
"it's so sad" *laughs hysterically*
How many people are laughing while they say, “It’s so sad.”
SAM IS SO CRUEL
That isn't sad, it's just boring af
Bro I tear up with the description of events
I love that comedy movie. That's the funniest scene
The first five minutes were the best and should've just been a short. Maybe having him help Russel with some of troop stuff and becoming a grandpa figure to him instead of the weird adventure
I’d win this challenge
Bro I cried at his DESCRIPTION OF THE SCENE
I've tried to rewatch UP like a thousand times...but everytime I stop at the starting NOTES of the intro.  So I'm going to say one thing...making them watch 5 MINUTES OF IT?!. Sir YOU ARE A MONSTER!! 😭
i wanted a good laugh but ended up crying 😭
I’ve watched up so much as a kid that if you showed me the beginning, My face would just be,😐 all throughout.
I haven't seen a single frame of that scene for years and this short alone was enough to yank a few legit tears out of me
I don't cry easy so I feel like this would be easy lol😂
bruh imagine having emotions
I would be so good at this challenge I don't feel my emotions half the time
Your lying if you say you never cried during that part once
I was waiting for someone to yell out “sucker”
Do the owl house
Watch the first ten seasons of red vs blue. Then tell me you didn’t cry at the last episode of season 10. Then the end of season 13. Actually season 9 ends in a pretty sad way too
The fact I know what's happening just by his description really hits me.
I’m a terrible person I was laughing almost the whole time...
When I watched that move for the 1st time my face was straight no emotions nothing
I never cried to the opening of up
Not me crying just from the description
He got so alone he kidnapped the little Asian kid
That's devilish. You monsters.
Would be nice to have a life like that ngl too bad it'll never happen for me 🙂
I never cry when I see this scene. Call me heartless by I don't cry at scenes like this.I also didn't cry when mufasa died cause it takes alot to make me cy
Even i cried
Is it bad that knowing the story I still cried at just the description of the intro... And I'm not a  crier
Then carl (the old man) accidentally hits mark zuckerburg in the head which leads to a lawsuit
The words “fox and the hound” will automatically make me burst into tears. I’m actually sobbing after writing this comment
The first 10 minutes of UP! Should be banned.  I will never let my children see it. It’s like the backstory for John Wick, but far more cruel.
I’m victorious! I didn’t cry watching it! I just watched it for the first time a few minutes ago after watching this vid 💪🏻
The meme< emotional damage< Is this video
Yeah, I don't know why that made me tear up. I know what happens but, the description was so sad.
I was waiting for "crying gives you no points this round."
I cried from Sam telling the plot
i would start laughing-
why did sams description make me tear up
https://youtu.be/MWsBmt1VXWM
Literal tears 😭
Plot twist: Rekha receives no points for refraining from crying at “Up.”
I started crying
JFC I'm not even watching the damn thing and I'm tearing up.
I cried just listening to his description LMAO emotional manipulation
I cried just hearing the explanation 😭
Somehow I knew that Jess would be the one to break.
I cried when I first saw up but I think the over saturation in our "culture" about the beginning of up has desensitized me.
I would be fine, I have no soul.  Lost it a while ago.
I would love to try this because i only cry for one thing
I couldn't keep from crying
This is the second thing guaranteed to make me cry fastest. The first is that scene in the fox and the hound where the old lady leaves the fox in the forest and drives away
I'm soulless, so it wouldn't affect me.
Not gonna lie, that first portion of the movie messed me up. Man that was rough
Holy hell they went through a plethora of emotion, the roll coaster is still to much 🥲
It's a vignette bobby
This is unwinnable unless you have a medical condition that prevents tears or you are a broken,soulless, monster.
Nobody:  Me: *smiles though the entire thing*
I just can't cry unless it's irl
I’ve never cried watching that part. It’s very sad tho
The last time I cried at a tv show was when rick left morty for the two crows in that one episode
I do not care
Up is the story of a selfish coward who ruined his wife’s life and dream and finally accomplishes it at her place
I was totally ok...then the music started...
I hate two movies from Disney up and soul
STOP my friend used to play just the theme and I’d immediately just be emotional lol I’d lose at this challenge for sure
Is it just me or do other people not cry at Up? I find it sad, but I don't really cry when watching it.
Man I wished I could cry at anything emotional but Im just stone faced
Wtf I come here for laughs and gaffs not feels…
He kinda missed narrating the best part though. They'd basically given up on their dream, finding it again, but the  her dieing before they can.
still a better love story then twilight
I’m unbreakable for laughter but crying is my true downfall, even the description made me remember and cry 😭😞
Imagine he went to the gym instead.
Some of the best actors and actresses memorized the first five minutes of Up to help them genuinely weep on command
Dude I just played the whole movie in my head after you said what they were seeing 😂
Luckily soon after it quickly turns around by him basically saying "fuck you all I'm out" and activates his 20 million balloons
I would be laughing my ass off😭 I cope with sadness by laughing
Up is cheating
Is it wrong that I’ve never cried while watching up?
For some reason it's really hard for me to cry, so I would absolutely dominate this
Come on man you can’t just bring out a tactical nuke without warning
I need a dropout series of 5 minute long clips with just Sam narrating sad scenes
I need a dropout series of 5 minute long clips with just Sam narrating sad scenes
Some of the best four minutes ever committed to cinema. A legendary montage that makes this one of my favorite movies
No… that’s too sadistic
*_”It’s so sad 😂🤣”_*
Sad sure, but also the happiest fate anyone can hope for
How narration was sadder than the actual scene
It’s really not that sad
The first 5 minutes of UP was both wonderful and depressing at the same time ~ and, to this very day, I will maintain the opinion that it is STILL a Waaaaaaaaaaay better love story than the entire Twilight saga.
as someone who doesnt cry at funerals, yes, i did infact cry at the first 5 minutes. i just dont care about death im not a fucking psychopath
I’ve seen up and it made me freaking cry every time
see u can describe it but its fucking NOTHING without those first 3 piano notes
This would be really easy for me I’ve never cried watching a show before
You are a monster
I'd lose. Pisces always cry for stupid shit like Disney and weddings
Godammit. This had me crying just at the description. I hate the start of that movie!
Ngl I would laugh
She got led poisoning from the old house since it was built before the 40s, which made her infertile, made her bones weak and die in her 60s-70s…
Yall soft asf fr or just a women
“its so sad 🤣💀”
I feel nothing
I’ll do you one better: watch the Mufasa gets trampled scene where Simba says goodbye to his dad, or even the final 10 minutes of Toy Story 3 😭
im gonna arive
Honestly films just dont make me cry. My brain just goes chill out bro its not real. Only thing that gets through is if an animal gets hurt like in I am legand.
May I recommend for this series “leaves from the vine” from avatar
First five minutes and then it's fun and real adventure
Now THATS torture
Thats it... sam is evil.
the first 5 minutes of Up is one of the best scenes that ive ever seen in my life
L
I dont find it sad?
Even Sam describing it make me tear up hard.
I only cried once during that and I've seen it many times
This is torture… really not fair for them… if you have never seen it, it hits you like a truck. If you have seen it, you already know what comes next and you start crying before second 2…
I cry at that scene every time without fail
I also get the same feels watching the Happier music video by Marshmello and Dan Smith
Those 5 minutes had more real material in them than most Disney movies combined.
The concept of that scene gets harder and harder for me the older I get. It's meaning deepens every year.
When he sums it up like that it makes it sound like a horrible movie Trust me the movie is good
I cried along with the whole episode ❤ you guys have a beautiful friendship with your co-creators
I raise you the last 40 seconds of the Jurassic bark episode of futurama where Fry's dog spends his entire life waiting for fry to come home.
I am already crying by listening to Sam. Up was a fantastic film
I cried at the description 😅
Everyone: *crying*  Rekha: “Aww, anyways, Sam where did you grow up”
Am... I the only one who doesn't find ups opening sad? Granted I have watched it in like, 8 years, but still.
Up in general always makes me cry. It's just an old man learning to live again
It's amazing how even without seeing it, I started crying. Just him talking about it was enough
I think him describing it is the first sort of emotion o have had about the beginning of up.
Two seconds later he concusses a man with his cane. The man later died due to head trauma. Guys a killer.
Sometimes I fort get people actually like that movie
Challenges like this always make me feel weird, because I don't really cry when watching movies. Like, I respond emotionally to sad moments, but it's almost always internal. I only really have an external response if it hits _super_ close to home.
Am i weird cause i genuenly dont feel sad or anything while watcing up?
I feel horrible for laughing
I avoid up better than how I avoid my problems, this is the reason why
y did the description alone make me tear up WTFFF😭😭😭
Jess is such a sweetheart, I love her
I rewatched the scene after and literally started crying
The moment when we saw that he had actually bought the tickets for them to travel felt like a sucker punch in the gut. . . I still tear up
I would be the person who would laugh when she was in the hospital bed
I've never cried at this film, I get it's sad, but it's just a film, not worth crying over. In fact, I've never cried at a film. Don't see why people do.
I don’t know why but I didn’t read the title and still instinctively knew that they were probably watching UP, I spent most of the clip being shocked at that
I fucking cried at Sam describing it ffs
Tbh the only movie that has made me emotional is revenge of the sith because it tells you so much more without actually saying it. For instance: Anikan is just like how he was when he was a boy on tatooine, being taken advantage of, they show that the jedi council is taking advantage of him by making him  spy on palpatine, someone who actually understands and cares about him. Also putting him on the council without giving him what he wanted most, the recognition of being a jedi master. He started his jedi career wanting to be the best he could possibly be, but when he got MILLIMETERS away from that final goal, the council just slapped him in the face with a pufferfish by not making him a master. (idk if this next part is actually true or not, just somthing i thought of) He probably wanted to prove that anyone could make it to the top, but they just gave him a whack on the face. And saying it was stupid for him to be complaining about not being a master, is completely WRONG,  as i said earlier, he was just a boy born into a corrupt life with everything to prove, and he was about to get to the final thing and they just did not care (except obi wan ofc)
Imagine falling, couldn't be me.
Is it bad I never cried in the first 4 or 5 minutes of UP?
"I'm not crying over a movie where a dude's hands are the same size as his body"
First I watched that film I cried so much
I dunno why… but I feel like This particular challenge should be easy for me, and instead a try not to laugh, because we Vossk find human Suffering funny
Weak
Dude I would be laughing my ass off cuz I’m a psychopath 🤣🤪 (not really but I would be laughing 😆)
Hahaha- me and my friends always laugh during up ( we have a HUGE inside joke)
Am I just a heartless soul? I have never _formed_ a tear at this
Bro I’ve never cried at this movie
Ive never cried in up do i not have a soul
IM NOT CRYING YOUR CRYING!!!!
I can't remember the last time I watched Up, but I know that I watched it a million times, and that part never ceased to amaze me. Even with the lack of dialogue, it's sad enough to make you want to cry
I cried just from this video
Is it bad that I’m trying not to laugh at them trying not to cry
Did anyone actually cry during up?
Pretty easy to not react could be me but it really isnt hard
Only movie to make me cry
Just hearing about makes me cry. There's little that triggers a cry quite like Up
The other two trying not to cry: looking sad Rheka trying not to cry: hmm interesting
Down
Was I the only kid to never cry during up?
Him: she fell and ended up in the hospital. Me: *laughs*
When I heard you say they’re watching the first five minutes of up I audibly shouted you monster
“yeah I cry at animated movies” - 🤓
this is cruel
I bet you would never be able to make me cry
Brk i think thats the movie "up"
While yes this is a sad seen I never cried i just never felt attached to the characters
I love this movie and a friend had never watched it. So, I started the movie and then walked into the other room trying to wait out the sadness....I full on ugly cried anyway just thinking about it while not watching 🙃
Him narrating made it just outright depressing
I laughed when she died
Me, who's seen the movie way too many times " easy. I don't cry easily"
I was the only person who didn't cry During Up. Eve
If i was one of them i would have just stood there with a slight smile in my face just to creep the living shish out to them. xD
Omg it fr gets me everytime
I always cry at this scene
Nah me laughing
“It’s so sad!!!” Proceeds for laugh
Up just destroys you ngl.
Am I.. one of the few ppl who don't cry at the beginning of up or any part
I would win this cuz my tear ducts are blocmed
Why did just your description of what they’re watching make me cry!
🙁😟😢😟😞
This is low even for game changers lol
You forgot that he finally had enough money to make their dream trip come true.. on that last picnic he was gonna reveal it
HaHa
This is inhumane you can't do this to people this is cruel
Bruh I would have Easily won that lol
I’m crying and I did t even see the movie😭
Up is so saf
Bro his description was so sad and I could imagine everything
Not me crying from his description and my memories of it
I am not crying I am just cutting onions
Easy. Only time I’ve ever cried was Han Solo’s death and Marley’s death. Gonna have to try harder than that.
i’m crying now fr
"As time goes by the couple gets older" Ah yes, the floor is made out of floor.
Dawg you can't do that it made me feel sad and im not even watching you don't mess with up
I love how she laughed. I did too
The narration of what happened hit harder than I remember the scene hitting.
I show this to know if my friends has emotions or not. Worked every time.
i just heard your description and i'm crying
I don’t think up is sad  Edit: I found inside out more sad cuz you know, bing bong.
This is why I have never and will never watch this movie.
Before you know it they're old and gray   That's awfully close to gay
As a child, my parents yelled at me for laughing at this.
I quess I missed the part that sje couldn't have kids
Bro I scrolled down to this from a theory about Up. YouTube u up to smth?
After I got my second covid vaccine I was out of it and ended up just turning on Up, watching the sad part and then turning it off-
pixar doesnt play
Couldn‘t finish this clip.
I'm not * sobbing * I'm not crying * sobbing * you are
I cried just from him talking about it 😭😅
I’ve never cried at the UP intro
I feel like a monster for never crying at that scene
I even cried at just the description 😆
I not even watching but I have seen it so many times that I'm able to imagine and cry....
There are few constants in the world. One of them is that I WILL cry while watching the first part of up.
i was jus listening to him explaining it and i’m now crying
Am I weird? I never found this sad.
dude i cried from the description alone
I'm not crying you are 😭✌️
I didn’t cry during up, instead oceans came from my eyes as I saw this man being crushed by the weight of death in life
The house killed elly IT HAD LEAD IN THE HOUSE!!!!!
Watched this on a plane knowing damn well I was setting myself up to be an absolute wreck in front of a large amount of strangers
It’s the only part of the movie I remember - brilliant but it completely washes out the rest of the movie which must have been pretty mediocre.
Idk, whenever I watch the opening scene in up I always associate it to my grandma and yall I can't 😭
That is the 1 scene from and movie that makes me consistently cry, it's such a good movie
i’ve never watched the whole movie but i’ve watched the first part that was in this and didn’t cry. if u cry from it can u tell me why it makes you cry? i’m genuinely curious
I'm not even watching it and I'm tearing up, damn you Pixar.
I thought he was gonna say gay instead of gray
I knew it was gonna be “Up” right when the video started
Nah. Not as sad as Fox and the Hound. One picture of the old lady, not even the whole scene, and. Can find me absolutely balling my eyes out.
It's one of those scenes that's easier not to cry during when you haven't watched it before. Knowing where it's going makes it worse IME. 🥲  It's a lesson in visual storytelling. There's music during the scene Sam describes, but not a single word. They're not needed.
Me, who uses angst as a coping mechanism and entertainment: you underestimate my power
The way he phrases it is way sadder than the movie
Impossible Mode: watch the same thing but hungover
He forgot to mention the husband and wife were shown being friends since young kids so they literally were huge parts of each others lives from say, 6 years old.
Feel like I’ve seen this so many times I’ve been desensitized to it
I've never cried during up
I would lose cause that sh*t gets me, every time.
I just watched Up for the first time. 😭
I've watched that movie 20 times and I've never cried
I don't think i ever cry watching up....
Despite the fact that part of what’s great about up is the fact that all of the stuff said is conveyed wordlessly. The narration of the scene got me
It hurts even more when you realize that throughout the montage she ties his tie and during her funeral he's wearing a clip-on bow tie
I think this one was just a tad cruel, Sam.
IMPOSSIBLE
That is the funniest part.
I never cried watching up
Years ago I had to explain the beginning of the movie to my British friend because he didn't understand why they spent their life savings when she got sick.
They think that's bad they should watch Leaves from a vine
Easy
I cried at the fucking narration. Goddamnit.
Me who doesny cry easily just by watching movies: Amatuers
Wow, I have seen this and your description of it gave me chills.
Bro how is this a challenge bro that's too ez
What do you mean sad? That's the funniest shit I've seen.
dude idk if I’m like a sick human being but I legit don’t get sad at the first 5 minutes of up
u simply describing it is making me cry
Actually… Ellie wasn’t crying because she couldn’t get pregnant, it was because she miscarried.
I think i have no heart
I'm crying just listening to Sam describe it
I was a kid when I first watched up. It was kind of confusing for a dumbass 5 year old who didn’t know what was happening. I kept watching and for some reason I felt so sad, but I didn’t know why lol. I should totally watch it again
This is cruel and unusual 😭
So then, years later, as he is still mourning his wife, he decides to finish the dream they had. So, he buys hundreds of balloons, destroys government property, kidnaps small Asian boy to replace his dead wife, then proceeds to break almost every law in existence
my mum still thinks I need an exorcism because I didn't cry and forgot about it by the end of the movie. I also don't like church, because I keep getting holy water on my glasses and it pisses me off.
I used to watch Up a lot of time when I was a kid but I didn't cry because I didn't know what was going on but now when I watch it again, I started crying because I just realized how sad it actually is.
Bro ngl i literally laughed
Do one better than that: have them listen to "13 horses".
criminal torture
😐this was me the entire time I think I have no emotions
I have no soul. I will not shed a tear if it means securing the bag.
Nothing can make me cry except my three weekness’s. Footage of my late mother, tales of ba sing se, and onions.
I failed :'(
I've never cried in a movie. I also haven't ever seen up  But I also laughed WAY too hard when watching the titanic soooo
Up
Up
"It's so sad"  Proceeds to laugh
You can't watch Up without crying/thinking you're gonna cry. 👇
I don’t have sympathy :/
Why are my eyes so sweaty all of a sudden ? ? ? Salty, salty, sweat.
Up
People cry to this funny stuff
i have never cried because of Up. I'm just hard to make cry
He would make a great fortune cookies
I hate to say it but I'd laugh
Yo, why they be cryin, it never made me sad.
This man woke up and choosed pain.
Watching it, no shot. Hearing the synopsis, I’m definitely winning this challenge.
When he said first five minutes I knew it was "up" I've never seen it because I'm an adult but I hear it's sad.
I'm picturing the up sad theme
The only comfort I have in that is they still had a happy life together, and they spent their whole lives together.
Imma be honest I laughed at that movie
I don’t really cry in emotional movies- I always laugh hysterically. It makes me look like a monster, but up makes me wanna cry 😢
The three quotes that will make me cry:  “Then the sun and stars hello for me” -bob the titan  “Bon says hello” -Percy Jackson  “It was a pretty good plan, you could even say it was the greatest—“ -Charles Calvin
Wow. That is... Straight up evil.
Good afternoon my name is Russell!
Legit cried from Sam's description. Saw Up in the theater the first time. Had me openly weeping.
Do not worry my children, she is in heaven
easy challenge
Also, the wife always helped her husband do his tie, and when she died, to her funeral, the husband wore a bowtie because he didn't know how to tie a tie. 🥺
Bro I would be laughing my ass off
Every single time I see the intro to up I don't cry. Never have never will
If you don't cry at the first five minutes of up I think you have no soul
When i first wat hed it i was too small to understand the movie so i didnt cry the first time. When i watched it the second time i felt sad but i didnt cry because i was too desensitized.
Is it bad I showed no emotion during that scene
Disney deserves an award for this movie, or at least this part. Create a new award or something but please
I literally have put up watching this movie since I was a little kid because every time I even started watching it I what's sob, I still haven't seen the full movie because I saw them every time I see the first 3 minutes of it
Weak
Up
This is one scene that can make everyone cry.
Nah shoulda been the Petrified Ash scene from Pokémon the First Movie
Up isn't that hard to watch without crying. Atleast for me it's a super easy challenge
You didn't even have to explain it. But when you did, I almost.. Almost, felt a tear.  Too bad my emotions are basically dead.
It’s that bit when he is sat alone at the funeral that makes me cry
That scene always gets me….
i always cried at the very happy ending not the sad beggining
I teared up from the Sam’s description
I’ve never cried to that scene and I feel awful about it
My favorite Disney (I’m aware it’s Pixar) movie
When i saw this sequence, I laughed
I’m pretty sure this falls legally under the grounds of inhumane treatment. Torture, and if we can claim this to be at war, war crimes. The first 5 or so minutes of UP can make Psychopaths FEEL sad.
I could win this challenge so easily I RARELY cry at shows
I didn’t even start to have tears, I am a robot!
Why did him explaining it make me cry 💀💀💀
It gets exponentially sadder if you include the fan theory that in the scene before he meets the little boy, he actually died and the boy is either also dead or an incarnation of the reaper helping him come to grips with passing into the afterlife. After all, all dogs go to heaven!
Surpringly enough, I only cried when animals were being abused during Up.
We watched this in a film class to talk about how pixar sets up their films and everyone was just vibin and I was outright sobbing by the scene in the gynecologist office and everyone was like “she didn’t die yet” and I was like “all they ever wanted was a baby 😭”
Watching this I thought: “Well, I’ve seen this movie before. I wouldn’t have cried…” Yet I started crying hearing his recap lmao
If you’ve seen It’s Always Sunny, this scene is sad but it makes me laugh now
I MAY HAVE NO TEARS LEFT TO SHED *_BUT I'M MORE SAD THAN I NORMALLY AM_*
How did I know before he said Up?? 😭
What makes this better for me is that I always laugh at the beginning of up
never cried while watching something
That part of Up ALWAYS makes me cry
I have no idea how people get depressed from that it's sad I get that but like what are you seven try not to cry from the first 5 minutes of up I'm pretty sure I was more sad at the finale of beastars and that she was epic
When you didn’t cry watching this scene: “what am I supposed to feel?”
🧢
I laughed during that part.
Jess is such a sensitive soul. She seems like she cries over romance movies and sad movies.
This is exactly why I don't watch up as soon as click play I start balling and don't stop till the end of the movie 😭
If it was about dogs or really any animal I'd cry, otherwise, I don't get the big deal, yes it's cute but like🤷😂 great movie tho
I shit you knot. I was with my dad, my grandpa and step grandpa when I saw this when it came out.  My grandma leaned over to me and asked “this is a kids movie right?”  I never wanted to laugh and cry so hard in my life.  Love you Grammee 💚
almost no movie can make me cry
The worst part is I wouldn't cry, I'd laugh
I would win 🥇 I never cry when watching things. People call me heartless I know 🫠🫣😏
The way I would CRUSH this challenge!! I don't cry for NOTHING!
Im a monster that has never actually cried from any movie, book, game or show  Ive gotten close with some games and a movie or two, but not even close enough to feel my eyes starting to well up   Oh and none were disney related
The whole point of good story telling in animation is that you don't need a voice over telling you what is going on...
I didn’t cry but I laughed :>
Such a sad scene gets me everytime.
I'm not crying my eyes are just sweaty !!!!
Heh. Funny.
Why the hell am I crying now 😭? Oh no
Wanted one of them to take off the headphones and nonchalantly say "they could've adopted" lmao
I cried during this episode lol
The hardest part about that scene is imagining yourself in it. It’s something a younger audience can’t comprehend as well as the older, simply because the older audience has experienced that type of love before, and can sooner imagine themselves in that position. It’s an easy scene for me to watch right up until I imagine the one I love in that hospital bed instead.
"and the woman dies"  "It's so sad! *Laughs*
I felt literally nothing Who cares it's not even a real story They aren't real people I don't get why people are so weak these days Boohoo let me cry over something that's imaginary
Down the sequel to up carl wheezer pulled up in a f22 raptor and it no longer went up
If only this was the whole movie
People think im heartless for saying this but UP never made me cry. Yeah i thought it was sad but like it didn't make me emotional enough to cry. Honestly i WISH i cried cause ppl seriously be thinking you're a psychopath id you didn't
Bro I didn't see the first few seconds of the vid and I was smiling throughout
"It's so sad!" Proceeds to laugh
And when he leaves the chairs at the springs AGHH that had me balling
Not sad, didn’t cry, give me my point
Me: DAMN IT I DIDNY WANT TO CRY TODAY The video: *historical laugh**
as soon as I saw the “do not cry challenge” and heard the “watching the first five minutes of-“ I already knew it was up. gonna cry get emotional over again.
I can watch this scene without crying, but when you give the play by play, weirdly I feel more emotional.
yall are emotionally unstable if you actually unironically feel the need to cry after that  or i have just been socially conditioned to not show any type of weakness and/or vulnerability by society due to my status as a man eh same thing
The description alone man 😭😭😭
I CRIED MORE THAN ANYTHING ELSE DURING THAT MOVIE
Idk man i dont feel anything
Am I the only person who has never cried at this?😂
The first time I watched this movie, I was in Grade 8 French class. I could not hold it together. I sat in the middle of the room. No one else seemed to be bothered at all!
It's up
This movie is so overated. This movie is fine but pretty bland, and it's only sad for like the first five minutes but that's the only unique thing about this movie, and if you don't get sad about movies it's just another Pixar movie
When I first watched it, I didn’t cry cause I didn’t understand what it was trying to show me.  Now, after so many years later… I still don’t have any trouble not crying. Sure it’s sad but i just don’t find it anything to cry over
I never cried watching the movie but listening to him read it actually made me cry
I wanna be on that show, getting me some money
Funnily i didn’t cry the first time i saw it, saw it again when i was around 18 cried like a bitch
See I’m a horrible person so if I was doing this while everyone else was crying I’d intentionally laugh like it was the funniest thing ever just to terrify everyone and make them think I’m psychotic
Having learned how to play that song on sax i can absolutely say with complete confidence that i would totally *fail* at that challenge💁🏽‍♀️😂🥲🤦🏽‍♀️
"THINK ABOUT KITTENS THINK ABOUT KITTENS AAAAAAA"
I laugh at that scene now
I knew what make they cry.   THE MUSIC GUYS. THE MUSIC!!!
PIXAR’s Up
Oh no oh no OH NO run they're opening the flood gate's
Did he say DISNEY'S UP. Excuse me bish, but Up was made by PIXAR! THE BEST ANIMATION COMPANY EVER TO EXIST!
me who doesn't cry at things i probably should: 🤡
I'm reporting this for abuse!!1! Nobody should be subjected to that without TISSUES!!
ok now i know i’m definitely not the only one who doesn’t cry during up yes it’s sad but it’s an animation
I have never shed a tear at that scene, I don't see what the big deal is
Forgot about the fact that they couldn't have a child together.
This part made me cry simply because my name is carl
I didn't cry in up or or lion king when mugasa died in my whole life I cried in like 4 or 5 movies
Up was honestly pretty forgettable for a disney film overall, but EVERYONE knows and has a love/hate relationship with the first five minutes. Its so good at getting you so attached to these characters and seeing their charm but then rips your heart out
Honestly, I've seen up so many times that it doesnt make me cry. I've always and will always love that movie
The only times I've cried while watching a movie/TV show was Pokémon (when ash released his butterfree to breed) and when spuderman died in infinitywar
happy tree friends now
Its😅 so😂sad🤣
Those aren't actually the first four or five minutes of the movie. When I was younger I loved the movie and watched it everyday. I remember the first minutes of the movie were dedicated to stablishing Carl's childhood passion with the concept of flying and the friendship he developed with Ellie, which would later become a romantic relationship.
I have never cried at Up
I didn’t cry, I LAUGHED
I have no heart I guess................................ But ayy I won
ngl I wouldve been laughing. Homeboy would’ve been like “as their last picnic- is- is someone laughing? Why are you laughing”
Anyone does NOT cry while watching up? Lizard men.
Damn ppl get tears easily
I’m not emotional I’ve seen all of up without crying
Iroh’s leaves from the vine from avatar
My favorite Disney movie as a child was up
They have way more feelings than me
You should make them react to Iroh's song, from the last Airbender : Little soldier boy.
Ima be real with y’all , I’ve never found the start of UP that sad . I’m not gonna go and act like I’m the toughest or whatever but it’s just never hit me in the feels .
Bro I loved this scene it was hilarious 🤣😂😆
I’ve watched Up and the first time I had tears and the rest I just laughed. Especially when watching with friends… I should stop
somehow his commentary made me laugh
You lot cry at that?
Bro that scene fucked me up
Remember this is a children’s movie
Oof, I don’t love this challenge.
I already lost my emotions from a a show’s final called amphibia so I did not cry threw the sad part you talked about
Bi-poler people: YOUBHAVE NO POWER HERE!
it’s so sad 😩😩😩🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂🤣😂
They never seen it before?
The girl at the end: it's soo sad-  proceeds to burst out laughing.  Doctor: this is a case of laughing tears.
bro I was laughing my ass of during him telling this story
The fact that I never cry at this scene will probably make people hate me, but then again my body basically refuses to let me cry
I have a feeling I might get some bad reactions from this but oh well.     So I've never cried at this scene
Tbh if I was doing a try nto to cry challenge if I lost it would probably be because all the sad stuff made me think if stuff that was sad to me personally.
Weak
Yea up is depressing
good thing i don't have a soul
It is from pixar
Humpty dumpy had a great fall
Is it fucked up  I laughed through that whole thing ?
Why didn't they adopt?
Hehe secret power activate not being able to cry at fictional movies or novels activated
If I was on the show in that I would have said no emotions beech
The wife died because of the paint and the paint was also the cause of the inability to give birth. The paint back then had a chemical in it that would harm a persons body and eventually kill them over time
hahahaha…HASHAHAAHA
“It’s so sad” No it’s so funny
Try not to cry: "so long nerds" Me: Impossible!
Am I the only one who didn’t cry whatsoever watching Up..?
The movie is up
Up
It usually makes me smile I don’t know why I’m like this
The part that makes me cry about this is at the end on the last walk up the hill he brought the tickets to paradise falls for both of them
Me, a psycho: what sad
Fun fact I didn't cry in any of the black ops campaigns and then time my favorite ai, weaver, died I shed a tear
"That's so sad!" -She said while laughing
I smiled
Even just narrating that part of up was enough for me to cry
nooo this always makes me cry.. I just love old people 🥲
"its a movie pf UP"  "A young couple.."  Me: oH NOOOOOO
Weeeeeeaaaaaaaaak
Didn't cry just felt sorry for him and her
I didn’t cry at this but I cried at green mile for sure
I would laugh
I cry everytime at the beginning of the movie. Takes away my man card every time. The music just, hits.
I'm not crying physically, I'm crying mentally. I'm physically unable to cry the doctors say.
Am I the only one who found the story Up a little similar to 'A man called Ove'? 😅 I remember I actually cried when I read the book and when I saw this scene in Up it just gave me flashbacks and broke my heart..again😂
Her it’s so sad also her🤣🤣🤣
😆it's 😆so 😆saa😆ha😆had😆
I never cried to this and idk why
I’ve never cried at the beginning of this move, the most I got the first time I saw it was just “I feel auful for the guy, I know that sort of pain” or something like that
When I watched that film as a kid for the first time, after that scene I had a massive smile plastered across my face, I think there's smth wrong with me
I could easily win this
Is it weird that it doesn't make me sad?
Why did I laugh
What is this up
I was expecting someone to just burst out laughing
I never cry in this movie and the first 4-5 minutes I felt very awkward
I just seen up a week ago the only sad thing is the wife not having a baby and she's dead
You fuck. Reminding me one of the greatest openings in a movie, just the description alone reminds me perfectly of the scenes and how they play out
I saw this movie in theaters and my friends then thought I was apathetic for like 5 years because I didn't cry during that scene.
I never cried at up and its one of my fav films
This is evil
when they say it’s disney’s up and not pixar’s up…
People: omg! Its so sad!  Me: 🧍‍♂️
When I first watched up I laughed at the wife’s death
Dude, “first 4 or 5 minutes of up” sends be down the hole of sadness
I didn’t cry
How to start crying in 5 minutes:
Never cried from up but…so long nerds
You know something is truly sad when it makes you laugh
This is literally the movie UP  Edit: I didn’t finish the video haha”
I loved UP  Intro was sad tho
My dad has told me “movies aren't real” so many times that I've become emotionless during sad scenes
HAH I WOULD BE GREAT AT THAT I CANT CRY
I cry almost everytime
This doesn’t even go into the regret that follows…as he realizes that he was never able to take her on the adventures she wanted to go on because life kept getting in the way and draining their savings…and now that she’s gone…he has to go to do what they could never manage together.
I thought he said old and gay
Low blow. That is a cheap shot. I cannot not cry at that one.
Bro, after watching that movie 93 times. Watching those 5 minutes, I'm just🗿
Up
I think the thing that made me the most sad was the balloon in that scene. I can’t recall it exactly because I always  cried during I’m pretty sure she had a balloon when she first met him or the other way around and then at the very end when she was in a hospital room dying, he had a balloon which he walked back to the house with, and then obviously being the movie up, he then used thousands of balloons to levitate his house into the air. I don’t know why I just get so sentimental whenever I look at 🎈
That was the first movie I ever watched
Who else got turned on by the tears
It ain't even sad
Normally I cry at everything when it comes to movies and tv shows but I haven’t cried at Up 💀 I get why it’s sad and normally it would make me cry but I just never have 😂
I didn't cry at those scenes, I don't know why everyone cried it's just a movie
It would be even worse if there was music
Yeah as a married man I think this is definitely our kryptonite
That wouldn’t work on me I have a problem with crying in general
I always thought she had a miscarriage
Never seen it started yawning
“The first four or five minutes…” Me: I bet its gonna be Up.
It is so sad
Smth must be wrong with me I've watched the movie and didn't cry didn't even feel like crying tbh and this didn't make me cry either sure I got sad but not crying..
No tears... But my hairs are standing up lol
HAHAH DOGWATER
I don't understand how people can cry this easily
Up's beginning was wayyyy too sad and emotional for its own good, but man was it good tho
Maybe I'm crazy but I laughed the first time I saw that part from UP. Imo the scene is rushed and I didn't have enough time to care about the two characters.
noping out of this one, naaaa! nuh uh.
I cried just hearing what happened. I didn’t even have to see it.
I friggin teared up just from Sam's description...
That scene is really sad
Up and Coco are some seriously depressing pixar movies
I remember seeing this movie in theaters. I was so confused because it hadn’t started like any other movies I had seen. But I’d didn’t matter because by the time ten minutes was over the theater was crying.  It was beautiful. Up may not be may favorite overall Pixar movie by that is by far the best opening.
I would dominate at this challenge.
Lol I have never cried to that movie
i’ve seen Up so many times it ain’t sad anymore to me. like i don’t get affected
I didn't cry during up. Sure, I thought it was sad, but I didn't cry.
I don't like the movie up  U kn maybe that's why ppl say I'm heartless
If I were listening to Giacchino’s actual score I would’ve sobbed
Then he adopts a child
I didn’t read the title before I already lost… The beginning of Up gets me every time 🥺
That was the happiest part in the movie i was forced to watch unwillingly
L
Man, just Sam narrating the first five minutes of Up is enough to get me tearing up a little...
B**ch, why the f*ck am I crying, he just described the scene?! Am I okay?!
How is that supposed to make people cry? It made me laugh
This man is a monster.
Probably Disney's best creations. No debate.
I never cried at the beginning of up
I cried without even watching the scene
I was laughing ;-; I didn’t cry during up idk why I think ranboo took my soul
When people say men don’t have feelings.  * me crying * 🥲😭🥲
That is the saddest beginning of any movie ever made.
All I did was listen to his description and I'm already crying.
Childsplay
Was crying the minute you said Up...
The commentary is better than the actual scene
Where is the balloon
Honestly the music alone is enough to get me in tears.
Pixar just grabs onto those heart strings and twist
If you don't cry you're a monster
I remember finding out years after seeing this movie at the drive in as a kid that people lost their shit over this opening... Idk maybe I wasn't old enough to relate to it but I don't remember my parents crying either I just don't get what the deal is with some standard "here's how we got here" exposition of mundane life, it happened too fast to feel anything about it
I laughed. Is that weird?
Me who has never watched UP: **Visibly confused before the he starts explaing** after the video: **Violently Sobbing**
There’s someone who laughed at that scene. That someone was me.
I've seen the movie a bunch of times when it was first out so, the start doesn't get me as bad. I did cry the first time
Up trailer: pretty balloons! flying house! Talking dog! Up movie: Wife dies in the first five minutes
When I first saw this movie I just laughed, thought the plot was stupid and said it was a bad movie
Um, Actually, Up is by Pixar, not Disney.
"It's so sad !" She said while laughing
The way i just teared up at Sam’s narration. T.T
I love how the first 5 minutes of Up are so emotionally moving that people forget all the bizarre stuff that happens in the rest of that movie. I distinctly remember an evil mafia of talking dogs and a weird RGB ostrich.
I have a problem for feeling empathy so this scene didn’t effect me at all
There is a theory that the old guy died and the little boy shows up to take him up to heaven but he doesn't want to go but the full adventure is oh the old man slowly making his way up.
I lost the challenge before any of the contestants, and I didn't even have to see it except for in my mind's eye.
Is it strange that i burst out laughing halve way through?
This is Cruel and Unusual Punishment
why did i cry just from the description oh my goshh
In that scene I always think she’s sad because she’s infertile but they can still adopt
I feel like a terrible person, because I have never cries because of Up, in fact I didn't really like the movie when I was younger. I don't know if I like it now though
I uh I have never cried during UP. Ive cried during The Promised Neverland, Kotaro Lives Alone and Assassination Classroom tho :> The reason is because I have to get attached to someone to feel bad if they ever go away or get killed off.
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
i have watched this movie 5 times and i dont remember crying a single tear in one of thos times.
Never failed to make me cry😭💔🥲
🤣🤣🤣"its so sad"🤣🤣🤣
YOU FORGOT the detail that the husband hid plane tickets in the final picnic basket, for a vacation they’ve imagined since they were kids. but she never got to go, and died before she knew what he was planning
If I was in their position, I would try and yel two quick ha’s, and procede to say, that’s my future, minuse the lady
I've only cried 4 times since I saw up and I think somethings wrong with me or I'm just a happy person
its the movie "up"
damn how did him describing it make me cry
If i was on this show and knew the challenge dont cry, id probably say some really fucked up shit to make things more humorous for me
Why would you cry about it? Its just how life is 🤷🏻‍♂️
I watched it all did not cry in the entire scene
I don't cry.
Is it just me or when I was a kid I hated the scene not because it was sad but because it was boring 😂
Kill me i somehow smile end me
God the only thing that gets me more than those 5 minutes in animation, is the Tale of Iroh from Avatar the last airbender.  RIP Mako
I just made myself happy and now im crying again
Imagine the first FOUR notes of the song playing.  You're now bawling your eyes out, you're welcome.
how is that a sad scene just can i ask i am that curious i mean she was going to die at some point she was old and all that sooo
Don- Do not come after me but when I was younger and  watched up in class (for some random reason)  it came to Eli dying and me and a friend started to dye laughing and a few people called us "heartless monster" which made us laugh even more
I would have laughed so hard
Jesus Christ Sam is such a good narrator
*me roasting the movie while watching it*
If it was sad why did she laugh
Am i weird for not feeling sad?
Umm excuse me but it's *Pixars* up
" it's so sad🥺😊😂😂 "
Force yourself to laugh
How Quick Emotions Change. 😆😢😭❤️💜💙💚
I never cried from Disney movies but Narnia got to me
Jesus loves and cares for you all and he is always with you through your hardships he is the only way to heaven not good deeds and he is so proud of you all God is good
I knew the second he started started talking it was up
Am I wrong for laughing?
honestly sam's description of the scene was closer to making me cry than the actual scene
I paused the video i dont know if the video says what movie it is but Im calling it it’s the movie Up
Me watching the sad scene in Disney's Up: -_- Me in my mind :😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
"He kisses her on the forehead... And then the video cuts to each of their families being executed live.."
Bro I literally had a teacher whip this shit out for a film class i had then when it was over and we were all emotionally devastated he was like “well that segues perfectly into our break! Go grab a tissue, some coffee and go pee and I’ll see you back at quarter to” and then left and we were all just sitting there like 🥲 mhmm
Me who has never cried in to a movie before
Lady: “it’s so sad” also her: laughs
His description made me tear up, the movie never did. PIXAR HIRE THIS MAN IMMEDIATELY
😐 was my face when I watched up
i’ve never cried watching that i mean it’s sad but i mean doesn’t really affect me
She hit the wrong emote
The song suddenly played in my head
🤣🤣🤣
I've never cried at this movie tbh
SAD! I thought it was the funniest part (that was a joke)
Dude I started crying just on his description
I’m not crying your crying
Too bad I’m an emotionless bastard who cries at nothing
I can’t with up it’s so sad 😭
This man is a great narrator
I don't get how people feel sad about this
I Can Watch Up Without Crying Lol
Ha, sucks to suck.
Where's Brennan yelling "YOU ARE WEAK!"?
Felt bad and then just smiled, don’t know why but I didn’t feel even slightly sad
Just the description of it makes me tear up. Damn it!
Hey there you want a sadder Disney scene? Toy story 2, Jesse’s Abandoned. The words alone make me quiver
When he said up i literally died. I’ve never not cried watching the beginning of that movie.
I feel like the song with a lyric like *baby we built this house our memories*would be perfect for the end
I laughed when he said “When they went up the hill for the last time she fell over and ended up in the hospital” (or something amongst those lines) I ended up laughing crying, does that count a losing. My humor is super dark I need therapy
She is weak….
That is so funny 😂😂😂😂🤣😂😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂
You know it’s the messed up thing is I’ve never cried to a movie except for one and I don’t know why
I feel like I would be more angry than mad watching that I hate the movie
lol
This was on tv once and we watched it for dinner. That is not usually something we do during dinner but we did this time. Safe to say, it was up and down
At the end she was like:😢...😄that was soo sad
I'm good at not crying
I’ve never cried at that part. Movies I’ve cried at are when uncle Ben dies in Spider-Man, and when Eddie dies in IT chapter two. That’s it
She just ends up laughing….
It's not sad though. They get to live a long life and grow old together. They were very fortunate!
Jesus Christ. Your didn't even have to explain what's happening and I was crying. Sure enough the explanation made me cry more.
man why did i smile during the story
Am I weird in the fact that that doesn't make me cry?    Ps there's a theory that carel killed his wife. This is because the house was likely built in a time period where lead paint was used in houses, so it's possible his wife died from lead poisoning.
I never watched Up—
dose smilling count as crying?
I watched the movie. It was good but kinda disappointing. I didn’t get the emotional feel like I expected.
I hated that movie. So I'd win....... but at what price???
Dame im a animal i staring laughing more and more as it went on now i feel like a ass whn i look st the comments
Isn't it Pixar's Up.
Don't cry challenge? I got this, I don't cry all the time. I can't cry except when I'm hormonal, or see a sad animal video.
I have never even gotten sad while watching the beginning
I have never cried at this
Me: easy
Am I the only heartless piece of shit that feels no emotion towards this scene?
Me who never cryed watching the movie: *laughing*
I’d lose every “don’t cry” challenge because I am one VERY emotional bitch. I cry at almost every single thing I watch
How are yall crying at this tf
Carl's wife's funeral happened in the same church they got married in by the way
Did anyone cry    Like if u did
Love how Sam gets choked at his own  description
Damn I cried watching a YT Short. I'm actually broken.
I cried at least 4 times watching UP and I will never watch it again because of that Emotional Damage it caused
Best part in the movie, i rewatch it every single time, no tear, just interest because who tf wants to be close to Brazil
Never cried from a film Closest I got was a John Lewis Christmas ad
Me 😐👍
I rember watching that movie a few times. It's so damn good!
wouldn’t be disney without death
I've seen the movie to many time, it doesn't faze me anymore
It stared out happy but then it became so so sad
I don't know if he mentions it in the episode itself, but Up's prologue also features the couple dreaming of visiting the exotic lands they saw on documentaries as children, only for their savings to constantly be spent on everyday needs. In the end, they never get to make that journey together.
Jokes on you I'm too dehydrated to cry
I never really understood what really was happening to carls wife but I understood that it was sad when Carl began to break down, but now after a decade it really ducking hurts
im sobbing now
You know Disney every move he has to have death😂 but up it's an amazing movie I love it
I started laughing when he describes it
Explains first five minutes of UP  Me: yup, ok, mhm
These are full grown adults btw
As soon as " first 5 minutes of up " showed I knew at least one of the girls were gonna lose
I am holding back the tears
I've watched up so much I cant even cry at the start
I have never cried during this movie :/
Sam just made me cry purely from explaining the first 4-5 minutes of up
It's so saaad **laughs**
We don’t know that it was the wife, it could have been the husband, or both. Don’t assume that infertility is always the women’s fault, because it’s not.
I don't really care
I love and hate Up bc its just so sad. But then it gets real funny.
I would have a weird disadvantage if I did this because... I have trouble crying with glasses on. I've been told I'm weird bc I don't cry at the same things most do, but my eyes just, don't.
It is interesting to see how the reactions vary.
"it's so sad" Starts laughing*
I didn't even cry. Am I a psychopath? 😅
AAAHHHH I CAN'T NOT CRY
Ok but like even just the description of that sequence is enough to make me cry
OMG! Am i a heartless person because in the show and in comments people are crying but i couldnt cry😞
"its so sa hahahaha d
I never thought up was that sad, then I found out that emotions existed
Nice try, but it's gonna take more than that to break me...  ...  Leaves from the vine...  *bawl my eyes out*
I loved the movie up
My dumbass thinking he said "old and gay"
"Its so sad! *maniacal laughter*"
I saw a YouTube short on that story it’s from up it’s really sad
Should have been irohs story that ends with leaves from the vine
Not me laughing
Its not that sad to me /:
I STARTED LAUGHING AS IT BEGAN!! HOW DID THEY NOT LAUGH?!?!
Is it bad that I don’t cry to UP 😂
Damn.. brought back memories
It's up
I someday wish I had friends who are as amazing as the cast of college humor
Good thing I've seen Up so many times that my heart has solidified to that scene! ...nah, who am I kidding, its sad as hell
Is it a bad thing that that did not make me cry
Is it bad that I didn't cry at all in this movie
There a theory he killed her because in old houses like that there are chemicals or something in those house which can kill someone over time and can cause infertile in women just think about that 😁
Am I the only one who has never cried during up?
ITS SO SAD NOOOOO 😭😭😭😭
Your such a good narrator
Guess I'm soulless.
I must be a heartless son of a bitch, because I have never cried at the start of Disney’s Up
Real men don’t cry fuck I did
🥲💀=😂
No emotions
It's so sad  Her: Laughing
People: starts crying and feeling sad  Me: starts laughing uncontrollably because I'm imagining her falling down faster than a COD player to a camper
I'd be there laughing like HA L I AINT GON LAUGH
Is it weird that I know exactly what film their watching?
I'm sorry I didn't cry during this...
I'm seriously starting to wonder if I'm actually okay because I never cry in movies, books, or anything like that really
Lol
Bish u started laughing saying it’s so sad
When it comes to sad parts in movies i get sad but dont cry, because then i cant see if there will be something even more depressing soon after.
i thought the subtitles said “They were old and gay” 😂
I have not cried in ages but I was biting my tongue so I wouldn’t cry idk why this made me SO SAD
I laugh at that scene
I cried at that movie
Imagine dying, couldn't be me
The part that gets me in up is near the end when he opens the adventure book he assumed to be empty but it’s full of memories from that very beginning montage… shatters me to the core
Just watched up, I ended up bawling
Didn't make a face too easy
It’s not the first five minutes. There’s the whole Muntz theatre trailer thing and a large Ellie and Carl childhood bit before The Montage of Sadness.
If I was in that television show I would be simply dying of laughter and I’m already dead so that is quite weird
I live that scene it's hilarious
You are a talented transcriber, Sam.
Am I the only one who never cries for the beginning of up
"Before you know it, there old and grey"  😆 that got me
Before Disney got woke
I still don`t have a soul
i feel like a psycho, I don’t cry at that scene 💀
Tbh I already watched this scene alot of times that Iwould just say "HAHA L"
She says this is so sad while laughing
I can’t 😭😭😭
Have them watch the semi-death scene of Hector in Coco 😭😭
Would just be using the doom eternal strategy
For me it's the beginning of Wolf Children. Even the song the mother sings is enough to break me.
Why are they crying its a pretty boring movie
(I’ve never found it sad enough to cry at, am I broken??)
i never cry i just dont understand y people cry ay this
🤔 it's the album scene that gets you.
Sorry bambie's moms death is funnier
am I like, immune to this movie or what? I never cry at this movie.
I feel jothing unless you build it up for me. If you want to get me you need to show me the actual clip of Leaves From the Vine, maybe even the full tale of Iroh. There may be more, but I'm not telling you what it is.
Ah yes but isnt that legally torture?
Good movie but it's too much of a comedy to cry over  SQUIRREL
He neglected the most tragic part of that 5 minute sequence: that the wife died before they had the chance to fulfill their childhood promise to visit the waterfall.
idk man up sucked💀 (i just dont like disney type movies tho so)
When I saw this episodes theme and the people brought on I instantly thought that Jess was targeted. Boy have I never been so right and cried and been happy about how right I was
I swear to god at some point Up was a ten minute grounded  short film about a couple growing old, and then they added a bunch of bullshit to make it a feature length film.
I can handle this just fine. The ending of Big Fish, on the other hand...
Came for laughs left with tears
Sam explaining it already has me welling up I could NEVER-
I failed just off memory and the description. Fuck!
Idk man I don't cry over movies/TV shows I'd probably win
Dude I watched the entirety of up without a single hint of sadness
If you tear up for the first five minutes of "Up", let me introduce you to the last ten minutes of "Coco".
R.I.P Ellie. We will miss you. And adventure is out there.
Have they not seen up? I almost immediately said wait. Is he just reading off the beginning of up?
I felt that.
This is from the movie up
I am just heartless for not feeling any emotion for those few minutes of Up? Can anyone else tell me if they have had the same experience
Who the fuck hasn’t seen Up
The saddest part is that you see his wife doing his tie every time but when it’s time for her funeral he wears a bow tie because he can’t tie his own
Am I the only person in this comment section that would laugh but only because someone else is crying?
I cried just hearing him describe it
It's so sad! While laughing
This would be easy for me since I don't cry, but spider man no way home I almost did cry.
Up.has become one to nit cry at since it is every try not to cry challemge.
I have never cried watching any part of any Disney movie including up I just don’t understand
It’s literally up
Ive never cried to this idk what yall are on
his summary of the first 5 mins of UP has me crying, his voice paints this lovely picture of tragedy soon to come :(
This weirdly doesn’t make me sad
This is so sad *Proceeds to laugh*
"😂 it's so sad 😂"
Ha she dead
Now I have to watch it
She goes it’s so sad then why the fuck did you laugh at the end then  huh huh
The amount of times I’ve thought to rewatched but knew I couldn’t believe of where I was at in my life have been immense
UP IS SO SAD
ITS UP WHOLE STORY A CHILDREN FILM
Good narration.
I remember the first time I watched up and saw that part. I thought it was sad but there was no emotion to back up my conclusion. Guess I'm just cool like that 😎
Wow, I would absolutely obliterate this game, I hardly cry to begin with, let alone when watching a movie
Cruel and unusual punishment
I’m sorry y’all I’ve never cried during this scene cause I’ve seen it a billion times since I was tiny
I’m in hs marching band and we had Up music in our show and one day our director wanted to show us exactly this to show “the power of music” or something and then 5 minutes later we had a band room full of crying band kids
this was my favourite as a child, i watched it a dozen times. i would bawl my eyes out right there if I would have to watch it in this situation
Nice Sony CD-900STs. Under-rated, very old headphones. 1989 release.
Nope nope nope fuck this, Up is one of my ex’s favorite movies 🥲🥲🥲
You can tell who is heartless
That scene wasn't even sad, death is inevitable.
All I had to hear was "The first 5 minutes" and I started crying
You forget Pixar.
Sam you are pure evil for making people watch this
This man is a psychopath, that us emotional damage!
I cried one of the first times I watched this movie as a kid
im literally crying just thinking about it wtf
That's why it's hard for me to re-watch UP. That scene is heartbreaking although there's no dialogue but it's so realistic. No matter how many times I've seen that scene it still brings me tears.
SAMUEL! Why would you do this!
you see my trauma makes it barely possible for me to cry so... i would win this  it is sad and o cry imternally but tears? none. and i can easily make the facial expressions not show.
For those who don't know the man wears a bow tie to her funeral because she was the only one that knew how to tie his tie
The first time I've watched Up, I've cried literally 6 times in the first 10 minutes.
Fucking cake walk. I didn't even tear up when Bambi dad got shot..... I'm realizing now I might be a psychopath.
Normally this wouldn't make me sad, but seeing Jess tear up like that fuckin got me
Ur a monster Sam, but I loved how sweet this episode was :)
God Up is such a powerfully emotional movie. That's why I love it, it is to this day one of my favorite movies.
I never once cried at that scene, I don’t get why people did, you don’t even know the characters by that point
Me when I watched Up: aww that's sad 😐
Just because I dont really get affected by emotion much, I would win this for sure.
I got a bit misty eyed just listening to it lol
Ngl I didn't get sad at all, I've watched up a little too much
Easy, I can't cry.
Litraly one of the saddest scenes in a movie
A+ narration by Sam
am. am i a monster. i never cry at this scene. like yes it’s sad but it’s never made me cry, even as a little kid
If this was that one dad song in encanto I would be bawling
Easy money
Man he violated them 💀💀💀
Y'all, this entire episode is so incredible. PLEASE watch!! I was bawling by the end lol
I haven’t watched up since I was like 7 because of this exact reason
I think its worse than described because its not that she cant have a kid i think she miscarries and that causes the problem that she cant
I didnt cry at all
The first time I saw Up I was weeping like a child.
It's hard for me to cry so this would be extremely boring
The way the brown girl is just looking at the screen as if it were a black screen is killing me
I did cry the first time but I believe I could hold a rewatch
This is torture
i guess i’m cold hearted cause that ish just made me go like:😐 tough
I cried at Sam just describing it! GAHHH
It’s good to know that none of them are psychopaths.
I would suck at this game so much.
He just summarized up! The movie
Saddest scene ever animated
Just to be a menace I would probably say something like " dang hope your house worth something cause you don't seem to have life insurance "
As soon as I saw the title of the video and the host started saying "they're watching the first 5 minutes of"? Ugh, I just KNEW he was gonna mention Up. Makes me so damn emotional 😢
I love that movie, but they had to react to just the first 5 minutes, the saddest part in the movie 😢
I started to smile for some reason like an evil smile…. Wut
Why did I cry
Bruh imma watch up and not cry
Dude the sequence is good but it's not like anyone's gonna cry or shit
I’ve seen it a kajillion times, you can’t make me cry over out on a short.   Sam narrates:  Me: 😭😭😭
Am I the only one that is smiling cuz I love watching people suffer?
“the first 5 minutes…” this is up bet you any money “of disneys up”  FUCKING KNEW IT
I cried while watching this  What😀
Something you may have not noticed: his wife always tied his ties and at her funeral he wore a bow tie because he didn't know how to tie a regular one
Jesus loves you
Tears are contagious, ok!?
HOW HAVE THEY NEVER SEEN UP??
This turned from a narration to a story telling
I've never watched up-
(This isn't hate )  his voice volume:↑↑→→→↓↓↓↓→
thought that was Stavros at first
I've seen that movie many times, and UT still makes me tear up
heard “awww” and immediately knew it was “Up”
Well when you put it like that then yea
You laughed and she's dead.
Honestly the first few measures of the song can get me emotional most of the time. Pixar always does a good job with their musical scores and "up" is no exception
Even though his narrating it I can see the movie in my head vividly, and I am in tears
Are you telling me that none of them has ever seen Up before this? Dafuq! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Idk what's wrong with me but up has never made me cry. Not even on the first watching... I'm an indestructible force AND and immovable object
Meh
It’s really hard not to cry at that tbh
I Was Hoping It Was The One With The Explosion At The End
I’m surprised I don’t cry my first time
I love this movie so much but its so sad and amazing
I have never once cried at that scene
When Up came out in theaters Dad took all of us kids to see it and at the time my mom was in the hospital (don’t remember exactly why but it was serious) and I remember my dad letting out a few tears during Up’s hospital and funeral scene.
me: i could watch 20 sad movies and not even feel sad, i'd be more sad if my CoD account gets banned
I know I’m gonna cry “UP” always breaks my heart
I don’t know what is wrong with me but that was sooo funny to me🤣
In the words of Lord Frieza, "like a bitch"
YOU WEAK AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAASSS
As a gen z, as much as I like the movie, I get no strong emotions from it  I blame the internet !
Not gonna lie I teared up lol a terrible wonderful start from a great movie
"It's so sad" jajajajaj
Just hearing the scene is making me tearing up. You can't do this, this is too easy to make them cry
Funny
I can't be the only person who's never cry while watching that movie
Oh no, the flashbacks
WHY DID DISNEY DO THIS TO HUMANITY?!?!
Lol I’m lucky I can’t cry to movies and videos
My eyes are stinging just thinking about it
What's sadder, this or Iroh's "picnic"
Now this, this is evil
This movie ALWAYS makes me cry. I'm literally crying rn just thinking about it
I cried for like the last 5 videos on here and I'm gonna blame it on the fact I haven't slept for 24hrs 👌
Guess what i am emotion less
İf a adult fr cries to this and lose money im gonna commit not breathing
I’ve never cried while watching that
"It's so sad-ha haha" wtflip
Oh no, the nostalgia is comming through my vains and sadness on my face
It is so sad *literally starts laughing*
.. you wouldn't last through the final scenes of  telltales the walking dead season 1
Am i a horrible person for never crying during up, or even feeling sad? Or is it just cuz of my trauma?
I’m stone cold. I only shed 35 tears whenever I watch Up
Literally the movie up
Joke’s on you I only cried because I drank too much drpepper
I hate it that prople are saying its just a movie couse my grandpa is actually dead
no joke, i saw Up! in theaters, but the only other people in the theater at the showing i went to was a couple of kids and their dad, so i hysterically laughed through this part knowing if they were more annoyed at me, they'd be too distracted to cry....cuz kids only know how to ugly cry. i was quiet the rest of the film, and they were too. however, now i can't cry at this scene cuz i have the memory of me being a dick in a passive aggressive way to stop the kids from being annoying, and the emotional weight is completely lost on me.
I’m crying just from hearing the description as the scene plays in my head
Not gonna lie, I cry every time I watch that movie.
Yeah I failed. The only thing sadder than this is the furnace scene in Toy Story 3
It is very sad and yet your laughing   ??please explain your concept
Fun Fact: I’ve never cried during any kind of film/song/story. So now everyone I know thinks I’m heartless
Up sucks for this sense of artificial feeling it implants in the first 5 minutes. Js.
Hey pherb! I know what we’re gonna do today! *cRy At HyPoThEtIcAl YOuTuBe StOrIeS*
I feel like i'm the only person not affected by this scene at all.
Me, when I read the title of this short: *Don’t cry don’t cry don’t cry-*  *Too late..*
the first thing in this scene i imagined was everyone crying she died and then just me with a 7eleven slurpee
Dang up always makes me cry 🥲
It's so sad... Proceed to laugh..
Weak
I insta win that
They knew what they were doing when they made Up. Absolute masterpiece
at least you didn't make them watch "If Anything Happens I Love You". Netflix watchers will know what I'm talking about 😭😭😭😭😭
HOL UP WAS SHE LAUGHING OUT CRUMBY AT THE END.... Very SUSpicious
Ok so am I the only one who never cried to this💀
I started bursting into laughter at the funeral part-
Wait. People actually cry when watching movies?
Never watched the scene once without crying
i love Disney’s up. i honestly wish disney nowadays stopped milking old franchises and start making more meaningful stories like up.
Hence why we stop taking care of the meak
😂😂IT'S SO SAAAD🤣🤣🤣
Man the softly spoken ASMR towards the end tho
Funny story(insade I cry lot)
Who else found this funny🤣
This is just cruel
I shouldn't laugh but I did 🤣 I feel so bad lol
I cried at rengoku dying
I'm crying just with the description (Bad english I'm mexican xd send help)
Why was him explaining what happened in the movie more sad than the movie itself?
I cant NOT cry on this movie
I never cried to this movie cause the only time i ever watched it was in school and i refused to ever be caught crying in school
How the heck am I very sensitive yet I seem to never get sad with up, it’s just not that sad
Up
Had to pause this and scroll away (after leaving this comment) because this scene makes me unbearably sad.
Forcing someone to watch those 5 minutes could be considered psychological torture…shits too sad
I'm unfeeling when I need to be. I could win this.
the end: *laughs* “its so sad” *laughs harder*
How are they crying it's not that sad
I'm crying cause this part in up is sooooo sad
I laughed when i saw it for the first time 🤣
Sad moment. Cry when you first see it. But noone should cry more than the 2nd or 3rd watch.
I know that it was Disney up
Not really sad
Is it bad that I giggle sometimes , and not cry
Am I insane for being able to watch that whole part with a straight face?
If he had made them watch marley and me " youre a great dog" scene i know for sure they would have all cried.
Am I the only one who just doesn't cry watching movies?
As soon as he said up and then even just listening to him describe it made me cry and I've seen that movie tons of times still makes me cry....
I have no emotions
I don't think it is that sad
The way she catfish me into thinking she was crying
Never cried when watching in 3rd grade
Up told a better love story in 5 minutes than Twilight managed to do in 5 books, and 5 movies.
Fuck, i didnt forget that memory, i just left it alone and made my peace. Still hurts.
I don't cry during movies really so I can't relate to anyone in the comments.
For some reason whenever I watch UP I will burst into hysterical laughter at random times😁
Pixar, the world's fastest crying fest
Personally I can’t find animated films sad or emotional. Like someone could get stabbed 17 times and I’d just be unfazed (tho that ain’t gonna happen in a Disney film)
😂
I'm so broken that I can watch the entire scene without crying. I can watch it, comment on how sad it is, and not cry, because I have not cried in a long time.
And this is why i watch disney movies or pixar movies alone, because the make me cry
It's so sad hahahah
Idk why people say it's a sad scene idk I don't feel sad while watching it
It's so Saad... 🤣
I don't know why but I just.. don't find the beginning of Up sad enough to cry about. I'd say something's wrong with me but I regularly cry at the end of Coco so that's not it.
Is it strange that I never cried during that scene
Have they never seen up
UP!!!!!
"I've fallen, and I can't get up!"
As soon i heard the word "up" i immietdialy knew what will the players watch
Proceeds to put rainbow balloons on his house
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaaa😫
This was just the funniest movie
I literally cant not cry at the thought of someone elderly passing away. Even if ive never seen it, just the description is enough.
I’ve never seen UP….
Why is it sad to people
It didn't phase me, im dead inside
I already cried when he told the story😭😭😭😭 Don't get me started about seeing the actual scene😭😭😭
Me watch the movie alr lol ik
Ok, so, I didn't actually cry during that scene...  it was just talked about so much that I expected it and my brain was like "your supposed to cry for this scene" and I said "sure" and then I didn't cry 😅
Not me who crys over that movie every time
i'm just doing my face exercises, don't worry. There's just sweat in my eyes
My biggeat flex is being able to watch this with a blank face
What I found to be equally amazing and sad is that the soundtrack that they use for when they’re building their house and when the wife is dying. The thing is is that it’s the exact same! The only time is that one is slower than the other and somehow it portrays very different emotions with just speed. It’s incredible!
Neat, seems easy enough
i cant not cry over UP
Made me sad that he had to be the one to complete the dreame and he really never got to enjoy it
When I was four my family was laughing when he was running away from the bad guy and I was crying and said “he’s dying and you guys are laughing at him!!!” 😂
Me-*drinks a relaxing sip of water*
There watching UP  omg I love that movie
Wish we could still call it Pixar’s up :/
I don't really cry at disney movies so I would of just pretended to laugh at the death scene to look insane
Ya the first 4-5 minutes is the saddest
In UP, she wanted a vacation, not a child.
I named my cat after that woman. I cry every day looking at her
Yeah. I don't cry at movies BUT 3 scenes in 3 different movies make me cry.  1. This scene In  UP   2. In homeward bound (1993) when Shadow, the old golden retriever, falls deep into the hole and can't get out and tells chance and sassy to continue in without him and lays down in the mud and gives up 3. In titanic, the ship is sinking and this old couple lays n bed together as water rushes in knowing they're drowning together...interesting fact: that couple was based on the owners of MACY. The woman refused to go into life boat ev3n though there was room. Since it was women and children first, her husband couldn't come and she refused to leave him.
I know this one
When Up came out, I was late for the first few minutes in the theater. When it came out on DVD, and my family brought it home, I was late getting home from practice.  It was almost 5 years later when I finally saw the first 5 minutes. All that time I thought it was just a feel good movie. I was heartbroken when I finally saw the first few minutes. It changed the entire movie
Sam’s narration just makes it more heart wrenching
The way i pictured the scenes exactly from the movie
Goddammit as soon as I saw the title I almost cried
It’s really not that sad
I would've screamed out "WHATS WITH ALL THIS ANIME BULLSHIT IN THIS FUCKING DISNEY MOVIE BULLSHIT "
I just watched this movie last night
I was also watching up while watching this
But why would he *not* close his door???
But up isn’t Disney it’s pixar, why do people give credit to Disney for Pixar’s masterpieces
What I was suppose to cry I did not feel anything but it probably cause I watched up.   BTW I was typing and did not cry the entire time it played 27 time while typing this 😊
This part is not as sad is when he flips through the book and finds out that she’s been saving pictures of him for their  the whole time they’ve been together
Omg. Am i telepathic. When the yellow dress lady started going awww i automatically assumed it was Up. I swear i didn't read the caption. Was just scrolling.
I cried 😭😭😭
I've seen up too many times it doesn't effect me somehow
“It’s so sad”  “laughs”
Just describing it almost made me almost cry
It isn't even that sad. I've felt worse. Like seeing 7 comrades get blown up by a grenade while you're on fire.
"ITS SO SAD" *Proceeds to laugh*
Wow my childhood was messed up.... when my family watched up we laughed when she fell over...👁👄👁
I miss up on DS
I cry every time I see this part of the movie! 😭😭😭😭 Even when he described it
Oh well get over it
Fun fact I didn't cry during the beginig of the movie up
It makes it so much sadder when he describes it
The only Disney movie that made me cry was coco, that was because she reminded me of my grandma 🥲
if youve seen the moovie you know it (i forgot the fin name
Easy. And yes, i am a psychopath. /j
I swear, this 5 min along with the beginning of Treasure Planet never fails to make me cry
Quality content
THAT WHOLE MOVIE IS JUST SADNESS BUT I LOVE IT SO MUCH 😭
Failed
I am immune to disney emotions
i honestly don’t get why people cry at this scene let alone a disney scene
sad and stupid that copy right is a thing
UP
Oh my god! Up is my favorite childhood movie!! I love Up!!!
The saddest beginning of any movie
Up
i would probably laugh because i’m a bad person
Haha I am either emotionally strong or emotionally broken in the fact that I don’t cry when watching the first 5 minutes of Disney’s Up
I’m not crying, you’re crying 😭
The next day he dies and that's how the movie happens 🤦. Our childhoods
Shoulda done Bambi
Im crying from just the description
WELL SHOULDNT HAVE FELL HU- oh no that's terrible:[
I don’t like the movie up, unlike the other movies this one is not cringey which makes it uninteresting
The beginning of UP is dangerously sad ahaha, We weren’t even shown the video and I tested up from my memory of it ahaha 😂 🥲
Jess laughing: it’s so sad
This part was emotional, but nothing has made me cry like Coco
This is equally an awesome and terrible thing to do to the contestants. Having said that what kinda soulless monster doesn't cry watching the beginning of Up?
Thanks for reminding us of that cartoon induced depression.
I would be the best at this challenge bc I never cry at movies lmao
How is that a children movie
Is it weird that i never cry watching movie?
Oh no my tears are like the Sahara desert and my attitude is that of a dry cactus wind weeps down my face and….    I don’t care at all this scene is not sad.
Lol
LOSS
I remember seeing it in cinema, got similar reaction, am I like oversensitive or something?
Is this up?
Worst movie to watch on psychedelics 0/10
I'm a grown ass man who has never watched UP and damn I had to catch myself 😂 that's feels af
That's the story of life kids!
"Its so sad" *she said while laughing*
I can still remember every scene just from the description
Try not to cry and play the toy story part where there holding hands about ti die. If they dont cry there sliens
He narrated it and it almost mad me cry bro I'm done
Mam that movie is so good
Yeah yeah, now try the beginning of "Ori and the blind forest" 😭
Ok…….
I woulda jusy seadi "yeah, you stupid bitch!" Just to spite the challenge lol
I choked up a bit just listening to him describe of it. That's how hard this movie hits
This story is like the blush it's not really a movie it's like 3minutes short movie it's so sad
UP
I don't  cry at up but that description brought a tear to my eye
"its so saddd!!!" *laughs*
Sounds like jack and Jill just more sad
I've gotten desensitized to the scene over the years, but Sam's description gave me a whole new perspective on it. Excuse me while I go have an emotional breakdown.
Bro relax
I know this movie but heart and just hearing the name hurts to hear
L bozo plus ratio imagine dying lmao
I watched this with my whole family. After that scene my dad shouted this is bullshit! Stormed out never to return. I stayed to watch but I never recovered. The little amount of comic relief provided did not make up for the “life sucks and then you die” opening sequence.
That was the worst part of the movie😥
Me : bites fist internally sobbing and scrunching eyes  " *I will not cry* "
Cool
I cant even lie cause even just hearing about UP literally makes me sob and watching it isnt gonna help 😭
OH YOU MONSTER
Sam, you are evil. Keep it up!
It’s enough to make a grown man cry
Your SO mean 😪
Honestly I laughed when she fell
I cried just from the description. Man, this was hard in the cinema.
Her: “It’s so sad” *while laughing* Me: why must u make this into a HOUSE OF *L I E S*
I havent seem the movie. I have no connection to it. Tho ik what happens. This would be easy to not cry at for me.
This made me smile
U didn't need to narrate, i have it engraved into my brain.🥺
I never cried during this movie and I’m gonna keep my streak going by still not watching it. I should watch it….
It's Pixar's Up
The first five minutes of Up wouldn't be them buying their house. It would only get up to the part where he's younger and has to walk across the bridge to get his balloon then he falls. I watched the first five minutes before writing this comment so you cannot prove me wrong. Then buying their house is about 7 and a half minutes in.
I cannot cry at this movie anymore. This movie is what we watched in kindergarten class, this movie is what my family watched at least once a week for a year, I’ve see this movie at least a hundred times. I’ve become immune
When I heard broken all my tears have hdbue to not
HAH! Jokes on you, I don't feel emotions to movies unless an animal dies
idk but up doesn’t affect me i would cry from wall-E lmao
His explanation made it so much worse. I balled
The beginning of Disney's up is really something, i went and watched it but i really couldn't hold my tears back even though my original plan was to find out the songs name from that part
Why am I laughing
Ha shitter imagine dying L+ratio+fatherless
It's not sad at all actually...just a movie
Well I do feel for that scene it doesn’t make me cry
I might be sociopathic because i kept this face the whole time 😐
The way that lady's face changed completely will never be hilarious.
No tears. I did it. Damn that was hard
liberal
I always laugh at that Part And i am not joking. I might Be a psycho
Monster
Yep I cried a little haha
Start loudly laughing it makes it easy as hell
How can you not cry
I don’t understand how a movie could make people cry. Especially a Disney movie. (And yes, I’ve seen Up.)
The saddest thing for me is that I have never watched up
I welled up from your voice over of what was happening 🥺 freaken Disney giving all the feels
I haven’t watched up in many MANY years, I remembered what happened. When we got Disney+, my mind first thought of ‘UP’ since I haven’t seen it since. I watch the first five minutes and remembered how much he loved his wife. I started crying because they both planned to go together to that waterfall paradise. I totally lost it, Disney makes such good tear jerkers like these.
Correction, The house that he and his wife fixed. They fixed up an old falling apart abandoned ruin of what used to be a house.
i love that scene. so sad. Movie is meh
Just remembering the scene makes me cry again, it's sp beautiful and sad
the movie must be named after the rise in my depression after seeing it
I thought that the woman cried, but she laughee
sam could run his own audible podcast
the music makes that scene even more iconic
I can imagine “I wanna grow old with you” bgm on the clip they watchin
isn't this up
Bruh I cried just from him explaining it
Im heart liss
Oof.  That scene hits harder now that I've lost my wife.
Man even listening got me crying 🥲
no because i shed a tear watching this
Not me crying just from his narration 🥲
That part always makes me cry
Am I the only one who managed to imagine everything
Idk but this doesn’t bring me anywhere near tears
The movie up is super deep and cute but when I was younger I cried watching the first part but now I'm older and it brings back memories
I as a heartless being definitely didn't cry just thinking about the first 5 minutes of up
UP is one of the only movies that can make me cry
Just the fucking description made me tear up
I don't get how people cry at this scene
As soon as you said up-
I would never cry because of that
Man how can a move just peak in its first five minutes. Its insane how good the UP opening is
I have only cried from seeing a movie once. And it was during bolt when I was 3.
I have in fact seen a good YouTube short before. It's not a miracle.
It enough to make a grown man cry and that's ok
I started crying when he said "the movie up"
I feel like a psychotic monster cuz I lagged at the end
I was in hospital, had just gone to see my aunt to say goodbye, but she had just died. I came back so sad and thought, ill put on this Disney/kids movie to cheer myself up. NO ONE TOLD ME!
I would be so good at this I don’t cry in movies
I’d win this easily
I watched up…. And didn’t cry
I am supposed to cry (I am not Russian)
“Yes, officer, I’d like to report a crime in progress”
It's the music that really hits you hard
As soon as I see the intro to Up, I break. I'm a mom of ³ now, so when I see when they are at the clinic finding out Ellie can't have babies I cry so much because I would not be able to get over that if I was her.
I never understood why people found the intro of Up so sad.
What am I too stressed a fuckin furry or wut i did not find it sad
Yeah, I cried simply from Sam's description. Not even the song. Oh my god this movie
You are cruel.
I DON'T WANT ANY SPOILERS THANK YOU VERY MUCH BECAUSE I HAVEN'T WATCHED IT YET HAVE A GREAT DAY AND GOODBYE
#brocken
When I know movies are trying to pull at my emotions, I start playing a random club banger in my head.  Hard to cry and think “go shawty, it’s your birthday” at the same time.
It was sad don't get me wrong but I never cried at it but his narration did make me cry
I never even got close to crying during up  It just didn’t make me sad
This would be perfect challenge for me EZ
Is it bad that sad scenes make me die laughing sometimes
Id win this sooo much…. Unless you show me irohs song
Dude I’ve never cried to that it’s not even sad-
I cried just having it described.
Jokes on you I hate old people!
I cant watch up with crying
I've never successfully watched the beginning of up and not cried
Should've used nocturnal animals
Even the description had me crying, f***
The first five minutes of up are the funniest part of up 😂🤣🤣🤣🤣😂🤣🤣😂😂😂
I laughed when she died
UP had no right being so sad
I didn't cry during the beginning of Up. I got livid they didn't adopt a child or get some pets but instead dedicated their entire lives to funding an adventure only one of them got to go on with a random kid. I felt she got cheated out of happiness... well, out of _more_ happiness.
My god. Sam explaining while we saw their reaction was just perfect.
Shit makes me cry
Bruh people are way too emotional that shits funny
As someone who barely shows much emotion I can say, I did not cry lol
Is it really that sad because I never shed a tear when watching it
Staaaahhhhppp even your description of it made me cry
I don't cry very easily so I didn't shed a tear or even get soggy eyes any time that I watched up
This episode was hell
Not to sound too cynical, but I always thought the first part as almost not sad at all. A lot of people don’t find a person and live a long and loving lifetime together.
I cant believe I said "Oh she's dead!" Joyfully when I first watched Up. Damn I was a psychopath when I was 6.
#brocken
Bro how does those people haven’t seen up yet?
I like the yellow dress lady. She's so expressive.
I never understood crying at movies
This episode was so wholesomely sadistic.
Jack and Jill? 🤔
what a wonderful episode - absolutely recommend ❤
Incredible episode
If I was on that show i would have started laughing towards the end of the video so everyone would be confused
I literally do not cry at this stuff. I’m soulless
The first 5 minutes of up is the saddest intro to a movie you can have, when i first watched it i never shed a tear, go by 5 years to when i was 8, maybe 9, i cry, to this day it can still make me cry, it has a story even though it's 5 minutes, Up is probably my favorite disney movie, i dont give much of a care for the other disney movies.
Me, with autism: 👁👅👁      ✨💀✨
As soon as he said 4 or 5 minutes I was like up?
Ngl I would start laughing.. Yeah yeah.. I'm heartless
Me, a psychopath: AHA! CHILDS PLAY
⟟ would just joke through the sad.. Lolz
I didn't know they were doing a try not to laugh challenge
If you can watch the beginning of up without crying, you’re legally a psychopath
This is my favorite movie
I laughed when that happened
Bro I literally don’t cry at anything Idk how this makes people cry
I’m not the only one who didn’t cry watching Up right?
I’ll never cry when I was younger I saw it over 1000 times
I'm sorry I laughed at "crossfade I to her funeral" lol
If the song was also playing i would cried... waaaaay more than just with the description.... like i did
Up is the only movie I've ever cried to
“It’s so sad” she says while laughing
My biggest flex is that I didn't cry during up
Is it bad that I don't cry to it
Half of that description was enough for me to know it was Up
I laughed....
I’m pretty sure I have no empathy as no scene in any Disney movie/show has ever made me feel even slightly remorseful
Damn that's cold man, real f cold
Forcing people to watch 5 mintue of up is just cruel. 😭😭😭😭 Only reading the titlr and i almost in tears.
Idk how but I guessed they were watching up
GOD DAMN IT! I almost started crying from just the read over and remembering the movie.
Me not crying at all and instead just thinking of cat pancakes (whatever the hell that is) 🧍🧍
That's cruel and unusual treatment
This isn't a game anymore, it's torture 🤣
So is taking Prozac for that game a performance enhancing substance
Women:its so sad Also her laughing
I laughed at that part of the movie
"First 5 minutes of Up" Bro, this ain't a Don't Cry challenge, this is an injection of depression into their bloodstreams
Ayo I don't remember this from up
This was fkin BRUTAL Jesus
Ez up
I feel like they’re just a weak
No it is actually called sadness not the description you have given
I’m not crying your crying
I think like 95% of the people I've ever met cried during Up.
Then vid default dances on him let’s goo
Me: *doesn't cry*  Also me: Am I a monster?
They’re tear jerking with a power winch in this one.
I’ve never cried in a movie….. not even Up, this is a piece of cake
Same energy as: it's a sad story (laughs)
I’m way too cynical for this
I'm not crying you're crying * starts profusely crying
that part didn’t make me cry, the spider man made me almost cry though. first time i’ve ever almost cried watching somethinh
THIS IS THE TOUGHEST SCENE EVER!!!
Man this episode was a rollercoaster of emotions
If you are immune to this part of Up then there is something wrong with you.
This scene doesn't make me teary at all. Am I a monster?
I’m crying just hearing him describe the scene
Did people actually cry when they saw this?
Dammit, even hearing sam's description made my eyes tear
Dont cry challenge: Women laughs
It’s ineffective! I am a heartless bastard
Funniest Pixar movie ever well it isn't that sad after the first 7 minutes but the start is hilarious
Neve cried at a Disney movie ..thy should be sued
I still haven't even gotten past that scene. I tried regularly when it came out but I've given up the dream.
Come on you know that’s an impossible task
as he was telling whats happening the movie is playing in my head
Ohhh noooooooo I've seen the full movie...
I wonder how to people find that scene so sad I was like ok she’s gone so now what
Both my mom and her sister passed away from cancer a few months apart and after spending a really hard time alone I decided to take my mind off of it by watching something carefree and uplifting. Browsing through titles I settled on 'Up' not knowing anything about it besides the picture of a house flying with a lot of balloons.  ...5 min later the movie was paused and I was on the floor weeping inconsolably for 90 min.
My life is like UP, I'm with the girl of my dreams, we are engaged, it's beautiful and terrifying, I'm so grateful.  Oneday her or I will come back home alone, and the other will never be forgotten ❤. Why must we die... why...
Are you talking about up?
I highly recommend watching this episode. It has a twist that once it hits you is guaranteed to leave YOU crying as well.
Do brothers only seen one clip it is deviating
I want you all to know that Up was my favorite movie when I was in kindergarten and I never once cried while watching it
Up literally made everyone who seen it or heard it is in for emotional doom
The guy who voices the old man is dead now rest in peace
Is it bad that i laughed?
I’ve actually never cried during this scene is there something wrong with me   I’ve also never cried when mufasa the dad from lion king died.
Wait that was a miscarriage? I thought she got cancer what is wrong with me
And thevrest the rest of the movie following it is dogshit.
I've never seen Up before but that first five minutes seems lit!!!!!
Up is the best comedy of Disney history and most definitely the first 5 minutes are the funniest
The first minutes of up had better story, character development, emotion, and everything else most films and stories can't do in hours.
What even is life? A series of plot twists only to end in a doom we don't know how and when is going to happen? What will it be like after? Eternal life trapped in our own mind in a world of our own creation? Life is an odd thing. I mean, a plenty of things don't make sense. For one, are nuts just a status symbol for squirrels, because I've only ever seen them lightly nibble on them and burry then soon after. Or how Jellyfish and cucumbers are both 95% water which means there is a 5% difference between. Jellyfish and cucumber. Now what if we could read each other's minds? The secrets of life unlocked. But what if two mind readers read each other's minds? Whose mind are they actually reading? The human anatomy is confusing as well. Your fingers have finger tips but your toes don't have toe tips yet you can tip toe but not tip finger. Time that we as humans also allow ourselves is confusing. Two people can be born at the exact same time but have different birthdays due to timezones.   Now just because I want to ruin your day and potentially make this the longest comment you might read on this video, what else should I type out here? I'm building an axolotl aquarium on my minecraft world. It's a much room island in the sky with fence posts up around the edge to keep the axolotls from falling into the void below.  To waste your time even more, here's a random grammar term; Comma splice.  A *comma splice* is where you try to connect two independent clauses with a comma.  Example; He likes to bake, his specialty is cupcakes.  We can easily fix this by adding a conjunction, making them two separate sentences or adding a semi collen in place of the comma.  Examples; "He likes to bake, and his specialty is cupcakes." "He's like to bake. His specialty is cupcakes." Or; "He likes to bake; his specialty is cupcakes."  While I am here I might as well also teach you some Latin. If you are determined to offend a grown man as I often am, simply say "Tu es non vir, sed puer." In Latin this means "you are not a man but a boy."  Walk off after saying this. If they don't speak latin/understand even a little bit of Latin this will leave them in confusion which is funny. If they can understand they can have a variety of reactions that may or may not be to your advantage. Some men just have a fragile masculinity.   What else should I add while I'm here? . . .                                  Never gonna give you up                      Never gonna let you down                        Never gonna run around or desert you                      Never gonna make you cry                     Never gonna say goodbye                       Never gonna run around and hurt you                             In truth, I only know some of the lyrics so don't come at me. I'm also currently watching Hotel Translivania 4; the Transformation.  My transformation rhymes with transportation and speaking of which, I got a new car for free, AND a new bike for 300$. I wanna learn how to ride a skateboard but, yk, I'm very clumsy and would simply fall off only to be rushed to the hospital in a panic as I bleed from my imortal wounds.                      Imortal wounds are fun.                           When I was in kindergarten I had a seizure while riding my bike down a hill AND the chain snapped so I couldn't use the brakes. I had to to get stitches in the hospital later on because I road into a chain link fence and a trash can. It was extremely painful and depressing for the 4-6 year me on top of that majestic bike.  My brother later took the wheels off the bike for his custom mountain bike that he put a motor on and gave to me around a year ago, but I wrecked it (as expected by a clumsy child.)                              I gave my cats drugs. It's frankly scarry how they act when they are high off the cat nip. One ran into a door and the other is destined to steal my kneecaps, bloody scars trench my leg as I fight through the pain of a drugged Siamese kitten and a spotted calico. Maybe if I weren't such a fool.                                Time to start over;                   What even is life? A series of plot twists only to end in a doom we don't know how and when is going to happen? What will it be like after? Eternal life trapped in our own mind in a world of our own creation? Life is an odd thing. I mean, a plenty of things don't make sense. For one, are nuts just a status symbol for squirrels, because I've only ever seen them lightly nibble on them and burry then soon after. Or how Jellyfish and cucumbers are both 95% water which means there is a 5% difference between. Jellyfish and cucumber. Now what if we could read each other's minds? The secrets of life unlocked. But what if two mind readers read each other's minds? Whose mind are they actually reading? The human anatomy is confusing as well. Your fingers have finger tips but your toes don't have toe tips yet you can tip toe but not tip finger. Time that we as humans also allow ourselves is confusing. Two people can be born at the exact same time but have different birthdays due to timezones.   Now just because I want to ruin your day and potentially make this the longest comment you might read on this video, what else should I type out here? I'm building an axolotl aquarium on my minecraft world. It's a much room island in the sky with fence posts up around the edge to keep the axolotls from falling into the void below.  To waste your time even more, here's a random grammar term; Comma splice.  A *comma splice* is where you try to connect two independent clauses with a comma.  Example; He likes to bake, his specialty is cupcakes.  We can easily fix this by adding a conjunction, making them two separate sentences or adding a semi collen in place of the comma.  Examples; "He likes to bake, and his specialty is cupcakes." "He's like to bake. His specialty is cupcakes." Or; "He likes to bake; his specialty is cupcakes."  While I am here I might as well also teach you some Latin. If you are determined to offend a grown man as I often am, simply say "Tu es non vir, sed puer." In Latin this means "you are not a man but a boy."  Walk off after saying this. If they don't speak latin/understand even a little bit of Latin this will leave them in confusion which is funny. If they can understand they can have a variety of reactions that may or may not be to your advantage. Some men just have a fragile masculinity.   What else should I add while I'm here? . . .                                  Never gonna give you up                      Never gonna let you down                        Never gonna run around or desert you                      Never gonna make you cry                     Never gonna say goodbye                       Never gonna run around and hurt you                             In truth, I only know some of the lyrics so don't come at me. I'm also currently watching Hotel Translivania 4; the Transformation.  My transformation rhymes with transportation and speaking of which, I got a new car for free, AND a new bike for 300$. I wanna learn how to ride a skateboard but, yk, I'm very clumsy and would simply fall off only to be rushed to the hospital in a panic as I bleed from my imortal wounds.                      Imortal wounds are fun.                           When I was in kindergarten I had a seizure while riding my bike down a hill AND the chain snapped so I couldn't use the brakes. I had to to get stitches in the hospital later on because I road into a chain link fence and a trash can. It was extremely painful and depressing for the 4-6 year me on top of that majestic bike.  My brother later took the wheels off the bike for his custom mountain bike that he put a motor on and gave to me around a year ago, but I wrecked it (as expected by a clumsy child.)                              I gave my cats drugs. It's frankly scarry how they act when they are high off the cat nip. One ran into a door and the other is destined to steal my kneecaps, bloody scars trench my leg as I fight through the pain of a drugged Siamese kitten and a spotted calico. Maybe if I weren't such a fool.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Although my hand may be in pain and my phone is starting to lag of the words I have I typed so graciously, I appreciate your time viewing my comment (if you made it to the end).
HAHAHAHA *You fool* . You really think you can make me cry after watching no life no game zero.
Laugh, you won't
F
Was that supposed to be sad I never cry at that
That first 6 minutes at the funniest of the whole movie
It makes me smile to watch others cry😃
I’m so weak I cried at sams description alone
I just watched this episode and I cried probably as much as Jess
I have seen it, it is not that sad
Yeah this is sad but nothing beats that stupid try not to cry video from 2016-2017 maybe 2018 if you know you know   Edit: I FOUND IT https://youtu.be/Rx1ZH0WV164
I do the same thing "It's sp sad" *laughs*
Somehow I ain't sad at it
I'm a bit emotionless to be honest. Very few things make me cry out of sadness
Even though I’m not even watching it it’s still sad
Feel like this is one of the few challenges I would win, y’all don’t know the type of angst I consume everyday lmao
I laughed and I don't fell bad
Honestly... I don't think I ever cried to that part in UP... I'm  B R O K E
I remember watching up for the first time when I was like 4. It wasn’t so sad at the time but now I realize that it’s actually a pretty sad story.
I remember I used to watch this scene in high school to cry lmao, and I’m a 6’2” male… one of my biggest secrets is Disney movies making me cry (especially monsters inc. ending)
I would have won that round
Top ten saddest movie opening. Number 1 Up. We all know why
I cannot think of any sadder 5 minutes of media ever. It breaks my heart every time even though I know it’s just a story…
😐
Kinda funny
I kept a straight face the whole time. Call me a sociopath all you want, but I just don't cry at movies or TV shows
The only Disney movie that can make me cry
Yoo why do you gotta do us like that
The start of up is 1 of the sadest thing ever. Watched up 5 times and it chocked me up all 5 of them 😐
I’m crying just hearing the synopsis
Up is honestly one the best Pixar movies
Sam was gentlemanly enough to don't speak of the subplot of traveling and adventuring, and the last picnic was to surprise her with the tickets to the Amazon forest he saved money to buy for her. I'm not a gentleman, and this aren't tears, it's raining inside my house for some reason.
How dare you remind me
I will laugh at that next time i watch up
How do people cry at it though? I've genuinely never cried about a movie. (Hope I don't sound rude, I actually don't get it)
I definitely would lose.
Unpopular opinion, up never made me cry, and I didn’t really like it
I don't find this that sad am I okay?
I will declare that, I did not cry while watching Up.  Infact; I have watched it Multiple times to slow down my serotonin and it sometimes worked. Other times, I just end up getting more excited to Roleplay as if I'm apart of the movie and joining gramps on the journey.   Imagination's wildddd
ExcUSE ME I STARTED CRYING SIMPLY BY HIS DESCRIPTION
Pixar's Up*
Pixar’s*
I never cried from this scene
bruh even listening to the narration almost made me cry ahhh
I wouldn't cry mainly because I gotta have a connection to the fictional character to start crying at something sad *cough cough* bt7274 in titanfall 2 *cough cough*
It's literally impossible not to at least tear up watching that montage 😭
Am I a monster? I didn't cry at this scene at all.
*Y’know, they just summarized a life and said “Let’s make a movie!”*
I would win this
That's fucked up bro I remember getting traumatized by that when I was a kid...
I honestly don't understand what it is a about this scene for other people, My eyes are as dry as they can be without shriveling up
i am a person thag can not physically cry when i am sad i only cry when im mad its kinda weird
I really don't know how people cry over things like that
I almost cried at something I can’t see just him describing it made me almost cry
Wonder how different Up would've been if they had just adopted instead
Everytime I watch that movie I start sobbing
O it can get much darker
As a kid I never understood the meaning behind "UP" but now that I saw this I understand
So I didn't cry or get teary like at all at this scene so am I heartless
That’s a wrong thing to do
Ngl I would just stair at the screen with a blank face and no emotion
Lady: its so sad Also her: "laughing"
The yellow shirt women: It's so sad, LMAO.
You fucking MONSTERS. That's just.... EVIL. That's so hilarious!
Is it bad that I haven't even teared up?-
It's not really that sad frozen dead bodies in Titanic was sadder then that :^\
When I was in high school I had to take an art class and the teacher wasn’t all there in the head. She made us watch this scene three times in a row once, a girl stood up and left after the first pass through and a guy started crying after the third
You’d have to play a video of my grandpa’s funeral to make me cry.
hot take: up is about 10 minutes of academy award winning short film followed by about an hour of truly mid pixar standard fare, with only like 1 or 2 scenes that come even remotely close to the beginning
This sounds like up
Not to flex but for some reason I can't cry in UP
Up was sad when I was younger. But it's agony now, since my grandparents aren't doing too well. The falling scene hits way too hard after rushing to the hospital because their neighbor called and said "Your grandfather is getting wheeled off in an ambulance, he had a falling spell." I can't watch Up anymore, at least not without skipping the first bit.
These poor souls.... I watch it twice every year my Spanish teacher turns it on after finals
Y'all are babies. It's really not that sad. Shit happens all the the time IRL.
The rest of the episode is far more twisted. Highly recommended.
Sometimes Game Changer makes you laugh. Sometimes you want to talk to the writers, just talk to them. Nothing's wrong, just want to talk to 'em
Once she fell over I died, I couldn't stop thinking of "I've fallen and I cant get up" 🤣
....HOT TAKE INCOMING...   UP WAS BORING, THE INTRO IS OVERHYPED AND THE ENTIRE MOVIE IS NOTHING SPECIAL AS I FELL ASLEEP DURING IT 3 TIMES! I TRIED TO WATCH IT ON MULTIPLE OCCASIONS AND NEVER FINISHED THE FILM.
everyone: saying they cried while he read it   me: didn’t even feel remotely sad and didn’t cry, and just kinda stood there like🧍
Up
“They’re watching up”  *chuckles* oh no…
Try the first 3 minutes of encanto
who cry’s at this
And all that happens without a single word being spoken
I'm Confused is everybody crying cause I didn't
HAHAHA FUCKIN DIED
Omg.. I hate and love this movie so much😭.
Was honored to synchronise young Elis voice in croatian for this movie. Cried a little when i was first time watching that movie, and cried like a little bitch last time i watched it :')
For some reason I'm usually able to not cry at Pixar movies. It's not that I'm heartless or not sad my brain is just weird 😅
Damn I Teared up just hearing the description….
I got this in the bag, my mum yells at me all the time for not having enough sympathy!
I didn't even hand to watch to start crying the description was enough
I never cried at a movie before
This should be counted as torture
You are evil. EVIL. Making someone watch the opening to Up and challenging them to not cry. You have given these fools an impossible task.
Pixar runs of tears!
All I have to do is listen to the music and I'm crying.
And people still ask me why I never rewatch UP
I have no soul I am immune to crying.
I didn't cry the first 5 minutes of "Up"  Maybe i'm a monster
Up is pixar,not disney
Gets me every time. 😖
Bro I don't cry in movies (at least not anymore)
The first 5 minutes of up. Me-"No. No, no, no, no, NO! DONT FUCKING DO THIS TO ME!"
DIABOLICAL
That's the Adam Ruins Everything of the movies 😭
This would be an easy win for me 🤷🏻‍♀️
I would just done a seth Rogen laugh
It's by Pixar, not Disney!!!
You don’t even need to watch those five minutes. Just mention it to anyone and they’ll pause, stare of into space and their eyes will moisten.
Anyone who doesn't cry during this scene IS NOT HUMAN
... why didn't they adopt a child? Jeez.
Omg this episode was amazing. I cried through the ENTIRE thing. Would love to see more like these.
*nearly cries* its so sad *starts laughing *
💀 why'd I laugh the whole time
Good… now do the end of coco
I usualy cry just thinking about it but the way it was narrated in such a way made me cry even harder
I think that part is sad but it doesn't make me cry, the only scene in animation that has actually gotten a tear from me was when uncle iroh sang leaves from the vine for his son.
I don't think I'd cry, I never saw the movie so I'd probably be surprised because I've been imagining it in my head and it would probably be different
Lmaoo
I fell that would be a torture tactic that is against the geneva convention
this is basically torture.
Wasn't Jess the one who said she cries at commercials sometimes? This was rigged lol
E
Wait i was supposed to cry?
Tbh I wouldn't cry a single damn tear ok idc if i look shit if I'm winning something I cant cry
why did I cry with him describing the scene?
Up is such a great comedy
I STILL cry when I watch that part soooo......
This is such a good movie.
Buzzfeed trying to act like they are human and can feel emotions
The only thing meaner than this is the end of the Iron Giant.
Gonna be honest, I didn’t cry during the first 5 minutes of up…am I a demon?
I would have been godly at that, I just laughed at this video, so I would have easily won
I think I wouldn't cry but get little teary. But Coco, Hector singing to his daughter. Well damn that would make me cry for sure 🥲
I'm not even watching it and I started tearing up.
Up
I just smiled from this
I laughed at this part, idk why
I have never cried watching up
Up is such a sad movie. It’s sad but good.
U have literally set them up for failure damn thats savage
I have seen that movie like 100 times I don't remember a damn thing he said in that movie
As someone who watched this the day it came out, I'm proud to say I still love and will not hesitate to cry to this movie
Aaannd I cried
You almost made me cry
it’d b funny if one em had a straight face the whole time
That’s the funniest clip in the movie! Cmon guyssss…
The intro to this movie destroyed my mom when I was a kid, and I remember just looking at her and wondering what the problem was. Then I watched it about 10 years later and now I get it.
Why would you do that to someone
I remember trying to watch up and couldn’t get past this scene. Watched the same scene 10 years later and cried even more than the first time since I actually understood what was happening. Still have gotten further than the scene and don’t know if I ever will. So sad
I never cried or got teary-eyed watching this
This episode was so good
I'm not crying you're crying
I don’t know how people cry at the movie up I have never cried watching that movie
I think the safest part was when they pan to the funeral and it was just him and the balloons
I would walk out. This is like literally hiring a hit man for someone mom and telling them about it live as it happens. This is just as bad as that. Maybe even worse.
Using "Up" is cheating in a dont cry challenge. Right up there with videos about a dog's last day.
I didn't cry because  i promised that i would cry unless if something happens to my mom and (if i date) my future wife.  So it wasn't difficult.
I've never cried while watching UP, I'm just that dead ins-.... Strong....
IM NOT EVEN WATCHING THE SCREEN IM LISTENING TO SAM SPEAK AND I AM CRYINGGGGGGGG
*cackles in neurodivergent and unable to show emotions easily like normal people do*
This is one I will cry to every time!!
God, this is so fake as hell.
Love that freaking movie
Gen z: I do this bullshit 8 times a week :]
Just watched the episode. Please deduct a point from me as I definitely cried
Who hasn't seen the movie at this point? They should be able to watch it and block out the emotion, lol
I never understand why they didn’t adopt a child
I heard "first five minutes of disneys up" and i knew immeately what kind of pain id be watching sprawl across those peoples face
Sir stop I've cried enough today
I watched it for the first time a few months ago and it made me cry more than once, one of my most favourite movies ever created
I did not cry
I dont cry to this movie, and people call me weird cause of it lmao.
Satan to Sam: "I just want to say, I'm a huge fan"
So I know everyone tears up at this opening scene, but it's even worse when you have an uncle and aunt that looks just like them.  Love you Aunt Theresa and Uncle Mike.
Ive never cried during up
I lost
Please tell me you made them watch Borrowed Time
I’m so heartless
I love jess
Nah, just a cartoon. I'd own this game 😆
I laugh watching the beginning.
I wanna cry just listening to the description 😭😭
It was worse, because in the movie the whole plan was he was going to give her tickets to go to Paradise Falls at that picnic, but she fell ill. I don't think I'll ever watch that movie without crying
Ed Ashner the voice actor for the Carl Frederickson passed away last year
He said “first four or five minutes” and i was like *oh no*
The husband broken     Me soulless
😭😭😭😭
I cried just because I remembered it
Ez
I know I'm evil but why does this make me laugh
If I was in this game show, I don't know if I'd specifically cry, since I've seen that scene so many times, but I would yell "Oh fuck you guys" and take the L anyway, because God damn if it doesn't break my heart every time I watch it.
Guess i ruined Up by watching it at 0 years old and comprehending nothing, lessening the effect the scene has on me. I just remember feeling like it was sad but i didn't know why except for the fact the movie wanted it to be sad
Bro I literally have tears rn and I’m supposed to be getting ready for a partyyyy
Is it bad that I was laughing
I swear the first four or five minutes of up is more emotional then the entire twilight saga
Thing is that I never cried to this
That's rough isn't it
Now that im thinking about it a don’t cry challenge would probably be harder than a don’t laugh challenge
Reminder: this is a kids' movie.
TOO EASY( pun intended)
Bruh Im tearing up and I'm not even watching
am i the only one whos never cried at up-
Hey Disney why the fuck haven't you made the first five minutes of UP a TV show yet
I have never cried during up. I have watched it a multitude of times. It’s a good movie
Why am I crying 😭
It breaks my heart mainly because ellie passed and now has the voice actor of Carl (Ed Asner) passed last year 💔😢
Why would you do this
If you don’t cry to the first five minutes of Up that’s because you’re dead inside and incapable of loving 😂 😭  It’s a good way to see if you’re dating a serial killer
God. That is brutal, I remember struggling when I first watched the movie
Sam is just torturing them now
This scene still makes me cry and it's the first 5 minutes of a happy Disney movie. 😭
So what theme do you want this new kids movie to be about? Pixar: *sobs* MAKE IT FUCKING SAD. ABOUT A LITTLE OLD COUPLE UEUEUEUEUEUE AND MAKE THE OLD MAN HAVE A SON LATER THAT HE COULDNT HAVE UEUEUEUEUE AND MAKE THE OLD LADY BE ADORABLE BUT SHE DIES UEUEUEUEUUEWAHHHWAAAHHH
Didn't even need to make the rest of the movie and it would have just been a sad love story.
Idk but I really cannot feel bad for fictional characters. I just can’t. So when I watched Up I was just sitting there quite uncomfortable waiting for the first part to end :/
i watched this when i was just 5 and i didn't even shed a single tear 😂 even to this day im 15 and im still not crying
This breaks me because the first time I watched up in the theater i had a 5 year old behind me. And every time something sad happened the child could relate to an aunt or uncle and when the lady diednhe asked if she was the same place as daddy
How do y’all cry from a cartoon
Man, the beginning of Up needs to come with a trigger warning
Oh you thought that was bad? Watch the first and/or second episode of Attack On Titan
if i was told not to cry while watching it i probably could, not because im a cynical bastard, but mainly because when the sad parts come up in any movie I just focus on other things to stop me from crying in front of others. i dont not want them to see me cry, it just feels weird crying in front of other people for some reason that i cant explain. on my own tho I'd fucking bawl.
Even the description of the scene is soo sad, I almost cried
I thought it was pixar's.
I love that scene its hilarious ngl
The funny thing is if my mom isn't around me and my brothers joke about, don't think I ever cried at it, even when I was younger
That is all I have ever seen of UP. Cant take it.
If you've never seen Up, or nobody prepped you before you watched up, you find out that it's one of the saddest, if not THE saddest cartoon movies ever. . . I was not prepped and I was genuinely upset with my boy that recommended it to me because he should've warned me that it's sad throughout the entire movie! haha.
I used to babysit for a guy that worked on the lighting for that movie. He pointed out that any time you see the sunlight on her spot on their bed or her chair at the kitchen table, that’s Ellie watching over her husband
I watched it multiple times and everytime I cried.
I used to fall asleep to Up, but not before finishing that montage.
Heh jokes on you I can’t cry anymore.
Whole different story all within a couple of minutes
That movie always makes me cry
Haven’t seen up in forever
The intro to Up is just pixar flexing its power to pull on your heart strings.  Up: Subtitle: we dont even need a whole movie to make you cry.
When Disney made real emotional movies 😭
Okay thanks, haven't watched that movie in years but his description made me cry
I did not need this this morning!!!
Next up, (pun intended) the movie Down.   Cut to an image of a house just plummeting to the ground. It's a very short movie.
I normally laugh at these videos but the verbal description alone of these first few minutes has me tearing up like a bitch.
This is the most brutal clip ever, lol
“It’s so sad” proceeds to laugh
I'm tired as hell. I know what happens in the first 5 minutes of up. I'm not even watching the 5 minutes of up. It's being relayed to me. So it's at least half as sad. Why am I still tearing up?
I’m a monster so I don’t cry at that part
Never cried during up like ever
Spend the $5 on dropout, get just 1 month of it. For real, once you see just how much is on there, you'll understand.  -Game changer is the best game show I've ever seen -Umm Actually has SOOO many episodes, and Trapp is always a pleasure. -No Laugh Newsroom has what now, 6 seasons? And any episode with Amy is a downright hoot (plus, the two Grant-murdering episodes are spectacular) -Dimension 20 is a joy to watch   -Fantasy High seasons 1 & 2 are great   -Misfits and Magic is getting occasional update episodes, like the Christmas special   -The new series, A Starstruck Odyssey, has Zach performing at a level beyond even his previously incredible performances (and he's not even being a beautiful, blessed Himbo this time)  I gotta say, it's easily worth the small monthly fee
This is cruelty lmao
DISNEYS UP?! For shame
This was a lovely episode, just hopped over to dropout and watched it. Not everything has to be a game, but you can really go that extra mile and make people in your life feel special, if you only have the drive to try
There's nothing that will make you cry more than a Disney movie
That sequence is like 0 to 100 Real fast.
Even though I knew, it still makes me cry
This is sadistic. I love it!
The story is just the start of up
I would lose this entire game in the first 5 minutes
What's the next one, the opening to a dog's purpose????
If they played the last few minutes of the Futurama episode Jurassic Bark I'd lose, hard. Just hearing that song makes me sad.
I'm even starting to tear up but with the narration oh my god
That small part of the movie shoves me onto an emotional rollercoaster, faster and more intensely than most completed movies or tv shows
Didn’t cry once during the movie but “Up” is hands down one of my favorite 3D animated movies ever.
It’s not that hard to not cry. If it’s a challenge. Like yeah if I’m watching UP and I’m trying to pay attention and be invested in the story, without a doubt I’m gonna cry. But if the goal is to not cry I’m just going to think of other trivial things and not really let my brain sit with those characters and their emotions and then I don’t care. I’m not sad enough to cry.
EZ
Soooooo....Im the only person that didn't cry......
I remember watching this at theaters. I was too young to understand unfortunately. I watched it again years later and it didn't make me cry but now that I'm older, I think watching it again might make me cry unlike the other times I watched UP :'))
Up made me cry sooo hard
New method of torture: this on repeat, forever.
Bruh i almost started crying from his description alone
I laughed, dumbasses didnt think about adoption
You don't do that to people your evil
You know you've made a good movie sequence when one ends up teary eyed when the scene is being narrated.
Am I the ONLY person in the WORLD who didn't cry?????     I feel bad for not crying tho -
I watched this episode yesterday and was absolutely SOBBING at the latter half of the episode. Thanks sam.
Who hasn't watched up?
For why tho
They haven’t seen Up before? Pathetic!!
I'm stone cold. I'd win
Once I cried over a fictional van, once over a fictional violin, and even once over a fictional doughnut, but tbh those are the only time I have cried over someone or something fictional
I've actually never seen a movie that has made me cry, but I have some movies where I feel the nostalgia when it's over.
How get on show
The first five minutes of—oh no.
Like that movie is so sad especially if u think about it in a way like what if the old man shortly had a heart attack and they just didn't show him dying and the kid is guiding him to his heaven(the waterfall place) and the kid is his guardian angel
Watch Hachiko if you ever want feel depressed for a solid week
Man I feel bad because I don’t cry from anything
the other 1.5h of the movie is basically the writers making it up to you for the first 5 minutes by showing you uplifting and wholesome scenes nonstop.
Yeah i only get sad, if you wanna know why *im dead inside*
I was literally fighting tears while watching this
I've always found this scene super sad but him narrating what's going just... damn, hit hard.
That montage makes me cry every time I see it. They told a story beautifully without having to say a single word.
Pixar's Up. Not Disney. Give credit to the creators not the Parent Company.
that honestly almost brought me tears
I'm not even watching it and I'm already kinda tearing up. That is sad. That is a very sad intro to that movie. Also cause it will happen to most of us one day. Some not being able to have children either. I love this show though. I'm so happy they are back in the studio on set.
Honestly I feel bad for the old man but it wasn't enough to make me cry tbh
Nope. I'm not crying. You're crying. This movie breaks me every time.
I watched up
This was like the easiest challenge atleast for me.
sam’s description alone made me cry this is ridiculous
Ive never cried or seen someone actually cry from this movie
oh! this is brutal! Even without watching it with just Sam’s description it makes me cry.
This episode has me genuinely weeping by the end of it, it killed me in a good way
I knew what was happening as soon as the words "they are watching the first" were spoken
I'd lose.
This movie hit me hard when I saw it at 18 years old. It’s tuff for sure.
Ive never cried at the first part of the movie,  what i cried about what Carl going through the end of the book. That is what i cried about
That’s an easy scene to make it through. HOWEVER if it was the ending song to Enconto…. I’d be done for.
this episode is truly worth the subscription, y’all doing great stuff over there
I always cry at this scene. Always.
am I the only one that doesn’t cry at these movies
I never saw this as sad :/
The movie is “UP”
I can watch titanic without getting even a single drop of water in my eyes…
I am emotionless
I like to think I’m pretty good at not crying  But the mere mention of the opening of Up is enough to break me
I started full-on crying just at the description. Granted, I have a fever of 101.5 at the moment, but still.
It's just as sad listening to it explained generically 😭😭😭😭
Dude, I watched up expecting to watch a light-hearted, fun movie. This scene destroyed me. Fuck that movie lol.  Nah, it's pretty aight.
As someone who dosen't find the beginning of "Up" sad, this is hilarious
the description made me cry.
Up never made me cry
Not just the description of the scene making me ugly cry in my kitchen alone 😭
Every time I hear that music I feel myself start to get choked up. I don’t know how they did it, but they made probably one of the saddest scenes in movies to this day. The already heartbreaking scene mixing with nostalgia is just a double whammy that they did *not* need
That's just evil! I purposely skip it every time lol
I’ve never cried at this seen
People crying.....why smh
Am I a socipath? Because I never had the slightest tinge of saddness in the firts 5 minutes of up
We looked at the music of this scene in my a level class. There’s a leitmotif for the wife. The leitmotif is stretched to fit the frame, and during the marriage there’s a recognisable accompaniment. When she dies, the leitmotif drops out and is not played again and there’s a frame highly similar to the marriage frame and instead of the leitmotif all you hear is the accompaniment. Kill me.
I pictured it in my head but him describing it made me even sadder😭
“It so sad starts laughing”
How fucking dare you
Vcfhh
I remember the first time I saw up I was to young to realize that the wife died and I was just really confused where she went for the rest of the movie.
Up is my favorite movie
You don’t need to tell us. We all know
The Indian Girl: "Meh. Literally every 3rd Indian movie is like this. Disney is children's stuff, bring me some real trauma."
I've seen that movie over a thousand times, it doesn't get me
Have they not seen it before?
Up is prolly one of the few movies that made (and still makes) me sob uncontrollably like a child.
anybody who realized that that guy is a great story teller he should be a professional story teller
If you didn't cry at the beginning of Up, I'm sorry to tell you, you don't have emotions.
In all seriousness how do people cry over movies do their brains not register that it’s simply a movie
Me who didn’t cry watching this—
I actually started crying omg 😭😭😭
Still a better love story than Twilight.
I started watching up with my wife 5min in I'm balling and my wife whis not a crier looks at me and says "really the movie just started you can't being crying at this part" me" but itsss sniff sooooo sad 😢  they deserved so much more!!!"
Yeah whoever doesn't cry is not human
Bro I’m abouta cry 😭
Still a better love story then twilight
The old man on up was created by a guy who went to my college a few years before I started. I walked into class on the first day and told the professor he looked like the old man on up and he responded because I am then turned around and walked with a limp to the front of the class and told us all about his former student. Professors name was Arden burgquest (not sure if I've got the last name spelled correctly) This was around 2012.
I lost D:
Don't forget the fact that her funeral was in the same church they got married in.
I teared up just listening to the story
Damn I'm soulless as shit-
Literally when I try not to cry I turn my brain into schizo mode and think about them fucking dying and skull fucking and shit
This is easy af to pass
bro that one scene near the end where carl looks back in his photo albums of pictures of him and ellie and tries not to cry
I never saw my dad cry before until this scene in the theaters years ago. I cried too
and you as a viewer heard that iconic up theme song while listening to him describe the situation, and youre crying
I cry just thinking about Up, this challenge would suck so hard
That scene has never made me cry but it was very sad
I used that movie to get a splinter out of my eye teard right up so sad
me and the boys would be laughin
Y’all make me feel so evil for not crying
Sams Description made me sad
Am i a psychopath for not feeling any emotions, after listening to that description, despite having watched the movie?
Funniest episode yet.
Too easy 🔥🔥💪
Oh so I don't even get to know why, you basically just tortured them lmao
I know it’s supposed to be sad, but I never understood why people got so emotional on that section
If you don't feel something when you don't see that initial opening to Up, you ain't human. Also, Kevin is the star of that movie, haha
Up is one of the most emotional Disney movies
Am i soul less as soon as he said she feel over and is In the hospital I started laughing
My man's not even showing the first 5 minutes from up... he's only narrating it and I'm trying not to cry lol
i hate you so much i was already having a mental breakdown and then THIS BRUH IM SOBBING IN MY BEDROOM
This man is satan
I’ve never cried watching that
Never cried to it and dotn believe it's sad enough to cry to it
This whole episode was an emotional roller coaster.
you devil
Idk why, I can't cry
Funniest movie I've ever seen I loved the part when they fcking died
This episode had me absolutely bawling
I know this would make me a psychopath, but I didn't cry at any point while watching that movie.
Is it bad I was trying not to laugh
As a man that hit me hard… But I know this channel props to all of you I love you guys
I..I don't understand why people cry at that- I mean I understand, it's just not sad enough for me to cry at 🤷
I’ve actually never seen up and tbh I feel like it’s to late to start it
i cried and i didnt even w a t c h i t
I'd fail this so hard
This show is genuinely the main reason why I have a dropout subscription.
Is it a good or bad thing I dont cry about these things, I've only ever had 1 movie make me cry, Up for me was meh I didnt really like it tbh.
I cried from the description
Jokes on you, I've watched the intro of up 27 times and I no longer cry after the 6th.
Ah yes, the segment of psychological torture
I would definitely lose this challenge. I started choking up the second he said "Up". This whole movie is my Kryptonite. I haven't watched the movie in years, and every once in a while, I want to watch it again, but I decide against it, as I know I would be a mess by the end.
Up who?
I was crying from just the narration, the players had no hope of getting through without shedding a tear
I’d yell out “cope”
Damn thats fucked
Yknow how I know I'm a little fucked in the head? Because I feel the feels of the Up intro, but don't cry.
i hate the movie for how it makes me cry every time
Yep. It was an emotional rollercoaster for me the first time.
This episode was amazing and heartwarming
I didn't cry watching up
I never cry for a movie unless an animal gets hurt
As soon as he said "the first 5 minutes of up" I instantly remembered that masterpiece of a song and scene. I mean, the movie as a whole is fine, but EVERYONE... EVERYONE, HAS TO WATCH THAT INTRO AT LEAST ONCE! That scene is just a masterpiece.
i don't get it
Thank you for making me cry again,
sad? you think that is sad  it's more sad how many times you got rickrolled the last week
Yall are too sensitive. Real men only cry in cod campaign endings
Is it weird that i dont cry at that part
I didn't look at the title, so when he said first 5 minutes of up, I yelled "NOOOOOOO DONT DO THIS TO THEM"
never cried watching up
Not sad it's just life
Dude im crying rn
I think the older you get the more impact this scene has
I watch in my college art building in the public, and try my hardest not to cry.
I cried just listening to this crap
I know I'm not the only one who doesn't cry during that scene
Emotional incontinence
That gave me chills
Up will never not make me cry. I love that movie so much but that part kills me.
Have you never seen up? Ive seen it and I’m younger than them probably not much younger but still
I'll maybe feel sadder if I watched the video with the description, idk I'm just not moved
I’ve seen UP once. Once. In the theater with my sister and the kids. The kids were sitting between us, she and I were bawling and I said to her, “what kind of freak Disney movie is this?!?!”  I hate it. Except for Kevin.
Just take all my points you bastard
I may be a monster but this makes me feel nothing but it could be I'm more attached to animals and literally any animal being harmed will cause sadness
Did you know that he wears a bowtie to the funeral because he didn't know how to tie a tie and she tied it for him
Ok ngl I've never found it sad. It's meant to be a representation of life
I can watch up without crying ez
Where the big sad?
It just doesn't get to me anymore, am I heartless? That'd be kinda cool ngl
So does this mean I'm heartless?
I will never understand how people can feel sorrow for a fictional character
Sam’s description was honestly really great.
Was she laughing?
I don’t get why people say it’s so sad it’s pretty damm mid yeah that sucks but who cares it’s fiction
Wtf sam that is E V I L
for some reason, movies don't make me cry  but up? ;-;
This doesn't make me cry anymore cause I cried to much watching that movie
So.many emotions in the first 5 minutes. Disney could make a whole movie about it.
this is literally hell. like what satan does to the worst people in hell
I didn't cry during the movie but damn, Sams narration gave me the feels 🥺
that's sad ig
I've seen the movie like 20 times cause my baby brother and sister watch movies that we own
One is caught up playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈
I started wheezing
I wish I could feel sadness from movies or shows. I just can’t when I have real things to be sad about
Top ten forms of torture that are banned from war
Now I have a pretty good poker face but if you don't at least tear up at the first 5 minutes of Up then you are a sociopath
I could smash this challenge. Pros of being very low empathy.
I can't not tear up at the first scene of Up
Just the description was enough to get me :(
Me who has already watched the movie like 50 times: *cries*
I feel like I'm the only one that didn't cry watching up
Yep, you're gonna cry during this
I didn't see a second of the actual scene and I'm crying. That's how goddamn powerful it is.
I actaully got asked out because a cute girl saw my emotional reaction to this movie in theater.
For the longest time I never noticed he bought plane tickets to the falls for a gift when they went to the hill the last time 😢
This was such a beautiful episode
Time Bandits: It is pure undiluted evil, if you touch it, you shall surely explode! Game Changers:
😭😭😭
The fact that I smiled the whole time is just wrong and I did it
Its sad, ik. But I can watch this without crying easily.
Really? Is that so impossible?
HAHAHAHAHAHA😂🤣😂🤣
Easy clap
Ok time to come clean....I've never watched UP
He didn’t say anything about her dream and his surprise!
Many people forget that on that last picnic he finally bought plane tickets to their dream destination and he was going to surprise her with them but she went to the hospital before he could show her. Makes it so much sadder to see his proudness vanish instantly
Definitely not the only one crying just listening to just the description alone
I remember when movies had actual emotion in it not like what we got today
For some reason I never cried at that scene
I've never cried at Up.
I have yet to cry to the movie up. Honestly never loved the movie and never found it *that* sad
First 5 mins of Up is traumatizing. So thank you for this PTSD, sam
😭
Is it bad that would just start laughing?
That scene in up made me so sad
😭 gets me every time.
go watch this episode, this clip has nothing on the rest of the episode. you will cry
What about the trip to Niagara Falls ? They totally missed that.
Am I the only one that doesn't cry at movies?
i have never cried during this opening sequence
Americans
You're Evil.
The only movie i lost was Grave of the Fireflies, especially when you have a younger sibling
The first 5 minutes of UP is arguably the most hard hitting opening to an animated movie.
Ok I cried once y'all are lame
I remember not understanding as a child. However as I grow older, I understanding how painful it really is.
It's too early for this much emotion.....
WTF IS THIS! I SAW SOMEONE COOK A STEAK A MIN AGO AND NOW THIS
I cried only by his explanation and not seeing it. Why oh why would u do that? Jk I'm a crybaby anyways lol
This episode was so outta pocket sam if someone did this to me I would cry until I dried up and then when I got rehydrated I'd beat everyone in the room
Is this loss?
I didn't ask to wake up and cry today
That part of the movie still makes me super emotional 😭
⚠️ WARNING ⚠️  Major “Up” spoilers ahead
For some reason no matter how sad a movie is I find it hard to emphasize sometimes, if it was a book I would be bawling my eyes out but movies dont strike the same cord most of the time some do but most don't
The first five minutes of Up will drastically change after you fall in love. Nothing use to ever make me sad but after meeting my wife and having a son everything makes me cry now lol.
I never cried to this scene
Why make a child when you Can buy one?
I think someone edited a westlife song to this scene. It was one of the best music videos ever 🙂
i would start laughing
Disney did everyone so dirty with the beginning of UP
I cried so much during that movie
First time I saw i teared up a lil
This episode made me cryyyyy
I don’t really cry to this, dying of old age is normal and I usually smile when this first scene comes on because I’m happy that they loved eachother through out their whole lives And they were always there for eachother till the end, it’s not sad, it’s just life 🙁
I can count on my hands the amount of times I’ve seen my dad cry. Him and my mom were watching up, and when this scene played, she turned and saw him crying, and he sniffed and said, “what kind of SICK person wrote this?!”
Using up in try not to cry is cheating man…..
Weak
People think I’m a sociopath cause I don’t cry at this 👺
I already lost at the first 10 seconds
I do not regret my Drop Out subscription at all, even for just Game Changer alone. I only wish there were more episodes.
I would be very upset if you didn't use "Leaves From the Vine" from ATLA.
I started crying lol, it gets me every single time. Absolutely destroys me
I'm probably some kind of monster bc Up doesn't make me cry.  The rest of this episode, however, had me sobbing like a BABY. 😭😭😭
IT’S OK TO CRY at that scene. 😢 And I’m a man! There… I said it. I‘M NOT MADE OF STONE! 🗿 I have a heart ❤️
He should have built in a family dog dying
I laughed when I saw her cry
The moment when you didn't even watch the scene and you're still crying
This is actual torture I almost cried just from thinking about the first 5 minutes of Up
The worse part is, i would start laughing because i was told not to cry
Just the description got me sad
I can’t make it through that without crying.  It kills me! 😭
i literally teared up at Sam DESCRIBING UP, lol. makes me afraid to watch that movie again. Although THAT scene in Inside Out makes me cry more
Cried just listening to the description club
Pfft sad? Bitch that was comedy! The way she collapsed on the floor.
:T uhm I’m not sad about it like …at all it’s just ya know ….boring  (I’m not being rude it’s just my opinion and how I feel about up)
This is what the deepest pit of hell has in store for us.  Just a chair, a tv, and the first 5 minutes of Up playing on loop
I uh I have never cried when watching up
I'll tell you why I'm a psychopath, when I first watched Up, I laughed at the transition to the funeral.
Asking, as someone who has never cried while watching this sequence, am I a psychopath?
There's also a theory that he passed away too and the scout kid is a guardian angle taking him to heaven by allowing him to leave his connection to earth (the house) and the water fall is the gateway to heaven.
i started crying as soon as Sam started describing the scene....
Woah woah woah, you went too far there  I understand plucking nose hairs, and licking doorbells, I get it But letting them see that? That's cruel
Ok but he forgot the part where they find out she is infertile
dude i would have blasted my eyes
Never cried during a movie like this…other than a made-for-TV movie about Ricky Bell…a RB for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers way back, in the 80s (played by Mario Van Peebles). It’s called “Triumph of the Heart, the Ricky Bell Story”. I was about 10- or 11-years old.  On real life, Ricky befriended this white kid, with a debilitating disease (can’t remember if it was MS, or what it was). Well, later…they have a fight, and the kid ends up dying. All based on a true story, by the way. It tore Bell UP, so badly. Not long after, completely unrelated, BELL HIMSELF died. VERY sad story. Can’t remember if it was 2 parts, or just a 1-night event. All I remember is it GOT me, man. I cried like a baby, after that.  ONLY movie I EVER cried during or after.
Its so sad proceeds to laugh
I will never not cry at this opening
There's a way to win, and it is thinking about something else or nothing at all and not paying attention to what's going on.in the movie. You have to look at the screen but you don't have to consciously watch the film. If you actually pay attention and you don't get emotional you're dead inside.
This isn't fair, I am uniquely equipped to win this game due to emotional trauma and ptsd that have resulted in it being really really really really really really really, that's not enough, really hard to cry.
What kind of monster dont cry from watching the start of UP?
Ez
"It's so sad" (laughs hysterically)
I did cry so I won, but at what cost?
Am I the only one who watched this movie with cold heartless apathy
I haven’t cried once while watching up
I WOULD FAIL THIS 100%  I CRY EVERY TIMESSE
I will definitely lose this challenge
the key to not crying at this scene is to become completely absorbed in how square the guy's face is
Frick you Sam, Showing that scene is plain emotional abuse.  I like what you did, it's devious.
This is easy. Everytime I see that seen, I will just remember the Micheal bay version. I'll laugh at someone's death... Now that just sounds psychopathic.
I could never watch that part of up I haven’t watched up or lion king in years cuz they make me so sad
This makes me wanna cry....
Is it bad I have never cried to the beginning of up
SAM?! WHERE ARE YOU FROM??? THE DEPTHS OF HELL???
It so sad and then laugh
You forgot to tell them about the picture they painted on the wall about the place they always wanted to visit but never had the money to but put all their change together and when she collapsed he wanted to surprise her with the tickets
this movie never made me cry or feel emotional i gotta be honest i just.. didnt give a shit about this movie lmao
I didn't cry at all during this movie. No emotion. I might be heartless someone send help.
I was on the edge of tears
*emotional damage* meme here  Love the movie....makes me cry
You forgot the major detail of the trip to Paradise falls that they were dreaming of since kids. He bought her a ticket but before he could show her on the picnic, she had to be sent to the hospital where she ended up passing. And the Adventure Book. Goddamn, what a terribly sad start to a wonderful movie.
Only a monster doesn't cry at the beginning of that movie.
Everyone needs to get dropout and watch this episode!!! We’ll worth it and made me cry 😭
You can legit just play the score from this scene and anyone who has seen the movie will burst out crying. Sam didn't have to make them watch the video, that's overkill.
IM CRYING AND I DIDNT EVEN JUST WATCH IT
It makes me sad but I've never known myself to get teary eyed over a movie
I can't believe you've done this
I really like when they do episodes that are just an elaborate plot designed for one player
Not mentioning the part where at that picnic he was going to surprise her with two tickets to their childhood dream really lessened the emotional impact.
I cried just remembering this scene. I can’t do this anymore
I genuinely watched this episode four times in the two days that it's been out. What a beautiful thing to be so loved by the people around you. I highly recommend everyone see the full episode - the smiles and laughter are like medicine after this past couple of years.
Who else failed this without even seeing the scene??
i did not cry as a kid but was sad
I thought this was a fun show. How did you get so cruel? 😭
*Pixar’s Up
Watch episode 8 of violet evergarden. If you dont cry, you are not human.
The only way not to lose this challenge is to become a full-blown psychopath and just start enjoying other people's misery.
PLZ GET DROPOUT AND CRY WITH ME. Seriously Sam, never thought we'd get an episode like that
Back when Disney was good.
Second hand i still cry. I bawled like a BABY when i saw it in theaters and all the kids looked at me like i was nuts
This shit depresses me
I knew it would do nothing on Rekha.   Just put a fake sad face on. She's a psychopath
I cried during this whole episode. Lost so hard
I cried from the description
Way to win this challenge.  Say “wrecked” whenever something bad happens, so you feel like a bad person and don’t focus on how heartbreaking whatever playing is.
Is it bad that I laughed ?
I’m pretty sure this qualifies as psychological torture under the Geneva Conventions.
If u made me watch encanto I would’ve died
"It's called Up but damn am I feeling Down."
I love how sudden the movie's intro is. You think it's gonna be this fun movie and you're looking forward to watching them travel together and then suddenly she just dies. Just like that. And Carl is all alone, being ostracised from society.
Why would anybody cry watching that, like, "Oh no this part which every family related Disney movie has is so sad".
I fail
The narrative he did made it 3x more sadder
Idk why but laughing while saying "it's so sad" feels like it represents our society so well
I saw UP in theatre. People were crying. I got misty. There was a little girl who said "Mommy, he is sad." That tugged at the heart strings. There were sobs from all around as her mom choked "Yes, he is". That 5 minutes is a master class in nonverbal story telling. It is sad that children's cartoons have better writing than prime time TV.
For f*** sake, I cried watching this short, let alone the movie. I only rewatch Up jumping the begining
Low key anyone else fina laugh
My guy narrated this so well that it made me cry all over again
If you want a real funny but terrible moment you should try to see who can watch 2 girls 1 cup the longest
i cried just at sams description of the scene 😭😭
Sam's narration alone made me tear up.
As soon as I heard “The players are watching the first four or five minutes of Disneys-“ immediately thought Up.
I just watched this full episode and I’m in full tears now lol. I don’t even cry easily but hearing people say such nice things about someone I don’t know really got to me I guess lol
am i the only one that didnt cry in that scene?
you know a movie is good when it makes you cry in the first 5 minutes
That was a really detailed description... *Sniff*
Who the hell hasn’t seen this movie
Whyyyyy did you do this tooooo meeee 💧   Haha
This only kind of seemed annoying because of the fact that I would feel like they would have these types of reactions and movie theaters. And if you’re out here having a whole conversation in a movie theater with yourself as the movie goes, I’m pretty sure they’d find that really annoying
I could win this context not because it’s not sad enough but because I have improperly functioning tear ducts and literally can’t cry from emotion stuff, so I’d just be sobbing and sounding like I’m crying but no tears would come
I’d be great at this, never really cried at a Disney movie
I will never cry *watches endgame* ok I almost cry but no!
okay but have you tried being emotionally disconnected from the world, where the only emotions you feel and show off are joy and laughter? slowly falling into a pit of secret despair where you never feel terrible, and think it's a great thing, yet lose all connection with those around you because when something sad happens, you have no reaction at all and cannot possibly hope to empathize with them, while constantly waiting for the day that the dam bursts and all the emotions locked behind it unleash in a torrent of madness that cannot hope to be stopped?   I don't reccomend it.
Is it bad after 3 years I finally cry?
This challenge is perfect for me. I was always taught that crying was a sign of weakness and socially unacceptable, so now I just don’t cry.
I've tried to cry, and I can't cry at this part. BUT I START CRYING AT THE PART IN ENCANTO WHERE MIRABEL SAYS TO ABUELA "I'm sorry" LIKE WTF WHAT IS WRONG WITH ME
I’m not even watching and I started tearing up. This challenge is mean!
make it difficult, play Dumbo's mother lullaby scene
I would rather eat a plate of lemon parmesan than try this challenge
Up tugs at my heartstrings every time.
Up kills me. Every. Damn. Time. The feels 😭
That was so funnny
Honest for some reason that scene never makes me cry
If I just hear the up music I break down
I’ve never cried at up don’t know why just didn’t care
The fact Im watching this in black and white is even more heartbreaking-
Haha I killed her I poisoned her so he can be a depresso expresso and that’s why he hit me on the head
Have they literally not seen up before
for the first 40 seconds i thought they were watching Inside Out then i realized he was describing Up. and i was like “that’s not inside ou- WELL OFC ITS NOT THEYRE WATCHING UP”
God damnit y’all, I just watched this episode, and I did not give you permission to make me ball my eyes out at 10 PM on a Tuesday.
Dude I was laughing the entire time…. I’m fucking soulless
I'm weeping from the audio description Sam gave
i never cried while watching Up, but like years after i last saw that movie i thought about it in my head before going to sleep and boy oh boy the floodgate was blast open. it was just literally a shot to shot memory in my head and i was so devastated that i cried for like 2 hours and then tiring myself to sleep.
I'd really like Sam to narrate a short story about my life during my funeral in the same style he did the first few minutes of Up.  It'll be a comedy, though
L
Then why u laughing
Sam is so good at voice over it makes me want to make something just to pay him to talk more.
Up was the first movie I truly felt the emotions too
People: I cried during this scene  Me: ha animated character death get screwed
I'd totally win this game. I have a face that I can make that makes me not cry.
Am I the only one who didn’t cry when seeing the opening for UP? Like I just watched it with a straight face I was 13 I did not care about this dude being childless and losing his wife I wanted to see talking dogs and Russel be annoying
Just him describing the story brought tears to my eyes. Damn! That's a good ass movie.
The intro to Up is the one thing that always brings a tear to my eye... doesn't matter the context, the time, how it's reference. Every goddamn time.
oh hell yeah I'll go watch this right now
this would be super easy for me, I’ve never cried when watching Up. I was 3 when it came out and didn’t have much of an attention span, nor did I understand the concepts of death and birth. When I finally did understand what was going on, I was already numb.
I feel horrible for laughing
Jokes on you I haven’t cried in years😎🥲
Dude when my grown up, big manly manly dad took us kids to see that film, he even started silently crying.
This is evil. I cry just hearing about the scene, jesus
Gonna be honest, never cried during this part of Up
I laughed when he said “the old woman fell”
Well, I hate to be that guy, but... isn't the first five minutes of UP Carl in the theatre, cutting to him running outside pretending to fly like his idol, hurting himself, getting helped by Ellie who lives in the broken and abandoned house they'd later fix up and live in, them becoming friends, and then falling for eachother?
Bro, there is only one scene ever that made me cry, the end of big hero 6 when Baymax launches Hiro out of the portal, so intense
This was a strange episode; it was funny and cruel, and then it was uplifting and beautiful, and then it ended and I suddenly felt a sadness that I can only describe as "Jess Ross-lessness."
Sam's Sadistic
Brilliant episode. Worth the subscription alone.
I love up, I’m surprised so many people haven’t watched it
Okay everyone: if you like Jess Ross even a LITTLE BIT, I implore you to check out the full episode, also bring tissue.
I watched up and i was blank faced the whole time, i dont understand how it makes ppl sad
this episode had me ugly sobbing at the end
I am a soulless monstrosity, so I never cried watching that
I have not cried a single time while watching up, I think I'm just emotionless.
The ending on this episode is actually good.
I've seen that scene many times and even Sam's description makes me teary eyed
I have never cried from that scene
Impossible not to cry at this. And if you don't then you are a robot and Infact not a human being at all
Ah damn it I lost
The beginning of Up is great and I always get misty eyed watching it, but the part that always gets me is at the climax of the movie when Carl finally turns the page of Ellie’s Adventure Book to see their life together. All this time Carl was convinced that he hadn’t given Ellie the adventure she wanted but he had given her the adventure she needed. When Carl reads “Thanks for the Adventure,” I sob.
She was laughing the tears away ❤️
Idk, I've never cried at this scene before and I ain't gonna start now
I saw up in 3d when I was super stoned and I cried so fucking hard. That scene is ridiculously sad
This episode was so wholesome, I cried. You can really tell how much you all care about each other 🥰
Oh, no...
Honestly failed this episode so hard, I will cry at everything (and I did more or less immediately)
How I hate to see it described as "Disney's Up" rather than "Pixar's Up"
I cried a little just on this description of the scene.
Padme: dies of saddness* Everyone: lmao 99: dies* Everyone: dies of fucking saddness
I’m surprised none of them started crying just from hearing they were going to watch the first 5 minutes of this movie. Genuinely, just being reminded of that scene makes my eyes cry waterfalls!
Look up Disney blam cam
this challenge is easy man, I only cry at the end of the movie👍
I'm not even watching it and still sobbing!!
I'd fail
I have never cried watching up. I am a superior being
I just watched this episode of Game Changer after I got home from work and, at first, didn't think it was going to be a good one. By the time it was over I had lost almost as many points as Jess.
You need to be a machine to watch that full opening sequence with dry eyes.
Trash movie
I've watched the movie so many times and I still cry EVERY. FRICKING. TIME.
It’s really not that sad though old people die big whoop.
I think the challenge should have been who can cry fastest. Yeah the beginning of Up is super sad, but it's not difficult to not cry.
The way I was begging Sam to stop describing it. I've seen this hell enough times Sam shut up, shut up, shut up.
Ngl... I always fell asleep at that part specifically...
I cried just with Sam's description jesus christ dude what kind of sick hell do the players deal with
Ngl I laughed the first time I saw that as a kid
I knew this was a targeted attack on Jess as soon as the episode started and im so happy i was right.
This episode made me full ugly-cry and I loved it
STOOOOOP i cried from his description alone
You know it’s good when his description of the events makes me cry
This episode was 10/10, I was full weeping and going "WHOEVER PUT THIS TOGETHER IS UNHINGED" because it was just the most violent assault on everyone's emotions. The moment Rekha started reading her letter I did not stop crying until the end. Could not recommend enough.
In my opinion, that's the best story Disney told.
Don't get me wrong that scene is very sad and moving... but I never cried from that scene.
I don’t find it sad. I find it beautiful. This will happen to most of us. We have a life to prepare for it. Live life to the fullest.
I feel like I’m in a minority here, but the beginning of Up isn’t sad to me. They spent their lives together and that’s awesome. They were obviously sad about not having kids (they could have adopted), but ultimately they were happy together so… not that sad to me 🤷🏻‍♀️
That intro really was the fastest emotional rollercoaster.
I never really found the beginning to Up sad
I started crying just thinking about the scene lol
The score for this scene is what really hits home for me. If I was just watching it with no audio I would be fine, but if the audio is there I wouldn't have a chance.
Bro. That cold i cant event beat that
Too easy
I couldn't tell if she was laughing or crying at the end
I feel sad but I don't really cry over movies am I a bad person?
Am i the only person that never cried watching this movie?
I would literally win. I would look so heartless.
You know, I’ve never had a type, but I know what it is now. It’s a game show host who loves to torture his contestants. My whole life makes sense. I’m in love with Sam, Mike Trapp, and Bill Hadar’s character in every SNL sketch. How did I not see this? I mean I connected with the guy who kidnapped people in Saw. What’s wrong with me?
I feel like I am one of few people who didn't cry when first watching Up, I am not saying it isn't sad just saying, I was too young to know what was going on exactly.
So the bitch died, ah well. Could have been his horse.     I'm so sorry. This movie broke me with one of the most beautiful instrumental intros and the whiplash of immediate tragedy. I'm also incredibly bitter that I will clearly never have what they did and no will kiss my forehead before I die.
This would be easy for me I know I'm a monster
Dude that's easy
I would love to know what on earth the premise of this episode is...
For those who haven't seen Up, bear in mind that the entire scene Sam described has zero dialog in it.
His narrating just makes it so much worse! 😭😭😭
Idk why but this made me laugh
Why the fuck am I crying just from HEARING the plot of UP
That's just the beginning to up.
Watch the version with Ed Sheerans "how would you feel" playing over it. Thats hard mode.
I would not be able to not cry
Fuck em
Sam and the writing team are mad geniuses.
Fk fk fk fk fk fk...
I could tell Jess was going to loose from the beginning.
You should do this again but then with the Tale of Iroh from AtlA when he sings for his son's birthday :c
I must have like a stone cold heart or something because I have never once cried during up
Up always make me cry in this part😭... Really good movie😍
Yeah fuck this intro.  Gets me everytime
I don’t know what’s wrong with me I want to cry but I can’t  Pretty sure I’m a sociopath
I’m not even watching it!!!!! Who put these damn onions next to me!
Wait it isn’t normal not to cry at this part? Yes I find it very very sad but people actually cry because of it? I don’t mean to be rude so sorry if this offends anyone- I hope y’all have a great day/night
I had dust in my eyes, literally no joke. As a side note I’d say byyyy at the end. And stereotypes that men can’t cry coming in clutch
Yesss! Guy's, watch this on drop out. It's this season's conspiracy episode!
The real joy killer is that soundtrack, though.  Nobody escapes that.
The opening of up has become what I fear most getting old with my fiance, having everything you need to be happy just to be alone once more in the end.
I remember watching that and I fucking laughed at it
Ngl, I loved Disney's Up, however, good goodness is the first 4-5 minutes an emotional rollercoaster.   It's one of the saddest openings in any of the Disney movies.
I started laughing because it's a good description and I've seen the movie several times
How have any of them not seen UP? It seems unlikely 😅
Am I a bad person for laughing at this?
I hate that all I can focus on is the fact that those are Sony MDR V6 headphones like those are damn good headphones go get a pair fuck
Easily makes you cry every time. We did a movie night at my high school and this was one of the movies that they played. All the girls lost their s*** and broke down.
This is just pure evil😂
This is the meanest clip I've seen of this show by a landslide. I was crying by the end and I wasn't even watching the video.
They're lucky they didn't play Uncle Iroh crying to a picture of his deceased son
This is just purgatory watching this over and over
You monsters. This is cruel and unusual punishment. The US  Department of Labor will not stand for this
We watched this in math and no one even reacted but the math teacher was so sad
still a better love story then twilight
i just went and watched this episode after seeing this short and i gotta say… omg. please, everyone, go watch it. you gotta watch it
Is... Is that fucking Stav?!
Seriously, the opening to Up may as well be a psychological weapon. It builds up such a wonderful story in such a short time, then suckerpunches you in the feelings.  Then it starts kicking you while you're on the ground sobbing.  It's such a maliciously crafted assault on happiness that I'm pretty sure it's meant to help track down replicants.
Aw no that's criminal
Legitimately this was one of the best episodes of Game Changer. I loved it so very much. Also as an edit; please subscribe to dropout so you can see the full thing! It's worth it!
My child mind was to stoopid to even cry lol
great challenge this episode. no sad here yet.
I never cried from that movie
🤣🤣🤣
New CIA advanced integration method coming soon to a Guantanamo prison near you
If yall want a try not to cry challenge then I'd recommend trying to watch the loving reaper movie on yt.
Man the first time I saw Up the entire front of my shirt was soaked in tears like someone had spilled a pitcher of water on it. I didn’t even know my face could produce that volume of tears
Not as sad as fallen kingdom though
For me it was a try not to laugh challenge
i can’t even listen to the music from that scene. i’m a cry baby i don’t care who makes fun of me.
I knew it.. some time ago i watched up for the first time after years, and i  cried for ten damn minutes!
Oh my god I'm trying not to cry just hearing him describe it and seeing the scenes in my head
I feel so guilty for laughing out loud like a madlad when Sam described the clip
Also impossible with the Tale of Iroh from Avatar The Last Airbender
I would probably be able to pass that challenge only because ive seen it 100 times so i mentally prepare myself before it happens
Don't DO this to me. I literally just got off the phone with my therapist 🙃
The first five minutes of Tarzan hit harder than UP. Fight me!
You should try it with "Riley talks and hugs her parents" scene from Inside Out. That one splits me in half.
You my good sir are a monster
Am I a fucking psychopath? I literally felt nothing
Either you cry and feel horrible for the day, or don't care about it and have everyone treat you like a monster. There is no winning in this episode of Game Changer   I love this torture
You wanna see tears, make them watch the opening act of I can only imagine
I never cried at that scene, don't know why others do
Why would you ever put someone through such torture!
only from Sam describing it I am BAWLING
Oh yeah. I still cry watching that scene. Now, I can also cry during Abuela Alma’s backstory in Encanto, while Dos Oroguitas plays softly. 😭
UP is an awesome movie
you want to really make someone cry? Show them the scene in homeward bound where Shadow the golden retriever decides is too old to make it out of the muddy whole and lays down to die
Was looking for a "still a better love story than Twilight" comment, ngl
I’ve watched this movie so many times when I was little I’ve basically become immune to this scene. I didn’t get it as a kid but that I’m older I appreciate it more. But it’s still not enough to make me cry.
The way that I never cried watching it and found it boring
i never watched up
Poor Jess. She cries so easily.
He forgot about they're unfulfilled dream to travel because life continually got in the way. Makes it even more sad.
I cried just by the description- and by some of the memories of watching the movie ajdbakdba😭
If you don’t cry there then you cannot cry at all
If you haven't seen the full episode on Dropout yet, highly recommend you go for the free trial and give it a shot.
My wife yelled "what the Fuck!!!" In the theater after that... It was great.
This episode got me bad. Y’all are sneaky and I love it <3
I mean it's alright overrated as fuck
This was probably the best episode of Game Changer, and I've said that 3 times this season
Just thinking about the song they play in the movie, makes me tear up. The same song that brought happiness and hope, also brought tears and mourning within a span of 5 minutes. It is the epiphany of the feeling memories can give you, I absolutely hate it
This episode - even more than the "Yes or No" episode - is one that I **IMPLORE** you YouTube-only fans who just watch the clips to please buy a Dropout subscription to watch in full! This episode is very much about the buildup over the course of this episode, this clip is honestly the tamest "tearjerker" they're subjected to, and it really benefits seeing the whole thing unfold.
This is cruel Sam.
Even that narration makes me cry
What an absolutely legendary episode
I didn't even read the title, but when Sam said the "The first four or five minutes ..." -I thought of Up?! Yeah, if you wanna crush anyone's feelings just watch the prelogue of UP!
EMOTIONAL DAMAGE!!!!!!!
Just seeing the *words* "the first 5 minutes of Disney's Up" is almost enough to make me start crying.
Everyone in the comments: i would win this episode  Me, having seen the rest of the episode: Maybe, but you'd feel like a terrible person because this clip is maybe the least tearjerking thing in the whole game. I'm pretty cynical, and even I cried by the end. Jess lost Hard and we love her for it. Go get dropout and finish this one, you won't regret it.
This. Is. EVIL! Sam, you monster. 😭😭😭😭
Dammit! Even just hearing Sam describe it, got me in tears again!
This brings back so many memories. I first saw Up over a decade ago as an edgy teenager who wasn't prone to crying at movies. This one hit me directly in the feels though, I couldn't help but shed tears at the introduction to the film. Such masterful storytelling, and all without dialog. The rest of the film was great too. If you haven't seen it, do yourself a favor and give it a watch.
Dude your narration almost made me cry
This whole episode will make any reasonable person cry, get dropout, just for this
I cried at his description.
Me: smiling throughout all this
Just you wait, Jess, the ante gets upped (hehe)
Damn you Sam!
I liked this as soon as I read the caption.
Sam, what the fuck?
Not me almost crying at sams description😂😂
this was easy
All I can say is I'm a huge fan -Satan
I hate you.  Damn it, who is cutting onions here?
I would totally dominate this round, I don’t cry for any movie or book!
This episode was so sweet, I cried happy tears on my morning commute today and I needed that
This episode is so sweet 😢😭😭
This episode was great. So funny when the whole thing turned out to be "Make Jess cry and do a rehersal wedding with her and her finance" episode. Someone was definitely cutting onions 🙈
I think i am the only one who didn't react 🤣
I literally teared up just at Sam's description GDI.
I'm over the scene but Sam describing it made pretty sad
I literally didn't cry even the first time
It isn’t even that bad
Is it weird that I never cried watching that movie?
Came here for some laughing tears...well, I got the tears🥺
The beginning of UP is the best story within a movie. I miss this Pixar. The current stewards of Pixar fail at story telling.
This episode wouldn't work on me couse im dead inside
i cried only from the description
Somehow Sam's description made it worse. Closest I've ever come to crying over the Up intro.
It's also a great lesson in cinematography. No one said anything in the scene,  and yet you know exactly what's going on. Don't tell: show.
I cryer so hard when I first seen this movie
This was diabolical.
So…Sam where are you from?
I think "Up" was described by a few critics as having the saddest first five minutes in a movie  Edit: Wow. Didn't expect this many up votes. Thanks!
I have never cried for a movie so easy pz. It’s sad but being heartless has its advantages.
I didn’t cry cause I didn’t feel attached to any of the characters so therefore I didn’t cry
Pussy things die.
Fuuuuck. I still cry from description alone.
I would force myself to laugh, just to throw a curve ball at them
Damn, I got choked up just hearing the description again. No tears though
why sam WHY ???
This scene never makes me cry, I don’t know why
It always makes me cry too
Up 💔
Pixar's up you mean
i wouldnt cry tbh
Jesus I never really understood the impact that Up meant to have as a five-year-old
Sam, that's evil
I got teary eyed just from Sam's description.
I haven't even seen Up. I had the scene described to me and I'm crying. Wtf. Why would you do this to them?!
I cried hard at the full episode
what the fuck did they do to deserve that?
This is cruel
this is literally hell. like what satan does to the worst people in hell
Firstt
