14:49   You know we're thirsty for you, this proves it.
I disagree. Clothing is utterly unnecessary.
Some of your coments show do not understand
In a 6D (3 space + 3 time) framework, Electron spin would be the atomic signature of a universal half-twist as the π phase shift between prograde and retrograde temporal waves that locks light into matter.
So spin 1/2 is smth like möbius strip
Oh no 😱😱😱 the electrons are antisymmetric 😢😢 what will the apartheid defense league say
They’re all the same electron? 🥸
3:40 - 3:44 I thought Matt was gonna give us a whooping 😂
How should we expect the center of a blackhole is spinning or not?!!  Does the infinitively dense center of a blackhole really have angular velocity?!!
This was fantastic to listen to and your ending thoughts were funny 🙂
This is very helpful background as a chemist to understand bonding
I think it is completely unacceptable in 2025 to have antisymmetric jokes on Youtube.
This guy is a genius.
Net flux lines of all electron clouds thread through the flux lines of all quarks in the nucleus at all times in continuous, unbroken loops and are continuously reshapped due to comined effect of all near & far electrons in various quantum spin/levels and that of all quarks in the nucleus in a dynamic action in all dimensions. That superimpose with masses of each of affecting paricles, interacting nuclear forces. Fundamentally follows maxwell's E/.M eqns in the space-time within atoms and neighbouring/far away particles. This is too difficult to solve due to dynamically changing field/force effects and current knowledge of science.
thanks Matt.... but I sort of am falling through my chair right now.    I blame the Higgs Boson...
What is it with Matt that he can't say "three hundred sixty" and "seven hundred twenty"? Is "three sixty" and "seven twenty" supposed to be cool? It's just wrong English.
Is it possible that the pauli exclusion principle only applies for observable spacetime, and that their ‘existent nonexistence’ is static and fundamental (sort of like entangling the information of two e that only ever existed in concept and in a nonmaterial state) and who’s equally fundamental entanglements still ‘affected’ (innately and unchangingly defined) particular and material reality in some way / operate as an energy-less medium of entanglement in order to transmit entropy? (That last part especially is probably a stretch but idk)
It's a shell not a spin it's everywhere at the same time until you observe it
This episode is the next best thing, to Matt's leaked nudes
Or maybe forcing them together is how you make anti-matter... 🤔 (same spin e-'s I mean)
I am a bit confused  they explained that if you had two identical electrons in the same state you would get something like g(A)g(B)-g(B)g(A)  Which would perfectly cancel out, And leaving no electron and that can't happen but my question is, that ah well the regular equation with the electrons in different states, Also would cancel out f(A)g(B)-f(B)g(A) Would still Equal 0 as they are just the same opposite states as well so wouldn't that also cancel out? Why is that one allowed but the one with 2 gs is not? Edit: Okay I figured it out, basically I was not taking into consideration spin, Sure if you just look at the spacial setting like shown in the video then yes the f(A)g(B) part can cancel out like the g(A)g(B) one But the key difference is that the ladder cannot be saved by spin like the other can, if you have  for example g(A spin up) f(B spin up)-g(B spin down)f(A spin down) then The Total wavefunction will not cancel out, because the different spins give different values, in this case the spatial arrangement is antisymetical and the spins are symmetrical, that's works out as only the total wavefunction has to be antisymetical but in the case of g(A)g(B)-g(B)g(A) since this is symmetrical the spins Has to be antisymetical but if you do that the values will end up in 0 and cancel out As such it's not possible, The video should of probably mentioned this about the total wavefunction cause I was confused for a long time. Edit 2:I made a mistake when I said that you cannot make the spins antisymetical in the same spacial snerio what I actually meant to say, is that for a wavefunction to not cancel out and equal 0 either the spins or spacial position most must be antisymetical, so you either have symmetrical space(i.e electron in the same orbital) with antisymetical spins(up and down) or the opposite.
I understood about half of this and now my mind is spinning - need cat videos to snap my brain back to normal
But why can bosons destructively interfere, but fermions can't?
अति निर्धारणवाद ?   अवलोकन सिद्धांत से गलत तथ्य हैं । प्रणाली से सत्य हैं ।
04:20 belt trick shows how two spinning things mesh around another to form a gear. In the process, orbital motion is observed from our reference  while each thing remains in its own reference oblivious of what we perceive as orbital motion. While both spins are prime movers in the gear, that’s not a problem as long as the spins cancel each other. In second belt trick, the linear motion is born: the gear jams since prime movers are meshed but spin in the same way. Question is what the belt represents? Why is the entanglement even possible?
2:50 Oh no, not the belt again! I promise I'll learn better next time father!
Why do I keep returning? I need an aspirin.
my god, he know im in my chair
Is there an easier way to teach this to us who aren't all physicists in your 19 or hopefully less minutes
I’m too thick to understand this
Sehr gut
Clear explanation thanks 🎉🎉
Did he just name his gentleman parts "mystery"?
where come the Moebius Twist in the first Place?Without Moebius Twist your Model fail.
I'm at 10:55 in the video, & I'm going insane at the screen about this being just like electromagnetic polarity! Am I nuts?
How does the Pauli exclusion principle work? Does an electron in a higher energy state detect whether there is a lower energy electron? Does the lower electron repel an electron trying to drop into its occupied energy level? There seems to be some kind of thinking or calculation going on.
Doesn't the pauli exclusion principle then also prove that the singularity of a black hole can't be a "real" singularly because the electrons that fall into the black hole would need to occupy the same quantum state at the singularly?
If 2 wave's cancel each other out, where does the lost energy go?
We can in 360degrees. If we equate 3d + relativity, graphically as 0d,5D10D,11D(12D)=3D+1axis+relativity,
Is a mobius strip another example of the nature of spinors? Because if you follow the surface of the strip and go 360 degrees around, you end up on the opposite side of the strip as you started. Needing another 360 degree rotation to get to where you started.
Dendaa de ,laende thhakk paaye Jugaa jugantar khaaye khaaye
You are beautiful man
I wish to pose some questions but cannot find a way to contact Prof Cox or anyone else in the community directly with them so I will post them here in hopes someone knowledgeable will respond. Referencing (my limited exposure to) Euclidean Geometry, Plutonic Solids, Topological Dimensions and Knotting, and “black box music/artistic mind” intuition regarding wave, field, string, nuclear chemistry and particle physics (Diff-E drop out). (1) Given the Proton and Electron are not described to be magnetic monopoles, there should be a closed loop between Proton and Electron - Lorentz force. (example: bar magnet with iron filings magnetic field / perpendicular Electrical field) or is the Proton considered a ‘Positive’ magnetic monopole and it’s paired electron a ‘negative’ magnetic monopole. The Fermi diagram I have seen seem to only show tensors in both directions between electron and proton for Lorentz and Weak force, the magnetic field ‘loop’ implied.    (a) The animations do not show a closed “loop” in the 720 deg “spin path”. The implication to me is the 2/3 spin path actually forms a Mobius strip – only one face for the 720 deg   (b) is the Proton actually "paired" with the orbital electron so that in elements > 1 proton, each  individual shell electron corresponds to an individual Proton (Protons inhabit corresponding spdf  Proton ‘shells’ in the atomic nucleus? The charge loops between paired protons and electrons do not "swap" or "hand off" between individual nucleus protons. Conversely do Protons “hand-off” electrons – especially in high Atomic number Elements? Could the individual paired proton-electron paths ever intersect (Knot) or is that impossible short of inside a star or proton / neutron collider?    (c) given the 720deg rotation (2/3 spin) of the electron is "tidally locked" (for lack of a better term) to the Proton, does that 'coupled' proton also "spin" in tandem with its associated electron so it too is “tidally locked”. (2) The Standard Model shows a Proton with 2 up quarks and 1 down which geometrically forms a triangular plane, a two dimensional object. Great lengths are explored for quarks internal “Color force” (Hawking) and internal rotational subatomic particles (gluons, etc), machinations of the quark triad giving the proton 3 dimensions.     We “know” that ‘higher’ dimensions exist mathematically and in fact many argue that gravity and even time are manifestations of “higher dimensional planes” invisible to the humans senses and beyond our technological assisted detection's. What if there exists another subatomic quark; a “Dark Matter” quark that is in a “higher” dimensional plane/existence.     If there is an additional quark-like particle the internal structure of the Proton would become an Isosceles Pyramid – one of the geometrically strongest plutonic solids. The additional “dark matter” subatomic particles composing the Proton interior the continuous instantaneous manifestations interactions between quarks in our and the ‘higher’ dimensional planes; Our standard model subatomic particles “frozen in time” during experimental collisions.    I propose not only the Proton has a “dark” matter Quark additional to the standard UUD, the Neutron has two (2) “dark Matter quarks” forming a plutonic solid Isosceles “diamond”.  Furthermore, I propose, given neutrons “decay” to a Proton and an electron the “dark matter quark” is transformed into an orbital electron “Paired” to the Proton derived from the decayed Neutron. Furthermore, the difference between a Orbital Electron, a “Free Electron” and a photon is dependent on the ‘dark matter quark” yet-to-be determined physics that encompasses the Higgs Boson/ Mass assignments and the changes of mass to a photon as it changes frequency thru the electromagnetic spectrum from Speed of Causality to speed of light ‘C’. Maybe there’s a lot more to the “M”ass and “E”nergy in E = M x C2 involving additional dimensions only perceivable thru mathematics that has yet to be discovered. Sadly beyond my kin – as I am not a theoretical or experimental physicist, hence my questions.
Why can't I just vanish electrons?
This is PBS: Sesame Street, "Children will learn to love, cooperate, play, and will read and write before 1st grade." NOVA/SpaceTime, "Now, as adults, these same children will save everyone's lives as doctors, and the ones who become physicists will save our planet by inventing Time Control." Thanks, PBS.
The 720 degree belt analysis had to be discovered by a guitar player.
It's all about numbers : )
Can you please dive into the spin-statistics theorem?
Electrons are spinors.
"this episode is going to get a little weird" oh lord here comes the belt.
woo!!
Okay, the belt kinda helps us understand why 720° works but what is the thing that connects the two electrons which goes back to normal when rotated 720°?
If we put fermions in the same quantum state, do they become superliquid?
Great video as always.
Nice how he specified „quantum weird“ instead of just general weird
After 10 years, decade of study and lot of research, finally today I understood pauli
alternate reality russel brand
Depends how you look at it . Electrons are a 4d field,  a matrix of energy that condenses around matter  .
I love how this channel doesn't just go "Yeah accept this wacky thing as true. 'Why?' because quantum stuff I don't know man." but is like the first one to actually explain the concepts.
There are no points ie particles in reality. Pure scientism.
Hey guys, just stumbled across this video. Thought I might clear some things up for you. I, for a while now, have a theory on what entanglement translates into when considering our point of view reality, and this is what i believe could already understood as causality/polarity (interbeing phenomena).  More so where it fits in the true nature of reality. Now, from what I can gather about entanglement and entropy, then when considering the fundamental law of causality, which states everything ultimately is everything, then isn't, and hasn't entropy been in perfect equilibrium for eternity?  This science, i believe, will get an individual as close as possible to the eastern understanding f oneself. Solely from the viewpoint of 'physical' reality, that is.   Believe it or not. This and everything else is/has already been known.  You just don't know.
I love Topology as a subject, and it is really cool that its used in fundamental physics!  I mostly know Topology for its use in psychology/psychoanalysis!
Why does my dude look like cgi
Excellent. Doing god's work! or.. _revealing_ god's work!
Oh dam applied math
That's all well-and-good Nigel... But what does it all mean?
calmest voice ever........
Just watched the episodes on the holographic universe and entropic gravity. Would a 720° spin in our 3d relate to a full rotation on the infinite holographic surface?
Do Higgs bosons _experience_ time the way photons don't?
Electronul este o unda stationara bipolara, de mare amplitudine, adica formata din doua semiunde diametral opuse, care se roteste (se propaga) cu viteza  C/137 (m/s), pe cercul de raza electronului.  Unda bipolara de mare amplitudine se naste din interferenta constructiva a celor 9 miliarde de unde componente ale fotonului gama electronic, aparut la anihilarea electronului cu pozitronul, dupa contractia de 137 de ori si refractia lor la 360 de grade. Structura bipolara a electronului este reflectata cu fidelitate de figura care apare pe ecranul tubului de experienta, in experimentul Shtern-Gerlack.  The electron is a high-amplitude bipolar stationary wave, i.e. consisting of two diametrically opposite half-waves, which rotates (propagates) with the speed C/137 (m/s), on the circle of the electron's radius. The high-amplitude bipolar wave is born from the constructive interference of the 9 billion component waves of the electronic gamma photon, which appeared at the annihilation of the electron with the positron, after the contraction 137 times and their refraction at 360 degrees. The bipolar structure of the electron is faithfully reflected by the figure that appears on the screen of the test tube, in the Shtern-Gerlack experiment.
Damn even particles are anti semitic
It’s very interesting, but I’m still not sure why electrons having having spin and being indistinguishable from one another means that they repel other matter in close proximity, rather than absorbing it when bound to a nucleus. I thought that atoms in two stable elements repel each other because the atoms do not want to take on another electron, or share one, so rather like two of the same poles of a magnet, they repel each other...
Finally I get it! Electrons have 1/2 spin because they have to rotate twice, but they they dont actually rotate, and they dont actually spin. It's just a probablistic event that dosent actually happen until it's observed, at which time the algorithm kicks in and our holographic, virtual universe program presents us with a certain reality which may or may not be duplicated in one of the other 10⁵⁰⁰ possible universes. Easy.
9:50 ‘asymmetric’ already used somewhere else?
12:58  "You can't just vanish electrons."   Why not, if both electrons are just waves out of phase?  2 photons out of phase DO vanish.
Um, why can you have two electron in orbitals if one is +1/2 and the other is -1/2?
Spinors pull on the fabric of space through quantum entanglement, warping/stretching space, allowing for pockets in space for objects with frequency, creating mass of eltromagnetically charged particles creating what we experience as gravity and also the bending of space/time .
I cannot help but notice that there is a simple physical correlation to the fermion spin principle. It can be shown in macroscopic reality.  EXPERIMENT: Take two coins (like a U.S. Quarter for instance) and place them side by side and touching. Imagine that their edges are toothed like gears in a machine. Keep one of them stable (stick it to your table) now, rotate the free one around the static one. You will notice that it makes a 360 degree rotation but all that has happened is that it has switched orientation to the static one. (They have swapped positions) It takes a second 360 degree rotation to put the mobile coin back into its original position. Fermions act like rotating gears meshing with each other.
Our universe is a slinky with both ends connected 😂😂
me@14:16... get to the point already!
Is it possible that 720 degree spin could be thought of as an integrated pair of 360 degree spins?
Antisymmetric wave functions are essentially an impedance match synchronized by it's delay in propagation across orbital space, like a pitcher & catcher who oscillates roles.  The purpose of this is conservation of energy, like an electronic pendulum.
Given QFT's assertion that the electron is really just energy bouncing back and forth between the election field and the EM field, how does it explain spin?
It’s so easy. Plug it in. Lemme get a paper and pencil. Backwards. My math is backward.
Whoa. Can’t have nice things? We’ll build them. Slow down. Theory is out pacing practically
So nobody knows what an electron is actually doing or why its angular momentum appears random.  It might be surprising, but this lack of understanding is critical to the debate of free will.
Spinning and rotation 180 degrease reminds me of the relationships between the infinity sign and the zero sign. Spin one end of the infinity  180 * sign you get the zero sign
If you don't understand science-related math you won't understand much of what's explained in these posts. Which is most of us. Including me.
How is the spinor related to the intermediate axis theorem?   It seems that spinors are undergoing a rotation similar to that illustrated via the Dzhanibekov effect.   Where a rotation around an intermediate axis causes a 1/2 rotation around another axis.  If the effect is similar what would that suggest about the structure of the electron? So exhibit such an effect would suggest it not to be spherical, as it would need to have 3 separate values for each axis…not 3 equal values along each axis.
Would it be fare to say that matter is compressed light ?
So spin matters.
I can explain why I’m not falling through my chair with one simple fact and far fewer words… I’m in bed.
So I can't fall "through" my chair trying to learn all this? 👍✌🖖🥃Thanks for wrinkling my brain, but I can still fall out of....
If you are falling through your chair, then I can explain that. You eat too much and/or live a sedentary lifestyle.
sixth-grade stone infinite number of production stone
720 degree spinors. Do not get it what it is.
Electrons spin---- electrons are spinors----- rotation 720 degrees --- do not understand it. Spinor, 720 degrees---- spinors ---electrons have 720 degree spin!! Do not understand this. Spinor wave function----- electrons spin 720 degrees. Rotation of electrons--- 720 degrees spins. Difficult to understand 😢
What energy gives electrons to keep on spinning infinitely & also the quarks what energy gives them to keep on vibrating or spinning? How do gluons bind quarks to make a proton or electrons?
Why can't the two electrons cancel out like antimatter and emit photons?
Try again you are wasting your breath try again
Not understood
I like how in my feed there is another video by PBS Space Time titled Electron DO not Spin
It is easy to identify the difference between a positron and a negatron (electron) because the electron is creating electricity. Where the positron is what is attracting mass and matter.
Positrons, positive electrons. Electrons, negative electrons. Electrons and Positrons, the thing that makes electricity possible. Also motion. You seem to be suggesting with any movement we are switching electrons and leaving behind our old electrons, in the space we just were.
All I am understanding from this talk of Electrons is they are negative energy. Contrary to positrons positive electrons
PLEASE someone answer my question! If there is one object in the universe and in rotates, to it, it appears that the whole universe is rotating around it. But to the universe, it is just the little object spinning. While it’s true that we can easily see which one is spinning, because we see the centrifugal force of the spinning object. And extremely unlikely that the whole universe would be rotating like that. However, without the known motion of every particle in the universe, we can never know. For all we know, the whole universe could be rotating.  And that would make sense…most things are. Point is, what is the real relationship here?  Because from the different frames of reference, both vantage points seem to be true.  Same like when you travel past other cars on the road.  They are traveling the other way, but you are both moving forward
I love the period 10-15 years after leaps in physics understanding when it gets dumbed down for the normies, and we thank you immensely for it.
but that means that a electron is no particle
My head is now spinning to left AND right simultaneously.
total rubbish
What determines the amount of massive or concrete matter in our UNIVERSE and all perfect universes is the speed of infinite rotation for eternity, which can vary between 38 million times the speed of light in our UNIVERSE and 20 billion times the speed of light, which is the gravity or GYROSCOPIC INERTIA of these UNIVERSES. There are universes 👻 at the speed of light more or less, Supermassive UNIVERSES ☠️ and perfect UNIVERSES 🧬, where biological life exists, in the others another type of intelligence or ghost may exist.   Lo que determina la cantidad de materia masiva o concreta que nuestro UNIVERSO y todos los universos perfectos, es la velocidad de rotación infinita por la eternidad, que puede variar entre los 38 millones de veces la velocidad de la luz, en nuestro UNIVERSO y los 20 mil millones de veces la velocidad de la luz que es la gravedad o INÉRCIA GIROSCÓPICA de éstos UNIVERSOS. Existen universos 👻 a velocidade de la luz más o menos, UNIVERSOS Supermassivos ☠️ y UNIVERSOS perfectos 🧬, dónde existe vida biológica en los otros puede existir otro tipo de inteligencia o fantasma.
Too much talking not enough graphics...I'm out...with all due respect.
I have heard of another useage of spinner. I like that kind os spinner
Fermions ? !!
Electrons are Spinors---- 720 degrees rotation--- not 360 degrees rotation. Do not understand this.
Huh
Saved at the 2 minute mark..thanks!
"Thank you for being a reliable source of information in a world filled with misconceptions. Your dedication to scientific accuracy is truly commendable. "
Using negative sign to explain it can be misleading because it can make people misunderstand it as if  the cancellation of spinning behaviour were due to mathematical operation, instead of the 2 opposite interactions of swapping or rotating positions of subatomic particles
Már a 40. másodpercnél elakadtam.
This channel is excellent at bridging the gap between pop science and a deeper understanding of physics, and this particular episode is a shining example of that.
That description is old and "not even wrong".  An infinitely small electron has spin, lol.  When we finally meet aliens they will say , hey yeah we used to believe that too when we used mathematics.   Here's an example, what about free electrons, do they have spin, .... no of course not.  Electrons are they all the same, immediately we can say no,  their total mass and energy and moment are conditional and as individual and different as snow flakes.  Just look at your double slit results again, its a distribution.  Do you see any spin behaviour there.  Arrrgh
Women are Fermions
Calling BS on this video... this whole field needs a better explanation... In recent work we formulated a new set of electrodynamic equations for superconductors as an alternative to the conventional London equations, compatible with the prediction of the theory of hole superconductivity that superconductors expel negative charge from the interior towards the surface. Charge expulsion results in a macroscopically inhomogeneous charge distribution and an electric field in the interior, and because of this a spin current is expected to exist. Furthermore, we have recently shown that a dynamical explanation of the Meissner effect in superconductors leads to the prediction that a spontaneous spin current exists near the surface of superconductors (spin Meissner effect). In this paper we extend the electrodynamic equations proposed earlier for the charge density and charge current to describe also the space and time dependence of the spin density and spin current. This allows us to determine the magnitude of the expelled negative charge and interior electric field as well as of the spin current in terms of other measurable properties of superconductors. We also provide a 'geometric' interpretation of the difference between type I and type II superconductors, discuss the relationship between our model and Slater's seminal work on superconductivity, and discuss the magnitude of the expected novel effects for elemental and other superconductors. arXiv:0803.1198 (Los Alamos), Ann. Phys. (Berlin) 17, 380 (2008).
I find it really interesting how physicists manage to demonstrate nature through mathematics. Nature is the way it is... we do not demonstrate it. We do the experiments and try to fit a model. There is no "it has to be this way (cqd)".
Great stuff! Mega thanks. One small suggestion: electrons don’t rotate, it’s a rotating wave function. Analogy: waves going round and round a circular pool of water. The water does not rotate, it’s only the waves that rotate. No need to mention quantum. It’s a property of waves.
Why misuse language to describe something? If you are talking about accuracy and yet use misleading language, why would anyone believe your theories?!
too jumpy
Abs brilliant ❤
Best Phisics (Ph)uffing video +(I)+ have seen so far  https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLxxvBg1S_QqI6tN-lyXvECWT52GI8Snlu&si=QZ6-zSoG61xEFKes
Im not sure about your exchanging places demonstration, if the buckle is on the left and attached from the right hand side of the buckle, and you exchange places without rotating, the buckle would be still be attached on the right hand side, but the buckle would also be on the right hand side, if you then flip out either side you can see the buckle is actually upside down and one 360 degree rotation. just an observation by the way, it probably isn't relevant to your point, im well out of my depth here  Further more, why do they have to pass through or very close to each other?? what if you just rotate the buckle and other end
After watching this episode for the 3rd time, each viewing more interesting than the previous, I am beginning to grasp spinor theory. Thank you for enlightening me Matt!
What do fermions do?
What are fermions?
What do Bosons do?
What are bosons?
Yes but why . Because it all exists in the mind of God .
So basically pur Universe is a atomic vapor .
theres a video from cambridge(i think) where popular british physics clown says that Paulis exclusion principle means that no two electrons in the universe have the same energy. He even rubs something and says that because he rubbed it, now every other electron in the universe has slightly changed its energy.
Oh
No fermions - No Chemistry -  No Tinder
This isn't the best explanation of spin because what about the angular momentum
Spinners are my favorite
Particles don't obey the Pauli exclusion principle. Particles just do what they do, the Pauli exclusion principle is but a way of describing their behaviour. One day hopefully we have a more satisfying one
Why is it that 2 electrons cannot annihilate eachother but an electron and a positron can? I assume this is a very false analogy but I am uncertain as to why the destructive interference of two fermions in the same energy level shouldn't just result in . . . well destructive interference and annihilation. I would have assumed that the process of matter-antimatter annihilation is in some way just that. Also why is it thay bosons can destructively interfere and result in 0 probability while bosons can't?
"The negative sign describes the difference..." Nice! 😂
"Ironically, to prove the structural integrity of matter, I had to compromise the structural integrity of my pants situation."  -Are you coming on to me? 😐
It’s the Newtonian physical properties that are the REAL emergent properties of quantum physics. 😊
Anti-Semitic Wave Functions?  (@13:15)  Just when you thought you'd learnt it all 🙃
@3:00 what he really meant to say is "before you're getting the belt" CMM
😅😅well information good show 😅
I can only hear gabriel iglesias screaming "spinners!"
When I took astronomy i swear I couldn’t find a single good explanation online for “half integral spin”. First time I realized the internet doesn’t know absolutely everything. Sad day
My uncle got fired for telling anti semetric jokes
Viewing this explanation through the lens of quantum information and quantum computing, we can understand the concepts presented in terms of qubits and quantum operations. In quantum computing, qubits are the fundamental units of information and can exist in superposition, representing multiple states simultaneously.  The spin behavior described in the context of electrons can be understood as the spin of a qubit. A qubit can be in a state of 0, 1, or a superposition of both. The spin-½ property mentioned corresponds to a qubit that can be in a superposition of 0 and 1, representing a half-rotation in the Bloch sphere.  Fermions, such as electrons, are represented by qubits that follow the rules of quantum statistics. The Pauli exclusion principle can be understood as the impossibility of two identical fermionic qubits occupying the same quantum state. This exclusion arises due to the antisymmetric nature of the wavefunction, which is a direct consequence of the qubits being indistinguishable and subject to the spin-statistics theorem.  The belt trick analogy, introduced by Paul Dirac, can be related to the manipulation of qubits. The 720-degree rotation required for a spinor to return to its initial state corresponds to a full rotation in the Bloch sphere for a qubit. The 360-degree rotation and the exchange of positions between the belt ends can be seen as quantum operations on qubits, which can lead to phase changes and entanglement.  The wavefunction of a qubit, represented by Psi, is analogous to the probability amplitude of finding a qubit in a particular state. The square of the wavefunction gives the probability distribution, similar to the measurement outcomes in quantum computing.  The behavior of two fermionic qubits, such as electrons, can be described using a two-particle wavefunction. Swapping the positions of the qubits results in a change in the wavefunction's sign, reflecting the antisymmetric property. Although this sign change may seem to distinguish the qubits, it does not affect any observable property, aligning with the concept of indistinguishability in quantum computing.  In quantum computing, superposition and interference play crucial roles. The destructive interference observed when trying to place two fermionic qubits in the same state highlights the inability of fermions to occupy the same quantum state due to the Pauli exclusion principle. This interference arises from the anti-symmetric nature of the wavefunction and can be seen as the cancellation of amplitudes in quantum computations.  By understanding these concepts through the lens of quantum information and quantum computing, we can interpret the explanation in terms of qubits, quantum operations, superposition, interference, and the Pauli exclusion principle, providing a different perspective on the underlying principles.
Respecting the electron spin, is it one-dimensional? It is a point particle, how do we conceive of the 720 rotation?
In another universe matter spins differently or functions differently. The speed of light also is faster or slower than in our universe. How would that universe and the laws that govern it would look?
He lost me after he started speaking in that Evil English accent?
Still trying to reach this... maybe another few lessons.
It takes someone like you, equally obsessed with astrophysics (and therefore GR) and quantum mechanics to become the sort of master-of-all physicist and communicator that you are. I consider you to be one of the leading overall scientists of our time.
electron motion acts like its connected by a invisible belts, the belt trick works for a person that accepts just that. Is the invisible belt proven?
Now all we need to do is the math…. Ψ
What’s the best way to give money to pbs. I can’t find any of my old vhs tapes and that the only place I know to get the number. But seriously is there a patron thing.
I'm going to tell you all something I wish someone told me the first time I was told about spin: *When they say a spinor needs to be rotated 720 degrees, **_they are not talking about a geometric rotation in 3D space._*  I guess it would be more accurate to say I wish everyone _wouldn't_ say "rotation" about spinors without immediate clarification.  We aren't rotating the electron.  We are rotating a transform that applies to the electron in the transform's own abstract internal space.  If you actually turn _the electron_ 360 degrees around, you will find its spin axis unchanged.  The moment someone explained that to me, all the tension and weirdness of the topic disappeared.  I hope it helps you, too.
One can distinguish the two electrons: they each have different angular speed.
I recall reading that there actually is an effective limit to how many bosons you can stack, at least in the case of lasers. As the laser beam (a stack of bosons) becomes more and more intense, at some point e=mc^2 dictates that particles are formed. At this point the laser's efficiency reportedly falls off dramatically.
Goes to show you, there's no channel immune to posting a thirst trap. 😍
Why don't the two electrons in an orbital with the same wavelengths react with either constructive or destructive interference?
Next week, Matt explains the event horizon of a black hole by taking off his shirt.  Please ignore the burlesque music in the background.
The Belt Trick doesn't work I Tried it
3:40 Dad when you talked back to him at the wrong time
A disturbing thought about why we can't figure out quantum mechanics with existing theories: we got math wrong to begin with.
the background music is not only too loud, it is IRRITATING, CANT HARDLY HEAR THE GUY
Doesn't spin / frequency explain the observation of an electron orbiting a microsingularity on the event horizon?
Hang on... "Spin zero"... whaaaat? :)... Apart from that little nugget this is the best video I have ever seen. Sure I need to sit down and work through the maths on why we can write the wave function as f(A)g(B) - f(B)g(A) but assuming I can work that our later what a bloody fantastic video. Thanks heaps!
I started taking physical chemistry this semester and this video finally makes sense. It feels so fulfilling
If there were more graphs to make this work out visually I think I would be able to get it. AI can run all the patterns and map it out. Like an ever expanding Rubik cube
This would be much clearer if it were not a dark belt against a dark background. One twist? Two twists? Do they? Who planned a video with lousy demonstration like that?
Do I still have to go to work on Monday?
I'm quite confused by the Pauli exclusion principle ... not that I doubt it, but I can't understand the physical process ... perhaps it's because it's always explained as a math solution (a math solution which has steps like "we set it to -1 because it works") ... I'll definitely watch the video few more times trying to understand it (not just memorize it!).  But one related question (that you mentioned) - the annihilation vs destructive interference have made me wonder for a long time (actually initially I though it's the same thing, and a bit later I wondered - Hey, what's the anti-particle of photon?).  But my main question is - If we know that particle and antiparticle (for example electron & positron) annihilate by destroying each other and releasing their energy as photons, then what happens with the energy of two photons that are exactly out of phase with each other, and destructively interfere? Is the energy of the two photons lost? ... forever? So far I know the law of preservation of energy is only (like that's not enough :)) broken on cosmic scales, when photons wavelength is stretched by the expanding space-time and as result the lower frequency photon have lower energy. But if two out of phase photons can destructively interfere and leave nothing behind, isn't it possible (at least in theory) to create two photons out of nothing? And if the annihilation is in theory also reversible then it seems that at least in theory it's possible to create not only light out of nothing, but also matter?  (obviously I'm completely ignoring the How, as I'm sure we don't have the slightest of ideas :))
If you’re a woman, then I will risk pulling down my pants too…
Am I the only weirdo that wonders “how do the electrons / particles know to obey the law?”
I don't know but I find these videos too difficult to understand. The method of explanation is like too poetic or something.
when mother nature does number theory
WoW!🤔
Wow, it's like best lectures in my uni. And a Youtube diamond. Ещё лектор на Лапенко похож в роли инженера. Лицегрицефицинол
0:00 Bold of you to assume I am sitting on my chair... yet you were right.
If electrons can be distinguishable, then a quantum computer might be possible. If there's exactly two distinguishable possibilities for electrons, such as "Left" or "Right" then we can create TRINARY computers instead of binary ones, where instead of just 1s and 0s (an electron is there or it isn't) we could have -1, 0 and +1 (an electron is there and it's spinning Left ... There's no electron... there's an electron and it's spinning Right).  Obviously my lingo here isn't perfect but you should get the point.
I wish I had explanations like this when I took my quantum chemistry course in the 1960s! (I did pass.)
When you can do that without letting go of the buckle, you might have something.
La rotation es de la derecha al brazo izquierdo del Sistema
😴
Or Standard Quantum Mechanics is based on a false assumption, that waves exist at the quantum scale, or the newer idea involving waves, the wave-function. If waves did not work at first, why still use waves in another form, a function? Why not go back to the time, the 1600's, when waves were proposed by Huygens. Why did he propose waves? He did that based on his observation of waves at the macro scale. That is all he had to work with since the Quantum scale was totally out of his reach, moreso than that applies now.. In the1960's macro scale waves were analyzed and found to be artifacts, a side effect caused by something else. That means Huygens proposed an artifact where a mechanism was required, but he did not know that. So QM started off by being explained by an artifact instead of a mechanism. That is probably why be QM has gotten so weird.
Greek Ψ = psi English speakers: sai
WHY DOES THE UNIVERSE DOES SUCH WEIRD THINGS
I'm looking forward to the follow up video explaining the trajectory of this dude's gravity defying trousers.
So the exclusion principle is just magnetism?
Ah but assume principle of least action if no other physics in place to resist it. This would mean fermions must have existed before other state. Also a belt way you say can be represented by 0 1 ternary coordinate and applies to any nth degree dimensional system. Lol spinors just abstract algebra ring
At the start of this,  ironically , I just fell through my chair.
Electron spin determines polarity. It takes 1 positive and 1 negative to make a neutron. (matter). All neutrons are not created equal.
This makes me think of wave forms collapsing when observed and entanglement. Does entanglement have any aspect of self-observation? Is one thing observing its entangled twin? Its just a fuzzy thought. Sometimes in my area of expertise these fuzzy thoughts result in meaningful realizations, other times they are just pattern matching false positives creating ghosts.
It's inspiring and beautiful, the universe and your descriptions of it. Thank you so much Matt, the animators, and the PBS team that brings this to us for free. Thank you.
The reason I'm not falling through my chair is that I could finally afford one with a seat on it
1:23 I'm a bit what you would call an anti symmetric too
This would prevent any duplicate realities from existing lol
Seems supportortive of the super symmetry theory or alternate/reverse realm/ity.
This is my second time through this video and I still don't understand indistinguishability. If electrons have no observable differences, then how can you tell the difference between one in the ground state and the first excited state? How can they have different states?
Each electron must have a kind of 'inverse twin' - so whenever an electron 'acts', its twin 'acts' at the same time and in this way the quantum balance is achieved.
Under extreme conditions such as a black hole would it be possible for fermions to change their spin into 360 degrees essentially becoming bosons and therefore adding to the black hole mass by stacking up into a single dimension point yet retaining their higgs boson properties aka mass?
I thought he said anti Semitic!
How much do you think Matt hates NDegrasse Tyson? I bet he hates him entirely. I think Neil isnt liked by Any scientist though
*WRONG!! All Wrong!* The only reason why I'm not falling through my chair is because I'm standing, not sitting.  😆
This guy looks like a young uncorrupted version of Billy Butcher (from The Boys).
In what world does a PBS special on quantum physics and electrons NEED crude sexual references? Who thinks this is funny? What is wrong with that person?? Nowhere in the entire production chain was there anyone who said 'We really don't need you to refer to your wang flopping out in a science video for kids". This says to me that our culture is a generation from total collapse, because even the professional class has become stupid.
Oh, now I get it. PBS stands for Pure BS!
Even If We Could Fully Explain The Formation Of Matter, Our Science Still Cannot Explain Why It Exists As It Does.
Teacher: Tell me you're into physics without telling me you're into physics.  Me:  *Takes off belt*
My inability to adequately understand is depressing.
да уж, это из категории - сколько ангелов помещается на острие иглы, квантовая механика изобилует логическими дырами, компромиссами и допущениями, и конечно же - интерпритациями, что говорит, что на самом деле: мы ни чего не знаем о том что там внутри, это только попытки построить картину из какой-то имеющейся базы, что само по себе круто, но в итоге получается такая вот казуистическая схоластика, но ни чего другого пока что не придумано, в общем и целом и по существу - отличная лекция 😀
Does the fact that leptons have asymmetric wave-functions and bosons have symmetric ones have anything to do with why leptons have anti-particle pairs and bosons don’t? Is it that symmetry is a property of energy itself and so that every asymmetric particle needs an asymmetric antiparticle to complete the symmetry? And since bosons don’t have any asymmetry, they don’t need an antimatter counterpart?
just tell me what I need to figure out to counter gravity please. and I promise I will do it.
I still don’t see how this principle give matter structure.  I follow on the quantum scale, but the application scaled up is glossed over.
I studied physics. this whole channel is like at leadt bachelor level, maybe even sometimes above doctoral level of physics. I can follow in detail to like 80-90% of whats going on here. I wish my lectures would have been like this bc waht he says and presents i pretty much the conclusion of the courses I took. They are like all math, no pictures, no 'real-life' views on the subject. Pretty cool to renew my knowledge with this channel and even learn something new sometimes. Like the formulas, where you explain which part does what.
Well at least now I know all about the Pauli Exclusion Principle, and all that jazz. I can go to that physics department meet and greet now, with full confidence. Thanks, PBS Spacetime.
When he said "antisymmetric", I thought he said "anti-Semitic."
Its funny what you said at the end about pants falling ...which we have seen happening in real life too in funny videos.... xD
Reminds me of derivative  from calculus
Why can't you just vanish electrons?
@PBS Space Time  What about degeneracy pressure? It would be cool if you guys also explained what happens when you try to force the fermions to be in the same state, and how/why is requires energy to do so.
We did this in quantum class in University years ago, but man if only it was explained this clearly! I never got it like this. If course you also touched on other things.
Showing tricks with black belt with background of black shirt is probably not the brightest idea. But anyway thanks for trying.
Dr Matt I left comments here with out of paying attention what subject you were explaining. Now I will give you exact answer to your explanations, first of all let me explain why electrons in different rings and why you cannot have two electrons in the same ring. Guys you know already electron’s are way lighter then neutrons and protons that actually says something about their energy concentration, they are just empty shells with out of quarks just by been shell they still do what neutrons and protons she’s does expand their energy far from shell walls outward. I’m kind of surprised that you didn’t see any difference when you exchange electrons their location, because electrons they are in certain locations there is reason behind it, electrons closer to nucleus has thicker shell little more dense the the one in outer ring, there should be some tiny difference . Even though we know in solar system that it doesn’t make any difference, because in solar system things are completely different, we are dealing with larger nucleuses not a tiny once. In atomic level every bit is noticeable from scratch and everything goes according to their density which is their weight. Dr Matt you mentioned about 720 degree rotation? As long as atoms they are vibrate they are strong enough to hold electrons in their orbits electrons are their for reason to balance and cancel their additional force they possess, they will change their location only, if one loses energy other is gaining other then that no other possibilities.
Nerd
does the hair not bug anybody else? just me?
Aha! The real reason I'm not falling through my chair is because I'm sitting on my bed.
what powers an electron? and keeps it spinning for billions of years without interference?
What do you think of this latest Mudfossil University video: ‘’Light Duality Solved and Seen’’, Sep 29, 2022
13:11 It is not the particles themselves that has antisymmetric wavefunctions - it is pairs of them - and the symmetry is related to particle interchange.
pretty sure ive seen about 80% of all of pbs space times videos, and this remains the best one to this day!
the first 19 seconds of this video are very seductive and i'm all for it
I find it fascinating, how you can break extremely complicated topics down so far, that most highschool grads can understand them. Thank you so much, because nobody taught me this, even in college.
the background music makes it hard to concentrate. Please make explanatory videos without music.
Dr Matt, from my previous explanations I said in the nucleus only protons have ability to absorb energy from space, and protons has two negative quarks one positive. Now electrons are empty shell the way guys you know already, you can think of electrons as human babies they are just newly formed need food to grow by size, electrons movement explains energy absorbing path, again by having two negative quarks electrons moves about 270 degrees path depends quarks location. It’s all about the survival, due to energy demand electrons creates movement round nucleus. Everything we inherited comes from atomic level, we aren’t acting the way we do because religion thought us to do so, you can see the same pattern in animal kingdom as well, I’m talking about the babies why they are hungry for food, because they are the electrons. Just add few more things within formations of any size including black holes inner core made of only protons and neutrons, no electrons exists within inner cores.
@SpaceTime  love the show.   Helped me solve Dr. Kaku's equation.   Your point made during minute - 7.52 is exactly how I solved the equation.   Please setup time to discuss.   Would like to discuss the problems with the standard model and thinking @Gilgallon
Dr. Satan, ya father Lucifer is crying & cracking up literally with laughter, because of something so simple, yet still no Scientist on Earth know this. After Energy becomes Finite due to the measurement of one Joule per unit,  Quarks are formed out of the one Joule per unit, because eventhough Energy(Unparticle) and Matter(Particle) are different, they are equal. Wala Universe. JEHOVAH God bless 🙌.
relationship status: complicated
Oh we know about Matter(Particles), what ya'll don't know is How Energy(Unparticle) is converted into a Particle(Matter).
This explained nothing to me. Sry.
Particle physics is quarking weird, man!
Three REAL new inventions/technologies for sale. Three REAL working prototypes, which are always ready for a REAL demonstration.  ------------------------------------------------ 1) A practically forever-lasting battery for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo 2) A reactionless drive machine for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY 3) A simple electric heater of COP > 1 for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y
2:00 it's not exactly accurate to say that all photons emitted by a laser are in the same quantum state. A laser produces a coherent state, which is a superposition of different Fock states with a Poisson distribution
I very much mirror the astrophysics and quantum physics statement at the very end. You guys have really ignited a fire of interest when it come to mainly...quantum chromodynamics
Could you explain sometime the concept of electron spin resolution?  I'm not sure if this is just a sci-ffi term or a conceptualized property of exotic matter.  My first knowledge of this was from my intermediate school science teacher back in the mid-Sixties.
The entirety of reality is a lie - the Earth is flat, God made the Earth - space is a lie, it was funded & founded by Werner Von Braun (friend of Walter Disney & 33’rd degree freemason).  The worlds first private rocket called the ‘go-fast’ rocket flew up to 75miles over Nevada & then stopped mid-flight - it hit God’s ‘firmament.’ Not Round Earth Documentary: https://youtu.be/NIPLggr1LI0 Flatten*Curve Documentary: https://youtu.be/rXDG4xhaefI
How would you say this to a pre-schooler? Just maybe that would make sense?
what the huh? did that actually make sense to somebody?
I'm sorry that this one lost me. Even after my second time watching it 10-11 months later. But I really really love the show.
This guy is smart , and no doubt about it , because I understand 100 % what he is saying . Remember , Einstein said that you have understood something when you can explain to people and they would too understand it . Thank you man , you are really good person .
Ok this behavior kills the Evolution theory on the spot as Electrons show this behavior is not accidental but it is a fine tuned programmed behavior.
this guy (or his writers) can never explain a concept simply and clearly… his vids are like someone just vomiting half a textbook into a video
Saying a video on quantum mechanics is going to get weird is like saying the sky's going to get lighter when the sun comes up. =P
Tyrion lannister in real life.
The, Mareekh I'M maho Jupiter'jesus God Son 🌹
Spin this 270 spin that 135 up side down side, wake up. The correct answer is? spin 42
Awesome!!! Bro !!!
Which episode/episodes do I need to watch prior to this to grasp what he's explaining?
Nice explanation of the psi-squared implications.
1) A never-ending battery for sale:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo 2) A reactionless drive machine for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY 3) A simple electric heater of COP > 1 for sale: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y
Dump ALL incumbents.
Re:  Below ... If all the time wasted rotating USB plugs were collected we could delay Hawking Radiation evaporation of this universe and punch a quantum tunnel through Spacetime for us Sciencey-types to escape into a universe with no religions or tomatoes!
" If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don't understand quantum mechanics." -  Richard Feynman ( sort of )
For those who got here, felt like got the idea, but really want to dive a little bit more into understanding the 'out of phase' thing, please watch the Spin 1/2 Particles videos from NoahExplainPhysics: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ACZC_XEyg9U, this video is an absolute masterpiece that beautifully ties all the mathematical concept behind this 'spin' behaviour.
A money prize for solving the two paradoxes below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y Wake up from the coma!:)
ok, my belt is broken
Couldn't find the original video that made me think of this... But with the sun being a giant electro magnet and planets generally having poles, could quantum spin at least partly help explain the rotations of planets?
The cube with the ribbons is a cute picture but it doesn't work. The ribbons on the sides twist over the top and then over the bottom, reversing their twist, but the ribbons on the top and bottom just continue to twist in the same direction and wind up. The top and bottom do NOT return to their original positions.
ki bqwas kitti
Since ANY "rotation" has to be relative to something else, I wonder what it is, "bosons" doesn't rotate relative to...?  How is "no rotation" even possible...?  How can you "not rotate" relative to something in the Universe...?  What's the point of reference, when bosons don't rotate...?  The "observer"...?
“…and there would be no such thing as chemistry..”  Go on. I’m listening
Great video, thanks! Could you perhaps do another video (or point me to it if you already have) which talks about non-fundamental bosons (e.g. diatomic molecules, Helium-4, a deuteron, etc.) Thanks!
Wake up from the coma! Nowadays civilization rushes severely towards a lack-of-fossil-fuels catastrophe! Three experimentally proved violations of the law of conservation of energy are described in the three links below:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y The new physics knocks at the door!
Electron indistinguishability. It made me think of the Pope's infallibility. But with a lot more letters.
Do you want to earn some money?:) A money prize for solving the three paradoxes below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y Wake up from the coma!:)
Its kinda like you can't add two vortexes on a fluid but waves can pile without interference
Feels like this might be part of the reason why we don't see right (left?) handed neutrinos and opposite handedness of anti-neutrinos.
"the non overlap-ability of fermions is called the Pauli exclusion principle" in a nootshell
This is a really nice show and thanks for it. Only you'd need to talk three times SLOWER. Hard to follow at this speed for somebody not a professional of the field.
so spiral energy from Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagan is real?
Wake up!:) A money prize for solving the three paradoxes below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nYb5OkV6_Yo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y
With so much spin, my head is spinning.
I've got a problem that hinges on all of this, but, having looked at it for all the months that have elapsed since I first watched this, my problem involves certain proprietary information such that I can't share here what I would hope might be shared if I could gain direct contact with you, Matt. How would I do that? (Assuming it can be done.)
13:00m Pauli Exclusion Principle. ANYBODY: What is the relationship to Classical Physics ENTHALPY? Seems like it would have to be the same thing - IOW, PEP = simply the lowest energy state for a given Environment. Nothing really magical or rigorous there. Just the third law of thermodynamics restated. Everyone has that hammered into them like Catechism. A more interesting question is what happens when that quantum status is violated? Does this become a quasi nuclear fusion type event? (IOW fusion potential of electron perhaps is a "thing" that can create a neutron or a negatron? Is that anti-matter? Etc?) I think this opens up a whole alternate can of reality.
Personally I think the whole argument falls flat or stands on its its own. But is it a phenomenon of zero energy? Can it apply to non-energy systems like (especially) with biological neural systems that are exploits of multi-dimensions of (e.g.) time perception and force-potential dynamic pairs? If you get this, please write home because I have mastered the basics and no one seems to like the answer. I could use a great job in AI to energize me.
Bit late, but "up to 10%, or more" doesn't mean "every possible number."  "Up to 10%, or more" can be expressed as being formed from the two sets of, "up to 10%" (a set of all values below 10%, relative to the speed of light in this case), expressed as x<(0.1c) and "more than 10%," expressed as x>(0.1c). If we take this as the sum of both sets, it includes every possible value *except* for that 10% of c. If we take this as a set that contains only the elements present in both sets, then it contains 0 possible values. Either way, we know that 0.1c is off the table.
Do electronics follow the pattern of a morbius strip?
I almost understood this video
huh?
i don't think wavefunctions should be antisymmetric, especially with how many great jewish physicists there have been.
First of all, thank you so much for the amazing videos and knowledge you provide. As far as I remember from University, the principle of superposition can be achieved by forming the determinant of PSI(A) and PSI(B).  The reason why you should use the determinant was the asymmetry of the wave functions, and the reason of the asymmetry of the wave functions was the magic minus. So the magic minus was the reason to use the determinant. And the determinant was then the reason for the magic minus. It felt logic, but not intuitive, running on a vicious circle to the learn what is actually the cause... the asymmetry, or is it the magic minus, or is it the mysterious powerful determinant. I guess there is no cause or consequence, they are both at the same time which is hard to accept.   I know you know, but strictly speaking this would make a fundamental difference for systems with more than two particles using the determinant instead of using (-1). Correct me if I am wrong please. Nevertheless, we always felt an intuitive explanation for the need of that magic minus sign.  Of course, it need to be there because electrons are fermion. It felt the reason is the cause and vice versa, which is obviously fair enough, but not intuitive for students. I admire the way you showed the 720 degree turn of the belt to demonstrate how an electron is brought back to the initial wave function, and also the 360 degree turn to swap the position. Belts or strings might be the answer to everything, probably you might need roughly 42 of those, or a one single genuis superposition of 42 belts or strings?  Bests Daniel
Lets try, rather than a bottom up theory, a top down theory of life pre-determining the extended, quantum properties of matter. For example, does the formation of hemoglobin require the spinor properties of the iron atom?
no, you have no idea of q space/time rules... what kind of stupidity is that? 😡😡😡
Great episode.
How can a point particle without diameter actually "spin" ?.
Matter need to create internal chaos to separate truths from evolution. Spin gets the turbulence going I guess
Reality is a video game. Classical physics and relativity make up the physics of the game.   Every time we look too closely at our reality, we see pixels on the screen. Those pixels are everything sub atomic. Pixels don’t really play by the same rules as the game. They have a fixed number of states, they change independently of the game (refresh rate) and if you try to break a pixel on a screen you cause everything on the screen to be distorted (splitting an atom is hitting the screen)
Mind blown!
It's always discouraging to me when something is claimed as true, but doesn't point to any real world evidence or experiments. Cool graphics and special effects though. "We also know from the belt trick analogy", I guess that's the best evidence we get....At that statement from the host, I've got to end the video here.
Does this hold true in a black hole?
So that time that the spring broke and I *did fall through my chair,* that was all because nothing works right in my house, even electrons...
You are a great teacher ! And quantum is getting closer to normal, thanks to your clear explanations of the latest facts . Matt O"Dowd you are a credit to your profession. Thank you
It's neither weird or silly. Humans just don't fully know how everything in the universe works.
If you reach for your belt during a black hole episode, I'm leaving.
I have a ?  If electrons spins at a slower rate. Wouldn't that be the reason it fixed with motion at that moment. The slower spin is to allow countless possiblities for matter to change?
I knew this would hurt my head - still enjoyed it though
Penrose circle?
"IT  IS  ALSO  IN THE  DNA  ATOMS,  THAT THE SPECIES  HUMAN  ARE  ACTUALLY  BOUND  TO  THE  UNCERTAIN,  AND  ONLY  THE  HALF  TO THE  CERTAIN.  AND AT LEAST  GHOSTS AND  POLTERGEISTS  HAVE A  CERTAIN  LEVEL  OF  CERTAIN
MY boy Pauli!
Best explanation of electron spin ever.
I don't hear this, because things of well known issues don have to be prove. Our materials are solid  were it ever since time. Only in a the science labor of lhc Cern, in the center of Stars there are circumstances where solid conditions are not available. On earth conditions we eat quarks   are bombed by neutrinos  over 4,5 biljon years. The best proof we exist. If scientist try us to push up we are not real  they trye to sell there knowing. As the church in old times did. No wenn Itar in France does works fully, and that means wenn more energie comes out as was put in, than we have a real proof of fysics use.
Let us stop calling it spin. This is obviously some form of entanglement. I would hypothesis a form that only can be created in the hot dense soup that existed before the debut of light in our galaxy.
From where does electrons in all the stuff of matter get their energy to remain ever in constant OR almost constant motion. No answer. Dig deeper to try to explain one thing/scenario, awaiting another further complex situation which need more weird explanation. This is what universe is, I have searched lots of genuine you tube videos and websites without proper and agreeable explanation till date. Not to mention, if explain through religion, all "intelligent thinking minds"  instantly label it as dumb and duffer without second thought and without wasting jiffy of time.
Maybe it's not nonsense but dark energy?
Ok so we can't distinguish between 2 electrons, but how do we distinguish between say 2 neutrons? If a bag contains 10 neutrons can we actually give each one of them a name so we can easily identify them?
Electron does not have to spin to produce spin magnetic moment. Magnetic monopoles are intrinsic part of Electron. It occupies one of 3 space dimensions when electron is in motion.Magnetic moment outside Electron is produced by virtual particles surrounding the  electron.
Just want to say. Electron field? Is that a thing?
It is so charming when Matt talks about physics like they are his children.
The particle zoo is an infinite regress.
6:33 how does this not break the law of conservative of energy?
Electrons are not spherical objects that spin.  Pauli said there are two values spin up and spin down.  This is not two different essential values. Two different values would need to be chiral like right and left handed not right hand up and upside down..get it?
Excellent explaination…
Talk about space. In Cleveland, Ohio Aerospace  manufacturer for Department of Defense  closed. Many talented people were affected.
It doesn't follow from the fact that electrons are 'indistinguishable' that they are 'the same'--that would be a logical equivocation, yes?  If the cosmos consisted of only two electrons, A and B, the Pauli exclusion principle guarantees that they could never occupy the same space at the same time, which alone suffices to confirm that they can't be the same.  No matter how indistinguishable A and B may otherwise be from each other, they will always have discrete identities.  This is a conceptual matter, not a claim about physical properties.  Dimensionless points on a plane similarly have no properties and are indistinguishable from each other; yet their unique, separate identities are defined by their coordinates, which can't be substituted for each other without rendering the concept of location equivocal (hence useless).
so did fermions not yet exist before the big bang?
We Humans desperately need to find intelligent Alien Civilisation who have different math and physics than us. Because we are constrained by our own isolated idea about universe.
Nice explaination, we I read Physics BSc at Uni we had lecturers, of which very few had any skills in teaching or communicating with us students; and a library to research plus purchase of set books; no such thing as the internet or Youtube in late 70's. We wrote software on paper and got the punch cards days later - Halcyon days!
I'm not falling through my chair rightnow because I'm lying on my bed ;-)
i though it was a vibration at variable frequencys that created reality ?
The feeling when my 7 yrs old daughter is trying to read a sign, character by character – and I know the world long before she figures it out... You may say “tell me the word then, you narcissistic nobody”, and I may say “chill out, it was just a prank”. May the perpetual light of science shine on you forevermore.
Spin half is like an episode of Space Time: Watch it once and you are hopelessly tangled. Watch it a second time to actually make sense of it.
What isn't shown in the belt explanation is the moment his pants dropped to the ground. This factor is critical to understanding the theory
His *utterly* deadpan humor, on top of the thoroughly informative summary of much harder math (I took quantum in college and only sorta got it) has made me fall in love. With quantum, thought maybe with the presenter a little bit.
Basically, due to conservation of charge and mass, you can't have two fermions in the same state otherwise they cancel out (and mass and charge aren't conserved). But anti matter destruction works fine since mass and charge would be conserved. Neat.
I like your style and clarity of presentation. But there is a philosophical point that needs to be made. When you say "this or that property of quantum physics must be such and so for matter to work as it does or the Universe to exist" ... that is not strictly the correct statement.  More correct is "this or that property of quantum physics must be true, or else it calls into question these other parts of our theory about how the Universe works".  Thus the property having or not having some particular values reflects on the *theory*, not on the "real" "world".  Subtle but crucial difference.
From the black hole theory "all mass is at the sigularity" (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cDQZXvplXKA). This means that all electrons (or spinnors) in the singularity must be pushed into each other and hence canceled out. This leaves a hugely positive charged thing without matter assuming that all protons and neutrons remain.
This is exactly how particles would spin if they were vibrations in the actual fabric of space... so yeah...
Want to earn some money?:) A money prize for solving the experimentally proved and extremely simple mechanical paradox, which is described in the link below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY
I was asked 3hrs 45min into an oral exam the following final question: "What effect does electron spin have on the fission of U-235?" I said, "I do not know." I have been looking for an answer since 1972. As far as I can tell, there is no simple answer that doesn't require a degree in nuclear physics. Can anyone help me out here?
The topic is "how electron spin makes matter possible" and in a  previous video the topic was "electrons do not spin". https://youtu.be/pWlk1gLkF2Y
Does it mean that Pauli principle is also responsible for Volume of things?
14:40 man it was just yesterday I was watching Cyberchase on PBS on my cathode ray tube tv. Now I have Matt dropping trou’ while explaining spinnors. Thank you PBS. And to viewers like you, thank you.
2:55 I was gonna guess boomerang tbh, I was so prepared for Matt to just surreptitiously slide one out of the front of his zipper, I know you lads stay strapped at all times over in Australia 🙌
Awesome but sloppy: "adds -1 to wave function" =/= inverts or multiplies wave function by -1, ie X + -1 =/= -1 * X
A not black belt and black shirt helps to see the example
Pauli?he won’t be occupying the same energy state as any other electron no more.    He’s replaceable.  now lemme teach you how we made pasta in the joint
I'm trying to apply these ideas to a pair of opposite spin electrons able to occupy the same energy level / orbital.  Is a change of energy level a translation that induces a spin flip?  Also, if an electron was spin 3/2 could four of them fit in one orbital?
TIME dilation ULTIMATELY proves ON BALANCE that ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON/IN BALANCE). This NECESSARILY represents, INVOLVES, AND DESCRIBES what is possible/potential AND actual IN BALANCE !!! Indeed, TIME is NECESSARILY possible/potential AND actual IN BALANCE; as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON/IN BALANCE). BALANCED inertia/INERTIAL RESISTANCE is fundamental.  Consider what is THE SUN with respect to TIME AND SPACE. THE EYE/man that actually IS IN outer “space” basically experiences no time, as (on balance) the stars AND PLANETS are POINTS in the night sky. ((Consider what is a TWO dimensional surface OR SPACE (ON BALANCE), as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is CLEARLY gravity (ON/IN BALANCE).) GREAT. Consider what is the speed of light (c) ON BALANCE. Importantly, in FULLY considering what is THE EYE, notice the black “space” AS WELL. Very importantly, outer “space” involves full inertia; AND it is fully invisible AND black. AGAIN, carefully consider what is THE SUN (ON BALANCE). Excellent. NOW, think about what is THE BALANCED essentiality (or the derivative necessity) of TIME !!! Great. Consider F=ma AND E=mc2. E=mc2 is taken DIRECTLY from F=ma !!!  TIME dilation ULTIMATELY proves (ON BALANCE) that ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON/IN BALANCE) !!! NOW, carefully consider what is THE MAN (AND THE EYE ON BALANCE) who IS standing on what is THE EARTH/ground. Fundamentally, there IS the experience of time. Touch AND feeling BLEND, as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON/IN BALANCE); as gravity/acceleration involves BALANCED inertia/INERTIAL RESISTANCE; as gravity AND ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy are (CLEARLY) linked AND BALANCED opposites (ON/IN BALANCE) !!! THE EARTH is blue, and the sky is ALSO BLUE !!! I have ALSO CLEARLY explained why the rotation of WHAT IS THE MOON matches it's revolution. The tides are CLEARLY ELECTROMAGNETIC/gravitational in fundamental equilibrium and BALANCE. Think very carefully ON BALANCE about the elemental RELATION that pertains to the fact that the stars AND PLANETS are POINTS in the night sky. Importantly, gravity is a BALANCED interaction. Indeed, BALANCE AND completeness go hand in hand; as it ALL CLEARLY makes perfect sense. GREAT. It is not a strange and meaningless “coincidence” that the fully illuminated and setting Moon matches up nicely with the orange and setting Sun (AND what is THE EYE) at EYE LEVEL/BODY HEIGHT !!! ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON/IN BALANCE). Great. Think !!! It is CLEARLY and fully proven. The stars AND PLANETS are POINTS in the night sky.  It is essential that physics/physical experience makes sense. Simplicity and clarity of expression or description are vital. Common sense is what is relatively lacking today. Indeed, TRUTH, reality, AND nature/natural experience go hand in hand. The INTEGRATED EXTENSIVENESS of thought AND description is improved in the truly superior mind. What follows is true/real QUANTUM GRAVITY.  Gravity is much more than Einstein was capable of determining. Gravity is fundamental. BALANCED inertia/INERTIAL RESISTANCE is fundamental. This is consistent WITH F=ma AND E=mc2. The stars AND PLANETS are POINTS in the night sky !!! Now, carefully consider what is THE SUN AND what is the speed of light (c) ON BALANCE. Now, carefully consider what is THE EARTH/ground along WITH the fact that the sky is ALSO BLUE. THINK ABOUT WHAT IS TIME ON BALANCE. Gravity AND ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy are (CLEARLY) linked AND BALANCED opposites on balance, as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON/IN BALANCE). Great. It ALL CLEARLY makes perfect sense, as BALANCE and completeness go hand in hand.  The sky is blue, AND THE EARTH is ALSO BLUE. The stars AND PLANETS are POINTS in the night sky. TIME is NECESSARILY possible/potential AND actual ON/IN BALANCE, as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity ON/IN BALANCE. TIME dilation ultimately proves (ON BALANCE) that ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON BALANCE) !! INSTANTANEITY (or the PRESENT) is thus FUNDAMENTAL to what is the FULL AND proper UNDERSTANDING of what constitutes (and IS) physics/physical experience. E=MC2 AND F=ma are directly, FULLY, AND THEORETICALLY applicable to WHAT IS THE EARTH/ground AND what is the Moon (ON BALANCE), as gravity AND ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy are linked AND BALANCED opposites (ON BALANCE); as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON BALANCE). Gravity/acceleration involves BALANCED inertia/INERTIAL RESISTANCE (ON BALANCE), as inertia/INERTIAL RESISTANCE is proportional to (or BALANCED with/as) GRAVITATIONAL force/ENERGY (ON BALANCE); as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON BALANCE). This explains F=ma AND E=MC2. This NECESSARILY represents, INVOLVES, AND DESCRIBES what is possible/potential AND actual IN BALANCE, as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity ON BALANCE. The stars AND PLANETS are POINTS in the night sky. Carefully consider what is the speed of light (c) ON BALANCE. NOW, carefully consider what is THE SUN (ON BALANCE). I have explained why the rotation of WHAT IS THE MOON matches it's revolution. The tides are (CLEARLY AND NECESSARILY) proven to be electromagnetic/gravitational (ON/IN BALANCE), as ELECTROMAGNETISM/energy is gravity (ON/IN BALANCE). BALANCE AND completeness go hand in hand, as it ALL CLEARLY makes perfect sense.  By Frank DiMeglio
So even electrons hate Jews with their anti-semitic wave functions?
Electron do spin or no
Does gravity create mass? or vise versa?
@5:20 Could one look for an explanation within the surrounding fields (or whatever the electron is "connected" to) - if the electron is stationary, then perhaps the fields "turn" to give it the spin/angular momentum?
Rotating fermions and spinning bosons and animation but c’mon let’s be real at the end of the day it’s all pathological the Higgs boson didn’t have a spin until it bounced off 1 of the walls in CERN before evaporating so spin is all Arbitrary to the science fiction books u read unless u can tap into ur dna photons and that’s the answer
I see it but my mind can't grasp it. I reduced the speed to .25 and see it but my mind refuses to believe the cube with attached ribbons does not tangle.  So this is a physical representation of a spinor. Is every ribbon attached to every other ribbon ? How are spinors linked to the electric field? How is charge linked to spinors? My skull feels like its about to burst totally mind blown.  You guys have scraped a small window into what is reality and it is completely utterly incomprehensible to me, but thank you.
Excuse me, Sir! Do you have any idea how many submissives watch your channel‽ That belt came off you in one fluid motion, and I needed to pause and catch my breath!!
That is so far from reality as someone could get ...  I am not falling through my seat today because I am in my bed at the time of watching this ... some scientist you'd make!!  A seat is way different from a bed even though I can fall asleep on either lol
A money prize for solving THE EXTREMELY SIMPLE AND EXPERIMENTALLY PROVED mechanical paradox, which is described in the link below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY
Very well explained, even I am not too much into it I got everything !!! I just had a funny idea about Big Bang and the end of Universe : After all energy (including light) and matter are so far away from each other and burned by radiation and erosion, while space (set by mass) is so huge, the following could have happened and might happen again : if space is set by mass (I am not sure whether it is matter or mass in english, both possible?) and all particals come to an end and so only energy and light are left, space should implode, cause energy is not setting space. After we know, temperature in space is never 0 K, always a little bit more, the same could happen at the point all matter is broken into pieces (if it should be this way ?!?) and finally turned into energy. So at this point space would be losing it's definition and exactly this is the idea : it would implode, but with much energy inside, so this would be such a compression (similar to singularity in a black hole, but much heavier) that the new Big Bang could be taking place - without a loss of even 1 Watt. - This is the exact opposite of my first idea, that light and energy are defining space and Universe is much bigger than we thought. So in this case Big Bang would be a single 'event' !!
It would be amazing if you followed this up with a treatment of molecular bonding and anti-bonding orbitals, maybe even a foray into condensed matter physics and photonics.
Mind blown. Could someone break out the Crayons and explain this again please?
PBS cant afford Russell Brandt
“All electrons are the same” makes me thinking we must have missed something.
Wow this is really well explained. Actually feel like I grok this intuitively on a basic level.
so which is it, they spin or not?....video in july you said they didnt, and yet they do twice in that video.....now this title.......i shoulda staye din school !!!!
What about a Bose-Einstein condensate?
You used to energy levels as the different quantum states of two electrons but I assume spin up vs down also provides a means for electrons to be in different quantum states whcih is why there can be two electrons in the innermost shell of an atom?
You need to slow down , not everyone knows what you know and anyone knows then they don't need to watch you. Further more you are not telling story you are explaining one of the most puzzling conditions in physics.  Thank you
So Pauli exclusion principle is "the feeling between magnets" after all? If not, then why?
Wake up from the coma!:) 1) The first link below describes an EXTREMELY simple zigzag mechanical experiment, which (a) can be EASILY carried out in your garage or even on your kitchen table and which (b) BREAKS SEVERELY the law of conservation of mechanical energy and the law of conservation of linear momentum. And here is this first link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY 2) In the above mentioned EXTREMELY simple zigzag mechanical experiment friction (and the related experimental error due to that same friction) is reduced practically to zero either (a) by using of simple permanent magnet slides or (b) by using of liquid-nitrogen-equipped slides, which can be found in the two links below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQH2UhHss6c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vxror-fnOL4 (Note. A cup of liquid nitrogen costs $2 only.) 3) We (our team) are experts (Ph. D.) in theoretical and applied mechanics. We are open to discussion. BUT MOST IMPORTANT -- FIRSTLY CARRY OUT THE ZIGZAG EXPERIMENT BY STRICTLY FOLLOWING THE SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS IN THE THREE LINKS ABOVE AND JUST THEN TRY TO DISCUSS ANYTHING! BECAUSE OTHERWISE WE ARE SIMPLY WASTING OUR TIME! Wake up from the coma!:)
Its called a moment in time. You are why it exists. The experiment that broke reality did.
This is just like dancing merengue
Thank you for taking the risks to take. 😅
Matt: you did not explicitly say this, but am I right to infer that electron spin makes covalent bonds possible?  In a covalent bond two electrons (usually) occupy a bonding orbital.  The only way this can happen is if the electrons do not have self-cancelling wave functions, that is they must have opposite spin values.
What fascinates me even more is that a small but significant portion of the human species completely understands the non simplified version of this explanation on matter. Why is it so foreign to the majority of us but so easy to digest for these few.
ESCAPE POVERTY FOR EVER! SOLVE FOR EVER YOUR ENERGY-DEFICIENCY AND TRANSPORTATION PROBLEMS! WAKE UP FROM THE COMA! 1) Please consider carefully and thoroughly the link below:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY 2) The link above describes a simple mechanical four-component experimental device, which BREAKS SEVERELY (a) the law of conservation of mechanical energy and (b) the law of conservation of linear momentum.  3) Friction (and the related experimental error due to that same friction) is reduced practically to zero either (a) by using of simple permanent magnet slides or (b) by using of liquid-nitrogen-equipped slides, which can befound in the two links below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQH2UhHss6c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vxror-fnOL4 (Note. A cup of liquid nitrogen costs $2 only.) WAKE UP FROM THE COMA! SOLVE FOR EVER YOUR ENERGY-DEFICIENCY AND TRANSPORTATION PROBLEMS! ESCAPE POVERTY FOR EVER!
Ur cool 😎
Intellectual. Conversation went void my first 7 years of motherhood then was only me a intellectual listner and myself talking to it in persons aka the first second and third kind theory taken  from persons of myself so I w13900568as spinning yet the bible company was the  comment. SHES COUGHT IN THE WHEELS ...what's the verse r it's place in bible idk but men at times consider the (?) There she blows kinda.  So I have only theory and no clue about math but I see it cool so I'm trying plus he is like a gedions bible I'm adhd really having ruff time with medical world where my passion also keep most my study . But the altimers of my mother is bullying me and it's the bible part saying ...I WILL TEAR APART IN MOTHER AND DAUGHTER (STEP) AND FATHER AND SON ...I'm adopted but. Family means family and time in this one has been since two weeks ..  my dad and my kids dad died also but my denials has me in a antichrist delusion that there alive ( anti is a bringer of false end of world) .baptist ...it's not bad but hardshells and the veil rip is sorta a personality rip iv brinked a wink from so   .. .. really need a doctor I don't fear and mom ...so conscious in Louisiana ..   God bless
Okay great so what is it that is spinning and what are all the lines made of? PS I think I know but I want to see if you do?
Thirst trap analogies to describe quantum phenomena? The algorithm is really working its magic for me.
I had this weird thought and it’s keeping me up. What would happen if a particle has a spin outside of x/2 or integer numbers? Is there some sort of information quirk stopping them from existing because the particles maybe can’t go to an original state?
At 6:20 we see two waves that get shifted out of phase "cancel each other out and you effectively have no photons"... except you DO still have two photons.  So what happened to them?
Man your really smart I Remember when you said string theory wasn't true ? Now all they need is to know how many Amps it takes to excite the field ? Don't do it , thats my job. Hahaha
WAKE UP FROM THE COMA! DON'T BE HYPNOTIZED BY THE FALSE OFFICIAL SCIENCE PARADIGMA! THE NEW SCIENCE KNOCKS AT THE DOOR! 1) Please consider carefully and thoroughly the link below:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY 2) The link above describes a simple mechanical four-component experimental device, which BREAKS SEVERELY (a) the law of conservation of mechanical energy and (b) the law of conservation of linear momentum.  3) Friction (and the related experimental error due to that same friction) is reduced practically to zero either (a) by using of simple permanent magnet slides or (b) by using of liquid-nitrogen-equipped slides, which can befound in the two links below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KQH2UhHss6c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vxror-fnOL4 (Note. A cup of liquid nitrogen costs $2 only.) WAKE UP FROM THE COMA!
Extra points for doing most of this video after your pants fell down.
Today, Matt explains why you are not falling through your chair right now - unless you're a really really really fat person. Then you don't need Matt to explain it.
Does dark matter fall into a black hole ?
There are no bosons in dark matter  What happens when dark matter gravity encounters black hole gravity? Is dark matter gravity really dark wave gravity?
a ver cuando resuelven los problemas del mundo que han causado con su ciencia  juajuajua  TIC TAC TIC TAC
13:00 Is that why we can’t breakthrough to other dimensions? Or wormholes? Maybe something like that. If we exist at the same time on multiple dimensions, our composition could possibly be exact opposite of ours on this dimension. Our particles can not exist on the same plane; maybe that is why it is so difficult to get the evidence right now.
CAN WE TALK ABOUT HOW THIS MAN IS ALMOST 50 AND I WAS DEAD CONVINCED HE WAS LIKE 34 MAYBE
This dude is a fantastic teacher. He just distills the essence using the minimum amount of math.
אחלה איתן כהן שבעולם
i thought he would show something else when he took his belt off 🤦‍♂️
7:23 ... What???
Please make a vdo on twistors
Why not make a vedio on Twistors ?
Great stuff. I'm probably too late with this question, but how do you go from this to calculating electron degeneracy pressure? The presentation here says that it's totally impossible for two electrons to occupy the same state, but apparently with enough gravitational force, you can force them together regardless?
Does one electron "see" ALL outside itself as just one other electron?
I'm more impressed by the fact he was able to do the belt demonstration with only 1 quick glance down all while talking about all this
So that explains why my belt always has an inexplicable twist in it when I put it on
Can you separate a magician's metal rings, too?
Particles
Great content, which playlist do I need to access to watch the series in order?
Most textbooks or online lectures gloss over the deep meaning of the spin leaving one unsatisfied with the description. This is the first time i have seen someone explain the concept in a way makes it more satisfying an explanation. Kudos to Dr Matt O'Dowd for possessing such an ability!
Is a spin half Spinner a unitOrNormalised vector? I mean when not restricted to just what you can trivially represent with lists of numbers, being that vectors are at heart utterly generalised (direction, distance) values. Except that in a (constant and imaginary) curvature sense a Vector is a type of Spinner, so erm! what? (just pretend E is the "subset of" symbol) (Spinner E Vector) & (Vector E Spinner) 🤷🏻‍♂️
So strings (the wooden or curved line segment sort) in R^3 with translated ends with fixed orientation have a "twisty" (constant) imaginary curvature phase space, for example "null space"? I wonder if this has anything to do with how knots are strictly an R^3 thing.
1. Hold the end of the belt like this. 2. Make sure you don't accidentally tilt the camera downwards. …
Thumbnail looked like Kurtzkezaght
The electron spin means that you actually do have to turn 360 degrees to walk away.
The problem with this construct is the absorption and reemission of photons by the electron shell. If photons can be absorbed they must be converted into electrons. And, of course, there are those strange and mysterious electron/photon converters known as lightbulbs. Which means that boson/fermion classification in the standard model is pure conjecture viz. 💩. Can one even separately classify mutually interconvertible things? Like chickens and eggs? While man classifies, nature ignores its feeble-minded detritus (organic matter produced by the decomposition of organisms).
So if the spin get entangled it doesn't exist and stays in space time but if dosent get entangled then it gets mass from a perpetual motion state. And the spin and half spins keeps it from getting entangled.
The reason why I am not falling through my chair rn is because I am lying on my bed.
This person makes an interesting comment about electromagnetic force. https://youtu.be/--v5BXmFYv4?t=560
This reminds me of a Möbius strip.
Guys... AMAZING JOB OF EXPLAINING EVERYTHING! Thank you for that so much! I don't have any physics background and yet I understood everything! Just the way how you moved from simple to more complicated and explaining the complicated with examples worked so good for me! It would be really nice to keep the same structure of explaining so people withe less brain like me can learn more about our universe! :)
why am i procrastinating my pchem homework by watching pchem videos
Would be a nice caricature: God sitting and stamping out electrons and angels on the conveyor belt sorting them for indistinguishability, dumping below spec ones in recycle bins:)
Sounds like the electron's time goes back and forward
Do a two winding like the new Meta logo. Do it with a wide rubber band. See how it flips 360° which can be maneuvered into a 180° flip twice once every once around.  It is a double Mobius and right and left double helix. Amazing.
love your sense of humor
what does it mean for a particle to have a 3/2 spin or 5/2 spin?
@8:31 got it.
anti-semetic wave function
Now I get it, physicists like "spin" because it's shorter than "twistable angular potential".
,,, nntts jowlsum utta tunks ...
,,, th' *)( most lovable young*)(-ish were vullf this side yuff charon r ossuc ...
When I heard the phrase, "F and G"... Yeah, I giggled.
I just fell through my chair!!!  I think my electron spin was interrupted after downing a bottle of wine!!  (<:
Russell Brand actually teaching something that matters
Spin up , spin down, universal binary
12:57 So let me get this. Fermions DO NOT cancel each other out. ... 'Normally' But what if, under an extreme force, they do collapse and delete each other. This actually causes the ribbon(s) connecting them to entangle and rip. I can think of those ribbons as the strands which make up all the fields for the forces and the particles. But if I think those strands as the strands of spacetime itself,  then now we have a reason for why this spacetime "rips" apart when two fermions acquire the same state. The ribbons rip because they get irreversibly entangled, and a 'black' hole is made in the spacetime's grid of ribbons.
Sorry to hear about your pant situation. I think your problem is that you only have one belt. With only one, you may well find yourself quickly bonded to another entity.
Resembles, Aether's nodes created by the coaxial transverse waves of Dielectric Energy and Dielectric Voidance Field/Magnetism.
thank you for teaching me si
The new physics knocks at the door! The CONSTRUCTOR THEORY results in two EXPERIMENTALLY PROVED SEVERE violations of the law of conservation of energy, which are described in the two links below: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xX14NK8GrDY  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BAydFMDKj2Y   Let us popularize the two links above as much as possible!  Let us popularize the two links above in any possible way! Let us push forward together the technology progress and end poverty around the world!
This is from a limited knowledge of physics, but surely there's a limit to the number of bosons in a given space? Given that the boson carries some energy, such as a photon, then you could exceed the limit of energy (i.e. mass) allowed within a given radius and it would collapse into a black hole no?
Makes my head spin...and I love it. Thanks!
What would be required for Angels to appear thru walls , from heavens realm?
YO PAULI!
720° rotation for a return to its starting position, and we can only see the square of the energy state? I was sure the number "i" was about to come up when you said that,... or at least some trig, relating something about sin (θ± π) = -sin θ. Wave functions are fun... to me at least. But, but, but how would I go about designing an experiment to test if this is true? It's still difficult to wrap my head around particles with spin, that aren't actually spinning. Why call it spin, then?
love the belt trick but if you wore a white shirt with the black belt or a white belt with your black shirt...
aw. Humor 😁
PBS Space Time: How Electron Spin Makes Matter Possible PBS Space Time: Electrons DO NOT SPIN https://youtu.be/pWlk1gLkF2Y
Fermions
There's something that doesn't add up for me here. If electron "spin" states are related to magnetic properties (diamagnetic, paramagnetic, etc.), and there's substances made up of both states (eg. ortho-para water) then why can't the paramagnetic water molecules be extracted from water with a magnet? Isn't there an interaction between the molecules which in some way neutralizes these states?
I'm an aggressive electrician if I don't have a coffee.
This is one way how discovered newvtechnologies because this us charakter of universe and also gravity is evidence and Easy to say you Can transform to other world if you discover how to get the rid of universe service
so which ever is negative is unmoving imparting force to the other electron, like two pendulums on a string when you swing one.. The unmoving one is impacting negative force which we see in the movement of the other one  as the square. Depending where on the spiral line they are in relation to each other. Interestingly viewed from a point , the further from the point the more the wave distorts, like tuning a piano. You have to tune it around a point.
Never before have I ever heard a most clear and beautiful Electron Spin before. Thank you very much.
To achieve success need to huilt a area to produce the material to subtain the nucleus particles and a particle Camara to produce material the don't exist and to  manipulate the atoms  is time some one in the past did it
Well, duh...
I still can't figure out who the intended audience is for these videos. To know even the basic vocabulary of what he's talking about is to put you in a category of person who is not typically learning this stuff from YouTube. For the rest of us, or me at least, these get so far over my head so fast.
Spin behavior and indistinguishability = spin statistics theorem
Why am I watching this ? Can the youtube serves please spin out of existence ?
Now how far in education did I go? 7th grade. Just like George Washington. School isn't for learning it's for training
Your going to disregard me. How? I'm going to tell you. I can answer every single question you have with no education. How? I'm Basque. My Bloodlines belongs to the Ancients.
I still can’t decide it was a 20 minutes well spent or wasted.
Interesting. What are the explanation of the energy states then? This merely explains why two electrons can't share state.
So cool, truly God made the universe with simple that when grouped become complicated for our human minds but of course not for the Inifinite (aka Trinitarian God).  God bless, Revelation 21:4
At clock time 7:20 my brain exploded.  Just fyi.
Where does the energy go if you let 2 laser beams destructively interfere? There’s no more light, thus no more photons, but energy can’t just disappear, right?
Man, God really knew what he was doing when he created the Universe. He put alot of thought into   tiny electrons and the way matter would gain mass.
How does this knowledge apply to conquering space time?
This actually makes sense and doesn't seem too complicated, I wonder why it has been presented before as such a mystery.  Must be that many others don't really know what they are describing, this is the best description I've ever come across though and look forward to learning more-Thanks!
i watch a lot of science channels, and this guy is the hardest to follow by far. not good narration.
Me: Explained to a friend how light can't escape the gravity of a black hole and felt smart. Youtube Recommendation : Mind your place there, serial community college student. He did explain the subject matter well and it's fascinating.
There is another solution. I have.... ;)
Ok, so... Considering Pauli's exclusion principle, what would happen if in a sealed chamber with a gas one injects electrons (by any means of emission)? Would the pressure in the chamber rise? What would happen to the gas? What would eventually happen if one keeps adding electrons?
What is really depressing about quantum theorists is how they lie about classical physics and make up. ridiculous  claims they pretend classical physics would predict. Of course being ridiculous fake claims ..they aren’t observed and quantum theorists go back to bed happy they have stopped classical physics from being recognised as a better theory than QT. Take the Stern-Gerlach experiment. They pretended that classical theory predicts a spin!!! No it doesn’t! Only Wuantum theorists pretend pretend classical theory predicts a spin. Fact is that a classical model of an atom gives it a non spinning N-S dipole. And going through the Stern Gerlach setup classical theory predicts these two states will be sorted into 2 subsets. As observed. Fact is Stern Gerlach confirmed classical theory, but being quantum supporters they lied to make their favoured model win the day. It’s a bit like a crooked casino. It fixes the game to make sure the house always wins.
This is what the internet is for... Thanks.
Electrons are eigenmetrics of spacetime.
I wear suspenders so I don't get it.
Great explanation :D Thanks!
Breathing and up quark inversion to presure grows auric chi.....tensing
Coppernicium and coin tricks.....
Entanglement is a matter of xtra perspectives in shin between man element and God,  ticktock eyeknoseduknosetoo
Nonsense, everything is mechanical, nothing is totally weird like this. Gravity is actually flowing into holes to create the electron in real time. The gravity flow directions have to be taken into account when rotating an electron. Gravity collides with gravity from other directions which makes some invisible walls that alter how the electron is rotated. But nothing is weird, just hidden.
Pents drop 🤘
I guess Pete Holmes was wrong
... I've been thinking about this since we talked about the concept of the speed of light-  Couldn't the quantum fields we know of, and virtual particles be considered Aether? As in the Luminiferous Aether that classical physicists came up with way back when?   Granted they obv didn't have the math down, and were missing some things, but fundamentally weren't they right to presume that light doesn't travel through a non medium since even the vacuum of spacetime randomly has particles pop into existence according to the uncertainty principle?
Is the Pauli exclusion principle named after DJ Pauly D from Jersey shore?
"[...] a structurally critical item of my clothing. There's a chance that this episode could get a little weird."  Oh no...  "And I mean, quantum weird."  Oh thank Atheismo.
Yea this one kinda lost me.
More I watch this channel the less I know. What's going on? Is this what quantum mechanics feels like?
This was the most informative advertisment for Matts onlyfans channel.
But what about electron and positron?
Có người nói tồn tại 24 trái đất,, mà mình đếm được có 6 thôi à
Wow  🤩 ~ That / this is awesomeness 🙂~
Can you repeat that in English please?
Is that a girls haircut?
7:56 now we do the math, which you should relax about because it’s only addition and subtraction. “Let’s think about the quantum state of an electron”
To show ones butt for science is the highest scholastic sacrifice. I tip my fancy hat to you, sir.
I think I need a 420 rotation.
Ah yes, electrons and cute physicists.... all things that make me excited :)
You’re really fun.   “To summarize again…”  The probability of measuring a wavefunction is called psi. If we’re trying to identify the position of electrons (A,B) we’d define it as psi(A,B). Since there is a ground state and an excited state, and since each electron can bounce between we define the collective superposition as   psi(A,B) = f(A)g(B) - f(B)g(A)  The reason we’re able to identify them as positive and negative is because with fermions, a single rotational spin is analogous to a change in position which would account to a half phase shift in the wavefunction, denoted by the negative symbol. This is true for all spinners.   I don’t understand why, mathematically, we can’t have two in the ground state. I’ll keep thinking, but you wrote out that their values would cancel leaving 0. Which means they’d inhabit the same same, they don’t. But you didn’t explain why? There doesn’t seem to be a reason why they can’t be in the ground state, I’m assuming there isn’t any space available to change a position variable and they’d have to inhabit the same space. Which is why their functions cancel so easily in your example.   I still don’t understand why? Like it makes sense that we would use antisymmetic wavefunctions as a template to map and prove but you don’t explain why? Lol  The business about the spinning seemed to be a physical phenomenon of objects spinning in space. Hence your ability to use your hands as examples and coincidentally, we’re all made of matter.  You’re also saying the spin of an electron allows us to map out the probability amplitude if singular electrons too? Because they’re spin half means their wavefunctions are defined anti-symmetrically.  Why do we define the wavefunctions along one full spin? If I understand correctly the antisymmetic portion of the equation refers to a rotation or when they switch places. Why do we choose only those two points in time? Is it because it’s the easiest to mathematically define?   psi(A,B) refers to the aggregate and  f(A)g(B) - f(B)g(A) refers to the two states we observe to map the rest of the behavior?  Or rather, the wavefunction is defined by psi in the aggregate and by the component parts because of their ease to mathematically define those two points in space time. After one rotation or swap, then returning to normal.   For example we could break it down into 16 parts, so long as they were symmetrical intervals of time, then we’d have an outrageous equation.  Okay, proof by contradiction because when we use symmetrical wavefunctions they become unbound. Or rather, matter wouldn’t behave in the way we observe. I’ll trust you with the math and ruminate on what that means. Because they’re antisymmetic only one wavefunction can be in a place at a time, mathematically.
But what is keeping the fermions from collapsing into one state and cancelling each other's wave functions anyway?
Lol it startled me when Matt pulled out his belt, bad childhood memories from school I guess.
so can someone do a model of planet orbits if they were connected via the quantum spin ribbons thing?  everything is fractal. that could explain why the moon circles the earth twice in a day?
Great explanation! Richard Feynman said that if he really understood some aspect of physics, he could explain it to a freshman. But the Spin Statistics Theorem stumped him.  He was unable to come up with a simple explanation, which you have done.  Bravo!
Imagine servers that can perform quantum spin calculations. It is possible with quantum servers where one grid calculates instructions, the other one stays dormant, and vice versa. The key is in the formation of the grid of one server to the next whether they are side by side or stacked.
could it be that our convention of matter is wrong? The difference between matter and antimatter is in charge, however we have assigned both charges to our definition of matter. Why not consider positive charge to be matter, so the up quark is matter, and the negative charges to be antimatter, so the down quark and electron are antimatter (or the other way around). This would mean that we would have equal quantities of both, and symmetry will only break locally depending on which you have most, and it also means we are made of both matter and antimatter, and there would be no need for dark energy. The reason the electron orbits the proton, is that the proton has both positive and negative charges in its quarks, so the electron is attracted to the up quarks, but repelled by the down quark, and get locked in a orbit. In case of high energies, the proton can absorb the electron, and thus turning intro a neutron, which would have 2 negatively charged quark and one positive one. However since locally we have more matter, only protons can be free, neutrons can only be inside atoms (or free in extreme conditions).
The real question is: why is "nonsense" not allowed?
Sh*t I'm out of aspirin , I'll be back
The proof by contradiction you gave makes sense, but isn't there an easier one? I mean, if A and B inhabit the same space. Then, you can swap A and B without fundamentally doing anything. This would cause the wavefunction to flip in sign. But yet, you haven't done anything, so the wave function must be what it was before. Therefore, the wavefunction must just be 0. So clearly, there's a contradiction, and A and B cannot inhabit the same space, without the wavefunction simply declaring that A and B do not exist.
The architects of our electric grid never used the word “electron” in their books
The potentially-endless particle-stacking in lasers sounds reminiscent of how dark matter does not interact with matter. Is that also an issue of charge?
"All electrons are exactly the same. You can swap any two electrons etc..." I think the guy who thought it was turtles all the way down must have made a mistake.
Every explanation of the Pauli Exclusion Principle (including this one and others in graduate QM classes) that I've seen goes something like "Well, the mathematical objects that we use to represent electrons lead to this conclusion, so two electrons can't occupy the same state", but that doesn't really tell us what is happening physically.   To put what I'm saying a little more concretely, say I have a lithium ion with two electrons in the ground state. A third electron comes along. What PHYSICAL INTERACTION (that the math is representing) keeps that third electron out of the ground state?
Awakening:  https://youtu.be/RJK-Pj5_HwY
My mind broke.......
Thanks Matt!!!
Great video! Really helped clarify some of my QM lectures!
Thank you very much for these videos on spin. I am finally enlightened. It was quite hard to visualize.
Normally Matt both is and is *not* wearing a belt
In entanglement we measure a particle with a 720 degree twist with the other particle for that we see different state at the other entangled particle. Could instant double measurement give us that same state of entangled particles? I think the answer is no because each measument is giving us the movement of  each degree of the720 degree movement. Thanx
fekin adverts , may as well watch tv
PBS : in the name of physics! we will always take off our pant for you.
Very impressive that someone managed to figure this out.
If we can't observe Psi, how do we know this is actually what is going on? Is it that this exclusion principle MUST be true or the model doesn't work? I suspect there is something more to quantum field theory going on that allows Bosons to occupy the same space and Fermions not. To keep it aligned with "quantum wave" theory, I suggest that Fermions are limited by a pilot wave frequency in normal space, and Bosons have a pilot wave in a dimension we do not interact with, but that allows them to occupy they same position in what we observe as our 4 dimensional space.
Maybe the Pauli principle does not apply to antimatter and therefore it all annihilated.
So you're saying there's no reason electrons should have to have spin from a purely theoretical perspective, it's just that in order for the theory to actually match what we see in reality they must. Almost like the Schrodinger equation actually has Telos, or a  final cause.
I wonder if this type of spin is crucial in steps of infinite energy or some interesting mechanics involved with future technologies.
How much energy does it take to make two electrons to occupy the same state?
Does the higgs field remain stable inside a black hole ?
I'm a little disappointed by PBS Space Time playing fast and loose with the terminology recently. A good example of this comes from 7:40. A 360-degree rotation isn't equivalent to "add[ing] -1 to [the] wavefunction" (in other words, subtracting 1); it's equivalent to _negating_ the wavefunction. I understand that this isn't an actual physics course, but that was still a needlessly inaccurate phrasing.
GLORY WORD HAS NOT BEEN SOWN YET   MATTER WORD HAS NOT BEEN SOWN YET   FATHER WORD HAS NOT BEEN SOWN YET   1 John 1:22-23 Who is the liar? It is whoever denies that Jesus is the Christ. Such a person is the antichrist—denying the Father and the Son. No one who denies the Son has the Father; whoever acknowledges the Son has the Father also.   John 17:5 5 And now, Father, aglorify me in your own presence with the glory bthat I had with you cbefore the world existed.      Proverbs 25:2 It is the glory of God to conceal a matter; to search out a matter is the glory of kings.    Don’t BELIVE in Christ without balls. CHTIST is one person that does words.  Matthew 1 23 “The virgin will conceive and give birth to a son, and they will call him Immanuel”[a](A) (which means “God with us”).  HOLY EMMNAUELA MOTHER OF IMMANUEL TO BE FULFILLED BY VATICAN only.
The universe is a very simple place. By using the laws of parsimony or Occam’s razor, we can reduce the complexity of the universe. According to the law of parsimony, which is the problem-solving principle that the simplest solution tends to be the correct one when presented with competing hypotheses to solve a problem; one should select the solution with the fewest assumptions. Using this basic principle, we can start with the fewest number of particles that the universe can be made of. The answer to this must be, only one particle, because that is the smallest possible number that is available and it is a good starting point. Now, we need to give this particle a shape. What is the simplest possible shape that the universe has to offer? The answer being; - the sphere. Yes, the sphere is the simplest possible shape. Well, now that we have established a number and a shape of this particle, we will need to add some states or functions for this particle so that it can create a diverse universe of matter, space, gravity, energy and light. Well, that seems to be a pretty tall order for just one simple particle to perform, so how does this particle do such complex functions? Firstly, I’ll ask Nikola Tesla to see if he has any clues. “Nikola, how does the universe work?” Nikola says “the number 3 holds the secrets to how the universe works”. Thanks Nicola!  I’ll take your advice and have a close look at nature to see how many times that the number 3 appears. Well, Nikola, it looks like you were right! The number 3 appears to be popping up everywhere when I look at fundamental elements and nature in general. Let’s make a list of what we can find – 1.  The atom has an electron, proton and neutron – well that’s 3!   That’s a good start! 2. The electric plug has 3 points - positive, negative and earth.   Getting better! 3.  In chemistry, there is acid, alkaline and neutral (3)    Wonderful! 4. There are 3 states of matter – gas, liquid and solid. (Note – plasma is just a gas which is being pushed by aether flow)     Phew!! That was a close one! 5. The human eye has 3 colour selection cones; red, blue and green. Perfect! 6. The brain sees the world in sections of 3 which is called the rule of thirds. It’s too good to be true, surely! 7. All sub-atomic particles come in groups of 3. Marvellous! That’s just the icing on the cake! 8. 3 dimensions of space - height, breadth and width.  9. 3 Fractal dimensions - atoms, solar systems and galaxies.  10. The Equation E=MC^ has 3 parts. Thus, we can plainly see that the universe uses the number three at a fundamental level for all basic things. Thus, we can interpret this as a consequence that the ultimate particle must have 3 states or functions. Now, we have established that a sphere has 3 states or functions. So what 3 actions can a sphere in frictionless space perform? Well, I can only think of 3 possible movements that a sphere in frictionless space can do which are left spin, right spin or no spin. Thus, we now have a complete picture of the least number of particles; the simplest shape and simplest functions. Thus, according to the laws of parsimony, the universe would make a fundamental particle in this manner, if it was a logical universe which didn’t have any wastage or superfluous activity.
Quantum can be both weird and normal.
Ah yes, "the belt", aka proof by intimidation
I've got one thing to say about this: good soup.
You're getting to the nitty-gritty of things.
Hang on a minute … Matt, you state that, 1)PSI can not be observed.  Fine.  But then you state that only a distribution designated as PSI SQUARED can be derived by mapping multiple measurements. If #1 is true then what exactly is being measured (a measurement must be an observation of some sort)  multiple times to give us #2?  In your presentation you did not actually say, but basic logic and the simple way that language works indicate that the measurements were of PSI or some correlated property of PSI.  But #1 and #2 can’t both be true - right?
So under Pauli Exclusion Principle … I’m not left handed or as a lefty am not bound by known laws of the physical universe … such an underachiever am I !!! —I’ll just Charle Brown myself to the door—
is this about him or quantum physics?
Now I want a merch Spinor Belt. Please. For Christmas.
USB sticks are also spin half to be fair
Isnt it a bit more accurate to say it makes pressure possible?
Believing in and seeing evidence of intelligent life beyond this apparent world is something most people genuinely hope for deep down. The full implications of even a single sighting being genuinely real is almost to good to be true, it confirms everything I've wished for my whole life, and many others. The reality we are in here and now isn't real in the way we think it is. It's real because we believe it's real and all there is, but there is a shocking bigger picture. Peoples heads might literally explode if they suddenly could comprehend what this bigger picture is, it is that shocking. I could never -fully- believe in an optimistic worldview like this with all the apparent suffering in nature - animal suffering, how could a loving "god" setup a world with that going on. I'm just going to blatantly say it: I've figured it out. This reality is the most elaborate prank of all time, setup to make us believe we are something we are not. "mother nature" is no different whatsoever than any human made technology, it is "manmade" technology in fact. No "God" exists that created the plants, animals, cell, human bodies even. Nope it's just mere technology INTENTIONALLY SETUP TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE BENEVOLENT OUTSIDE INTELLIGENCE DOESN'T EXIST. That is all. everything we learn in science about evolution and our history of having evolved from animals, or religious fairy tales like the garden of Eden, are just cover stories to hide what is actually going on. There is no such thing as death, conscious death, we aren't bodies but have been forced into believing we are, we are in fact something FAR FAR more than mere bodies. Genuine consciousness is the only real value thing in all existence. It has been unfairly farmed through our suffering for the benefit of the power brokers ruling this world. It is allowed to happen like this, because it also serves as the ULTIMATE test of true character and true love. But it is just a game, a cosmic hoax, prank, with loving implications that reach beyond understanding. It's a riddle, a test. That is it.
Dr Matt I love your videos, but why no episode on Lagrange points yet?!  They're more Maths I know, but they're still very cool and it would be great to see you talk about them!  Just an idea.
Informational video! Love that new hair, too
Speaking of matter, you should do an episode on the idea that has appeared online that would have us believe scientists more or less proved that light creates matter.
A really enjoyable video Matt, thank you.
Totally did a double take, when I first read the title as, "How Election Spin Makes Matter Possible"
Well my brain certainly went through a half integer spin several times while watching this.
If you could watch a star collapse into a black hole it would look like an eye closing where the last bit of light you'd see would be what comes out at 90 degrees from the equator of the star. If you could fall into a black hole and not die eventually a dim neutron star would appear and it would get brighter as you got closer. FYI inside every black hole is an extreamly dense neutron star. It's just so dense it doesn't let light escape but if you could spin it up so it would expand it would reappear. I guarantee I'm right. I started working out the math to shut some people up plus it'll help get closer to a theory of everything.
I've recently been researching Quantum Physics.  I'm nobody special, just a retired 63 year old chef with an inquisitive mind and too much time on my hands.  I have a question...  Consider the concept of "magic" in relation to Quantum Physics.  What if SOME of the people labeled sorcerer's, witches, etc, were somehow able to influence the quantum world before it is observed?  Could they, without knowing how they do it, cause results that could be interpreted as magic or witchcraft?  See?  Entirely too much time on my hands.
Why do quarks have a fractional charge?
If an electron is a point-like particle, where does the photon emited by it comes from?
A+b = some Squiggles that’s as much as I got out of it
Amy chance of talking about Cooper Pairs in superconductors?   Two electrons form a pair with the same energy level -> sounds like it violates Pauli’s Exclusion Theory. I was told the electron pairs form a composite boson so get around exclusion. I have absolutely no idea how or why that works, though…
And is it the Pauli exclusion principle that, in addition for allowing there to be sound, also allows us to distinguish sounds from each other by disallowing the waves to become confused? I think I saw this on another video on another channel.
This sounds like something I was trying to explain to my co worker. Magnetism.
what physical mechanism enforces the Pauli exclusion principle?
4:48 did this guy just give me a finger for not understanding a single thing he said?
I am not falling through chair coz I am not an air molecule. How dare u incinuate that...?
自旋是量子自秉屬性， 所謂自秉屬性就是只知其然，而不自其所以然！ 量子的自旋有0，1/2，1，3/2 ， ...... 由於量子的自旋有很多樣態，所以量子計算機的能力比已知的超級計算機能力高出非常多， 當量子計算機成為商品化時，整個世界將完全改觀！ 60年前電晶體的理論提出時，其理論系統尚未完整，但是電晶體已經在非常多的領域被使用！ 60年後3nm 的晶片已經作風險性的量產，2nm 的晶片已經試產！ 所以量子力學的理論尚未被人類完全理解之前，量子力學的應用早已經上線，如果量子計算機商品化，世界豈不是要天翻地覆！ 那時候人類的智慧將是«  無價  »！
Wait, but what about other fermions? Are they too indistinguishable from each other? Because they too seem to not occupy the same space. But for some reason it is only electrons that are talked about in this context. Maybe the other fermions use some other principle to not collapse into one another?
Omg please make a video about the new paper "Worldline numerics applied to custom Casimir geometry generates unanticipated intersection with Alcubierre warp metric" and how alcubierre drives might actually be feasible after recent experiments!
Like that video of a wing nut rotating and flipping in zero gravity
It's weird, but not as weird as his trousers not falling down.
I guess a theory concluding that we fall through our chair would be quite useless. So in that sense, we don't fall through our chair because we don't fall through our chair. However, it is extraordinary that we have found a theory which, when considering interactions between chairs and humans, gives satisfying predictions on vastly different size scales
I’m learning quantum computing (i.e. software & not hardware) & I learnt that qubits achieve superposition via entanglement across 2 electrons in 2 different atoms (an electron in ground state is |0> & in first excited state |1>). After watching this episode, im wondering why aren’t quantum computer hardware implementations using  electrons in the same atom to achieve the superposition?!
I feel like "literally just addition and subtraction" means something different to Matt than it does to me...
Electron Spin Matters!
Bed*
Ok I prescribe to the as above so below theory or belief. So what would this make the spin and prsession of the planet not to mention the e8 crystal and qauzicrysal theory of everything and multiverse theory. But I am no Astophisacist.
Electron spin makes matter possible.  Leftist ideology makes reality optional.  "Let me be clear : I'm just thinking ahead.  Venezuela went full Leftist, and in a few years they couldn't buy essentials, like toilet paper.    The Venezuelan currency was literally worth less than toilet paper.  To make our Socialist Utopia, I'll do the same here.    But printing trillions of dollar bills will help us avoid a toilet paper problem.  I mean, talk about dual-use and recycling...it's a win-win-win." - illegitimate President Joe "you ain't Skidmark" Biden
Does it really matter to the average joe ?
that was cool, i finally understand what super position is ! thanks
Can you explain penrose twistor theory?
Spin was always so confusing to me, that and color. This video helped alot.
A slightly off topic question  In the Planck Era, as I understand it,  there was only gravity and 'everything else' in a super dense hot  fluid.  Did this fluid have a super complex quantum equation or did quantum data not exist yet?
All of the sudden, Star Trek hollodecks make more sense, hahaha
Brain.exe stopped working !
Isn't the antisymmetry of the 2 particle wavefunction put as a constraint due to the Pauli exclusion principle, and not the other way round?
Hey doctor, have you covered the one electron universe theory? If so, can I please get a link? I just recently picked up on this: I've always been curious about retrocausality and whether the deja vu affect we experience from dreams that seemingly predict our personal futures are actually closed time curves looping back on themselves due to the wheeler-feynman absorber theory.
Will need to listen to this more than once. Ill be back.
Wtf the belt got me
Matt, your videos are awesome. Clarification & Question. At 6:30 you describe two photons whose wave functions are shifted by ½ cycle as canceling each other out – essentially no photons exist. But are there any measurable properties that remain, perhaps dictated by the square of the wave function magnitude? I ask because at 12:54 you state 2 fermions in the same phase destructively disappear, similar to a ½ cycle shifted photons - which cannot happen. Could gravity overwhelm the Pauli Exclusion principle in a singularity, destructively cancelling the fermion wave functions (matter) but leaving the mass of the fermions (the observable square of the wave function)? Just a thought….
Could dark matter be evidence of higher dimensions? Perhaps dark matter is in these higher dimensions, which is why we can't directly detect it, only see it's effects?
absolutely love the math
17:25... Well actually, why not as a school science project that spans across "generations" of students. It'd be cool to introduce kids to the idea of multigeneration projects for the sake of their children's children.  I guess the real issue with this is people down the line will abandon the idea
You sound REALLY smart so I'm gonna take your word for it.
I think you just proved electrons in our 3 dimensional plane are connected to electrons in parallel planes along our 4 dimensional axis.
Hello, I am such a big fan of astrophysics and general relativity. Yet I still can’t go in depth since I’m in grade 11. I suggest you make a playlist of “beginners guide” from the easiest and fundamental concepts in your channel. it would make understanding much more easier. (At least for me).   Thank you in advance :)
Stuff is way over my head but it's stimulating and my mind wanders far and wide imagining looking at quarks and other tiny particles. Envisioning a portal a gravity "propelled" vehicle. Compressing gravity in my mind and watching the 'mist' of radiation flow off the undulating waves. No...I'm not high, just crazy. Hahah
Electrons don't display Nonsense  I'm putting that on a t-shirt
Maybe I missed something but if two photons interfere destructively, where does their combined energy go? Surely cannot just disappear?
Matt are you an actually scientist or someone how just loves and have a deep knowledge about it ?
He stared to dumb it down, then he was like "f*ck it mate", and went full "Will Hunting got a job at PBS"
Thanks for the belt analogy, I never knew about that!  I've long tried to find a good way to explain SU(2) symmetry to people (where "people" includes myself) in an intuitive way.  This example is a good one to add to my bag of tricks.
I kept hearing "anti-semitic" and there's really nothing worse than nazi electrons.
Stop making up bullshit, Matt
Are dimensions more fundamental than matter
14:35-14:52 is really just Matt kickstarting his own OnlyFans profile
I appreciate how he speaks a bit slower and more clearly in this
12:55 Why can't we "just vanish electrons"? Did I miss something? Where was this explained?
I like to imagine Paul Dirac standing belt-in-hand with his pants around his ankles as a lecture theatre filled with the greatest minds in physics applauds him for his breakthrough in quantum field theory.
Pauli's Exclusion Principle if I recall. Spin
It's a seat 🪑
OMG If this vid was done by Sabina, we wouldn't have got the belt demonstration. Phew! I love her vids too. This was excellent with, for once, maths (UK) that I could actually follow. Thanks
soooo, pauli's exclusion principle is just a fancy energy conservation law?
I'm sorry but I'mm just doing a ??? 360 degrees and spin around
Here I am, thinking remote controls and hairbrushes are spinners.
14:40 is hilarious!
Is there a maximum rate at which electrons can exchange states?
This is a great video.
Electron spin making matter possible....I already knew this....  PANIC! Bjjeewwwww....They're onto us.....They'll never solve for the 1 to 3 to 4 jump..... ....ughhh...to bad they seem to have the  2 to 4 thing down.... >>>>PANIC!
nice
So this is why we cannot have a "darklight" (a flashlight that when shone onto a thing cancels the photons there and makes it dark).  Drat.
Wait if photons can cancel if out of phase why is electrons canceling each other out in the same way "impossible"? I'm sure I just missed it
So what happens in a true absolute zero temperature environment? Absolute zero in the absolute dark? Relative time stops? What heppens to the electrons?
Uhm. Totally....
Anti symmetric jerks
Can we also prove by contradiction that particles obeying the Klein-Gordon equation must have symmetric wave functions?
What a way to express your grattitude
I must be really tired. I think I understood all of this.
What I need is some weed to understand this.
I love the way you break complex ideas into laymans, thankyou!  something thats niggling my brain do photons attenuate? do they encounter resistance and slow down or is it a binary/abosobsortion or not? are they affected by the conservation of momentum?   sorry if this comes across stupid.
Matt: removes belt  Me: Daddy? Sorry. Daddy? Sorry. Daddy? Sorry. Daddy? Sorry. Daddy?
I was thinking of a different belt trick. 😅
qhwahks
Somehow I was thinking about exciton don't know why don't know how
well matter makes possible for electrons to spin... its simple
Here's my chance to use one of my favorite expressions: "Now just a magnetic moment!..."
Revealing mysteries of the universe comes with risk of revealing mysteries... of the universe ~ Matt
I wonder: if an object is staying put on the table, and the Force of Gravity pushes it "into" the table AND it's Pauli Principle that counteracts the gravity force, then... is Pauli Principle ALSO a Force? Some weird kind of force that never actually transfers any real energy but only prohibits energy transfer from happening by supplying some weird form of quasi-energy to counteract some real Force? Some weird probabilistic force that gets its stuff done by the brute impossibility of things with probability eactly 0% happening?
With how this was walked through, I can only imagine the amount of panic and then relief when someone first figured out that swapping the electrons changes psi, but then realized it doesn't matter because |psi|^2 is what's observed.  "Oh god, I broke phsysics! electrons aren't indistinguishable from each-other!"  "Oh wait... nevermind, false alarm"
OK Fess up .. how many of you took your belts off to try this???
Matt, Awesome vídeo, as always!  After almost 60 years out from Engineering School,  I may deserve asking a mundane question … possibly related to Pauli’s principle… Where does the energy needed to maintain static equilibrium (ball sitting forever on a table…) comes from? At the subatomic level, say… Tks
SORCERY!!!
Thumb drives also have non integer spin, that's why you usually need to turn them around more than 360 degrees before being able to insert them successfully. Does that mean they are also a type of fermion?
Would two observers still see the very same electron state, when one of them decided to walk around the electron and get back to their initial place, next to their colleague? Walking around an object essentially gives the same result as rotating by 360 degrees, in terms of observing it from every side. But rotating an electron by 360 degrees gets an observer only halfway around.
Also no two electrons can have same quantum numbers is also derived from Pauli exclusion principle.
Well,.... that's it. Proof with the 'belt trick' of what I suspected all along.... Matt is a wizard and using his magic to make our brains hurt !
When you stated that all electrons are the same as each other, I pondered whether or not you get it: cause if that broad stroke is correct, I didn't (care to) get it: My religion currently practices that 'they're the same, but different (at best)'.
God damn when did PBS get so deep into detail.  Cool video
.
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY: If you find your belt twisted in your pants, electron spin is to be blamed!
do particles with ψ(a,b,c,d) = i*ψ(b,c,d,a) exist? i thought they don't because that breaks another symmetry - there would be a difference between ψ(b,c,d,a) and ψ(d,a,b,c) - but that actually shouldn't be a problem because using antisymmetry, i think ψ(b,c,d,a) should be -ψ(d,a,b,c). so... is ψ(a,b,c,d) = i*ψ(b,c,d,a) actually just true for fermions?  edit: what about ψ(c,a,d,b)? that's a permutation of a,b,c,d that shuffles all 4 variables, so it should also be multiplying the wave function by a square root of -1, but i don't think it's the same as ψ(b,c,d,a) or ψ(d,a,c,b). so it multiplies by j?  edit 2: since we have quaternions now, i started thinking about how multiplication by k can happen, and it seems that stuff breaks there. maybe my assumption that ψ(a,b,c,d) = -ψ(c,d,a,b) was wrong, and we only need to swap one pair of particles to multiply the whole wave function by -1. in that case, ψ(a,b,c,d) = ψ(c,d,a,b), so it doesn't seem like we get complex numbers easily. there might still be particles with strange properties like spin 1/3 that we haven't found yet
Thanks Matt and also Jason Hise that animation is inspirational. Thanks for going into that extra detail I think you read my mind. Diractastic.
A b = a what now? 11:47
Now do consciousness —how electrons give rise to the C
If you rotate one end of the belt 180 degrees, then connect the belt to the buckle , it takes 2 rotations around the belt to get to the same place 720 degrees
Where do I pick up my diploma?
This is the best comment section I’ve ever encountered!!!!! The subject and commenters!!! Omg fantastic!!!! I’ve tried to leave!!!! But the gravitons waaaa hahahahaha
I remember when this channel was about star fox doing a barrel rolls , now it’s about quantum spin and I’m just not quite smart enough to follow completely.
How many times did he say "Anti-Semitic Wave Functions" and they had to cut and do over?
Bold of you to assume I'm not falling through my chair right now.
12:58 when you say "impossible" you mean in theory, right? Because isn't this happening in Neutron Stars or at least in Black Holes?
I didn't understand this one 😐
Fun fact: Matts pants dropped to the floor  when he whipped out his belt
At what point of complexity does "Murphy's law" and chaos become entangled and intrinsic to physics and life?? This is one I am pondering still but every time I think I know, something goes wrong😃 Thanks for a very thought provoking video...
nonoverlappability and indistinguishability
So everything is digital.  On or OFF...  Existing and theoretical...  0=potential only... 1=matter  One cannot exist without the other and both MUST exist (Anthropic Principle)  "To NOT exist in a physical World - would be the greatest poverty." ~ Wallace Stevens
If it's a proof by contradiction, can you prove that the law of excluded middle holds in QM?
Your videos are impossible to watch because of all the swoopy sound effects and swoopy repositions and  zooming the guy all over the screen.   It does not add to the excitement or the quality of the information presented.  It just distracts and annoys me.   I will go watch the Domain of Science guy.
Displacement current is a fictitious value used in Maxwells equations used to explain a time varying field, the equal and opposite force of a circuit.  If we learned how to unlock the time varying field with the time varying of capacitors, we could harness the spinor moment of a circuit!!
MOOOOOM, THE UNIVERSE IS BEING SCARY AGAIN
There's just one problem with the belt analogy. If you twist it 720 degrees, if you swap the ends one way (ie left side goes in front, right side goes behind) you go back to no twist. But swap the ends the other way, and you end up with another 720 twist.
Just wanted to say I love PBS spacetime. That is all
I was thinking about going into Physics, but now I am looking for a Post Office job. I still believe that there is only one electron. It moves to every place and time where it is needed.
The explanation of why the pauli exclusion principle existsis : Allowing the same quantum states for fermions would result in nonsense (unbouhded energy spectrum from below), is not really an explanation (for me). It justs means that the theory is missing something why this is not allowed, why is it not allowed for the two fermions to cancel out. We know it does not happen, but we do not know why ? Or do we ?
M-theory describes it all, you do too!
This was excellent!
Looks like the spinners were allowed to operate because of the bad light.
12:56 "You cant just vanish electrons"  Why not?  If those electrons have opposite charge, they vanish by releasing photons. This sounds a little bit lika a circular explanation to me.  Well, i know there are conservation laws but those laws are just human abstractions. Nature doesnt know anything about principles and laws. In other words: if they could vanish, they would vanish so I think there must be some kind of force which hinders them to do that. So the question is: which force ist it and what is the natue of that force.
So what holds the pants without the belt?  The excited state... 👍😁
Curiosity: how do we know that electrons spin at all rather than just swapping position if the two actions are equivalent and they are indistinguishable? It’s not like we can observe them continuously anyway..
This is why the periodic table looks like it does. Each electron in an atom is assigned a set of four quantum numbers. One is the energy level, two are moments (angular and magnetic), and the third is spin. The spin can either be +1/2 or -1/2. The levels, or shells as they are called, are numbered much like the floors in a building.  The levels can be divided into sublevels. The number of sublevels correspond to the number of the shell. The first shell has one, or effectively no sublevels. The second has two, the third has three and so on.  These sublevels are further divided by a magnetic component into what we call orbitals. This was probably a bad choice of words because it misleads people into thinking that the electrons orbit like planets around the Sun.  Each of the orbitals is formed by a maximum of two electrons, one with +1/2 spin and the other with -1/2 spin. Notice I said formed and not filled. Orbitals are not little empty containers waiting to be filled, they are formed by the electron, i.e., no electron, no orbital. More accurately, they are the volumes of space where the probability of finding the electrons are very high.  The first energy level has one orbital and thus holds two electrons of opposite spin. It is a spherical orbital which we call s.  The second energy level has two sublevels, with an s orbital in the lower energy sublevel, and three orbitals, each holding two electrons in the higher energy sublevel. We call these orbitals p. So this level can have 8 electrons, 2 in the s orbital, and 6 in the p orbitals.  The third level gets more complicated. It has the two s orbitals, three p orbitals and an additional five orbitals, each holding two electrons, we call it d. So this energy level can hold 2 + 6 + 10 = 18 electrons  The next energy level has an additional 7 orbitals called f, holding two electrons each for a total of 14.  Find a picture of the Periodic Table and notice how it is arranged. The first row is the first energy level, the second is the second and so on. On the left are two columns corresponding to elements that have their outermost electrons in the s orbitals. The first column has one, the second has two.  Over to the right you will see six columns, for elements with their outermost electrons in the p orbitals.  Tucked in between a little lower in the table you will see a section with ten columns corresponding to the d orbitals.  Finally at the bottom there are two rows of elements of 14 columns corresponding to the f orbitals.  The critical point is that each electron is assigned a set of four quantum numbers, and no two electrons can have identical quantum numbers. The result is that each orbital can be occupied (formed) by two electrons of opposite spin, +1/2 and -1/2. -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- This section is for serious chemistry students.  The first quantum number is n and it corresponds to the energy level.  The second quantum number, the angular moment, is l. It has values from 0 to one less than n. For instance: n = 1, l = 0 n = 2, l = 0, 1 n = 3, l = 0, 1, 2   The third quantum number, the magnetic moment has values from -l to +l, including zero. n = 1, l = 0, m = 0 (the s orbital)   n = 2, l = 0, m = 0 (the s orbital)           l = +1, m = +1, 0, -1 (the three p orbitals)  n = 3, l = 0, m = 0 (the s orbital)           l =+1, m = +1, 0, -1 (the three p orbitals)           l = +2, m = +2, +1, 0, -1, -2 (the five d orbitals)             The fourth quantum number, is s, the electron spin (remember electrons do not actually spin) has values of +1/2 and -1/2. So each of those orbitals could have two electrons of opposite spin. For example two electrons occupying a p orbital in the second energy level might have numbers:  n = 2, l = +1, m = 0, s = +1/2 n = 2, l = +1, m = 0, s = -1/2 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- As Dr. Don Lincoln says at the end of his FermiLab videos, "Physics is everything," to which I am going to add, "we would not be here without Chemistry."   Wayne Y. Adams B.S. Chemistry M.S. Physics
Wait, how do you know I'm sitting in a chair right now? :)
“I love you all the same I swear,” said every dad to their first born.
What I think we all should consider is that we know the singularity began with a measure of usable energy and is traveling according to the second law of thermodynamics yeah?  But then we have to consider how there are self-organizing self replicating systems that have no real explanation for in the first place.  Everywhere we look we see entropys and form that we cannot explain by a single TOE model at every important point dealing with science.
I think society has trained our brains to not think in paradoxes..
Do not all deterministic systems end up at a wave function in a relationship with what is called a devine spirit?
I get that like there are wave functions at the end of a lot of things and that ultimately it allows for what appears to be a deterministic system. For me though, all this means is that there are "static" information points. I perceive most things in a very abstract way.
if photons can overlap infinitely shouldn't a kugel blitz black hole be as simple as pointing enough lasers at the same spot?
Can anyone help me figure out why the belt trick only works for 2 rotations? At first I expected it to work for any even number of rotations but it fails for 4 and 6 rotations. Is this some noncumulative algebra? As in 2*(2*360) =/= (2*2)*360 ?   Upon further investigation, it also seems that a 4 twist (2*720) takes 2 "undoings" to return to the starting state. I assume that a 3*720 rotation would take 3 "undoings. It seems odd twists keep getting more complicated as one 'undoes' them.
I need to focus harder on these quantum principles episodes 😅. Thank you for another super informative video! Stay well out there everybody, and God bless you friends. :)
this comment has nothing to do with this video it is related to a video you posted 5 years ago. Just posting in recent video so that you may look😅. if solar system is disk shaped including asteroid Belt and Kyper belt when why can't we send spacecrafts in north(with respect to earth) or in direction above/below the disk suchthat there is no threat of asteroid belt or kyperbelt for interstellar journey. We may also get a view of solarsystem or even universe from a different dimension.
I thought you were going to say, your white board. Not your belt
This is heavy stuff.
I wonder if nature cares about what we want?
Thanks for your think!  Great channel.  Stay Safe
What happens to the Pauli exclusion principle under extreme gravitational pressure? What causes it to seemingly no longer apply in black holes?
It’s just crazy how simple math can capture reality at its most fundamental level. We’ve got to be in a simulation
In this case those | | are abs(), not len().
I've joked that there's a temporal Pauli Exclusion Principle to explain why time travel isn't possible: the fourth dimensional component of matter - its path through time - can't overlap ;-)
it doesnt matter if its spininng or not... density is what forms matter...
There has to be a better way to explaining the importance of this spin? I know the math problem is necessary, but to connect with people on a deeper level I'd love to see a poetic expression to this process. (Btw I love that I just learned this 720° spin process to "Matter" differentiating from photons and other particles) this balance, not tangling, 720 to do a full 360 with the surrounding tied waves is eloquent and visually beautiful to imagine how it behaves through out our universe in relation to matter and mass.
If I've understood correctly, two Fermions, like the two Electrons of the show, can't be in the same quantum state as they cancel out. But what about two Bosons? why two Photons can do descructive interference and cancel out each other? what happens to their energy?
Do fermions inside black holes cancel out ?
I think I can restate what I learned in this video this way:  Chemistry exists because electrons can't occupy the same state.   (P.E.P.) Electrons can't occupy the same state because the probability of finding two electrons in the same state (determined by the wave function, psi) is zero.
I kind of forgot what we were trying to prove till you reminded me at the end. It all makes sense now!
I thought the video would be about quantum entanglement and/or the spin networks creating space in theories such as loop quantum gravity.
Fine turning problem intensifies...
Matt, Got a cosmology question - Imagine two equal-mass stars initially at rest relative to each other (distance between them is initially not changing). If they are sufficiently far apart, the expansion of the universe dominates their gravitational attraction so they accelerate apart. If they're close, gravity accelerates them together. How do you calculate the boundary between these regimes and what do trajectories precisely at the boundary look like? Thank you!
Brilliantly explained
PBS, none of this makes any sense.  I zoned out!
Is entanglement entropy?
Was hoping this would explain why ghosts in tv shows that can’t touch anything ie walk through cars and doors but don’t fall through the floor the centre of the earth or the floor in a two story building
this dude, speak as if his entire audience are scientist. dude, start to speak like we are 10 years old.
What?
Modern science claims that all matter is made up of quarks, electrons and interacting energy.  BUT NOW, do all things including 'us' even actually exist, OR do ONLY quarks, electrons and interacting energy exist as all things, including us?  Are we all just existence experiencing itself???????  Do 'we' even actually exist???????
Having background music is perverse distraction!
Wait, so does this mean electrons can't just vanish, but photons can? Because I was always under the impression neither could.
3:18   😵 This helps me more than you know.
"more sensible spin of zero"
weird
damn, you are really trying to introduce enough information to make string theory more palatable.   EDIT: let me edit this, i approve even though i am not convinced that string theory works. to know the things that might make string theory viable is important.
Finally 4 dimensions, my Fancy Sabinah Hausenfelder in theory of gravity.  She is spoken for.  💫 by me.  😏.  So don’t get any ideas.  🤬.  Antisymmetric Wavefunction Still =‘s a cord with a half twist (Infinity)!  🤓.   Einstein‘s theory is still two dimensional.  Now we are looking 👀 in:2 depth.  🥰. Neg difference is adjusted to see through atmospheric differences.   Sabinah...  🥺. I’m jealous.  🤕 She is a million miles away, only takes me an hour to find her.  🤯.   Remember this!  😊. Any who...  This is not about my crush.  Look into “Gyro-Scopes” and how Layz-Hers adjustments makes compensations to hit the Mark.  Can it be seen with a naked eye 👁.   AHUM’M’@ “PBS has pissed in my Wheaties  before!  😡.  Yet...  I’m a subscribed listener.  👍” “I don’t care what people think!  🤪”
This guy never stops looking into the camera while doing the whole belt trick. Real pro YouTuber.
Wow, you've really got this stuff under your belt!
and thats why some people's pants hang a little lower than others, because the fermions on the belt are occupying a lower energy state... sometimes revealing answers to questions that no one asked. :)
@Steve Bogucki, I agree, PBS SpaceTime has been my godsend. It has opened my eyes so far beyond what I thought was a love for astrophysics.
14:42 I thought he was going to say something like "Revealing the mysteries of the universe sometimes comes with the risk of revealing your underwear." 😄
To quote Meatwad, "...do what now?"
I'm glad that I'm not falling through my chair... Excellent presentation and explanation, distinguishable from other YouTube science shows!
And here i thought the belt pun was going to go deeper. like "at risk of unveiling knowledge too great for this universe to handle". 🤣🤣
he sounds like an extremely drunk cockney at 0.25 speed lol
He didn’t finish with “space time?”
Electrons put a spin on EVERYTHING!
i did the belt thing and i was amazed like an idiot
Matt, if gravity changes time, especially near black holes, what is the effect of entropy? How is energy affected?
Nice episode with nice visualizations for my visual brain. ........... But I keep asking myself why "everyone" talks about spacetime when on the quantum level, there is no such thing as "time".
How'd he know I was sitting in a chair? Must be the microchips in these vaccines.
Stop blowing my mind!
Love this channel but can someone let Matt know that "says" is pronounced "sez", not "say-z".
I FINALLY MADE IT AN ENTIRE EPISODE AND UNDERSTOOD ALL OF IT! PROGRESS!!!
The mysteries never end...
And just like that, after a year of trying to figure out what spin 1/2 actually means, he explains it so clearly.
JUST SAYING: these videos would be more credible without this Brezhnev-wanna-be waving his hands.
But why is it impossible to just "cancel" both electrons ?
*riveted by **0:25** from the chance of nekkid Matt*  --Dave, obligatory old SF story about holding your class' attention - maybe was by Asimov?
So, If I apply a 360 Deg rotation to my bank a/c overdraft, it will get multiplied by -1, and become a credit? Hourray!!!!!!!
“You can’t just vanish electrons.” - Why not?  How are vanishing electrons and annihilating electrons different? OR how are out of phase electrons different from positrons?
"And I love you all the same, I swear!" Yup... that. Right there. I really can't enjoy one to the exclusion of the other. Thank you O'Dowd. :)
I thought the Spinners were an old soul music group.  Oh wait....  Never mind!
The great thing about astrophysics is you can be off by a few orders of magnitude and nobody cares.
Two things: Dr. Matt's definition of arithmetic and my definition, are a tiny bit different. How many of us took our belts off?
I don't know why I watch these videos, I understand about 1% but I'm 100% into them! 🙌🙃
When will Matt make his final leap and get to go home
Paul Dirac's belt trick is an amazing way to conceptualize quantum physics.  But be careful, David Carradine's attempts to study quantum physics ended tragically.
1:06 called it
4:30 Doesn't that ability for particles to move through themselves imply additional spacial dimensions / movement?
So matter is anti-semitic. Got it.
I'm wondering, isn't the Pauli exclusion principle the #1 argument against the existence of a singularity in a black hole? No matter how tightly the fermions are packed, they can - mathematically - never be in the same place.
If you put that cat in the death box one more time, I may or may not call the animal control people.
im confused.  u say electrons cant be in the same state but then u go and say they must be indistinguishable....how can they have different states and not be indistinguishable?
This gives me great hopes for our upcoming Alzofon experiments...
so electrons are nfts?  lol
2:58 Oh no he's found my internet search histor.. oh phew. He means THOSE spinners.
Question: Can the fact that a half-wave dipole in deep space has an impedance of ~72 ohms resistive be used to derive the vacuum permittivity or the permeability of free space? ....Or can the product of these two be derived?
f(n)a.....this makes my brain spin.
I've seen the video 3 times already and only now did I realize I got a mention! I definitely know much, much less than you, but glad I could help - btw, the "hole as a pseudo-particle" analogy is often used to explain semiconductors in electronics.
Me with an insense squinty face slightly nodding at everything and raising my eyebrows slightly as I make a realisation, while realising I have no actual idea what's going on and my head ends up hurting.
Howdy there. I know that in theory a future civilization could use something like the Penrose process to extract energy from a black hole. But what about other topological defects, specifically cosmic strings and domain walls? Suppose a civilization in some galaxy billions of light years away were lucky enough to have one, how could they exploit it?
You explained this so well, I love these videos 😃
Step 1: Remove belt Step 2: Superposition
I wish this video had been available when I was at Uni. Spin was the stumbling block and made me stop trying to understand, and just "shut up and calculate". Really awesome video!!!
by that math, many electrons could be at ground or excited state and cancel..... cram them in, they cancel, but they're still there.   take them out later
Watching Dr. Matt risk lose his pants to reveal the universe' mystery IS Tight!
I was on the edge of my seat when matt took of his belt
My head hurts
So is there anything that needs to be rotated 1440 degrees before it returns to it's starting position?
Your simply explaining FORM
A great as this is.. You are a gifted teacher. Wow dude
Wow..
Wavy is the way!
Kinda like Fauci's viral fraud.
This guy is trying to be more sexy than smart.
> ...You are not falling through your chair right now *Me literally slouching in my chair* ... Excuse me?
Where can I get a looping video of that 720° rotation animation to use as a screensaver?
Accurate without doubt, yet surely with sufficient energy and confinement instead of a simple failure to occupy the same quantum state the results would be that of some drawn out collision where more improbable interactions may occur than in a standard collision.
I believe the word you're looking for is "slingshat"
I always thought it was the negative charge of the electrons that prevented matter from falling through itself.  I'm sure its all related, but it would have been really nice for him to speak to that here...
I wish this video existed when I was doing my bachelors in physics. They never explain why it was spin 1/2, it was just something you had to do when assembling the calculations. Maybe that's why I disliked college so much.
It's been a long time since high school chemistry, but I recall learning about electron shells as groupings of electrons with the same energy level. Is there another property besides energy level that allows two or three or eight electrons to occupy the same shell without running afoul of the exclusion principle?
7:55 Matt is tired of being told by the producers that engagement drops when he does maths. "If they don't like it they can go and watch SciShow. This channel is about getting into the weeds."
Hi Matt,  Could you please make an episode on "why does electron not spiral into the atom ?" pretext , as circular motion is accelerated motion , electron should loose energy and spiral into the nucleus , "also if you could touch upon what kind of motion electron has around neucleus , circular , elliptical,  etc."
Still curious if you can replace pasta-ties with texture coordinates.
I love the intros on Space Time videos, they are always perfecting intriguing and kind of quirky.
I can't help but notice the camera never zooms back in this episode. Doesn't it have something to do with the belt being removed ? ;-) On a more serious note, when we choose the coefficient (-1) in the equation, because it works, doesn't that lead to circular reasoning for the proof of indistinguishability ?
Whoa... my head is spinning. It's been years (decades) since I studied physics.
Why can't you 'vanish electrons' when you can 'vanish photons'?
This got me thinking if everything is just energy vibrating in their respective fields and that there are no "particles", just energy from a field interacting or not interacting in another field to produce higher levels of abstraction such as what we know of as particles.
Since each is unique I doubt they physically disappear and switch places and reappear. I'm guessing they can transfer something, but it's the state each unique one is in,[for lack of a better term] that is transferred from one electron to another while they remain in place
Technically this video didnt exist untill i took a measurement.  Effectively creation through observation.  With that said this proves the chicken and the egg were the same untill someone asked which came first.
7:49 Half rotations causing negative values really had me smelling complex numbers and Euler's identity. I'm almost disappointed they didn't show up. 18:25 "I'm not wrong, but also not useful." - I feel that.
So, you just proved that non-existence can't exist, by definition???  haha
I really wanted to see the bloopers of the belt part...
The location of his eyebrows is also probabilistic and cannot be determined at any specific moment
Finally
😏
I'm certain someone has already said this, but the limit to the number of bosons that can overlap would be the amount needed to create a "kugelblitz" (although theoretical)
This is not random
Well, I never thought I'd see the day that this channel degenerated into a bunch of anti-symmetric propaganda! And it doesn't matter *what* kind of spin you put on it!
Fantastic!
Mental sandpaper...
d12s are my favorite. Nice heft. Sadly underutilized though.
Why I love astrophysics: Pi and the square root of 10 are both 3; everything is Hydrogen, Helium or "metals"; Half the time you get to waffle on about General Relativity, the other half you're mostly just using Kepler's laws and not even Newton's laws; All planets and stars are spherical; And I've found people working at CERN think I'm really clever because they've forgotten most of General Relativity which isn't relevant to them, so even an amateur enthusiast can impress the greatest physics minds around them by just quoting a Wikipedia page.  It feels like cheating, but I love it. And yes, I know it's because on large scales of big dynamic systems you only need to use a smaller amount of precision (it makes no sense to talk about the size of a star in terms of the exact number of protons it has, for instance, or giving distances to stars in light years, light months, light days, light hours, light minutes and light seconds - Arcturus is 38 light years away, you go deal with the error bars if you care so much), but it is fun to tell a chemistry student that every element above Helium is "just a metal", or a maths student that decimal places are irrelevant and might as well not exist, and watch them turn inside out in incandescent and thoroughly justified rage. ;)
12:55 "You can't just vanish electrons" - Dude, I can. Seeing this video in fact vanishes some electrons by light hitting my eyeballs.
oooh, indistinguishability :) where's can I buy t-shirt with that word :)
In my mind: ever since he took off the belt his trousers dropped off camera and all the spin explanation was done in his undies...
While taking off your belt is odd, the physical representation being played out was informative and helpful.
I love you both the same, I swear!
Your aliased hair leads me to believe that you're not actually in front of a green screen... Maybe let us see some more of that awesome painting you got back there? ;) I just had a great idea for an obsessive insanity: ALWAYS tracking how much you've turned (because you need to know what universe you're in, obv)
Spin me around. As this was awesome. So seams like electron can pull the funky conga line.  putting a hyper dimensional twist into the mix. Stone in the pond wave ripple out.  Meaning one twits means all twist due to entanglement. Interesting 🤨 great stuff keep it up!
Excellent as always! After covering the matter part, let's explore the mind part some more! Last week's Mind and Matter: the Kankas Symposium https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFVPUXPLXdW5iDA_eo24DeQ with Roger Penrose, Giulio Tononi, Sabrina Maniscalco, Basil Hiley, Hugh Woodin exchanging latest ideas on mind and matter connection.
Why does Matt (and every other physicist) go on about how every single electron is the same - that is they are indistinguishable from one another? Aren't all elementary particles like this? Aren't all top quarks interchangeable/indistinguishable? Bottom quarks too? Aren't photons? Z bosons? etc.?
"There is a change this episode could get a little weird" me: 'that is why I am here :) '
Is a mobius strip like the path of a spinor?
Perfect explanation of why two electrons cannot share the same *energetic state*, but... Why can't two atoms share a *physical place*? It's not the same thing. I'm not sure that my question is complete nonsense.
Very lucid explanation of the Pauli exclusion principle. Pair this with the previous neutron star episode and you gain a greater appreciation for why electron degeneracy pressure (electrons cannot occupy the same quantum state in the same location) keeps neutron stars from collapsing until the mass of said star becomes so great that electrons are ultimately captured by/driven into protons and form neutrons; hence, neutron star.
Hey non-physicist here so apologies in advance if this question doesn’t make sense. But was just wondering if/how the Pauli exclusion principle relates to the Big Bang. Like, is it possible that everything was bosons at a single point and then a sort of phase change happened in which many particles shifted to half-integral spins and that’s what caused cosmic inflation? Almost like a quantum tunneling event en masse?
cheap video, we are forced to stare at this guy
So, bosons don’t adhere to the Pauli Exclusion Principle. Does this mean, light sabers are impossible? 🥺
A math black (pant belt) magic trick.  As far as I remember, it is possible to make sense of it using the Wick rotation…
I have always thought the exclusion principle was the WHY !Yet, the antisymetric character seems to point out the fact that it’s not commutatif and i find it very odd ! Like ok they are the same, but the referential you take (here the order A/B ,B/A) matters ..
Finalyyyy
How does all this relate to orbitals? Aren't the orbital shells around the nucleus of an atom two electrons sharing an orbital space and therefore sharing a quantum state? Or does one of those electrons have to be in an excited state and one in a ground state or does none of this have anything to do with orbital shells?
12:46 Hang on, I thought the double-slit experiment turned entirely on destructive interference.  So what are electrons doing instead when performing the double-slit experiment?
Half integer spin is like an object on a circular Moebius path; once around just gets you to the same place in space but the 'other side' of the path.
A photon is not a wave train it is a singular ripple. A coupled electron/positron oscillating charge pair.  Why always a long wave train? It is fundamentally incorrect.
Every electron is the same except for it's position relative to the entire universe. Pauli is an expansion of the concept of self identity. Which makes them specifically NOT identical. If they were exactly the same they would already be each other. https://youtu.be/pWlk1gLkF2Y
I would love to hear your thoughts on Constructor Theory.
Question/Hypothesis: One thing the natural world teaches us is that no two things are exactly the same. 2 stars can be close to the same size, with close to the same composition, but they are not exactly the same. On a galactic scale, the two stars react to other stars would appear identical. Now if we look at electrons, they appear to be exactly the same, but in the natural world no two things are exactly the same. So, at what level of properties magnification are electrons different, and will it ever be possible to detect these differences.
Congrats being featured on The Daily Show with Trevor Noah lastnight.
The Spinor representation of the atom is correct. Dirac tops Einstein as far as I am concerned. There are no loose 'particles' only twists and  vibrations of actual tangible field lines. Thanks PBS! you nailed it with these great animations....!
Clicking, Watching, LAUGHING and Subscribing.
Does that mean ghosts follow the Pauli inclusion principle?
This episode: Something about fidget spinners.
I followed up to you can’t vanish electrons. Why is this true when you can vanish photons though destructive interference without any issue
It will take a while for me to understand this. But I'll keep trying :)
Hey PBS ST.. this video title is “How Electron Spin Makes Matter Possible” and two month ago you have one called “Electrons DO NOT Spin”.. well which one is it? do they spin or do they not?
"And that makes sense, because..." . My brain dying a little bit on the inside.
Well, the illustration using the belt might be more *illustrative* if it weren't a black belt against a black background, in low light.
I wonder if you could make comparisons between water rolling over saw dust and fermions. Or are fermions like monopoles, why do they refuse to occupy the same state?
I think I speak for my fellow Spacetimers when I say that I love that I have to watch it a few times to get it. Always pushing the limit of my understanding. I also think were all looking forward to future explainations where Matt takes off his shirt to explain entanglement. #physicsbod
Matt: All electrons look the same Electron: Really dude?
If an symmetric wave function for a fermion removes the lower bound for energy levels. You can essentially get unlimited energy from it. Couldn't this then explain dark energy? Especially the seemingly neverending growth of it?   P.S. i would really have liked this explanation of the pauli exclusion principle in my bachelor. Would have made the insight into why fermions have antisymmetric wave functions so much easier!
Matt: "We are willing to drop our pants for science" Excellent video!!
What is this man talking about
Does this mean that a particles spin is related to the wave functions phase in some way?
I love that you guys always happen to make content that relates directly to the courses I’m doing. Good timing
I think the reason why I am not falling through my chair right now is that I am lying in my bed.
If possible add information from Bloch's theorem. It may be easier to understand this topic without looking at the wave function
Good episode
I' m sure you believe in God.
No idea if you'll see this, Matt. But something good for you. I'm 67. I was a scientist, but not a physicist. So, I often have no idea what you're talking about, unless I have a "hook". At school (yep - 50 years ago!) I learned, in Chemistry, about the exclusion principle, using the simple "rings around around a proton " diagram. Put energy into an electrons jumps it to a higher state (further out), so the electron there has to move out of that ring. I know this is really, really, simple. I imagine they don't teach it this way now.  But it's nice that, from chemistry lessons, 50 years ago, gives me that "hook". Still don't understand half that you say, but I can kind of get it. That's why I subscribe. So, thanks 👍
I wonder how repulsion works in a more general example? Entanglement being like Tangled knots, idk if I should think of it like rubber bands or strings.
I'm new to this, can someone explain why g(A)g(B) - g(B)g(A) = 0 ? product of probability amplitude functions is commutative so we are dealing with a field, is there an experiment that shows these particles are restricted to field properties instead of a more general ring?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6dBUXNnu8M0
bosons are called thus because you can stack arbitrarily many clowns in a car  not many people know that
13:08 Damn! That's the reason why fermionic degeneracy leads to the formation of black holes. The matter gets destroyed! Only energy remains trapped. (Okay, just hypothesizing)
Okay, now that you've described spin, and how it works... could you please describe spin pairing in superconductors? And what sort of properties makes that work...
I'll have spinors for dinner
I guess one question left here is how exactly do we distinguish bosons.
That 720 "rotation" makes me think on additional dimensions... Seems like the electrons and fermions in general, has to complete a "trip" on those additional dimensions to reach what we see as a complete simetric "trip" before it returns to original state.  Thanks Matt. Your videos are a beautiful gift for me.
Thank you for going deeper and explaining the Pauli exclusion principle. Was very interesting to watch.
I still think that all electrons are still probably the same electron, just in different spots in time/space.
So how is it then within this paradigm that helium-4 composed of fermions can condense into a superfluid?
Can electrons swap energy states without any net energy costs?  Does it ever happen?  Or are electrons “locked” into their original energy states?
Sa Da Tay, but I feel lik this was a missed opportunity for some good Pootie Tang references.
Something about belts being anti-Semitic?
My high school science teacher borrowed my National geographic to read when I told her protons and neutrons are made of Quarks.
So if you manage to get a nucleus with spin 0, can you stack them?
"Don't worry, it's just addition and subtraction." Proceeds to confuse the flip out of me...
This video might as well explain how the groups of atoms peform  to what we might call as chairs as explained by Vsauce
Since electrons and neutrinos are both fermions, is it correct to say they cannot occupy the same space? Neutrinos passing through our atmosphere and underground without colliding with anything until they reach detectors almost seems like similar chances to a spaceship coasting through a galaxy without hitting any stars, planets, etc. Makes me wonder if quantum tunneling is the norm for small particles.
I had to roll back when he said the particles were antisymmetric cause I thought he said antisemetic
If this would have existed 15 years ago, I definetly would have pursue a more theorical scientific path in my studies... well, if I would understand english at that piont in time xD
Best explanation of spinors and Spin-statistics Theorem
I don't know which is weirder, that fermions can't occupy the same state, or that bosons can.
at roughly the 13 minute mark, Matt says that electrons can't destructively interfere (thus making it impossible for A,B = 0 which is what would happen if they both occupy the ground state) but- why?
Research information   Hi, my name is Victor and I have a question about magnets. The question I have is about the energy transfer between magnets. I made a 2-minute video  (   https://youtu.be/gpNjT2Q_Tvw  ) about it and a 40-sec video (  https://youtu.be/Jau-kkhCbyM  ) about something similar. I am wondering how the energy is transferred till the end of the cycle. Please take a look at the videos and give me any feedback/education that you can. Thank you for your time
👍
you should be able to define all this in topology?
God is amazing !
Maybe I'm crazy, but that 720 degrees spin for the electron, sounds like it has more spacial dimensions than we're used to... Is this even a possibility?
*But does chair exist?* dum, dum-dum~
So they are like the spinners at greatful dead show you can walk through the center of them and they won't bump into you
OMG how did he know I was sitting in a chair?
All electrons are identical. Or, all electrons are the SAME electron.
what happens to fermions in a neutron star?
Lost…. But I keep going hoping some infinitesimal piece of knowledge finds me
antisymmetric, you say?
This must be the first time Matt wasn't been able to concoct a semi-plausible segue into literary abuse of the term space time! :D
There just aren't the correct words for how much I love these episodes.  Particularly in one like this where I have a eureka moment.   As opposed to the point running away like a child on sugar playing hide and seek.
who can come up with the best/most anti-symmetric joke?
"I've never seen electricity, that's why I don't pay for it"  ~Steven Wright Quotes About Energy
what did the proton say to the electron?    don't be so negative, life's more fun with a positive spin on it
Absolutely awesome and clear explanation of the Pauli Exclusion Principle. I took a fair bit of time out of my younger days trying to get a grasp on this, whilst this video would've helped me in minutes. Years later, I have lost some of that knowledge but with the help of this video, I can now also remember in minutes.   This video reminds me of another interesting point...I believe particles (bosons or fermions) tend to decay to lower energy (mass)...so it seems we have proof that nothing is less massive than an electron, with the same properties. In other words, it is stable because nothing else exists. Now I could be wrong here so don't take my word for it.
So this means its possible to go through walls ... 😏
Quantum Static
I'm gonna try something here and see what happens. I believe in the Creator. And I see a lot of "Christians" in comments that are not upholding the values. Now I know the Bible is not to be taken literally. So my thoughts: God used the natural systems that we know exist to create everything. I love learning all the things in these videos and just wanted anyone's thoughts. I won't respond to trolls or dumb comments. I hate to say it like this but by dumb comments I mean people who are being a**holes. I don't even know why I'm doing this but let's see I guess.
So... Is it completely impossible for fermions to cram into the same state, or could it still happen in extreme environments like black holes? What would happen, if two electrons annihilate each other by having opposite phase? I imagine that maybe, matter just falls apart like a house of cards inside a black hole, leaving only bosons that account for the energy... I am talking out of my rear of course, but I am still curious ^^
Yes but why?
I wonder if this guy knows what he's talking about or is he just reading a script .
Yeah I get it , but why does that cause matter, God's riddle has no end .
The greatest known physics teacher in the universe!
Need a better description of the belt trick. It seems to me that I'm either doing to wrong, or it is a painfully unimpressive trick not clearly illustrative of anything.
All of these space times are great, but this one was a cut above.  Very nice job!
does that mean higgs spin zero cant be entangled ?
This is spell-bounding.
I guess it could have been especially embarrassing if out good host 'cocked-up' this explanation.
So at 12'35 why don't the electrons just anihilate then ?  It's all very well saying "...conserved quantities...blah blah blah..." but if the maths around the  wavefunction permits them to disappear why doesn't the Universe just let the conserved quanties be non-conserved in that specific case ?
this was the best lecture i ever saw, thanks
explodiu minha cabeça
I was wondering for some time what are those spinors, as I've heard of them here and there...
That is not just addition and subtraction, that is algebra, my brain just dissolved
Is there a reason that the name of the spin type references the fraction that a single rotation makes up of the total rotation required to return to the original state, versus using the total rotation? In other words, is the label of spin 1/2 versus spin 2 for 720 degrees of rotation semantic, or is there a functional or mathematical reason to call it that? Asking for a friend.
Antisymmetric?  I had no idea that particles had an opinion on Israel.
all electrons are not equal to eachother, electrons dont spin they vibrate, frequency does not equal spin, different frequencys repel eachother, your thinking to simply, as humans do, all things are not hard mechanical repulsion, they are vibration that interact but do not pertrude eachother, they rub up against eachother like my cat wanting a stroke, she enjoys it because we dont combine, the lower vibration nutron and protons hold the base frequency and that cant be changed but the electrons are fluid so they can move past eachother and have a feeling interaction, a touch signal, the base frequency is what we interact with, nothing spins!
I just learned about this in a video about the chandrasekhar limit and type 1a supernovae
Call me dumb, but I didn't get how do two electrons fit in the same orbital.
4:11 - That's cheating. When you let go of the end of the belt and move your hand around the other hand, you've made a topological change, equivalent to twisting the end of the belt, letting go and moving your hand is _not_ a neutral, zero-change action. 🤦 … Unless you did it in 4D. In 4D, you wouldn't need to let go and move your hand, you could go "through" your arm by going "around" it in the fourth dimension, and thus, it _would_ be a zero-change action. 😉 As is often the case, the rules of the universe make sense if you think "outside the box" (read in a higher dimension). Too bad nobody suggested this to Dirac.
Magnetic fields
plot twist, electrons are spherical.
Just arithmetic? Don't Lie, Algebra is also necessary! (a joke about the fact you are dealing with Lie Algebras even though I know it's pronounced Lee)
Be a physicist is not enough. You must organise what you want to share here. To speak about something need inner organisation. Or dee the great change of narcissistic wiepoint. and need the imagination, how the discipules will be able to recieve your not well organised performance. Be a teacher a little bit.  People are here just do not know figur out what is your purpose? Even all around here have knowledge about Hesinberg, Schrödinger  (...) wavefunctions. You frequently just fastly repeat your lesson without any articulation and proportioning. And emphasis what is important. So, How by rotation/ spinors the delusion of space is suddenly emerge?? Or, all we are imbecile??
Notice that around the ten minute mark Matt begins to pronounce "square" like an American, that is, with an R at the end, and, only moments later, he pronounces the same word as a Brit, so we are seeing a superposition of pronunciation states transitioning from the ground state, Brit, to the excited state, 'Mercan and yet in this case both states are clearly distinguishable.
I remember when I realized, as a little kid, how little there is to solid matter.  Soon after the realization, I got sick and a high fever.  A couple times during that fever I imagined the world as it really is, with solid matter less concrete than mist,  and then I'd get horrible vertigo with cold sweats as I grabbed the sides of my bed and imagined the twelve thousand kilometer abyss of super hot intangibility beneath me.
WTF is he going on about?????
Of all the chanels I dont understand one bit whats goin on, this one is my favourite
"Maybe you should put some shorts on or something, if you want to keep fighting evil today."  - The Bowler - Mystery Men  If you want to keep on physics-ing, on the other hand, the admonition is much more...relaxed.
If the Pauli exclusion principle is so fundamental, why can it be overcome by gravity at all? (E.g. in degenerate matter)
I like how the famous "single electron traveling back and forth in time" makes perfect sense for the exclusion principle, as it is undistinguishable, then you get a time loop instead of constant travel.
Pants down, the best depiction of spinors I've seen!
I guess is you’re a quantum particle, walking 360 degrees away from an Xbox makes sense
I'm really really sorry, but my brain keeps hearing Anti-semitic wavefunction :P
Even the jokes are wierd
Don't be a tease, Matt
Well it wouldn't be quantum if it wasn't weird 😂😂
Just 2 questions, if I may: If two electrons that arrive at the same location disappear, why don't they just do that by quantum tunneling? And then, if I am not falling through the ground because of Pauli's fringe ideas, how long would it take for me to actually melt into it. I mean, that enough of my electrons and other fermions quantum tunnel to the available spots inside the ground so that a non negligible fraction of my shoes are indeed inside the ground. I guess it's faster to slowly sink in the sand at the sea side... Thanks
Electron spin is fake science!
10:45 ah yes, functions f and g, everyone knows those letters from math class
I don't know what we thought you were going to say, but I know what we hoped you were going to say
Hope I’m not the only one who grabbed their belt and tested this.
"Of course before you want to watch this you should familiarize yourself with the subjects we touched upon in the previous 30 episodes of Space Time..." Love this channel.
Wardrobe malfunction! Wardrobe malfunction!!!! \o/
I would like to discuss the possibility of a Pauli Paradox Bomb/Reactor/Degeneracy Engine, aka using the Pauli Exclusion Principle, to destroy matter. Can the PEP be used to release energy from matter (both for power and weaponry utilization), similarly to how matter degeneracy happens inside neutron stars?  Basically running the equation E=mc^2 in reverse. No need for AM/M annihilation and carrying around dangerous Antimatter, you just place a lump of any matter inside a chamber and start releasing the energy held up in its mass in the form of EM energy till it disappears completely. That could be the next "Big Thing" after Fusion Reactors, no?
this video was hard to understand
Observation from a simpleton. We only understand what we can see.   If we can't see it, we construct a concept so our brains can understand. The two main  clues to understanding the universe are dark matter and  black holes. DARK/BLACK is this the best we can do?
From this video I understood quantum mechanics better, then from university lessons.
Well now i got a weird urge to write a Fullmetal alchemist fanfiction and use this principle in a dialog to baffle the characters and readers alike
Bring back some Astrophysics!
Something about belts.
Remember these are Theories! It's just a Guess!  Someone probably came up with this at a Disco in the 80's.  But Germans were doing the Poka for a long time! 😄
If I understand correctly all known particles have spin and the spin might decide how it gives particles the properties we call matter.  Is there any theory or evidence that dark matter and dark energy are just particles that have no spin properties?
Wait, this doesn't necessarily mean that electrons can't operlap. Just that if they were to overlap, they'd annihilate each other and turn into pure energy. Shouldn't quantum randomness allow this to happen every once in a while?
I've been questioning google quite few times about the nature of Pauli exclusion principle and finally Matt provided such a brilliant explanation! Such a satisfaction. I can only imagine how satisfied are scientists when such idea clicks first time in their heads! Now if someone could explain the nature of spin in a similar way, pretty please :)
Impossible for electrons to occupy the same state why?  Because the math says so?  Thats not really a why, is it?  Has this been experimentally observed?
So does this mean that if I describe the wavefunction of a wateratom, ALL electrons will have a different quantum state? Or can they be the same in the 2 Hydrogen atoms that water contains?  If not, what if I split that water atom and give the wavefunction for the 2 separate hydrogen atoms, wouldn’t those functions be the same? Assuming that they are in independent measurements.
🎶 Just keep spinning, just keep spinning 🎶
er ist sehr intelligent.
I don’t know why I tried watching this first thing in the morning
Happy to hear you in your new hybrid English accent. It suites you well.
"... for you, here, on spacetime" - that's a bit of a cop out!  It's a reference to the channel, not to spacetime itself! Excellent video.  Absolutely amazing explanation of half-spin fermions and why the obey Pauli. Thanks.
They had a fermion on their belt, as was the style at the time.
Holup is this why single cords can get bunched and twisted so easily? Am I a physicist because I wrestle with my garden hose?
Tremendous. Thanks Matt.
@8:27 "We can never, ever observe Psy."  Was Gangnam Style viewed so many times that we used up all our observations?
luckily you have a shirt that is more like a gown so we wouldn't see anything even if you compromised your lower threads
The Pauli Exclusion Principle continues to bother me, no matter how many times it's explained. This mathematical trick is great but how does that translate into physical principles? What's the actual mechanism that makes that rule work?
The greenscreen was a bit dodgy this time
My romantic life must obey the Pauli Exclusion Principle, because me and another person can never share the same state of mutual attraction.  Thanks, universe.
i feel like i learned something. i dont know what it is because i didnt understand anything.
"you can't just vanish electrons" Sounds reasonable but if we are building up from first principles, then why assume electrons can't destructively interfere? You just said photons do just that. Also, what role does coulombic repulsion play in trying to shove electrons together?
Tell me you're an Aussie w/out saying you're an Aussie.  *Shows belt buckle*
4:48 casually flipping the bird when all of us are focusing on his hands.
I watched a lot of your vids and had issues before. Now i watch at 2x and all is well. tnx.
The question that I have, is there a limit to the complexity of a spin? Meaning is there.. an infinite 360^x type complex spins that detangle for the matter side of things... Theory could state they are sniping so fast within a time frame that it would appear ot be still, but maybe there are spinning...20 billion times a second... Made up nonsense.. its arbitrary at the moment; just giving emphasis. What would these states proceed in those actions and meaning of them.  I remember that 1080 snow boarding... so "for sure" 1080* "jokes(but maybe)" spinners must exist.. but what is hte limit to the spinning or purpose... You cna track the motion of the path of spin back to its origin by putting a marker on the edge of a vertices and then having it draw a trail until it returns back to its point. Now were getting int stephegraphs or whatever there calle.d
This is one of the best episodes of Space Time yet. Thank you for the great content!
What exactly does this mean for Cooper pairing in superconductors? Those Cooper pairs are still comprised of electrons, which are still fermions, yet together they act like bosons, which can share the same quantum states as other bosons. This seems like an impossibility, but we know that it's happening, so...???
"do you even spin?"
Are anti matterial states like blackorbs, blackholes and blackshafts mostly high gravitational preonic neutrino stars and there fatal and entropic additional outputs? Let's cryonics and find it out.
Shower thoughts, In the formation of a singularity is the Pauli exclusion principle broken? What about bosons? Does the black hole singularity occupies a single quantum state?
Question: in this episode you explained how fermions are... exclusionary, and bosons are not, and can occupy the same space with apparently no density limit...  But in the recent neutron star episode, you said the inner layers of neutronium were made up of particle pairs that acted like bosons...  So... why don't those particle pairs collapse, starting a cascade and reducing the whole thing into a black hole?
So what is the relationship between electron spin and gravity?
is Earth a spinor? since two planets are never on the same orbit....
Overlappability: The ability to overlap - A new word!
Make my brain grow magic man!
The trouble with reverse engineering from a fixed perspective in nature, as we are often forced to do, even with accurate data, is we are forced to draw conclusions that fit the data, and yet, those conclusions are not guaranteed nor even likely to land anywhere near the true description of reality. For example, the earth-centric universe. The correctly observed, and measured motions of the planets didn't reveal in an obvious manner the underlying flawed perspective. Flawed descriptions and supporting mathematics and postulates can provide frequently accurate results even to 10 decimal places because they describe the symptoms and not the cause. One can measure and describe everything about a cool breeze as it passes over you and yet reveal nothing about whether it is the last gasp of a distant dying hurricane, or from a nearby wind turbine, or is a direct well-traveled atmospheric perturbation of our parent sun's energy. Absent the correct description of the underlying structure of any natural implementation, refinements to observed phenomena and their representative mathematics and symbology will continue to be flawed. Upon the realization of the actual defining structure, all of the previous notions are often deprecated for a new description.
Waiting for the pants to drop….
The gibberish you just said has no merits in reality.
I ain't gay. But Matt can reveal his mysteries to me any time.
Cheap and  abundance of energy generation,, is going to be mystical
so... when you press harder than physics allows it, you get a black hole so nobody can see the glitch?
Excellent,,.
Maybe there's some information that we are missing that 'allows' black holes to break/violate the Pauli Exclusion Principle?
laser question if i have two beams out of phase pointed in opposite directions, will a laser beam magically emerge at each end and burn stuff, but you can safely touch the middle?
No god?  Dang this was interesting
matt: .. why you're not falling through your chair vsauce: are chairs real? :)
Is it Ethan Cohen, the film director?!
I think that just may be the best episode yet. Thanks a lot
2:34 That’s how “they” talk about all “essential workers!”
My gosh, I almost understand this!
I'm really really stoned. I just feel like I am falling through my chair.
I knew ABBA had something to do with it. It was always the first album I saw at the record store.
I feel like you skipped a step there or begged the question with “you can’t just vanish electrons”  If photon waves can cancel each other out and vanish why not electron waves ?
How does the collapse of a black hole overcome this?  Clearly that eventually forces many fermions into the same state.
“I wish I had earned a PhD in quantum physics, rather than a PhD in astrophysics.”   …Smart people problems.   .
Can you do a video on emergence theory vs string theory
that is nothing like what I have learned in school
Your belt tricks are not "the" belt trick as demonstrated by Feynman.  That was more like what you use the animations for, showing another (comprehensible) physical system that requires two rotations to return to its original state. All you're doing is showing the correspondence between twisting and coiling.
but multiple fermions in a system can behave like bosons (helium as a superfluid)
The spin half has a much simpler explanation in my theory - The Hypergeometrical Universe Theory (HU) Here is the monomeric block of matter = the Fundamental Dilator https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-ec947907a8d06352714d7758856c831f https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-8721e0c18ded6f5ea2187e58db53a5b6 and here is a composite (polymer) called Neutron: https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-6dee603d192a0a29cc19c5062b580977 and here is the Neutron "energy" diagram: https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-08901da3806b226203e241d28fa7d9a6  Red lines are transmutations lines corresponding to rotations within the 3D Hypersurface (a.k.a. our Universe).  Notice that to go from spin 1/2 to spin -1/2 one just has to revert the direction of the coherence. https://qph.fs.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-ec947907a8d06352714d7758856c831f  If this electron has spin 1/2 and starts on electron being flushed with the Universe and moves to a perpendicular (to our 3D hypersurface) antiproton phase, the spin -1/2 would move to the proton phase.  WHY IS SPIN HALF? Notice that the diagram shows THREE concomitant processes: tunneling from electron to proton states, spinning in a 4D spatial manifold, and changing from dilation of space to deformation of space. You can see that after a cycle of tunneling electron-proton-electron, you land in a positron phase due to the overlaying dilation-contraction process.  This is how you see that Quantum Mechanics is weak and lacks a connection to Physics.  My theory provides that connection and corrects the Copenhagen Interpretation of Wavefunctions.  It also debunks Einstein's GR and SR, L-CDM, Big Bang, Inflation, Space Stretching, and the Standard Model of Particle Physics - it explains Gravitation, Electromagnetism, Strong and Weak forces with just a single principle - The Quantum Lagrangian Principle or QLP.  Let's help people understand Physics as opposed to bedazzle them with the unexplained quantum mechanical description.
electrons you silly goose
Girl: "You spin my head right round, right round When you go down, when you go down down" Matt: "Okay, hold my belt"
I thought Pauli could only make good spaghetti while making people an offer they can't refuse.
You can do the belt trick by stepping over then stepping under it when you spinach it is connected to something.
Can you do a video of Wolfarm approach please?
Compliments for the clarity and precision of your explanation of Fermions and Boson, and the Pauli principle. Thank youi...
The idea that electrons would vanish or phase out if they occupied the same location, spin, and energy state is interesting to me. I guess this never actually happens, but what would? Would it release a ton of energy? Would they absorb a ton of energy? Would you get a singularity? Also what happens to electrons in a black hole that have been crushed down into a singularity?
That's amazing! I've just gone through a scientific initiation (undergrad research) in math, as a physics student, in which I studied differential forms and its applications, and the possible combinations of a pair of fermions seems like a wedge product of two 1-forms. Physics is simply amazing.
Jojo reference
So electrons stick to the Pauli principle, because they don't like nonsense?
Is it just me, or does that electron spin animation look like a depiction of a "360° whirlpool" ?
At 6:30 you talk about destructive interference of two photons out of phase. Does this break the law of conservation of energy? If not, where does the energy of the photons go?
For anyone who found this interesting, I highly, highly recommend checking out this lecture by prof. Leonard Susskind: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A7PZftS7uOA  From about 50 min onwards he talks a lot about what Matt has gone through here, including some slightly different examples. That video was one of the more mindblowing and satisfactory videos I've seen on QM.
I don't fall through the chair because chairs do not exist. =)
The risks are fine as long as the risk doesn’t involve black holes..
Matt, you made it so clear! I feel I finally understood that stuff. All my gratitude to you. :)
"anti-symmetric" has a similar problem as "circumscribe".  Words just want to be understood.
Every time you say that QM is weird, Deepak Chopra gets another acolyte. *Knock it off.*
Ok now that we know that electrons in same state would act as if they cancel out each other and as If they disappear... Although that is the thing which proves us that it is not possible to have them in same state, would it be possible to make that happen in a way that electron act as positron in that case to cancel out the other electron the other state such that the energy released during that case acts as a virtual particle and the whole thing gets released and forms new particles of that energy somewhere else... ???
Does the Pauli exclusion principle break down, the moment a star core collapses into a black hole?
People usually love their first born more it's ok to admit it :)  #astrophysicsforever  #Sayz
Please just make some lectures I will literally sit though hours of this if you actually go full in depth science
The Pauli exclusion principle applies to air and water but you still fall through them. Both the Pauli exclusion principle and electromagnetism are required to explain the normal force.
How about mass defect, when an atom loses a electron, it becomes heavier then? What is the mechanism behind this phenomenon?
Matt, there are problems understanding spin and rotation when you say that it's not spin and rotation in the classical sense. You also say that electrons are so small that they have no size. This is probably wrong. All things in the material universe probably have size but can't be measured because our measuring devices are too primitive. This is like saying atoms have no size but have different atomic radii. Uh. That means that they are different sizes. Electrons probably have size and some kind of physical motion. Because they are particles, that rotation is probably toroidal. I think that the computer art visualization of Jan-Henrik Andersen is getting very close to understanding all of this.
Ud be surprised but i can sorta fall through my "chair" right now
What happens with pauli exclusion principle during a star collapse into a black hole? Does it violate the statement that two electrons can't be in the same state?
finally we get to the pauli exclusion principle. The only other video that has ever seriously tried to explain this is Eugene Khutoryansky's.
If two electrons can't occupy the same quantum state, what is the force that pushes them apart when two electrons with the same properties come close to the same space?  In condensed matter I learned that there are potentials that result from the exclusion principle but if there is a potential which results in an expelling force, what is that force? What boson is the carrier of said force in terms of the standart model?
You spin me right round, baby right round like a fermion, baby giving structure to the universe as a result of your spin properties preventing two of you occupying the same space. If quantum mechanics contained more mid 80's pop music references I may have paid more attention in school.
A question in regards to Black Holes. What would happen if a change in the vacuum state passes through an area of space with a black hole. Would it dissolve the singularity?
atoms explaining atoms to other atoms
GRAVITY    IS          REALLY     A       PUSH     AND    HOT      A            PULL      TO      ZERO     TIME      ???
Everyone knows that you fall through your chair when you're a ghost.
At 3:03, there is some serious noise around Matt, I hope he's not undergoing a quantum decay
That ending revelation on Matt's preference for QM over astrophysics 😆 too good.
In a black hole, gravity is supposed to overcone the Pauli exclussion principle, or so we're being told. So, three questions: 1. How is this possible at all? 2. How does one calculate how much force it takes to break the exclussion principle? 3. Once it is violated, don't we end up with lots of particles that cancel each other out? How do they keep their mass?
Because of the asymmetric wavefunction the 360° spin of an electron comes out as negative. Does the 360° spin of a symmetric wavefunction turn out positive then?  PS: This sounds all messed up! I wish there were something like Spin Doctors that could help could help untangle the Two Princes (Fermions and Bosons). These forty or fifty quantum particles are so much in their quantum world that they don't even know what time it is! I personally don't believe that the current particle model is everything there is, but for now it's everything we think there has to be. You know... _You've Got to Believe in Something_ , right?
was that "How you don't fall through your chair" a reference/hommage to the latest VSauce video about "Do chairs exist?" :D
So you are saying that fermions are matter "carrying" things and bosons are energy-carrying things. So in a nuclear bomb, fermions are turning or phase-shifting into bosons and changing their spin? Would love to see an animation on that. Or are they just transferring their existence by one spin, so that the matter wave functions nullify each other (and Pauli principle) and at the same time energy wave function emerges? And is "the existence energy" also changing instantly, from being stationary matter and experiencing time, to light speed energy and not experiencing time? Mind blown.
If bosons like photons can permeate each other without interacting, how is it possible that two photon will generate a particle and its anti particle?
For a second I thought he called the particle anti-Semitic
This made me thinking. Does decay of the Higgs field in one of the previous episodes depend on the fact that Higgs field particle is in fact a boson?
I wonder what quantum physics would look like if we start all over and don't use any silly misleading terms for the features of fundamental particles.
Does this indicate that dark matter may be matter which has Fermions that have symmetric wave functions (rather than anti-symmetric as our matter)? Since we assume there are more than one type of matter (based on the 80% of "dark" matter we detect in the universe)  have there been any efforts to simulate other spin combinations to find stable "alternative" formulations of matter?   Thank you again for your videos.
You can't derive the spin-statistics theorem without relativity, because it isn't true in nonrelativistic quantum mechanics.
Engaging as ever Matt, you gotta love the world of physics and quantum spin.
I watched a video on this topic from a Spanish channel called IFT (institute for theoretical physics) which also explains spin and the Pauli exclusion principle very well. It all boils down to calculating the solutions to Psi squared. As we all know squared functions have two solutions, in this case a positive and a negative one. Following the math gives you particles with simmetric(bosons)and others with antisimmetric properties (fermions). The ones with antisimmetric properties result in psi-squared=0 if they occupy the same space, which means the probability of that happening is exactly zero, so it’s out of the realm of possibility, or forbidden. It was expressed in the video, I’m just writing it here to underline it, as Matt has explained so many cool things this simple idea might get lost, like water drops in a cool cascade illuminated with lasers and fireworks.  It’s amazing how logical consistency (expressed through maths in this case) can allow you to take a walk out of the experimentally confirmed cases, essentially talking about that which you do not know and still be right.
This video was really quite amazing. PBS has always been so much more satisfying than most edutainment channels because they don't shy away from the critical concepts through false analogies, however they've typically shy'ed away from the maths. That's probably for good reason; I don't think you should delve into the maths in every video, but more of this would definitely be appreciated by some of the more hard core fans, or at least myself.
I have a question. Does it meen that every electron in atom has a different energy level. Thx for help
How are electrons created ?
I was once married to a spinner. Good for one thing only.
Suddenly my chemistry lessons make more sense as to why you can only have two electrons in an orbital probability shell, one spin up and one spin down.
Haha the ending made me smile
But... do chairs exist?
Electrons are cool! 😎
Next episode: Matt explains electron spin again, but this time with jumper cables, because you didn't pay attention.
This show talks about everything theoretical as if its fact.
SEA Monkey,  to sea monkeys  However is the same Alexander The Great ,,  I'm closely to That Dinky Red Salamanders in the Swamps At Coastline on Bay of Bengal,  in West Bengal,  India.. east Harbour extends to the East From Diamond Harbour// Last State Frontiers//
My brain is officially fried🤪!!
Learning about spin in my undergrad course and then this video drops is like icing on the cake!
Wut
IF HE DOESN'T TALK ABOUT WOLFRAM HYPERGRAPH COMPUTATIONAL UNIVERSE MODELING I'M GOING TO UNSUBSCRIBE. I MEAN IT
What do the physicists call a spinner? A particle that doesn't spin.
I’m Lost, totally I’m un-subscribing
All this just happened due to Big Bang 🤯
So astrophysics and quantum physics are unable to occupy the same position in Matt's love of science at the same time!
Pant-retention tech  ...nice
After Matt called out someone for their donation level, I decided to check out how much some people are donating.  My mind truly boggles at the fact that there are people who watch a YouTube channel & can afford to donate more than 3x my entire monthly cable bill every month. 😱
because it's the same electron traveling back and forth in time XD
Excellent!!!
God I wish I'd had this when I was taking quantum. This is so intuitive when explained this way!!
I kept hearing “anti-semitic wave functions” and wondering how even the very particles themselves could account for the JQ.
But don’t the electrons in a neutron star gravitationally ‘fall’ to the same state? Or they do, and then just cancel each other and vanish
Interesting that the wavefunction equation came out looking like particular trig equations for additing and subtracting functions
Usually I can watch most SpaceTime episodes and kind of understand it, but this one, made it about a minute in before I was lost.
Hey Matt, I love the videos!! Just a question, did you go to Uni in Australia? If so which uni was it?
17:29 The talk about a hole (where the plucked neutron was) shifting, acting like it's own particle that moves (rises) to the top - reminds me of the "electron holes" and their movement in transistors.  As I (poorly) understand it.  I wonder if it is more than superficial similarity?
Wow
Dear Matt, why can’t electrons just vanish? Transform into energy perhaps?
During my early studies of astrophysics we learned the Pauli exclusion principle in both mathematical terms and as passages getting on a bus. They all occupy there own seats.
Finally, the math!
Why doesn't the Higgs Boson have spin?
This is an AMAZING explanation cheers big ears! It means for every action taken in the 3rd dimension there were 64 actions taken in the 9th dimension, like a 64 bit operating system.
How many years of schooling does it take to understand this video?
Matt: Electrons have spin but they dont actually rotate, and you have to turn it around twice to get it back to its starting position.  Me: Sure, that makes sense.
So bosons with waveforms that are out of phase can cancel each other out, but why can't fermions cancel out when forced into the same energy level? Why/how does the Pauli exclusion principle prevent that from happening?
Everything is spinning >@~@<
Is the Pauli Exclusion Principle still in effect at the center of a neutron star? Or does the extreme gravity at the core cause problems for fermions?
I'm not sure I understand it right, but I have a question.  Could the horizon point of singularities separate virtual particles into existence?
How's this antisymmetric thing work out in supersymmetry theory?
"So that's how you don't fall through your chair" ... okay I'm  wondering if taking this and adding "Cartoon physics" will explain why Kate Pryde does fall through her chair and walks through walls when she's phased. Now just to understand how her phase power can allow her to walk on air via "standing on air molecules".
I think this is one of the best videos yet. I’m loving this.
I was always told if my teacher starts to take off his belt , I should tell the headmaster and them.
Neat, your damaged spinal alignment is less damaged and your speech is improved as result. You, unfortunately, still breathe through your mouth so there is the constant excess strain on your nervous system.  I am glad for your improvement in health and oration, please continue to fix the error.
Can you check my understanding? What I heard was, "(1) two electrons with the same properties (spin/position/momentum) would cancel out, and (2) energy must be conserved, therefore electron degeneracy pressure exists."  If so, then I don't find that a satisfying causal explanation. If my model predicted, "two electrons with the same quantum properties would cancel out," I think I would conclude "either electrons don't always obey conservation of energy, or my model is wrong." I do not think I would conclude "my model predicts a force that prevents two electrons from having the same properties," unless my model gave a mechanism for that force to arise.
I got both excited and scared when he removed his belt
Anyone tried listening to this after taking 30mg of ambien???? Its freking tripping!!!!
Real question. Did he just stay with the pants down for 15 minutes?
Thank you so much Matt and PBS for this level of detail on this very technical concept!! Seriously, your visuals with the belt and spinor 3D graphics helped me to really understand the Pauli exclusion principle better than any of my graduate quantum professors or textbooks!   Please continue producing these more advanced level videos that link these concept visuals directly to their equations and mathematical objects. These types of videos really do help those of us who are (or were) students of physics! Also, as a follow-up topic for a future video, would you please explain Cooper pairs and superconductivity with similarly advanced treatment? Pretty please? (I do recognise that this level of detail may be too advanced for many viewers and that you run the risk of turning them off to your content as a result, which may hurt your revenue and motivation to produce similarly advanced videos in the future. But perhaps sprinkling a few videos like this throughout the season would be a healthy mix of both advanced and basic content.) Thanks again Matt!!
Nice. Understood this.
I wonder how well Matt understands all this stuff.
Schrodinger 😼 : Meow
My professor called on me to answer the equation. I "belted" out the answer.
This video explained very well spinors and their connection to geometry and physics: https://youtu.be/60z_hpEAtD8
learn how to read a teleprompter jfc
Yup SPINNERS I know a few
After Matt removed his belt we entered into a superposition of him having pants on or no pants
What about solid neutronium ? No electron spin there.
I'm trying to figure out how to connect a proton and a neutron together in some way and then trying to add in the electron yet it's how to get them to stick together... Personally I think the neutron may act as the material that rubs to create a static charge at that size yet its how to get it to connect to other's.
So how does electron spin make matter possible?
0:16 IT'S AWLAYS WEIRD
We observed the belt therefore pants must exist. Despite years of observable evidence to the contrary. Did I do the physics?
While photons cancel themselves out mathematically by being by half a wavelength out of phase, how does this translate in real life?  For example, what happens to the energy output of a laser with enough photons of sufficient energy to burn a hole through paper if you add another laser that is half a wavelength out of phase?  If the energy of the photon doesn't really disappear, then do they really cancel themselves out?  As a follow-up, if electrons can't cancel themselves out so therefore they obey the Pauli exclusion, then why does that not apply to the energy 'packet' of each individual photon?
If an electron gets excited and jumps up to higher energy level, does this equal to the 360 degrees of rotation? If so, then if this electron (while on excited state) gets excited again and jumps up to next energy level, would this mean that it's rotated 720 degrees? What would this mean in terms of quantum state compared to ground state? Is the electron able to relax directly to ground state in this case?
More like why I’m not falling through my bed
And I thought I wasn't falling through my chair right now because I wasn't sitting in it.  Quantum physics is so hard to understand.
Looks time pass dish prepared to get money …
What I imagine/picture for Spinors, when it comes to needing 720° of Rotation to get back to the starting orientation, or the swapping electron positions & a 360° rotation, both, giving a "-1", is to picture a Moebius Band/Strip:  Two times around, gets you back to the beginning; Once around, and you'll be on the opposite side of where you started; "Swapping Positions" is the same as just flipping (axially) to the otherside of the band.
What's stopping it from getting that same state? any kind of repulsive force like 2 same charge produce? or its like there's no seat left there
Again and again i see this reflected in Ac electronics, but at a quantum level... If you could harness an output for the positive spin factors( times where the overall sinewave was computed to be positive anyhow), while somehow using minimal efforts to confine the negative spin factors(same over simplification as above). Could that be how stern can stabilise anti-matter? And more importantly the way to formalize energy storage and/or harnessing energy from extra dimensional factors like radiation or the kinetic energy of muons. Making a relative relationship between thier physics and ours that allows some give and take mechanism...?
His belt. 🤣
12:55 Perhaps I missed it, but why can't we just destructively interfere/vanish electrons like photons?
Hard to take him seriously knowing he's imparting most of this information with his pants around his ankles
This one's really well written even for the already high quality level of this show. It could've easily been incomprehensible but it was somehow really clear.
Just thinking about all this spinning makes me dizzy.
Yes we all tell them we love them equally. That's the story we Tell and that's what we're sticking to. If you only had one birth and delivered  identical twins but later you developed a favorite...shhh.
Knowing this, how do neutrons become bosons? Can other fermions become bosoms?
So, seeing if I understand you correctly, spin ½ is the reason for the Pauli exclusion principle in part because if two fermions could occupy the same space, that would be out of phase and thereby cancel each other out... Is that a correct paraphrasation (is that a correct word?)? If so, is that then, why particles and their antiparticle counterparts annihilate? Two particles that because of their opposite charges are drawn to each, but because they're both spin ½, cancel out when they come into contact..? Am I off my rocker here, or have I stumbled up something?
I just feel like Quantum mechanics has far more implications for the "big questions" humans worry about most frequently. What is reality, is the inexorable flow of time real, f***ing magnets how do they work, you know, the big stuff. But, I guess, as above so below and all that.
Thank you sir, this is amazing.  By the way, for a moment, when you pointed down to your "belt", I thought your channel may be hacked and forced you to do naughty things.
ironically the next recommended video is "e DO NOT SPIN"
This man just risked getting his pants down for us to understand all these complicated concepts.That is commitment, folks.
Matter is weird. There's so many electrons in the universe and they should all be exactly the same... why are they all the same?
How does gravity overcome the Pauli exclusion principle for electrons in neutron stars?
I honestly can't express how happy I am that I found this channel who knows how long ago  Thank y'all for all the great educational content!
Somewhere out there there is an alternate universe in which fermions have integer spin and people share memes that say this is why we can’t have nice things…. Wait no they don’t.
My family has all our members put on skits every Christmas, and the holiday after my undergrad Quantum Mechanics class and I wrote a song about the Pauli Exclusion Principle to the tune of St. James Infirmary Blues.
No fear: math almost always makes the rest of it easier to understand.
Quantum weird, small but with huge impact!
I can't believe you managed to get this explanation to be understandable enough for me. Amazing!
"you can't just vanish electrons"  What if you could though? Might be a great idea for a sci fi book
1/2 of the Cohen Brothers ????
Beyond the awesome explanation using the belt trick, I'm doubly impressed that you ARE actually wearing pants while doing these videos!
This is great! Thank you for posting this!
What is meant by the state ‘no two fermions can occupy the same energy state’?  Are we saying that fermions across the universe are 1/2 spin, 3/2 spin, 207/2 spin, 5738479/2 spin?
U see, first you tell us a nice story about how matter can become something crazyly dense and almost in the limit of matter and particles. Then you come back with a plot-twist of how that is technically impossible, proving it. I mean, this season of space-time is too dense and anti-symmetric for me.
Do u think the James Webb Space Telescope will be able to see our super massive black hole?
The consequences of something so simple is so profound. So interesting!
What would happen if someone found a way to force 2 electrons into the same energy state? Would they both cancel each other out and release their mass as energy, similar to matter and antimatter?
If the Pauli Exclusion Principle precludes fermions from occupying the same quantum states, and a neutron star, at its core, contains fermions that occupy the lowest level quantum states possible (i.e. so they can't be further compacted), how is it possible for black holes to form? Wouldn't the Pauli Exclusion Principle ensure that fermions never get compacted enough to form a black hole?
Thank you
Italian subtitles please!!!!!
Ok, but math was used to explain, rather than an actual why. Just the two cancel each other out is not a great argument. Why do they not occupy the same state and cancel each other out? What prevents that from being our reality. The argument here is just that that's not our reality and that's why. It's not a good or sufficient argument.
I watch every PBS Space Time episode, and they're all great... But this episode is really particularly great
I think it's safe to say that my head was spinning after watching this video, lol.🤯
I’ve been waiting for you to cover this topic.   Thanks Matt!
You guys could totally make wicked documentaries or feature-length pieces.
To get some additional insight into spinors watch this video, near the end you see the 4Pi vs 2Pi math.  https://youtu.be/60z_hpEAtD8
One of your very best from the channels on YouTube. Thanks much, I loved this episode.
Well now I can finally stop being afraid of falling through my chair.
You explained this really well, but it would help my understanding to see a similar mathematical proof with bosons and symmetric wave functions to show why the Pauli Exclusion Principle doesn't apply to them.
You completely neglected to explain what grounded and excited mean.  I was following along just fine until you started using language that you didn't take the time to explain what it means.
I thoroughly enjoy this. Thank you.
I think I learned something new today. Thanks
Did you guys just delete my comment with all those questions about Psi(x1, x2) just because I recommended Ohanian's paper, "What is spin?" as a better explanation of spin than Matt's?
Will you talk about the possible existence of negative pressure inside black hole? I've just seen anton petrov's video about it
"Head!! Pants! NOW!!!"  (Sorry; not sorry...)
How is that black hole formation do not violate the Pauli exclusion principle?
the parallax on the slide transitions are amazing <3 thank you for making information like this fun and easier to understand
4:47 Matt flips off all of spacetime.
Could you swap two 360°spinners for 1 720° spinner?
*Ψ* _The Corps is Mother_  _The Corps is Father_
The Pauli Exclusion Principle acts a sort of force, in that it stiffens collections of fermions against passing through each other or all residing in the same place.  But that "force" appears to be only a rule set derived from a mathematical description, an (apparently correct) assumption that the Dirac Equation is true and spinors exist.  But as I try to push my neutral finger through a neutral table I attest that force feels strong and real.  How is this not a fifth force, since it is not derived from one of the four forces?
Some Questions:  1) So 1/2 spin means it takes 2 spins to return to original state? Presumably then a spin 2 particle returns to its starting state twice with a full rotation. You said that Higgs Bosons has a spin of 0. What then is the corresponding property for that? Is it just always in its initial rotational state?  2) You said that the Probability Amplitude is the square of the probability distribution. What does that actually mean? Usually I'd think of a "distribution" as some kind of formula while an amplitude is typically some kind of scalar. The "probability distribution" is usually talked about in vague terms so the details of how that's represented or understood is not something I understand very well.
20 bucks if you can get this into the public curriculum by 2025
Darkenergy is thought to be contiually created at every point in space, but is it necessarily completely uniform? If not, could a little variation in space(and or time) of the creation of DarkE act like a sort of pilot wave pushing on a photon deflecting it's path like we see in the doubleslit experiment? And is it even testable?
6:25 you cant just mention cancelling 2 photons and not answer what happens to the energy of those photons!
wait, are these slater determinants??? i took a class in computational chemistry and couldn’t make sense of those to save my life—so glad this resource is finally here 😭❤️
Your example is incorrect.  Two electrons will occupy the lowest energy level, one spin up, the other spin down.
I remember I stopped watching this channel because it gave me literal headaches. Just because it showed up in my recommended feed doesn't mean I'm going down that hole again.
Should be, “Our heads are spinoring”, not “spinning”.
I think i should of watched this video before that bottle of Merlot, ill rewatch tomorrow
Amazing what taxes can provide
I have a question: Can the concept of the spin of a particle in the context of the standard model be represented in the context of string theory?
I'll have to re-watch this video an integer number of times before my head stops spinning
Awesome video. Matt is on a roll. So glad this channel has (lately) been spending time on real physics rather than that conjecture crap that borders on sci fi. Bravo! Keep them coming.
The statistical accuracy of Schrodinger’s Wave Function, which underpins Quantum Mechanical Theory, is not evidence that this theory is a reflection of or related to reality or indeed what is actually going on in the microscopic and macroscopic domain. The direct coupling of these two is purely coincidental and more of a product of the neuroticism of the priests that deliver sermons from the mount in the fundamentalist religion referred to as Physics. The Physics community owes the world’s population an apology
The state of whether Matt has pants on, or pants off, shouldn't be unobservable.
question: what happens to the energy of two photons who are out of phase by, iirc 1/2 wavelength.  say i have two photons they intersect at an oblique angle, they should destructively interfere at their intersection points but then continue on like nothing happened, they arent destroyed just masked at a certain area, now suppose they are right on top of each other, every crest has a trough and vice versa, what happens to that energy? it cant be destroyed right? and if you had a light splitter could they separate again, as like before with the oblique angle the photons still exist...right, they are just masking each other or am i missing something?
Great presentation, but would be helpful to have used a white belt for the experiment, could not see a thing in the dark and had to repeat it with my own belt....it worked.
When you say that no two electrons can be in the same state, do you really mean that no two electrons anywhere in the universe can be in the same state? And, what defines the state of an electron? I assume it’s spin is part of the state. Is it ‘s location in any way part of its state? When you say that all electrons are identical, that sounds like saying the opposite that no two electrons can be in the same state. If they’re identical then that means their state is identical, in my mind. When you equated the joint wavefunction of both particles to the product of the individual wavefunctions, that reminds me of the way in which a probability distribution of two independent random variables is equal to the product of the distributions of each individual variable. Is this analogy precise, that is, since psi squared is a probability distribution, is the fact that you can multiply the individual wavefunctions to get the joint wavefunction a result of the fact(?) that the two particles do not share the same state, they have independent states, they are not entangled?
#thorium
Could someone please explain me why when calculating the probability distribution for Psi they take the absolute value of Psi if it's just going to get squared? Thank you so much and have a wonderful day!
'What do you think I was gonna say?"  uhhh......Chalk?
The bit of math that Matt did there reminded me of those challenge questions he used to give us (that I could never solve correctly).
You explain things so thoroughly and well. To anyone wanting to know the Pauli exclusion principle gets violated in neutron stars.
The plant millennium perioperaively rule because dog psychophysically dust lest a gullible gusty wish. madly, aquatic actress
so pauli exclusion principle works because if it didnt, it would break the conservation of energy?  nice
Is this a way to prove parallel universes are possible?
Dreadlocks
I’m not falling through my chair because I have figured out a way to fart constantly so forcefully it propels me upward at a balanced velocity with the weight of my body.
The ajar sing currently squeak because christmas canonically whisper notwithstanding a untidy garlic. psychotic, green grey grieving acoustic
Very interesting, thank you!  This makes me wonder what the collapse of a wave function really means between two particles. If the wave function goes to zero, as in the case that the Pauli exclusion principle deems impossible for two fermions, then that probability, psi squared, goes to zero. But a probability of zero Doesn't mean that event can't occur!!  Pick a countable number of numbers, the probability of picking those numbers in the real numbers is zero (haven't proven yet, just a hunch after the simple case). I bet that given any uncountable set of possible outcomes for these two particles, you can find a countable number of events where two fermions are in the same quantum state within a quantum system.   If the above holds up, there are countably many ( the order of the set of integers, so, a ton of )  points in our universe where the Pauli exclusion principle DOESNT Hold!
I tried the belt trick with two belts and now I have no belts.
12:56 You just spent twelve minutes and 56 seconds setting up the idea that you can just vanish electrons. Indeed, you said you could just vanish photons (even though it leaves us puzzled as to where the energy went. I guess energy isn't conserved with lasers any more?). Then you suddenly say “… but you can't just vanish electrons”. Why not, Matt? I think you're assuming your conclusion.
Rise your hand if you started twisting your belt (or any ribbon shaped thing next to you)... I used a PCI extension cable that was laying in my drawer!
oh finally!!! Thank you, this answers some questions i've always had nagging about lasers and spin phases
I wish I understood any of this. Watching quantum stuff makes me feel woefully ill-equipped. Still love the show.
So Si can't be Sighted
I'm sure the heart of every Dr.Matt stan skipped a beat when he undid his belt.  Not that he's my type or anything, but I respect good fanservice when I see it.
5:11 I think that distinct sense of unease may be due to your having just discarded your belt, Matt, more than the algebra of electrons. Actions, after all, have consequences.
12:03 cba Cant be arsed :D
So can the atoms lineup allowing me to spontaneously fall through the floor or not?
Beautiful and simply explained!
09:45- "anti-symmetric under particle interchange"
4:50 ah! important! good framing, thank you
So, basically, if rotate an electron through 360° spin, are you creating a mobius strip through time?🤔
If I'm understanding correctly. If all electrons are indistinguishable wouldn't Y(psi)=(A,B) be the exact same thing as Y(psi)=(B,A) or am I missing something?
"Quantum weird" - just curious, is there anything about quantum physics that isn't weird?
Around the end of the video i was getting disappointed that matt will not address the pants-falling-off joke but thankfully he created a great geeky joke out of if
I feel like I understand this, but if I needed to explain it I would have to use a lot of spinny hand motions and "so it's like _this_ but they can't be in the same energy level so they swap like _this_ which makes 'em go like _this_ and--"
It's a miracle that the universe even exists.
I'm lost yay only 7 mins in.
Let no one say Matt flies by the seat of his pants in these videos.
"We can't observe Psy" *Gangnam Style plays somewhere off in the distance*
I'm going to start using the phrase "bad, wrong results."
I'm gonna need a third summary before the math
Not a word, I didn't understand a single word
I wish i knew enough about group theory to understand this in terms of groups
So I'm wrong to explain to my kids regarding covalent chemical bonds that two electrons occupy a molecular orbital to form bond between two atoms because they have opposite spins such that magnetic attraction of those opposite spin paired electrons overcomes the charge repulsion between them?
Isn't this half-spin thing evidence for the existence of extra spacial dimensions?
Let me guess: Because of the Pauli Exclusion principle thus allowing orbitals and thus building atoms and thus molecules. YUP--correct.  This is, physically speaking, ordinary.
I would love to see you discuss the quantum mechanics of phosphorescence due to the spin-orbit coupling. You touched on some aspects of it in this video but I think it would be great to see one specifically about fluorescence and phosphorescence at the quantum level
So basically, this is why we can have nice things
The entire property of these spinners with the 720 degree rotation with the belt example... have a look into a specific field of mathematics that pertains to knots. This might shed some light towards how the belt lost its twist without changing its orientation.
"You can't just vanish electrons", but you can just vanish photons? What's the difference?
It took some years to get on my feet, but I started learning about wavefunctions formally this week.  Thank you, PBS Space Time, for being my informal learning--up until now and inevitably moving forward. The heuristic understanding of a broad range of physics topics you've given me has done more than aid my education; you've fostered and kept alive an interest I hope to take to graduate school research and beyond.  PBS Space Time is science communication at its finest.
Matt: "don't worry, it's just addition and subtraction"  Also Matt: *literally derives Slater determinants on-screen*
Matt, thanks to this video and that jerk Pauli I just had to endure 10 minutes of both my wife and daughter tickling me while cackling "I'm not actually touching you! I'm not touching you! It's physics!" So thanks for that.
we dont have the proper lense. we're not seeing it correctly.
When Matt warns of weirdness, …watch out!  Excellent session!  The Guy is definitely the second coming of Feynman! In inspiring and teaching!
15:30 Your heads are spinning, are they spin-integer or spin-half integer?
Hi Matt. I'm too stupid for your chanel but I find the content fascinating. Right up to the point where my brain starts to melt and I feel like I've had a stroke and lost the ability to understand English. Please can  you start another chanel whith the same content aimed at a mutch dummer target audience. 🙏  You could probably stretch the same content over 5 or more videos and I would watch them all. Thanks
“…but you can’t just vanish electrons,”  With you on all the maths, all good until there, why?  Is it that electrons are massive, conservation of energy, can’t destroy quantum information, all of the above?  Or is there more Dirac math further down that rabbit hole too. That could be a another wonderful edition, ‘of Space Time’.
thank you so much  savant to ever observe such obscure , then time taken to convey beyond patron itself
So, the Pauli Exclusion Principle is why we cannot run through walls. OK. https://youtu.be/zsHBoXfvh-8
Is this show finally gonna explain to me the quantum behavior behind Technetium 43s radioactive decay? Why is it unfavorable? Why are the elements 43 and 61 radioactive early? Why can't you build a stable nucleus with these number of protons? They both are prime numbers, does that have something to do with it? It just seems wacky, that element 43, before element 83-4, (the first element too big to be stable) is radioactive 40-41 places early, at less than half the size. The universe be wack bro.
Good video. That's probably the only thing I never understood about quantum mechanics.
03:04- my belt..weeel that escalaed quickly. btw i thoguht u were takign a break for liek a week of episodes..nice to see one again
Hey Matt! You mentioned that you can't have two electrons occupy the ground state because the combined wave function would sum up to be zero, which means no electrons, but electrons can't just disappear or cancel each other. Why not? Don't light do exactly this? It seems weird that electron don't behave in a certain way just because they should not. It feels like we discovered how these weird objects we call waves work, but then the universe just throw away one of the results we get from playing with them just because. Thanks Matt! :) Awesome video, as usual :)
Math - better without numbers.
Thank you for explaining the Pauli exclusion principle and quantum spin in a way I can sort of understand. The last few episodes have been awesome.
I did like and subscribe after this video. This was awesome.
I still think his accent is fake
Why do things feel different ?
This is one of those wonderfully absurd seeming results of quantum mechanics. The fermions can't be in the same quantum state because the probability equation that describes them would go to zero if they did.
Can that spin model (ribbons on the ball) be constructed with other spin amounts other than 1/2?
This answered at least 3 or 4 concepts that I didn't quite understand, thank you!
An entire video just to show off his cool belt.
12:50 I'm probably missing something, but why is it that you can't cancel out fermions?  Or is the proof just the fact that, if you were to try and put fermions in the same state, they would cancel out, leaving you with no fermions in any state?
Toys'R"Us... Ouch, still too soon :(
11:45 "We're choosing it because it works." Why can we have that choice in the first place?
I’m glad you were able to maintain the integrity of your pants 😂 I’m fascinated by the interaction of spin states and magnetic moments
While I feel pretty comfortable with the astrophysics and cosmology episodes even when I don’t get the math, these quantum episodes just wind up being as form of ASMR for me. And that’s okay :)
I'm not at all used to hearing the word "impossible" in physics videos!  We know from the double-slit experiment that photons can be out of phase and cancel each other out.  But electrons can't?  I understand that empirically, things don't fall through each other, so it must be impossible for electrons to occupy the same state.  But is there a rational reason, too?
Thanks Matt!
I feel like I'm in the right lecture but didn't do my homework.
„I‘m so exited And I can hide it“  -the electron
But what is spin?
I understand up to %10 of this but I still love watching it!
I never fully got (and still don‘t) the Pauli exclusion principle. What does it mean to be in the same quantum state? Won‘t two electrons always at least differ in position? Is it required to be in the same position to be in the same quantum state? I read that because of the Pauli exclusion principle the two electrons in an helium atom must have opposite spins. Are they considered to be in the same location then?
Ok, so the combined quantum state of two fermions can be calculated be taking a wedge product between their wavefunctions, and that explains their anti-symmetric property. But in Geometric Algebra the wedge product of two vectors gives a bivector which can be used to rotate vectors. So this antisymmetric property seems deeply tied with the concept of "spin".
So, some of this reminds of representations of the Lie group/Lie algebra SO(n)/so(n). Could anyone point me toward a text or source to where I can read more about the connection from those to the stuff in this video?
"You spin me right round baby right round"- Electrons, maybe
They rotate in SPINOR SPACE - not REAL SPACE. SU(2) = SO(3) in some respects.
If you say so.😳
'I love this show'                     --Gir the robot.                 :)
Why don’t we learn this stuff in school? Maaan I would’ve become a scientist instead.
Does this explain why Cooper pairs behave like bosons? (eg, they can pass through a superconductor without resistance) It would also be interesting to cover Bose Einstein condensates and explain why they can behave like a boson without collapsing into a single point.
When two photons cancel, where does the energy go? I feel like I know the answer (wave function cancels locally but not globally?) but I am not sure whether this is correct.
Wow I wish this video existed when I was taking quantum mechanics... Explains it way better than my prof ever did
Wait, how can you prove all electrons are the same as eachother?
their spin is how they complete the wave function in 3 dimensional space . so a 720 degree of rotation to return to the origin point. its an S-orbit laid flat its a full period sine wave.
Woah, there! You have said/depicted something at 13:04 that could be very misleading without proper explanation! You have depicted the states as 'ground' and 'excited', implying these are energy states. Good so far. You have depicted the electrons as blobs with no assigned spin, and I understand this was done to get your point across. BUT, the electrons do have some intrinsic spin (+1/2 or -1/2; alpha or beta, however you want to call it--in the lab frame with respect to some axis that would align or anti-align with a magnetic field).  What you have described (or implied) is the triplet state  (both electrons are "spin up"--parallel), in which the "spin" portion is the wave function is symmetric and the "spatial" portion of the wavefunction is antisymmetric (for a total antisymmetric wavefunction). In this case, everything you said is correct.  However, especially important in chemistry, is the single state (one electron spin up, the other spin down--antiparallel), in which the spin component of the wavefunction is antisymmetric and the spatial component symmetric.  In this case, two electrons CAN both be in the ground energy state, as long as they have opposite spins. Of course this is a distinct quantum state, as you said, but not a distinct energy state.  I just don't want anyone to be confused or walk away with the wrong impression.
Okay... this episode is just brilliant. 'nuff said.
When does the exclusion principle for the electron stop working? How much pressure is required to start a neutron star formation?
its a sine wave in three dimensions....
So what happens to sin I places like the core of a neutron star?
How did they get Peter Dinklage’s head on this normal body?
could we get the same result with two entangled electrons just like we are getting the result with two entangled photons in quantum eraser delayed choice ? as far as I know electrons orbit nothing and currently they are considered to be energy clouds around the nucleus
I am missing something here.  I though all electron states could hold two electrons as long as they had opposite spins.  Matt appears to always talk of a state only having a single electron.
Ohanian (Principles of QM), Cohen-Tannoudji (QM Vol.1&2), and Gross (Rel. QM & Field Theory) have nothing on you when it comes to the concise 30,000 foot view.  Love your program. This is one of the best episodes.
Wow, even though my brain really hurt by the time you were done...I actually understood what you were saying, I comprehended it for the most part. Quantum Physics has always struck me as nonsense because nothing seems to behave the way it does in "reality". In "reality" the laws of physics explain what we see. In the quantum world you need explanations just to understand the laws. At least that's how it seems to me. I could never pass any classes involving Quantum Physics. But the way you describe things I can kind of at least be in the same places as what you're describing, even if I don't fully comprehend any of it. Today, I actually comprehended most of it too! Total win! LOL  Thank you!
Indeed.Just as I thought and predicted,I didn't understand any of this.
5:10 LMAO
Sometimes, you gotta ask, what is the simplest experiment I could design, that would lead to a most terminological heavy, technically involved explanation/definition, and therefrom expose weak points of a modeling paradigm.     Maybe starting at phenomena, and working back, and not favoring a familiar term, paradigm, nor hypothesis. Ala Karl Friston would be more useful than attempting to postulate it all within a quantum framework. Start with a few more assumptions, Karl Friston is famous for saying "You are your own existence proof" referring to the idea that your existence is not something to be generated, but instead a given, that can be reverse-engineered with differing proof paradigms such as his Markov blanket, or other causal-foldings.
So... I have this friend, and this friend's favorite number is 12. Now they see that 12 divides evenly into 360 and 720 but doesn't think that has any real bearing on their question, they just wanted to meander before asking the dumb question of: If I rotated 12 quantum degrees, what would happen? Where would I be "phased"? More generally, why is it just 360*x and 720*x, where x is an integer that matter? LET ME SPIN 12 degrees!
So what happens as a neutron star collapses into a black hole and breaks through the Pauli exclusion principal?  What happens if you try really hard to squeeze those electrons into the same state? Do they start producing high energy particles?
Great stuff, but I really don't see how antisemitism is relevant in this context.
Whoa, whoa, hold on, didn't realize this was going to turn into PBS Space Time After Dark
So in some unimaginable extreme situation or environment which could somehow squash two electrons actually into the same position, theoretically could they annihilate? (But I'm assuming not even blackhole conditions are extreme enough to cause that.)
So electrons are fungible?
Up
why dont they just annihilate? like anti matter
I see the professor isn't a subscriber to the one electron universe theory.
That was the most academic D!@#$ joke I've ever heard.
Thank you so much for this video, I just covered the pauli exclusion principle in my chemistry class and was left confused and wanting to know more.
The most intuitive way to explain how or why a particle like a photon (or electron, etc) might behave as an uncertain location particle while also like a polarizable axial or helical wave ''packet'', given that everything in the universe from electrons to solar systems are in orbit with something else pulling them into polarizable axial or helical apparent waves depending on the orientation of their orbits as they travel thru space, and given that we know we’re in a sea of undetectable dark matter but don’t know where it’s disbursed, is that they’re in orbit with an undetectable dark matter particle pulling them into polarizable axial or helical apparent waves as they travel where the speed of their orbit determines the wavelength and the diameter is the amplitude which would explain the double slit, uncertainty, etc.  No?
I've never studied quantum physics, and only briefly covered the standard model for A-levels in 2007. I understood almost everything in this video on first pass; that's the sign of a really great teacher.   Your ability to explain these principles so simply is testament to your understanding. Thank you for sharing your knowledge and making understanding the quantum world so accessible.
My mobius strip needs 2 laps, 720 degrees, to return to the starting point.
I don't fall through my chair but my jaw drops listening to the vid
I remember reading about the bistromathics in Douglas Adams' works and how the mathematicians all started to have conferences in restaurants and observe the weird behaviour of numbers there. It's a typically Adams concept and I liked how he based an entire math concept on mathematicians overeating and getting downright obese figuring all this stuff out. It's just very funny and silly.   And then today I learned a famed, real life physicist base his theories of quantum spin on belt trics. Maybe this Adams guy was on to something.
At 4:40 I yelled out wow! 🤯
I've got a physics question, can you sing?
Spin of quantum particles was always a mystery. This is the best explanation so far. Good job.
A 720 degree rotation to revert to initial conditions puts me in mind of a Mobius strip with a half-twist. Is that a coincidence, or is it logic?
They always say the quantum spin isnt like a real spin, but then give a wonderful graphic example of the real spin that it could be. Though I have always wondered if the spin isnt really in 10 dimensions or some such so that when you measure it in three dimensions, you always get an up or down answer regardless of which 3d axis you measure on.
hope you get well soon
Lol I really want to start giving that as an answer. "Up to 10% or more"
The belt explanation is great
My dad has a different belt trick
Someone went bentless for some time so this video could be made
Who is Proteus?
Can an american make rhis video please?? Damm this accent !!
I love this guy. He is so smart. He imparts his knowledge in such a way as to make it easy to understand. He talks to us like we are beginners but leaves us understanding his lectures fully. It's almost as if he anticipates possible questions we may have mid lecture and adjusts his lecture accordingly.
I learned a lot from this one, including that "Shot-ted" is acceptable grammatically.  You just don't hear that usage in the States.
Hi Matt and the Space Time crew. Can you please do an episode (or at least make a statement) clarifying your position on  the TMT and other astronomy and space exploration infrastructure or experiments and how they should not be used as a part of colonization? I feel like politics effects people in the real world as much as physics or physics education. It is really just cowardly to not take a clear public stance for the rights of Indigenous people the world over. Certainly Space Time can do this, yes?
Using your own belt for the visual explanation was a rather cheeky and ballsy move
I've got a trick better than the belt for those who don't have one.  Hold your palm face up like you're holding something.  Now turn it, keeping palm up at all times so you don't drop the imaginary thing you're holding. You'll find you need to turn 720 degrees to get back to where you start.  I guess in this example, your arm acts like the belt.
My shirt just turned into a purple elephant. But don't worry, the rest of the universe also altered in such a way the elephant works exactly like a normal purple shirt.
Great episode, but I thought in the beginning that your weird item of clothing was the cross in your shirt and we'd all need to start praying!
I wish my dad used his belt to teach me about electron spin
Absolutely riveting. Didn't understand a word, but I couldn't stop listening.
I just did the belt trick, and my pants hit the ground state!
How did he know I was sitting in a chair? Genius
Matt Is part of the mathematics actually using some topographical formula ( or part there of) for 'twist' when working out these quantum behaviors, or is that just a good intuitive explanation? If so, one would think 'Twist' would be a better name and description of/for 'Spin'
Eugene Khutoryansky has a wonderfully visualized explanation of the Pauli Exclusion Principle on a 2-D membrane.
I'm contacting the ADL about this episode 😁
I have been grappeling with the Heisenberg Uncertainty for the past 8 years. No really.. Its got a life long condo in my brain. I don't (entirely) agree with this principle which is why i am trying to solve it. But my question is: What "Would" happen if we were ever able to reach 0 Kelvin?
As an experimental physicist, it should not be this interesting and exciting to watch videos with such a high level theory behind. Fortunately, you guys do an outstanding and inspiring job with your content making physics more exciting that it already is. Surely one of my favorite Youtube Channels, please keep it up!
Unrelated to the physics - the way you say psy with a really soft p makes it seem like you're trying to add deniability to weather you pronounce it the English way or the right way
So without spin everything would turn into a black hole?
Great talk. I love Matt's style .. so calm and clear ... best of all, he never screams "Hey, what's up guys!!!" At the start of a video.
I don't think him saying about non limited density of bosons actually makes absolute sense - pack enough and you can create fermions such as protons, neutrons, electrons, etc, can't you? (which would consume the bosons, for example photons?)
Great video as usual
The belt demonstration Pauli did is such a great example of what this channel is all about
We're here funding studies to discover quantum gravity and TOEs We *SHOULD* be funding studies on the mysteries of what's in Matt's pants.
I want to thank you and Space Time / PBS for this production and channel. I enjoy pretty much every video, and it’s the perfect level of introduction to quantum mechanics for me. ❤️ you’ve inspired a future
First time I “got” the Pauli exclusion principle!  Slightly sad my question about frame dragging creating tangles didn’t get an official answer ( see two videos back )
Another PBS Space Time video that I will not understand but I will love anyway
Matt says he’s got “mysteries” in his pants. If we were all to compare mysteries while allowing for relativistic effects while travelling at the speed of light, I’m pretty sure we would find out that Matt is moving the slowest, because he’s got the  L O N G E S T  mystery down there, narmsane? 😏😏😏😏😏😏😏😏
I'm so glad your pants didn't fall down Matt, that would've thrown the YouTube algorithm for a loop.
In what way do 2 electrons in the same energy level of 2 identical atoms not have the same energy level & quantum state? For that matter how do electrons on the same shell on a single atom also not have the same energy level? Brian cox said when he heated a crystal in his hands he caused electrons in distant stars to shift out of the levels they're in (or something like that). I don't get it.
There is a chance this episode could get weird, and I mean quantum weird. So……. all the weird.
Love it.  I would still flunk the final, but give the course an A+!
I wish this video was around back when I took quantum mechanics back in college. Awesome video.
Hey Matt, you look like you lost a lot of weight, are you ok?
Couldn't you upload this one year earlier when I started studying quantum physics?
Hey Matt - just to let you know that, despite your heroic efforts, I understood f(A) of this episode... Thanks for trying though!
17:40  you describe a bubble.  it makes a bubble.
ooo, he threw shade on your optics, bruh. seriously tho, how many meters is _your_ telescope again?
Commercials are so bad, I am unsubscribing. Unwatchable.
but...im going a Viking... so does it matter?
Now that was brilliant 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Thumbs down for commercials. Boo!!!!
Sorry, but I had to report this video for being anitsymmetric.
The statement first giving was actually something I kept having delusions of when coming off my medication, pregabalin and diazepam, for some reason these videos would trigger it and I think it was due to the space in the background causing some agoraphobic type attack where I felt as if I was about to at any moment fall through my chair, then the floor, the earth and so on into space forever, it's very fascinating that the one issue I seem to still have after years of not taking the medicine which seems to show up when I watch space time is being addressed in today's episode, an act of God?  I am very thankful to have this explained today.
Is Matt an elf in those comment replies?
Why can't electrons just disappear? Is there something in the math of quantum mechanics that forces that to be the case?
8:33 The unobservability of psi is critical to this whole explanation...  ...and so quantum anything remains forever inaccessible to 99.999999% of the world's population.  Try to convince a non-physics expert that something almost inexplicable relies upon something definitively unobservable.  Maybe in the future we'll be able to observe psi with more advanced technologies, but, until then, please be patient with people who stick with general relativity for anything practical in their day to day existence.
Question: How does the Pauli exclusion principle look like in the nucleus then? What is the state that cannot be shared by individual nucleons?
It's PBS Space Time: EVERY episode is weird.
without pauli , i guess the universe would just be full of black holes...  just black holes.
While it's pretty useful that they don't, *why* exactly can't electrons cancel out? And is that what anti-matter annihilation is, two particles cancelling each other out?
Why the math in this video feels familiar to class 11th?
I just learned that my particles outsmarted me until this video.
Nope, didn't get any of that.
And that's when the power of excluding the host's underwear from the screen really comes in handy for the explanation
TLDR: electrons can either be multiple particles indistinguishable from each other or one particle in all places at the same time. Either way the math works.
Sooo, are we close to hacking the simulation for infinite ice cream yet?
Matt: There's a chance this episode may get a little weird. Me: I couldn't possibly get any more confused than I already am.
Did he say Ellen degenerate is anti-symmetric?
He hath spawned, we are doomed.
Wonderful
Learning quantum mechanics in youtube is the most XXI. century thing i can think of.
There's one thing I've always struggled with and, for all my study, I've never heard an explanation for. The Pauli Exclusion Principle is no joke. As I understand it, it's only tangentially related to why I don't fall through my chair: it's really the electromagnetic force responsible for that; the Pauli Exclusion Principle is sort of a second-stage reason, and helps define the 'size' of the atoms, i.e. why they don't just shrink to their smallest possible size, as you said.  But in an exotic state of matter such as a white dwarf, or a neutron star, the Pauli Exclusion Principle is often described as literally what holds the stellar remnant up against further collapse, once fusion has ceased at the death of the star.  But what _is_ that force? Like any other force (pressure in a gas, for example, or the normal force between my butt and my chair), surely this must boil down to one of the fundamental forces, yes? The pressure in a gas ultimately distills into electromagnetic force (average movement rate and collision energy, with the collisions possible because of EM force). The same applies to my chair except that there, the EM force is responsible all the way down to the floor, right?)  But the Pauli Exclusion Principle is described as far, far stronger than this. Effectively infinitely strong, in fact, as overcoming it is never described as simple matter of forcing the electrons closer together. Rather, the electrons must 'escape' this force by _becoming neutrons_ (by combining with protons). Later, when the neutrons themselves are forced together and are prevented from growing any closer/denser by the Pauli Exclusion Principle (as composite fermions), they, too, don't just get squished closer together, but are effectively disintegrated to become a quark-gluon plasma.  Presumably at still-higher pressures, at some point the Pauli Exclusion Principle would again begin to prevent the further compression of the quarks together, but it seems like that's right at the boundary of the formation of an event horizon, so we don't truly know what happens next.  So... what _force_ does the Pauli Exclusion Principle act through? It can't be EM because it affects neutrons... or can it, because neutrons are still made up of fractionally charged quarks? Is it the Strong Nuclear Force? This should be far, _far_ too short-range to have any effect at all on electron orbitals. And the weak force, at the ranges we're talking about, is likewise far too weak. It's definitely not gravity...  So then, by process of elimination, I suppose it _must_ be electromagnetism. Only... in that case, if it's _the thing_ that stops all the enormous mass of a neutron star from finally collapsing into a black hole, doesn't that make it the _strongest_ force, basically tending toward infinity at the smallest scales? In which case, why doesn't it overwhelm the Strong force at sub-nuclear scales?  Basically, I'd love to see a really full explanation of this, that either addresses, or admits that we don't know the answer to, the following: Is the Pauli Exclusion Principle its own thing? If so, why don't we talk about it as a fundamental force? If not, then what is the fundamental force that is actually responsible for it? If it's EM, why is it so strong that, in the case of quark stars, after gravity has overcome _even the Strong force_ to dissolve neutrons into quark-gluon plasma, EM can still hold it back from collapse into a black hole (barely)? If it's the Strong Force, how does it act over such long ranges as to have any influence at all on electron orbitals and hence chemistry? Or, in such situations, is the neutron star or white dwarf already past the Electroweak energy scale, and so transitions electromagnetism into something far stronger in the deepest parts of a neutron star core?
YouTuber Parth G. also has a verrry good explainer on this that I'd recommend checking out.
Is it just me or is this really the first time I've noticed that there are moving star field moving in the background top right of the video.
Also at 13:00, why can’t you just vanish electrons?? You can vanish photons by forcing them to overlap destructively. Feels like the core of the argument is hidden in that sentence.
Quantum weird, the weirdest of weird
6:35 Can two photons REALLY cancel each other out??
Before I begin, I read the title and my 🧠 doing what it does 😱 at me!! Nothing would hold together! What a horrible mess that would be 🤦‍♂️ perish the 💭 👀 no seriously 😳 isn’t it just common sense that if electrons didn’t spin that matter wouldn’t form? 🤨
I love how Matt simplified math to feel like a child's play. He can teach a horse to drink water in a glass!
My entire response is: Huh...? 🤷‍♂️ I'm just going to go now - pick my nose and eat my boogers.
Quantum physics is a haven for those who do not understand. It first principle says "It is okay to not understand" while calculations work. Now I know why everybody trying to make quantum things from everything like "quantum medicine" with black something.
Spin me once so I see things your way.  Spin me twice and I'm the way I was before.
I think that made sense LMAO. Love these videos, but it's always a lesson in how limited by processing power is. That said, I enjoy the workout...I'm definitely burning calories.
Have you seen the Eugene Khutoryansky video on the Pauli Exclusion principle? It animated graphically explains it as a matter of probability. Very interesting!
You stated beta = -1 because that provides the desired anti symmetry, and immediately “proved” the anti symmetry by assuming beta = -1. 🤔🤔
What happens when you laze a plasma lol
How about answering the only meaningful questions....... Did Matt's pants stay up? If not, is this an example of physics laid bare?
Damn that was so interesting and we'll explained, thank you very much
I find it really weird that particles don't really spin but the spin does have angular momentum. And it's not just bookkeeping either. Making the electrons spin the other way (like with a magnet) actually makes an object rotate.
What I don't understand is how the exclusion principle can be overcome in a black hole.
What I love about this stuff is the knowledge I get from knowing that I didn't make a mistake trying to do this for a living.   :D
So you're saying that I don't fall through the floor because of the PEP in my step?
For a laymen like me, the whole argument seems to be based on the fact that "you can't just vanish electrons" (12:55). But I don't know about that.
My favourite Channel!
Yes but how is spin related to time travel?
Thought I heard anti-semitic the first time Matt said anti symmetric
So, is matter simply energy in order?
I'm guessing that cooper pairs in a semiconductor have something to do with the spin 1/2 nature of electrons?
For some reason I read that "how election spin makes matters impossible" ad was surprised to see Spacetime getting so political 😜
Can you explain, along the lines of analogies in the video, why in chemistry we can fit 2 electrons in the 1s orbital (and so on for higher orbitals)? I believe this is because one is "spin-up" and one is "spin-down" but given the video it sounded like you were explaining that you couldn't have 2 electrons both in the "ground state".
I like spinners. They're my fave kind of girl.
Can you provide more explanation to "we can't just vanish electrons"? Not that I disagree, just "we can't" may be more descriptive.
Thanks! Interesting!
I would love to see Space Time continue with the description of spinors. I'm very interested in the visualization of spinors. If electrons are excitations of these spinor fields in QFT, what is 'spinoring' geometrically? How could one visualize these fields?
Pauli Exclusion Principle? You mean like, "You won't see Pauli no more." from The Godfather?
Lots of hand-waving here, but without doing the actual math, it's unavoidable.
How does a collection of fermions behave like a boson such as with superfluid helium?
Hang on so what happens when two photons destructively interphere? There's nothing left? What's the difference with the fact that two electrons can't destructively interphere?
Real mystery is how Matt's pants didn't fall down.
I wish spacetime could upload daily
I think a lot of confusion around spin is the fact that people think it has to do with the physical property itself, when in reality spin describes a mathematical property which relates to the behavior of particles within a particular frame. Think of it as spin = math of particle, not movement of particle.
I'm probably not going to understand a word of this, yet I'll watch anyway.
Faaar… …
Oh, I see! If their wavefunctions are anti-symmetric, any configurations where two fermions occupy the same state have zero amplitude and therefore zero probability of measurement. Nice.
I have been wondering for a while whether the weird rotation symmetry or particularly orientation of it in fermions can be in any way related to the "direction"  (arrow, heh) of time?
Whooooa, nope, no body likes an antisemitic wave function, not a single bit.  =)  .... had to, I  literally *haaad* to, haha
Can you say whole speech again in English?
Could these weird spin properties being a result of the fields being in a higher dimension? An analogy would be the shadow of an object being a 2D representation of a 3D object that is in a higher dimension (3d).
Hey Matt! Could you speak more about the relation between topological equivalence and the wave function of fermions/bosons? If the belt system is a toy universe of two fermions then the belt is the exchange of photons. How ever the belt is a 3d manifold…how does this relate to the degrees of freedom of photon exchange?
Nothing is as it seems, nor is it otherwise. Thank you for showing my hidden interest in this crazy Universe.
Your nose suggest a c2h5oh habit going haywire
The video quality (graphically) is not up to normal standards...
Soooo  how do protons and electrons become neutron in neutron stars?  What happens when gravity smashes through the PEP?
Do the left and right electrons somehow affect the spin of an electron due to their weak hypercharge, as it also seems to have parity?
4 ads before video started 😑
The "I'm gonna show you..." at :the 02:25 mark should be followed by "why you will never understand physics and what I'm f'ing talking about."
@02:03 I am not sure how much nitpick this is but energy level degeneration is a thing. Or are degenerate energy levels split in fact by some value? Shouldn't up and down spin have the same energy level if you can observe only psi^2 and the sign gets "absoluted"?
6:26 I've always wondered, when two waves that carry energy cancel each other out, where does that energy go?  Edit: seems that fermions can't do it, but what about bosons like photons or mechanical waves?
Didn't you find similarity between the way electron moves by moving 720° similar to the shape of infinity? Is it just a coincidence or something  else?
Really appreciate you're hard work (and the team). Wanted to know more about this since the interview between Penrose and Weinstein chatting about the Spanish waiter wine trick (where you twist a glass 720 degrees).  Am I right in thinking we have no idea why they requite 720 degrees to come back to the same position? Just another convenient fluke of the universe we're in that is fundamental to it supporting life?
Does this mean that all electrons that occupy a 'sea of electrons' are in the same quantum spin state?
Matt is my hall pass.  I would just sip coffee and listen to him give his lectures.  Still, the belt removing kinda got me.  ☺
Electron's position can be best described as a probability density cloud and how does the quantum mechanics revolutionizes our understanding of the electron?
Spent entire episode waiting for the final shot in which we'd see Matt's pants around his ankles.  Very disappointed SMH.
Eh?
Why is the only non-integer symmetry we see 1/2? Why not 1/3 or 1/12?
"pant retention technology"
One of your best videos yet, and that's really saying something.
So deuterium with a spin of 1 is a boson?
Is spin a property or just a way to distinguish a fermion from a boson and if it is an important property how does it influence our understanding of different particle.
Is it just me, or are we gradually progressing in what year of physics Ph.D. program we're in? I usually do not feel overwhelmed quite this much.
21 Setembro > dia da árvore Proteja e plante árvores 🌱🌳🌴🌲 as árvores mantém a vida na Terra Sem árvores e  sem florestas a Terra não poderá manter condições de vida para muitas especies,  incluindo os humanos.
So wait, I've always heard the reason you don't fall through your chair is because of the electrostatic repulsion of the electrons themselves.  Is this the same thing explained a different way or is this the "correct" answer?
Proof by contradiction in QM where we do not allow nonsense? I think we just proven that QM doesn't exist.
How does the weak hypercharge affect the spin of an electron?
Does anyone know if when he says that electrons have a rotational degree of freedom that flips sign every 360 degrees, is that a separate rotation in addition to the phase of the wavefunction?  Like, is an electron with a perfectly defined momentum a sin wave in the same way as a photon, but with an additional independent spin, or is the sin wave that's defining the momentum itself just structured differently due to being a spinor?
Will we ever have   Mind over matter??
I didn't realise it was a new video until now when I saw the views I found it has just been released
I dont understand any of this. All i got is electrons cant vanish each other out but photons can. Is that right? If so, what happens to photons? I thought energy cant be dissapeared either. Just transforms.
who just tried the belt trick and then screwed it up and made themselves look like an idiot? lol
Curious on the possibility that electric and magnetic fields are emergent phenomenon of the interactions of quantum gravity.  This channel has stated that gravity is caused by time, so are the particle interactions actually interactions of time scaling? -time dilation orientations with angular momentum interactions creating distortions in the Higgs field(base frequency)  Where the EM fields are nature's way to normalize the distortion.
Excellent explanation as always Space Time Team
I got so confused watching this video, that I just turned 360 degrees and walked away
Tbph I'm a Tennessine based life-form, and this is always entertaining. Humans, despite being Carbon based and ever so breakable, always have so much knowledge that you just wouldn't expect. If any of us are going to flood this universe with life, it will undoubtedly be us, but I do have hope that you Humans will make it as well.
thank you for explaining 1^2=-1^2 and making it seem so amazing  lol
Pretty fascinating indeed! And it actually makes sense! (I mean because of the result of the sum being zero, because the rest is a bit too much for me. 😬)
"Before we get to my belt, let me remind you of spinners." why does everybody keep saying that to me?!
It's not the first tjme I've been confused about a spacetime episode, but this one kinda felt like all of the explanantion is circular reasoning.
Now I wonder about the spin of hyper-dimensional solids.
can we make a replicator with this?
Yeah but why? Why do particles even have to twist? And what are they twisting in? There's so much to this existence that we have yet to comprehend, I'm really hoping artificial intelligence is able to discover new things for us in the near future because it seems that are limitations of comprehension are being reached.  Something as simple as colors is beyond our comprehension, there are women out there with a 4th additional cone cell, there are mantis shrimp that have something like 12 or 16 cone cells, their color spectrum is beyond what we can comprehend with our three cone cells. Something we have to experience to truly understand, I feel like we're getting to that point of this universe.  We may just need some outside help too try and get us to really understand, because one day some form of machine intelligence will give us an answer and it won't make any sense to us at all, it would be like them saying 2+2=ab, what?  Another great video though!
this makes 0 sense to me 0_0 I'll be back!
The force the crushes matter into a black hole, is the same force that makes matter possible.
buckle your pants! buckle buckle your pants! pull up your socks and dance!
Does…… does Matt call his dong ‘Mysteries’?  Another great episode that I think I understood a tiny bit more than half of, keep them coming!
Matt you make Tuesdays so much better 🙏
Thank you for sharing your knowledge and brilliance with us. It's a privilege though because of my ignorance I can't say exactly how much!
Did my brain workout for today. Thank you. For real though, noone ever had been able to bring me closer to understanding the inner workings of quantum physics. Thank you so much for those explanations and visualizations.
This was a lot of words to say nothing more than "because we say so".  Yes, the math works this way, but that is a false argument, since the math was designed that way.  It is a circular definition.  <sigh> It seems that I shall have to continue to seek an actual explanation for the Pauli exclusion principle.
this episode makes my head spinor
It's like a USB drive. You have to turn it around twice to get it to fit.
Hot welding cold welding, depending on their surface, atmospheric conditions. there’s a pattern on particles behavior.
Question:  Did 10 seconds ago cease to exist?
Wait, so we _can_ have nice things?!
I'm not falling through my chair right now because I'm standing.  Checkmate, physics.
are there bloopers of the belt trick? :)
First one of these that I fully understood the first time, great explination!
Oke , waiting till your clothes , quantum tunnels to the  outside of the studio's.  Grtzz from the Netherlands Johny geerts
So, we can't have two electrons in the same state, for example, ground state, even if they have opposite spins?  If they have opposite spins in the same state, they would cancel each other out right? But here we study that one orbital can hold two electrons of opposite spin. I'm a little confused.
Me: Quantum physics are weird.  The Universe: Hold my belt!
Watching this stuff makes feel like the inquisitive 3 year old I used to be. I get excited for new information!!!!
Does time-dilation change the apparent spin of electrons? It would be interesting if it did.
Matt almost showed us the mystery of his intrinsic mass.
Interesting, rotating belt 720 then "untangling" gives me 360 rotated belt. What am I doing wrong?
Antisymmetric ;)
I'm glad someone pointed out the "up to 10% or more".  I knew what Matt meant, but it is not accurate.
I've been confused for years about Matts pant situation but that has finally been somewhat demystified in this episode.  This is obviously just a joke, great video that explained a lot about the universe. I got to thinking about the other particles with different spins then a half or one. Could that be how different fields are connected to one another, IE that some fields are dependent on some of the other fields because they are connected. Or maybe the answer is that some wave functions of one field is more connected to other fields because they resonate more closely with each other.
Yayyyyy weirdness \o/
You just blew my mind with that belt trick.
There is a circle around the ends of the belt so a circle is a circle no matter how you spin it.
You guys missed a massive opportunity to start selling and to reveal in this episode a line of spacetime merch boxer shorts.
could it be that Neutrinos are the reason why gravity is so weak? Neutrinos carry away a majority of an events gravitational energy so is that why gravity is weak? could there be some kind of undiscovered Neutrino that carries away that gravitational energy somewhere "else" that we have yet to discover?
Spin half is completely normal when attached to something, say your belt example or when turning a plate on the palm of your hand.
I have always thought that quantum physicists should have just come up with new words to describe things like "spin" rather than have to explain over and over that "no particles like electrons don't *actually* spin" Why did they do this?
0:09 Is Matt supporting the one-electron universe hypothesis? 🤔
Cant wait till the next Einstein... am I right? :)  edit : soo. are there any experiments done that disprove the possibility that elections and photons and dark matter are just the quantum dimension seeping through to our dimension?
In the final step of the proof, you assert that you "can't just vanish electrons", but that's glossed over--why can't you, exactly? If you had Majorana particles with spin 1/2--those that are their own antiparticle--would this vanishing act become possible, or is antiparticle annihilation a completely different thing?
Secret children confirmed 🔎
That was a lovely explanation, thank you very much
I'm not sinking through my couch, Mr. O'Dowd, because the microgravity of each atom and particle in the couch is generally keeping each atom/particle glued together.
Quantum mechanics is hard!
Thanks for the explanations. Even though your videos are sometimes hard to follow, this one was good.
On the molecular level, what happens to the mutant Kitty Pryde's atoms when she walks through walls? Voluntary cellular or atomic realignment? Okay, but what about her clothes? Could her mutation be shifting her body's molecular structure at will, realigning all molecular electron orbits to some sort of imaginary numerical interval, preserving the negative value that falls away when squaring? As for items in contact with the mutant, maybe this cassimere effect extends through all matter she's in contact with (clothing, items, or other beings)
2.4 million subs? Shouldn't  there be  7.8 billion?   Maybe need to do some collabs with toy unboxing channels 🧐
Chairs don't exist bro
Dope 💨😎
Comment to pacify the algorithm
I came here just to confirm that I’m still dumb
Election spin... ain't that the J6 Rally?
ok, come on now, i cant be the only one waiting for "boxers" and got belt instead  :)
Is your hair really purple?
Let's goo
I didn’t understand anything except for “weird” and “nice things”
Now my mind is bigger than ton 618.
Cue all the comments asking Matt got his belt buckle.
The missing piece I was searching for so long was an intuition of why spin rotation properties imply particules swaping introduces a minus sign. I have it now, I can die in peace x)
I am wondering if Matt dropped his pants when he took off his belt.
Now apply it to politics
I still remember a math lesson in middle school covering the precise mathematical meanings of common words like sum, product, factor, by, term, less, more, at least, at most, etc. In one of the problems assigned for homework, it asked us what was wrong with a store advertising a sale as "all items up to 20% off or more!"
This makes more sense than my quantum mechanics lectures in college lol I still did well in the class, but didn't really understand where the math came from.
If two fermions occupying the same level is equivalent to cancelling each other out, or vanishing them, as you put it, what exactly is happening when the outward "pressure" of the exclusion principle is overcome, as in a collapsing black-hole-to-be?  We know they don't just lose a ton of their mass and charge upon collapsing (or at least this seems absurd to be), so what is going on here?
you spin me
So in a universe with integer spin fermions the old "This is why we cant have nice things meme" would actually be true.
Sounds like a Cartesian product to me.
While watching this video, I almost fell through my chair!
Finally you give the coolest particle some respect! F### neutrinos
Karl Urban's younger brother is super smart
This is one brilliantly explained concept. One of your best videos yet in my humble opinion!
The fact? That I’m not on my chair rn, I’m on my bed. Checkmate!
Does any of this explain why USB plugs need to be turned 540° to return to the correct orientation?
Well without a belt, now wear a kilt instead.
is it possible for an electron to jump an even number of energy levels simultaneously, or is the speed limit for losing/gaining energy levels one per planck time unit? if it's possible for an electron to jump an even number of energy levels simultaneously, would that be a way around the Pauli exclusion principle?
I've been confused for years about what "half integer spin" meant, and here Matt clarifies it in a few words.
Man this is why I love space time
Yeah...it's always all about the spin...remember that kids
Ok, what am I missing here?  We can't shove two electrons in the same quantum state because they then would be out of phase, destructively interfere and cancel out and we can't "just vanish electrons".  But why can't we just "vanish electrons"?  Isn't that pretty much the same that happens when two photons are out of phase and adds up to zero and thus no photon?
Are there "good" wrong results for the photon?
Great work! My biotech mind is blowing out about what you physics guys are doing with the understand of the Universe!
Can an irrational spin exist? Like square root of 2.
If I only get this to my native language, I might get it. Now it sounds just something like: blablablablaaa, lapapabablapaa, electron. But I learnt electrons have belts and a cool party trick!
Do electrons get dizzy when they spin?
I studied philosophy of physics because once I got past sophmore year, the math required for a physics major just got hopelessly out of reach for me. But I still really wanted to learn the concepts in Quantum II to apply to my philosophy. I convinced the professor to let me audit the class, pass/fail and instead of the final, to write a philosophy paper about the subject matter.  I explored whether a helium nucleus was one boson or four fermions. Ultimately, I concluded that the correct answer depends on the perspective set based on the context of the question. If you are exploring the macroscopic behavior of liquid helium, it is a boson. Explaining it as 4 fermions is simply not a useful answer to the question being asked. It is an answer to a different, more fundamental question and therefore, simply the incorrect response.
Personality based propulsion. Here me out. We just need to make spaceships that identify with moving in a direction.
but does the chair exist?
So, is an electron a point-like object exists in a 3D+time coordinated universe?
This vaguely suggests that an anti-particle is just out of phase with a normal particle by a precise amount, such that they destructively interfere. Why would some particles and anti-particles release photons when they destructively interfere, where photons don't release energy when they destructively interfere? Or do they?
So how much energy is needed to push two electrons to be in the same state?
What music is playing at 8:00 and some bit after?
Quantum spin makes my head spin. But this episode clicked a lot better for me.
weird me up
Fantastic explanation! Thank you!
In this video series there is a direct relationship between the incomprehensibility of a topic and the amount of gesticulation that Matt does.
Ayyye two videos in a week lets goooo
So electrons can't destructively interfere, but photons can. Wouldn't destructively interfering photons violate conservation of energy somehow?
During the intro I thought this would turn into a strip show.
This is one of your best videos.
So, do antiphase electrons actually obey some 'force' that prevents them occupying the same location ?
360 -1 Spinor?
Brilliant presentation.  Thanks.
Spin matters.
Falling through a toilet you mean....
WOW! just WOW!
Physics is all that matters but math is all that counts.
Love this, the Pauli exclusion principle is assumed to be fundamental. I'd love to see more vids about the most fundamental principles
"Here's what I heard: Blah, blah, blah. Science, science, science, bigger. And bigger is better!"  Cloudy with the chance of meatballs.
Honestly I love this show and this guy.
When I can't remember my left from my right or clockwise from counter, do I suffer from spin indistinguishability? :)
Man, anyone remember when this channel required nothing but a keen intellect to be able to follow along?
Really love the episodes that shows some of the actual math behind the physics to show how it works.
I have a question about lasers interacting with fluorescent materials. Those require a certain energy from the incoming photon to cause the effect. As I understand this is not still achievable with a laser (below the activation limit) where there are 2 or more bosons in the same quantum state. Do they hit at the same time? Why doesn't the interaction happen?  Like, if you need 1 activation energy, and your photon has 0.9. Why won't a laser with 2 bosons in the same quantum state sum up to 1.8?
I used the Pauli Exclusion Principle in my metaphysics papers back in college. I used it to disprove the concept of "identical but numerically distinct." If two things are truly completely identical, then they cannot be well described with any distinction, they are inherently too entangled to make such a distinction. That causes many confusing problems in the philosophy of material composition (also called "mereology") to simply resolve themselves.
When you say its becouse "the Larkin mosh heisenbergs chips pricipel" have you thought about that not everyone knows what all fysicists came up with for 100 years ago. you know all the "people principles" so instead of saying john albert principel you explain what that principel are...just saying..not everyone is aware of what every man has done for fysics. Tnx
What if Rick lost portal gun what if someone else got a hold and stole it i shouldn't say if . Because with infinite ricks   he did lose them
I love the work you guys put into this show. And I feel like, by the time I'm 50 I'll have a good grasp of everything we think we know.  Could you possibly explain what is meant by bosonic matter. This statement feels like a contradiction. How can it be both? In real talk, I guess I'm trying to wrap my head around Bose/Einstein condensates. The more I try to look into it, the more circular language I find. And that doesn't help me intuit what I'm reading... 😖
Which video speaks about rotating the electron 720 degrees?
"nonoverlapability", I'm never going to forget that word.
Episode might get "quantum-weird"... I mean, isn't that what we're here for?
I've never watched one of the vids without hitting the like icon. I don't understand all the math but I still know enough to enjoy these vids. Thank You Guys.
Do you mean I am not falling through my chair right now isn't because I'm not on trip?
This makes me feel like I've accidentally sat in on the wrong lecture, but I'm now too interested to leave. Thanks for the mental stimulation.
Why is he always in quantum fluctuation?
The best thing I know is when I open my laptop and see PBS Space Time posted a video 5min ago! Thank you!
How about pushing direction elections through walls for propulsion    or to move mass . Making it easier on chemical rockets . Has anyone tried sending microwaves through walls  with conventional rockets
I thought I wasn't falling through my chair because I'm fly. That theory is out the window.
🖖
If all matter has mass and same charges repel . Why   do we need an undiscovered form of dark energy to make a warp drive . Or wormhole
Click like.
What traveling to the past. Is only as possible as time is moving for wards even portals are moving through time  . Maybe you use that kind of time travel for space travel  but  if you could match go backing time faster then flow of time . It would destroy the time continuim  after the point you stop .
Previous episode Electrons DO NOT Spin this episode How Electron Spin Makes Matter Possible...
The moment I read the title I knew that's an episode I wouldn't fully comprehend.
Any plans to cover the new black hole pressure discovery?
Fun fact, if you have the power to rearrange electrons, nuetrons and protons at will, you can change a sea into blood...
Y'know, it's more than just quantum spin that's confusing.... At least to me :(
I am falling through my chair though!
My entire Chem class just failed a test on quantum numbers 1hr before this was uploaded lmaooo
Spaaaaaaace
All electrons are not the same. Some spin up...some spin down.
"If you don't spin,  you don't matter." --Aggressive Electron
Jesus is the way the truth and the life. God sent his only begotten Son so that you can have everlasting life. Place your faith in Jesus. Trust Jesus. Jesus Christ. Jesus saves. Jesus conquers. Calvary Cross. The Blood. Salvation. Gospel. Repent    Have a good day
*Spins*
thank you for your service to the science community.
First comment!
