How tf did angel Hernandez ever get to the major leagues?
Sports officiating is cruelty wrapped in legality. Sports officials past and present are creeps simply for having or having had the job 🤬
Hernandez is proof sports is a conspiracy against humanity
Karma had BETTER catch up with him SOON, or you won’t see me down here for long I MEAN IT 🤬I also have extremely strict criteria. His blown calls and umpiring conduct MUST be involved, I HAVE to KNOW that, AND I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE LAW!
Players HAVE committed suicide because referees blew calls against them. Leagues need to accept their part in the matter, even if the call in question was, according to the rules, a judgement call. Those CAN and HAVE been INTENTIONALLY blown
This DEMON POSSESSED 🤮is testimony of why EVERY call should be reviewable and if that’s impossible sports NEVER had a right to exist
He doesn’t know what it means to not count his chickens before they hatch
Liars are bad people. Sports officials make a business out of lying. The greatest insult to humanity. Yes, they insult themselves through blown calls, along with everyone else who ever existed, do then, or ever will. If only this one got what he truly deserves shortly after the Steve McMichael incident
He WILL be judged one day by a being exempt from any other law after which HE WILL BURN
Even Christopher Reeve would agree with Harper here.
Steve McMichael’s WHOLE LIFE was a kick in the butt for him. Also threw THE Book
Here he just lied about Harper’s actions. Which begs the question: Was Harper paid by the affected statistic? If so THIS IS THEFT. ECONOMIC SABOTAGE. Which in this particular case anyone involved in our criminal justice system would automatically be condoning
His birth was basically a middle finger to the entire remainder of the human race present and future
Angel retired didnt he?
He’s proof there should be a law that allows sports official calls to be judicially reviewed, the human element be damned
You know it’s bad when Bryce Harper is the good guy in the video. Also, it goes to  show that Angel doesn’t need to be behind the plate to fuck up a game.
I agree, Harper didn’t swing (this time), but I have a hard time with this one. On one hand you have one of the most incompetent umpires in baseball history and on the other you have one of the biggest whiners in baseball.
He knew the real truth about every call he made and said the exact opposite simply because it was the exact opposite
Having him as an umpire made it seem like Major League Baseball had outlawed truth itself
He should be umping tee ball.
What can you say? It’s a subjective call.
It's actually amazing how similar the side by side of the 2 swings are. More so just how good and consistent these top level MLB players are.
Angel Hernandez being a major league ump is about as ridiculous as me being on a major league roster.  Neither of us belong there.
Crimes against humanity
years later and “you swung” “fuck you” still brings me to tears
Hernandez was a good umpire, he just had a problem making his dinner reservations too early.
"You're actually the one that's gonna see" - that killed me.
hernandez best quote.....I am Mexican, you can't fire me!!
Philly fans went absolutely nuts for this guy. He was MADE for Philly, and Philly was made for him! A match made in heaven! 🤣
when will players start accusing umps of having money on the game? thatd be my thought
Actually, Harper’s check swing was marginal. Probably not a swing but VERY close to it. I’ll bet that same swing would be called a strike by about 40% of umpires. I’ve seen much worse.
What’s WILD is he’s not even the worst one! 🤣
It took MLB WAY TOO LONG to get him retired.....
That 1st pitch WAS A STRIKE!
"I really miss Angel Hernandez"  is a phrase that no MLB fan will ever say
Wasn't expecting such a wholesome ending to this video
NO!
Good luck finding a worse check swing call.
00:32 this reminds me of austin schultz
Angel will keep his job because it’s a flex  by the union on how powerful they are that they can keep even the most unqualified guy on the job.
Your commentary is annoying.
Union has too much power.
My son and I were sitting third row next to the dugout.  The helmet toss lit the Bank UP.
Harper to spend more time living up to his hype and less time complaining about umpires.
Angel Hernandez is actually a good umpire. People pick on him for some weird reason
Maury Povich’s umpire doppelgänger  lol
No that's b.s. that is not a swing
Bryce is SO GOOD. i love that intensity!!!! WHOO HE WAS MAD!!! and 2:25 cracks me up when the players and coaches looked up at the helmet flying into the stands. Bryce's passion and intensity is just so awesome. And he turned it into a positive fan experience by throwing his helmet into the crowd. Lucky kid!!
It's appalling it took MLB so long to get rid of this guy.
Full disclosure, I am from Philly and a Phillies fan. Early on in his career, I didn’t like Bryce Harper as a person. When he signed with Philly, I wasn’t thrilled about it. But over the past few years, I think that he is still edgy, but his edginess has matured. He is still not afraid to stand up for himself, but I think he does it in a better way than he used to… Not to mention, I don’t mind at all when someone argued with Hernandez, no matter how they did it… but even though this video is about Angel Hernandez, my comment is more related to Bryce Harper. But, more related to Hernandez, I don’t think I’ve ever seen a disagreement between Angel and a player, manager, coach, etc… where I was on Angel’s side… I could be wrong, but you all know what I mean.
The swing on the right broke the plate good call
8 months later and Angel is "retired"
The man has truly damaged baseball.
So after what 32 years of bad umping, kid getting helmet is 1 of a handful of good things that came of it? Sad. Good riddance!
Can we get a retroactive Breakdown of the Time Angel and Mongo McMicheal got into it??? 😆
Looks like hell be hand picked for a Trump trial
He did not get close to the plate angel makes the worst call over and over
This was your idea Jom lol
This umpire is ridiculous why hasn’t he been fired by now? He always seems to make one of his famously stupid calls at the most crucial points in the game that completely impacts the outcome of the game! The league needs to fire him immediately!
DING DONG THE WITCH IS DEAD!
I recall one of Jomboy Media's previous videos on the subject of Angel Hernandez, and Jimmy O'brien thought it would be a good idea to just stick him at 3rd base since there's not much action there....  LOL!  Care to revise, Jimmy?
Back here on Angel Hernandez Retirement Day! Who else is celebrating
No more of this... you'll see
came back here for Angel's retirement ceremony...time to roll that pack up then lite it.
He's officially gone! Good riddance!!
Who’s here now that Angel has retired? 🎉🎉🎉
He screwed people on a ton of bets. What a loser umpire
Angel Hernandez will go down as the worst umpire in baseball. I’m surprised they didn’t get rid of him years ago.
The video on Kyle Shwarber´s meltdown Jomboy said to send ANgel to 3er base hahaha this is what we got after that
Bye Bye Angel,MLB won’t miss Ya Bud✌️
So sad to see Angel is retiring. Umpires are going to have to work so much harder now that they don't have his indescribably low bar to match. Worst ump ever, as proven by countless video evidence.
Who’s here after Angel Hernandez retired
He’s retiring!
Heaven is getting another Angel
NOW WHO HAPPY OF THIS GUY RETIRES NOW? HARPER HAPPY NOW
Who's here on Angel Hernandez Retirement Day? 😆
I'm gonna miss these, but good riddance to trash
Thank God he’s retiring this week
He’s retired!!!
With the overwhelming percentage of players, managers & fans who thonk alike & think Angel is the absolute worst umpire ever, how is he still permitted to continue ? The union that's protecting him is actually the worst offender by not suggesting he gets better at his job or they won't be able to protect him any longer. I've been in a union for decades & if you continue to perform at your job poorly, or any other repeated infractions, the union can only do so much if a person isn't willing to change. Angel has a huge ego & part of that ego is his desire to get some of the fame & glory the players get. He needs to retire or be fired
I truly believe Angel cannot actually see that well
you’re actually the one that’s gunna see!
Whenever stuff like this happens my mind immediately goes to what if a guy took his kids to the game and it was the only time they can all year because its so expensive. If a father takes a couple of his kids to the game, you’re not getting home without dropping minimum $250 including gas, parking, tickets, concessions, etc. And the biggest star on the field and arguably in the sport (not a Phillies fan but its true) is thrown out after yet another awful call by an umpire everyone hates And MLB for whatever reason refuses to demote/punish.    As an aside, at what point can a class action lawsuit be brought against MLB for this?
Angel says "You'll see" ... but when the footage clearly shows Angel was in the wrong,... does HE see?  Of course not.  Umpires have immunity or something.
WHO ELSE BUT QUAGMIRE
That fool is still an umpire?
I cant stand Harper, but even he's correct in this one.
Angel Hernandez play review record  Overturn calls = 1,000 Play stands = 1
I’m confused why he called it a swing he has a better view than the people watching the game at home where we are behind the pitchers mound and everyone can tell that he didn’t swing if angel has a job as an umpire I think I can do it better than him
demon hernandez
At least their is one bright spot in this; little guy got a killbad AUTHENTIC helmet from Bryce...
Angel is the DEI hire. All fun and games until guys like him are at Boeing making the plane you're crashing in. oh ,wait....!
i know everyone in the whole world probably heard of angel hernandez by now and everyone wants him to retire because he's a horrible umpire but we need hernandez to stay in the mlb so that jomboy can keep doing breakdowns on him lol
0:59 he be standing on business ngl 😂
Angel couldn't ump little league.
Is there a way both these idiots can get lifetime bans? Hernandez for incompetence and Harper because I dislike him with the white-hot intensity of a thousand suns?
They should make up an umpire position in the crowd that only angel can do and no one else .
MLB is an embarrassment for putting up with this guy
Teams need to sign an average joe just to start laying out trash umps 🤣
Angel Hernandez is just a horrible umpire.  No way around it.  He really should quit, for the benefit of the league.
Ah, two people I can't stand - Angel Hernandez and Bryce Harper.  It must be my birthday.
Damn, the only way I could tell the difference between those two swings was the ump's hands and the kid in the back looking another way. No wonder Bryce was furious.
The kid is the only person there who likes Angel
Angel is gaining SO much publicity and social media attention for the MLB.  Memes, comments, TikTok’s, you name it.  Does he suck?  Absolutely.  Is he probably the worst umpire to ever work in the majors?  Yup!  But the more he’s talked and posted about, the more reason the MLB has to keep him around.  We’re playing right into his hands.  The more he sucks, the more job security he has because he’s getting attention on the league.  If we want the MLB to fire him, people need to STOP talking about him and forget he even exists.  When that publicity goes away, he’s useless to the MLB and just another shitty ump.  The GOOD umpires are the ones we don’t know by name
Harper saw Schwarber get his Angel screaming session in and decided he wanted in on the fun.
How much longer do fans have to put up with his incompetence.
It’s not just his knack for making ridiculously bad calls, it’s how quick he is to toss someone for arguing sed terrible call. The guy craves attention and authority, plain and simple.
Just another reason I love Bryce
I should of been raised to be an an umpire as it's the most safest and secure job in the world no matter how TERRIBLE you are at it!smh
This kinda blows the idea to just allow him to umpire 3rd base!
Look, we all make mistakes, but how the fuck is angel hernandez employed
I have a friend who was a relief pitcher in Pittsburgh’s pen during this game. Spoke to him afterwards. 100% on Harper’s side. Just a reminder that Angel is the worst.
Hernandez: "You swung." Harper: "FUCK YOU!!!"  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Imagine if umps and players could put on big soft gloves and throw punches like a safer hockey fight lol get their anger out
I get angel sucks as an ump, but damn! Does Bryce Harper ever quit crying and complaining? Ever?
I'm as good a neurosurgeon as Hernandez is as a MLB ump.
I'm surprised a retired player hasn't beat the fuck out of AH yet.
Harper spoke for EVERYONE
Need to can that guy. It makes zero sense that somebody so bad just gets to keep being bad. Idgaf what the union says get him tf out of the MLB.
It's a close call in slomo.  Geeze people move on from your Hernandez obsession
Teams should refuse to play if angel is umping their game.
Hernandez is without a doubt the worst ump in MLB. Why he is still umpiring beats me. But the easy way to decide if a checked swing is good or bad, just stop all check swings.  The MLB rule book doesn’t provide an explicit definition of a checked swing, it defines a swing as “an attempt to strike at the ball.” Just make it a rule that if the batter starts an attempt to swing then stops, he is charged with a strike. Period.
I love Bryce he such a gamer so happy he’s in Philly. Hopefully he wins us a World Series.
I was with the batter until I realized it was Bryce Harper
I saw a clip of him the other day and he shut his eyes as a pitch was crossing home plate.
I'm shocked no one has, in their calling out of Angel on the field, "how does it feel knowing you're so bad that even US courts know it?" Like have the whole stadium reminded that he's so bad that testimony in a federal lawsuit from his own employer says he's just really fucking bad at his job.
Angel puts butts in the seats. He's more entertaining than anything happening in the sport.
Dude, that was a terrible call. Harper had every right to be pissed
Angel should be impeached  with Biden & Newsome
How can this guy maintain his status in MLB as an umpire. He stinks . I’d MLB afraid he’s going bring another lawsuit against them ???
Harper better watch out...Angel will sue him too.
That’s a lot of swearing for a Mormon. He can expect a call from his bishop. 😂
MLB keeps Angel around to help fix games. It's the only logical reason he's still a major league umpire.
The fact you can’t fire someone for continuously being bad just blows my mind.
Does Angel have dementia?  Serious question.
Angel Hernandez is so bad that people who don’t follow baseball know who he is, and how much he sucks at his job… that’s not something you want lingering over baseball’s overall reputation to the public.
People keep paying MLB so they ain't changing anything.  Their unions will prevail.  Continually ruining the game.
This tells you all you need to know about why inioms are bad for EVERYBODY  Except non-performing SLACKERS they protect.
How many videos of this guy screwing up do we have to watch. For the sake of the game and your own self respect retire already!! People need to know when it’s time to hang it up!! Better to retire than be embarrassed by being FIRED!!
Is it weird that despite how bad he is, I can’t wait for him to call my team’s next game? 😂
More like Devil Hernandez
Angel deff gets pegged at home …..
Worst umpire in MLB. No contest.
Ha ha big baby 😅
Love Jomboy's optimistic, "The kid is happy".
Lazy umpire .  Looks half asleep.    99 out of 100 the batter gets a no swing call on that.
How does this guy even have a job still?
Just taking a moment to remind Jomboy that he was the one who suggested putting Angel on 3rd because he couldnt screw up as bad.
I wonder if Angel starts laughing when he gets in the car because he's a rage troll. He's pisses everyone off to get lots of attention, and views. If I were him, I'd be friggin embarrassed when I reviewed the calls and saw how terrible I was. Of course, that's the difference with Angel, he doesn't care.
At this point I think Angel actually relishes in this stuff. I think he has picked up on all of this and he plays it up even worse just to get in people's shit. Oh by the way, this JomBoy and this host, do the best breakdowns I've ever seen in my life. There must be some kind of 10 year or contract agreement that there's no way Hernandez can be fired or anything. He would literally have to do something totally off the rails off of the field, for him to get fired from being an ump or demoted, or just made to retire so to speak. He must have some kind of a deal after so many years that there's no way to fire him just because he makes so many bad calls
I think it's more sad how all you sheep can do is complain about it...shows how powerless "we the people" truly are
It’s easy to say he is the worst umpire of all time. Sadly, there are quite a few candidates for that job.
This ump has been the worst for years … 😮
Imagine being this bad at your job and still being able to keep it
you swung
Last time an official was this bad in a sport, the NBA found out about refs gambling. Stevie Wonder could make better calls.
Home plate ump: points to third  *realizes it’s Angel Hernandez: 😬
and to know that he used the race card in a lawsuit against the MLB
Harper is one of my favorite players
The narrator of this is as bad as angel..
Place in thew outfield calling 'popcorn' venders ...Too Much Butter , you "R" out of here .. worst goddam umpire in the league , and there are some really poor ones getting paid ..
but hey...gotta love the 'human error' aspect of baseball...what a beautiful game 🙄
Angel loves it. I reall y think he enjoys getting under their skin and craves the attention. There is no way he can be so consistently inconsistent in his horrible calls.
I hate Bryce Harper but I'd take him over Angel any day of the week. WORST UMPIRE EVER!
this aged like a fine wine
A live show of Angel Hernandez getting ejected from a game or fired in front of all the fans will actually be better than a world series.
I think Hernandez makes these calls just to stay relevant.
Get in the union and you can suck it’s where you can steal and cheat call in sick no show and the union will protect you ❤angel
It's amazing that intelligent people still think pro sports are legit.  The real reason human umps/refs won't ever be taken out is because with AI umping/reffing it would be almost impossible to shave points/runs etc.  There is way too much money in sports and sports betting to just let it play out naturally.
I hate Angel as much as anybody, but the bat clearly was out over the plate and in a position to make contact with the ball. SWING! Harper should have been suspended for a couple games for what he did afterwards.
Angel is bad. I know umpiring is difficult but you have to do a better job.
I think Angel Hernandez just wants to get the game over with. Everything he does that’s wrong involves moving the game along to its conclusion. He’s a piece of shit and a bad umpire. The rules about check swings are too strict to begin with and that’s partly why batting averages are down so much.
Wherever he’s at he has to fck up the game
I’m amazed that someone somewhere hasn’t snapped and made physical contact with Hernandez.  He’s both terrible at his job AND smug and arrogant to boot.
The diversity hire of the MLB
Anyone consider he’s getting paid on the side to make these horrible calls?
Is it just me or does, "You'll see" seem like a threat, implying Hernia is doing it on purpose and plans to continue doing so?
Great conclusion.
He wasn't watching. I was at this game, angel had something on his shoe
So Bryce is ejected and fined for his response to the bad call, what exactly is Hernandez's punishment for being terrible at umpiring and getting a call so wrong and then throwing out the star player that was 100% right about the bad call? Maybe it's time MLB fined Hernandez every time he gets a call wrong and then triple the fine every time he throws out a player that was right. I would love to see fans take this up and start boycotting any game that Hernandez is scheduled to ump. Imagine if no fans showed up to every game Hernandez was on the field for
Managers, of both teams, need to refuse to let their players leave the dugout at the beginning of the game (enough to affect television airing - which will cost $$$ for the network) if he is behind the plate or at first base.  Every player (batter and pitcher) needs to argue balls and strikes and get thrown out of the game.  When 40 or so players start getting thrown out of the game every time he umps, things will change. Fans need to throw beer bottles at him if he approaches home plate.  You can't throw ALL the fans out of the stadium.  Catchers need to let a 104 mph fastball "pass" into his chest or head, Oops.  Repeat. Repeat. Be like Gov. Abbott of TEXAS and think outside the box.  If enough money WALKS, so will the ump.
Angel Hernandez after watching the replay of the check swing after the game: “See, I told you that you were going to see.”
MLB meeting EEO obligations by keeping the blind employed
I cant watch MLB NFL NBA and NHL not far behind Ori Spirts is anything BUT Spirtsmanship😊
By far the worst umpire in the game. If he wasn’t Mexican, he would not have a job.
cut the cursing,   Ive got kids watching!
Angel is the worst! But it was awesome seeing the kid get the helmet.
I hated that congress got involved in the steroid scandal but I’d understand if they held a congressional on just how awful of an umpire Angel is.
Imagine being as incompetent and arrogant at your job as Hernandez...and still have a job.
If they can't fire him, why not ship him   off to ump in Single A
"Just let him ump 3rd base" you said.  " he knows the rules" you said.
He’s not saying “you’ll see” because he thinks he’s gonna see that he swung on replay. He’s saying “you’ll see what happens when you show me up, literally going to call you out every chance I get for the rest of my career.”  That’s how Angel rolls.
And this is why unions need to go away.
Hernandez is NOT entertaining.  He's terrible.
For how much he has costed players, I'm surprised players haven't sued MLB. Evil cops may have immunity, but not their department. MLB is a department.
I just hope if I'm ever as bad at my job as Angel I get to keep my job.
Can't they just employ 1-2 umpires, have them watch the close up cameras, and make the actual calls? Wouldn't that be more productive and just as fast?
thats the problem with ALL unions      Unions don't hire the best    instead they hire the good old boys or relatives
Angel Hernandez after watching the replay: “See, I told you I made the right call.”
Was Angel always this bad? I mean, all the teams he has screwed with bad calls throughout the years, he really needs to get his eyes checked.
Jimmy’s delivery of Angel Hernandez’s “You swung” response literally had me laughing so hard I was in tears. This is easily one of the all-time best Jomboy breakdown videos.
Same shit different day with Hernandez!
I was at this game...the reason he took the abuse was because he was still totally guessing
Angle is like herpes. He never goes away.
His entire career has been the trial and he’s failed at every test
Hernandez is corrupt, and much of what he does is intentional.
The day that stupid ump retires will be a great day for Baseball.
How the F is a guy 90 feet away supposed to make that call.  Also…the ump should stand up for himself and not just take it.  Dumb sport…
MLB needs to grow a pair and finally get rid of Hernandez. He’s got to be the worst umpire of all time.
Send him back to AAA and see if he really still belongs in the show. His score/report card will tell the tale.
The reason why he stands there like a statue is that he's so used to being called an a******
when do you get fired finally for this crap, do they keep him just for the entertainment
I actually don’t even watch baseball, but I find Jomboys breakdowns very entertaining. Whenever I overhear someone talking about baseball I can’t even think about any current players’ names, the only name that pops into my head is Angel Hernandez and how my YouTube history is absolutely littered with evidence of how bad his decisions are, he really is the true definition of living in infamy 😂
This just really makes a better case for an expanded umpire review system in the MLB. TV replays are already making traditional umpire calls easier to shit on, so why not just implement more reviews? Maybe if an ump gets successfully reviewed too many times (let’s say 20 in a month) he has to go through compulsory retraining. I dunno. Just seems dumb that with the amount of tech and camera systems that are analysing every at bat, there’s nothing that can be used to overturn a bad call.   Not a marginal call, mind you. I’m talking a BAD call.
This is what happens when the worst umpire in the game fucks up while the most hotheaded player in baseball is at bat.  Pretty predictable.
The fact that they fired him and the union was able to prevent that is INSANE
Those check swings are indentical lmaoo, Angel Hernandez is so bad and has been for many years
Well this is another Angel Hernandez episode !
Demon Hernandez knew he was wrong by the look on his face.
Would he lose his job if he took responsibility for how bad he is or is it just an ego thing?
It's nice to see Angel Hernandez doesn't have to be behind the plate to blow calls.
When they tried to discipline Hernandez he sued MLB for racism.
I’m from India  We have no baseball in the whole continent except Japan and Korea I guess I’ve never watched a game of baseball in my life  Even I know how bad Angel is, MLB seriously gotta reconsider
Joe West, Eric Gregg, and Angel Hernandez. No use for any of those three.
Angel Hernandez is the worst umpire to ever call balls and strikes. But the worst call ever was made by Jim Joyce in 2010 when he ruined Gallaraga’s perfect game.
Angel Hernandez is seriously the worst umpire I've ever seen. How he's still employed, I'll never know. Like is he blind? And then he doubles down on his own bullshit.
The barrel of the bat came really close….hard to call on real speed…. Take the call and sit down….
Angel Hernandez, always looking for ways to make the kids happy
Wow
Easily THE worst umpire in MLB history and that's saying something.  The union won't let him go, regardless of how bad he makes them look or how many games he throws.  It's embarrassing for not only the other umps but for MLB as a whole.  Good job umpires union!!
Angel is the best example of the worst umpire ever and it unfortunately makes folks hate unions.
That's not a swing ever ever.
Bryce harpers mechanics in this are beautiful. When you compared the two swings I almost thought you accidentally put the same clip in there. But no, just a beautiful swing he’s got
You’ll see
It would be easier if they offered him a huge severance package to just go away.
Do a dbacks break down
Kid got that helmet autographed too
Seeing Bryce Harper get mad is the funniest thing. It makes it more funny that it includes Angel Hernandez.
Baseball still trying to remain relevant. However,  as long they borderline use fantasy in their system, more and more folks will stay away from playing it or watching it on TV. That strike zone is nothing other than an imaginary line that can only be seen but some predetermined humans, and that's bull...
Hernandez has huge chip on his shoulder. What a Jerk.
@Jomboy Media...Remember how you said Angel should be a 3rd Base ump in the Schwaber Video?  LOL
0:49 this whole part absolutely took me out 😂😂
Sometime soon, one of these calls is going to lead to a player or manager yelling at Angel, "This shit is why you're never going to be a crew chief or umpire another World Series!"
Harper should take a page put of Angel's book and sue Angel for racism against white players...😂
Every time Angel makes a bad call: "Oh hi, thanks for checking in, 🎶 I'm still a piece of garbage!" 🎶
You are incredible!
Angel Hernandez is worst than the angels at their jobs
Angel is wrong more than any other ump buttttttttt, that kid looked so happy at the end 😂
Angel Hernandez is terribad, but he made a kid happy. lol
Retire Angel. C mon. How could you want to go in front of the world getting embarrassed.  It's painful to watch. Just quietly go home
You got to hand it to Angel...at least he is consistent at being awful.
So in a weird way he was right and wrong we did see it was just a pitch before so he got both the calls wrong
Worst affirmative action garbage in the league. Disgraceful.
He needs to go.
The only bright spot is this is the kind of crap that forever keeps Angel home during the playoffs...
Everybody is all about unions until it hits their team.
Best part is bryce found the kid and signed the helmet for him lol
I already said this in a video but I'll say it again....HOW DOES THIS GUY STILL HAVE A JOB AS AN UMPIRE!?💀💀💀
Fuck yeah the kid got a cool helmet
Not often you see somebody get this angry at a third base umpire, but I guess that's Angel Hernandez for ya.
Hernandez is a full blown grandious narcissit
in a mostly deserted Kaufman stadium i cursed angel hernandez out in spanish. He noticed. Angel needs to be relegated to Class A baseball, then forgotten. If the commish of MLB and the head of the umpire's union cannot solve this, then MLB ought to take up the question on their own, and not schedule Hernandez again. Pay him if you must, but        money is not the important thing here.
Again! What the hell! How is he still umping games at all! He can't even ref dodgeball
The stats tell the story. Angel, you are the worst umpire in the MLB. You should seek other professional opportunities. My guess is you have already been asked to do so already. Bye.
Angel Hernandez needs to catch some hands
Angel Hernandez is a megalomaniac who never admits to being wrong, ever.
The ump was watching his head, seriously I think that is it. Batter's body mechanics fucked up the ump. Easy call blown. The two pitch comparison shows he held both times. That ump must have a ton of kids because he can't understand being amped and able to hold. He should think if baseball.....wait a minute....
Rare missed call for Angel Hernandez 🤣🤣
I heard he’s not allowed to umpire anymore.
The ONLY time I watch MLB highlights is when JOMBOY breaks down Angel Hernandez's piss poor ump performance!
That man child through a tantrum about a strike call? Is he ten years old? Grow up people are paying money to see you play ball not act like a child.
Need to do a quick breakdown on spencer strider goin off on Rick Kranitz
How has he not be let go!  Ruined basball
Harper's like, if I'm already out of the game, I'm getting my money's worth.
why does no one ever mockingly throw the umps out the game??
Angel Hernandez is needed by MLB to keep the bookies happy in Vegas and elsewhere. Of course, there won't be consequences. MLB is fine with this.
That MLB keeps him around, I hate to say it, but you have to start thinking corruption or something like that.  Anyone else this bad in their job gets canned.
Why is he still in baseball. Same ol story with this hack. what a joke
I think the whole crowd should have chanted, "Angel sucks! Angel sucks! Angel sucks!" after screwing up that call.
Can someone please explain how the guy is still an umpire? He's repeatedly blown calls so often thst i legitimately don't get how he's still allowed to be there
Angel Hernandez is so bad at calling balls and strikes, even a caveman can do it.
I want to see angel Hernandez at harper's acceptance to the hall of fame, and see them make up. great end to this friendship. lol
I don’t understand how he gets to keep being an official. He’s unquestionably, inexcusably bad at his job.
Umps act tough because players can't touch them.  Make a rule where if the ump is that horrible, you can knock him out.  Many of them deserve it.
Why is he still able to do this lol
I will never understand how MLB will allow him to eff up so much with no accountability.   He is an absolute disgrace.   Yet MLB just allows him to ruin game after game.    I just don't get it.
As a Astros fan. This Guy has no business umpiring a MLB baseball game. 😎
Donate to the Angel Hernandez school for the blind
Only umpire requiring a seeing eye dog 🤔
Angel Hernandez is one of the worst umpires of all time
HORRIBLE CALL!
Love how there's no repercussions for MLB umps but if I fuck up at work I could be fired.
I've watched almost every televised Phillies game this year and the umpiring has been terrible.
Umps a tool but Harper is a sook at the best of times
I was getting ready to see Harper throw his helmet at Hernandez like he did to Hunter Strickland 🤣
One guy has to be the worst umpire in MLB by definition. He is just setting the standards rather low.
Mandred is an absolute incompetent commish by leaving hernandez in the league for so ong
He’s never right and never in doubt
Replay
That ump might suck but he got this call RIGHT. Sorry Champ. Youre OUT!
I find it fucked up that a catcher can ask for a 2nd opinion and gets it everything but if a batter asks for time hell blows over.
Maybe he should've swung at his face.. idk why no one else has
the really sad part about it al is that baseball doesn't have a definition of what a swing is.
Angel is still bad at his work even if he stands at 3rd base.
Angel Hernandez is a disgrace to the Hernandez name.
Its always funny to watch a grown man act like a baby.
Its always funny when a grown man acts like a baby.
Umpires in baseball should not be able to throw players out of a game unless they throw a punch at another  player or umpire. Or if a pitcher obviously throws a ball at a batter's head. The fans pay good money to see these ballplayers not to see umpires. Players should be able to question calls. It actually adds drama to the game.
The odds makers should start letting fans bet on over/under on bad calla
Wonder why people don’t give an ish about sports. A professional ump shouldn’t be worse than little league. This is the epitome of what made me give up on the sport after being an all star year after year. It’s pathetic we still depend on the word of somebody like this when we have advanced way passed this point technological. You can calculate all the games the umps f up and it makes a major difference. Then take it to sports like football where are single game is almost always the decider. I was raised up on baseball since I was roughly 3 years old but you always are at the mercy of blind men like Angel Hernandez. Are they blind or do they have an agenda? Who t f cares. It’s time to deal with this crap.
I'm convinced Andrew Cuomo and Angel Hernandez are the same person. They are never seen together and they both make terrible calls. When not flinging their own poop, a rhesus monkey could be trained to do better.
Yeah that’s a bad call but you can debate Bryce deserved to be tossed for that level of a reaction. Just saying
In the real world, people lose their jobs if they've been this incompetent for this long.
Wow, that was terrible.
A thief
Only as a weatherman can you be so bad at your job yet praised and continually rehired.
The umpires union should be embarrassed that they’re keeping Angel Hernandez from getting fired.
As a fan of the game before any team, how the hell do we get this guy out of here?  There are always issues when he does games.  I'm so tired of it.
Why can't they get rid of bad umpires?
Angel Hernandez is one of the many reasons that MLB is just plain unwatchable nowadays.
I've said this before... This guy is awesome! GOOD FOR THE GAME. The worst thing baseball did was allow the replay. The umps have always been a part of the game for better or worse (in this case ol' angel eyes!) I get everybody is gonna point ot the Jim Joyce missed call but of all the perfect games there is only one that isn't. Those are the stories of baseball. Did babe Ruth really point? Did satchel really tell his whole infield and outfield to sit down? PLEASE BASEBAL GET RID OF THAT STUPID PITCHING BOX GET RID OF THE EXTRA INNING GHOST RUNNER AND BRING BACK THE 4 PICH WALK!!! the better teams don't allow the game to be decided by an ump period
Angel might as well stay with the Angels
Wow hardly anyone remarks about Bryce’s childish behavior. He acted like this when he was on my Nats team and he’s never changed. When will he actually grow up. Bad calls are a part of the game.
The last video you did on angel hernandez you said that they should put him on 3rd base and he still manage to fuck that up 😂
Why is this not reviewable?
It’s an MLB issue not a umpire issue. The fact they allow these umps to get easy strikes and balls incorrect is exactly what they want
There's a three-letter (or six-letter) word I'd describe Angel Hernandez but I'd get "canceled" for "homophobia"
Fan bases tend to fight and jaw at each other like rabid animals, but if there is ONE thing we can ALL unite on as baseballs fans it's how bad an umpire Angel Hernandez is.
Terrible call or not I’m sick of the players crying about every call. Get over it.
And now hes gone
Baseball is a joke that they keep him employed.
Angel needs to retire.
I hope that kid is able to get Harper's autograph on that helmet at some point.
Hey, Angel. Are you on the schedule for any playoff games this season?  Asking for a friend.
That’s the same fuckin swing hahha
As a teacher, I can attest to the FACT that if you get a boy named 'Angel' in your roster.....it's not going to be a peaceful year.  I'm not kidding.
That should be a reviewable call.
Clearly not a swing. That was incredibly bad, even for Angel Hernandez.
If he's cussing like that I wouldn't take my kids to see him play !!
If, one day, I ever suck at my job ... like truly suck ... all I have to do is look back at the body of work that Angel Hernandez has left behind, and I'll instantly feel better about myself 😆
Be that bad at your job and see how long you stay employed.
Worst ump in the league fur YEARS
Harper autographed the the helmet for that kid after the game, dudes a beast even when he gets ejected!!!
This goes on every year
Robo umps can’t get here fast enough
I'm quite impressed about Harper's restraint. I mean, I would have taken a swing at Angel Hernandez. Yeah, I would have been suspended but it would have been worth it. MLB needs to find a way to get Angel Hernandez OUT of the game. He is an open antaganists to players and managers alike.
We had a soccer ref back in HS who was angel level bad.  His calls were bananas and he'd card you for contesting it at all.  Parents, coaches and players hated him from far and wide but he was the Jr High computer teacher so he never went anywhere.  How he was able to keep his job is something I'll never understand.  Here's to you Claire, you blind bafoon!
Man I wish I had Angel Hernandez's confidence 😂
I'll never forget taking a break from watching phillies only to return to watch a horrible called game against the brewers its mind blowing that after that angel still has a job and is still bad at it
Things will not improve until an umpire is clocked for garbage like this. Same thing for all other sports. Refs are too insulated from the consequences of ruining the game for everyone
I was there and this was awesome. Angel is horrible
Can’t see why he’s never been a crew chief.
Angel is the poster boy to be anti-union.
I don't understand why he's still an umpire. Even casual fans know he's abismal.
Someone is betting on outcomes of  at bats
Everybody wants Angel to retire.  But MLB needs to step up and fire for performance.  If they strike, great.
Some of you all might not agree but i love it when angel Hernandez umps anything. Truly a master at his craft. 10/10 would recommend
I agree with everything harper does except yeet his helmet. That was super dangerous.
Whichever mafia owns Angel needs to give him a raise.
This wasn't even close. He didn't swing.
If I was a team and Angel Hernandez was anywhere on the field I would refuse to take the field until he was ejected from the game
Not a Harper fan at all, Hernandez is wrong as usual. He must have photos or something on the owners to be able to stay in  the majors.
Angel this is getting too old, the strike calls your setting are not even on the verge of convincing anymore. You might actually convert us to AI generated calls, blue your ejected.
Owners/Managers should just refuse to take the field if Angel is on the roster.  They usually have an extra, backup ump avaliable.
A majority of the horrible calls seem to be Angel Hernandez videos Actually all are him 😂
Why does Angel Hernandez still have a job in MLB again?
Angel Hernandez was secretly a lover of fans this entire time!  His hopes were that every player he pisses off throws items into the stands for the fans to bring home.
Hang on... his bat was over the  the plate and moving forward when the ball passed him. In fact, he didnt bring the bat back until the catcher had it in his mit. Is that the standard for a checked swing? He literally missed the ball as it passed and then brought the bat back after. In my book, if your bat is over the plate and moving forward when the ball passes you, you swung at it.
Never really knew about Hernandez until watching Chipper Jones on Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s podcast of all places. The subject got to umpires and Chipper ripped Hernandez pretty bad saying he was the worst ever.
No other umpire has half the bad calls he has. Every Year!
I stopped watching MLB about 5 years ago and Hernandez is absolutely part of why and the fact that they won’t just fire him!
The day Angel Hernandez retires will go down in history as one of the best days of my life. Right up there with getting married and getting out of the Army.
How is he stop umping
Horrible call
Harper has roid rage
Hernandez redefines the adjective pathetic.
You'll see 😂😂😂
That was a swing. I hate that shit if the bat moves off your shoulder, and your body turns in a swinging motion, it's a swing basic psychic. Plus he tried to March over there all scary and intimidating usi g husband big tough guy words thinking that guy was gonna flinch just to look like a cry baby sorry dude may be a shitty ump but apparently he isn't a punk. Made that fake tough guy look like a little kid throwing a fit because he didn't get a candy.
Even cooler for the kid that got his helmet, Bryce tracked him down after tge game and signed it for him.
Even cooler for the kid that got his helmet, Bryce tracked him down after tge game and signed it for him.
Back in the 70's, I once saw Gates Brown of the Tigers take a full swing, whip the bat back and the pitch was called a ball. The ump behind the plate never even asked for help from the third base umpire. It just wasn't done back then.
There's somebody who has dreamed his whole life of being a major league umpire, and he doesn't have a job because of Angel Hernandez.  Edit:  The scenario I just laid out is actually MLB's fault.
How Hernandez still have a jon in the MLB . Stevie Wonder would have made a better job than him as an ump .
How is Hernandez still an Ump?
If that’s a swing I am a millionaire and I will never be a millionaire
Time for MLB to toss him out of baseball!
What Made It Better Is The 10 Year Old Boy Was Told Buy Security That Harper Wanted To Sign The Helmet For Him! That Kid Has A Story He Will Tell For The Rest Of His Life. #FireAngelHernandez
I dont know how mlb can justify Angel Hernandez holding a job as a mlb umpire??  Ill tell you why.  Mlb doesnt have the stones to can a latino ump.  Mlb is woke.  Angel actually thinks the reason he isn't a crew chief is because of???  Racism of course.
His phantom balk calls, refusing appeals on swings, etc.  He has been atrocious
I'm so tired of mlb managers and players using the word "terrible".
He deserves the bad calls
if everyone calls you trash and garbage and terrible, you're probably all of those things. How does he go through his days not thinking he's a piece of shit?
one of many overpaid whiny ball players
Angel is so bad at his job if this was Salem, Massachusetts in the 1600s he’d be tried as a witch.
He could be a Democrat politician since he is so freaking bad and still has a job....somehow
Get him outta there
Angel has been 65 for at least 20 years by now
Why are incompetent umpires allowed to keep their jobs? Everywhere else in professional sports you get replaced immediately.
They need to start putting a piece of plexiglass behind the plate. Catcher's job will be weird, but so long as Angel Hernandez is out of a job, I'm good with it.
It's time for the umps to go.
They should be able to review bad calls , es[pecially in playoffs!! Who was ump betting on? ------
I can't stand Harper, but as bad as Angel has been for as long as he's been that way, why does he still have a job? That guy couldn't sufficiently make a call for a local little league game.
Devil Hernandez
Angel has always been that type of dude. In the 1980’s when he was a umpire in the Hialeah Khoury League drama was always a factor then. Coño Angel otra vez. Cojone asere! Go Marlins! FDT 24! 🇺🇸 ❤️ ☮️
He definitely didn’t swing
Angel is a horrible umpire not just part of the time ALL of the time for everyone in MLB!!!
I support unions 100% but Angel needs to be goooone.
Another terrible call. Imagine that
So technically angel is indeed an angel.... he inadvertently made a childs whole year.
Angel Hernandez is Mr. Magoo
I'm very much neither a Phillies or a Harper fan, but... WOW. Hideous call
AH isn't worthy of "professional" status. He either has pictures of someone or makes payments to someone because he can't POSSIBLY be keeping his job based on performance. Worthless.
The real winner was the kid who got the helmet. Man’s gonna hold onto that for the rest of his life probably
Angel is one of the reasons why I don’t like watching baseball any more. They have the technology use cameras and to have umps make calls better. It’s too much this bs these days and when it happens it’s like the MLB just doesn’t care. The bias in some umps is too much or they just blind old men.
As a consolation, AH is not working any of the series in the Wild Card round. I've never really looked at umpiring schedules - do they tend to use the same crews through the playoffs or will there be different ones in the next round?
angel hernandez would even be incompetent calling a girls slow-pitch softball game.
Don't watch baseball much anymore, but fans pay to see the players! Ump needs to be disciplined.
One thing I will say that Angel does well is he typically will stand chest to chest with guys that chew him out while most umps turn their back and let the other umps hold the players back.
Why can’t angel be fired. Is it due to unions?
Bring in Robo Umps
Defund Umpires!! Been saying this for years. We have the technology that can do the job without biases and favoritism. DEFUND UMPIRES!
Umps are the biggest babies and when they suck they act like even bigger babies
If Angel wouldn’t have been so quick to throwing Harper out, he would have avoided the ‘You’re garbage,’ and ‘You’re terrible’ lines.
My new conspiracy theory is they keep angel hernandez around to make every other umpire look so much better
when angel hernandez said “you’ll see” he was talking about jomboy’s breakdown
Again… fans complain to hell and back about Hernandez and umps all together… but start the convo about removing them and you’ll realize fans like arguing about calls. They enjoy it… a lot.
Just brutal. Angel brings so much disgrace to the MLB. At least he’s consistent! 😂
Finally some Justice! Hernandez has been released. 32 too years too late. 161 missed calls in 10 games this season. What a shmuck.
Angel is a diversity hire, backed by his union. He is the absolute worst umpire in the history of the game, and will continue because DEI and unions. Throw da bum out!!
Like the pope and supreme Court justices he has a job for life
The Mad Mormon 🤣
I don't watch baseball but I know hernandez is the worst.
Part of me was wishing that after Hernandez said "You swung" the second time, Harper caught him with a clean right hook and then said to him "Now you can say I swung, motherfucker!"
If I went to McDonalds and ordered a burger and the drive thru worker spat on my face and lit my car on fire they would still be better at their job than Angel is at being an ump. Absolute disgrace to the sport.
Maybe the players union could go on strike with the demand that Angel be fired.
Angel Hernandez is the worst umpire to EVER be on ANY field at ANY level. I'm kinda glad he exists because now that my kids are too old to play, I'm an umpire and will never be as bad.
Not even close.
Must be a Dem ... you know.
@jomboy can you do a breakdown of the texan ranger and Anaheim angel bench clearing on August 16th, 2006? My dad and i were at that game behind the dugout. Coincidentally Angel Hernandez was an umpire during that game.
AH should consider umping coin tossing.
Best throwbacks in sports
If Angel is really so bad, why is he still umpiring? Maybe they keep him there for the stories?
He has to know how bad he is right...right??
Roid Rage.
MLB fire this mf
@jomboy media should be a bit more forgiving to one of their most prolific and longest-serving content creators.
Damn I thought Angel was actually calling a great game for once behind the plate and then I found out he was on third
99 percent of the time I’m like “A.I. is evil and it needs to be shut down before it causes a labor crisis!”   Then I see Angel umping and I immediately start shilling for robots to take jobs
An umpire being able to tell if it's a swing or check is stupid in the first place. Unless it's completely obvious, this call has to be the most arbitrary in sports. They should just have someone in the booth phone down if it's a swing or not.
How is angel still in the league?
Why have umpires that don't know the game.
He sued MLB saying he's held back from assignments because he's Hispanic.  That's actually the reason he wasn't fired years ago.
Another Angel disaster, and to think, he’ll be doing this in the playoffs….grrr
Maybe all the other umps secretly pay Angel to be terrible, so they look better by comparison? Also they can all sleep better at night knowing that if Angel hasn't been fired yet, there's no way anyone else will be either!
Bryce was right, he's terrible ! Unfortunately every check swing now is a swing it seems. MLB & their speed up the game BS are ruining baseball.
This man is the reason we should use replay
Us fans get slow motion from every angle. I challenge any critic to be an umpire or any job where everything you do is second guessed.
love the good ending. more kids need helmets
I've never been a fan of baseball at any level and even I know who Angel Hernandez is. Guys like Angel actually deter potential new fans from getting into/taking the MLB seriously. It's kind of sad that any day of the year I'd rather watch Jomboy explain how terrible MLB umping is.
NThe fact the mlb or the union do anything is a joke
The MLB clubs need to petition for his removal
What’s hilarious (and sad) is that 0:12 is a strike if Angel is behind the plate.
How sweet are those Phillies uniforms
We need a best of the worst Angel Hernandez breakdown!
Look, I wanted the robots years ago, but this is perfect.  The two biggest shitheads in the league arguing with each other.
I’m soooo tired of AH still officiating
I can be that bad for his paycheck
The union will fight for him to get assigned to the playoffs, and MLB will oblige by putting him behind the plate in game 7 of the World Series.
Angel Hernandez doesnt deserve to umpire the Peewee league yet alone MLB. He has been the worst ump for many years. He deserves to be fired.
I love a year ago he said “maybe Angel should just up 3rd base” and yeahhhh….
Angel Hernandez is a disgrace to the game.
Classy move giving the Harper helmet to the little fan! Much Respect!
There should be a live stream of refs and umps when they review their mistakes so everyone can see their reactions.
just get rid of angel and every ump thats not good at the job.
Angel is the worst umpire in our lifetime
Not even close. I would love to know what they say about Angel Hernandez behind his back, considering they tell him how terrible he is to his face... 😂😂
Arguably, the most hated umpire in Major League Baseball right now. This cabrón is absolutely fn horrible.
i like how in 99% of cases, baseball fans will give foul balls and other items to whichever kids are around
Siempre con necesidad de protagonismo el lo hace a propósito son muchas sentencias como esa o peores en décadas eso no es nuevo con ese Sr lleno de complejos y frustraciones. Pero peor son los que le permiten lucirse.
Blowin calls since 1991. This guys the worst!
The worst umpire ever.
Honestly... Baseball just needs to die at this point.  Its stale, and the people in charge are idiots.
As close as the league monitors the players, a good eye should be placed on the umps.
When will umpires be fined when they miss a call then eject the person who’s right?  Angel needs to be counter sued for his lawsuit against MLB. You know you’re bad when people know the umpires name
Baseball deserves its slow and inevitable demise. Every generation watches less and less. And rightfully so.   The umpires make incredibly bad calls week after week, year after year. They should have switched to camera/laser strike zone automation ages ago.   Every week there are incredibly bad calls that can be reviewed on video tape, proving there umpires are either blind or corrupt or both. And nothing happens. Nothing.   The powers that be are willfully ignoring game ruining decisions by officials every single week. It never ends. No one is punished. Nothing changes.   Good riddance. Once they start going bankrupt then maybe they will make changes. And then it will be too late.
Finally Angel Hernandez was released from the MLB Umpires Association early Friday morning
Vids like me I always like to remember that Bryce Harper is Mormon
Thank you for your contribution to sports
I blame this one on Jomboy. In his Schwarber's video from last year, he recommended to that MLB put Angel at 3rd base since he needs a job per the union but is terrible at calling balls and strikes. "What harm could he cause at third base?" 😅
As a Pirates fan, I can honestly say he swung. Angel is still trash & Harper cries too much, but yeah, he swung.
TIME FOR THIS GUY TO BE RETIRED!
In the immortal words of CC Sabathia, "Always. It's always. He's bad."
🥺 but u swung senpai😨
Wowwww horrible call
Hate to say it but he can’t be fired because of the color of his skin. Not based on merit.
Bryce is turning into a true Philadelphian with that mouth! Awesome!!!
Seriously if I’m bryce I’m not leaving that field until Angel leaves too! Idgaf if there’s a union for the umpires the job that I work is a union job and if you continuously screw up at your job you get fired! Angel continuously screws up so why does he still have a job?
He's not the only bad umpire in the mlb
And remember when Hernadez complained he was not getting playoff games haha.
ANOTHER Angel Hernandez video on how he’s been the Worst umpire ever in baseball history wow! how interesting . . .
That’s an awesome souvenir lol
I’m surprised he still has a job
MLB is broke. Umpires have complete immunity. They can make horrible calls every day and never get reviewed by the league or get punished. It is literally ruining the game.
if the players would punch their lights out they would stop making bad calls, they are a part of the game also. knock them out
Angel is the sole reason and an axhibit A of the type of person that ruins a d gives Unions a bad rap, protecting those that shouldn't be protected.
That's the problem with unions
How does he still have a job? Angel is the epitome of how not to umpire.
You know it's bad when I'm siding with Bryce Harper.
Blatant
Yeah. Bryce had every right to be mad. Hernandez sure is a terrible ump. He'll see. Hahaha.
Angel never disappoints in disappointing.
Can't stand Harper. But HATE Angel.
Harper needs to just kiss him and come out.
Angel is the JB of unpires LOL!
Bryce Harper Zack ❤️
The home plate at least thought he might have swung so….
Hernandez's bad calls are getting dangerous. Could ruin a world series.
He RESIGNED years ago with the rest of the umps as sign of solidarity.  The league broke the union and then decided which umps they would take back, and he was one of them. Rumors were bc he was Cuban or bc his father ran a successful ump school for many  years
He didn’t swing.
And here we were thinking that Angel was better off as a first or third base ump.
As soon as he said "you'll see" I was confident that he indeed would not see
Angel Hernandez is to umpiring what Bar-S hot dogs are to a gourmet restaurant. They just don't belong!
At this point I'm pretty sure Angel is just trolling baseball fans. There's no way somebody is actually this bad
Angel is the worst of the worst
When you quit the job, but still collect the paychecks...
Fire angel. It's time.
Joe West retired, so someone has to take up the mantle....
Death, taxes, and Angel Hernández with a horrible call on a near weekly basis. Three things guaranteed in life.
Kids on cloud nine. Only thing Angel did good, riling up Harper so he helmet flips to the stands. Thx Angel! LOL
Great Job by Hernandez
Saying “You’ll see” to Angel Hernandez is *BEYOND* bold.
Thanks to hernandez that kid got a helmet lol
Angel Hernandez…forging the path for vision impaired umpires across the world. 🤡
How does that man still have a job? If I was as incompetent as him I’d have been fired years ago
You have to try to be that bad. Maybe if Bryce swung had swung at angels head he would correct his vision
Hernandez is ATROCIOUS.
Umpiring has been fairly good this year. Then there is Angel, and he's just consistently bad.
Angel is bad but c'mon Bryce cries like a baby everytime he doesn't get a call his way...
Is there an opposite of a hall of fame for baseball umpires. If so, Angel Hernandez is a first ballot vote.
Angel shouldn't even work grade school games because he will crush a kid's dream with junk calls
The reason Angel has a job is because he's the only thing keeping MLB in the national spotlight. The only time MLB even gets brought up on a national level is when some umpire makes a god awful call. Angel Hernandez brings eyes to the sport for all the wrong reasons. A sport that is behind the NFL & NBA in viewership, and the NHL is quickly gaining. Why wouldn't the MLB get rid of one of the most controversial Umps of all time? Because we talk about it at the water cooler. Nobody is discussing this game at work the next day (Outside of Philly or Pittsburgh), if Angel doesn't make this call. It's a sad harsh truth. He deserves to be fired. But the MLB knows what it has in Angel Hernandez. They're a business and he brings in views and clicks. Just like the news leads with terrible news that triggers people. So does the MLB.
YOU'RE ACTUALLY THE ONE THAT'S GONNA SEE
ANGEL HERNANDEZ SIGUE DEMOSTRANDO SER EL PEOR AMPAYER DE MLB.! EL ESTA ECHO PARA LIGAS RANCHERAS EN MEXICO 🇲🇽.!
This is why unions are a joke. They protect completely incompetent awful employees. Dude would be long gone if the umpires union didn't exist.
This is the problem with unions.  I'm all for unions in most cases because they help the working men and women of this country earn a fair wage, get the benefits they deserve and all the rest of it.  But when your union protects your job even though you suck at it, it's time to do something.  It's the same reason bad cops are able to keep their job.  Unions shouldn't be able to protect incompentent or incapable workers just because they pay their dues.  Hernandez is the worst umpire in the history of baseball, and should have been fired years ago.
The catcher needs to ask the home plate ump to appeal to the third base ump.  The catcher just points down there and angel makes the call.
How angel Hernandez still has a job in MLB is mind boggleing. Hes been really bad  Ever since he started. If players are hwld accountable for poor performance so should umpires
Angel gets so many chances why? Let the guys decide the outcome on the field. The umpires make it about them. It doesn't make sense...
Bryce Harper. Man of the people. Doing the Lord's work.
Backed by a union he doesn't actually give a sh*t and continues to make it all about him instead of the game.
Wow. Somehow that waste of DNA makes the game all about him even when he isn't behind the plate.
Angel consistently at least makes the case for why robo umps will be in place sooner than later.  I would hate to see that happen. However he practically singlehandedly will have sped up the implementation of robo umps. It doesn't matter where you put him in the game, even at third base he's blowing calls. Ones that aren't even close. They must have one strong union.
If i performed my job to the same effectiveness as Angel Hernandez, I wouldn't ask questions when I would inevitably have to file for unemployment. How this guy still has a job is insane.
Angel hernandez 2:18 and joe west are the worst umpires ive ever seen. Absolutely terrible
“Youll see youll see. I cant see though.”
Angel Hernandez is traaaash
Kid got the helmet signed too!
The kid wouldn’t have gotten a Bryce Harper helmet if it wasn’t for Angel’s 💩 umpiring. Jomboy, putting a good spin on the bad call.
Understandable. Angel is easily one of the worst baseball umps I've ever had the misfortune to witness.
Angel has been awful for years. How is he still employed as an Umpire?
Replace all the umps with computers.  Theres no reason for umpires to exist.
Did you see the replay Angel?? Not even close to a follow through, Did you see ? Say you saw it , You didn't even look at the replay later did you ?? Use the replays to get better , holy crap man.
Hernandez is probably still an ump cuz he is entertaining. Awful ump but it’s entertaining seeing hot heads like Harper lose his cool. The crowd gets fired up as well.
Angel has pics of the commissioner with goats 😡
The league admits this dudes a terrible ump, they won't let him ump playoff games, yet he's still allowed to ump regular season games? Why.
That seemed like a long amount of time for anyone to come out and intervene
As a Braves fan, I do not typically root for Harper, but Angel has got to go. This is criminal. #freebryce
Angel Hernandez is in a protected class - he’s blind.
Blows my mind he still has a job
Im not really a baseball fan but you guys must realize Angel makes a joke out of your sport and has been for years. Baffling.
I think if Angel actually took some accountability we could almost respect him a little (not for his calls, but admitting when he’s wrong)
I don't understand how a person can be so bad and not quite in embarrassment. Who can take that much abuse from people and to seemingly not care?
Angel Hernandez has been known to do this quite often and yes how does he still have a job with MLB ❓
I get that it’s a horrible call and it’s Angel Hernandez, but it’s way too early in the game to get that heated. I’d understand if it was late in the game with the go ahead run on base, but 3rd inning is too early
My girlfriend, who doesn’t follow baseball at all, knows Angel Hernandez by name….
Worst umpire in the MLB for years.
Bad calls, yeah, but how some of these “pros” behave is pretty sad. What other sport has these huge delays for bench clearing arguments and flare ups due to the unspoken rules? Some excited kid flips a bat after a home-run because he’s made the bigs after grinding out of a poverty most of us couldn’t imagine, and they shame them into conformity. No thanks, i’ll watch other sports, leave baseball to the 65+ crowd.
Angel and CB need to be forced out for repeated bad performance
I wish I could stink at my job like AH and still be employed.  No standards
They should make a rule where both teams need to agree to the ump line up.
And MLB will have him umping a bunch of our playoff games too…. “You’ll see.”
OMG that was the worst call I've seen AH make.
Well they both wrong to be fair. But BIG but. Bryce Harpers better for the game than Angel Hernandez. Possibly the worst ump in MLB ever?
Shouldn’t be getting tricked by the shine on the bat 🤦🏾‍♂️
Jon berethal would do much better then this imposter
Well, turns out he's bad regardless of where you put him on the field.
If it wasn’t for the umpires union, Hernandez wouldn’t have a job. And he had the balls to cry racism in his lawsuit against MLB.
"You'll See" I Won't Get Fired From MLB And File More Lawsuits For "Racism" 😂😆😂
Y do they continue to let him ump ??? Everyone knows how bad he is He’s horrible at best
Swing or no swing Harper is baby.
Fine the ump
I like how you turned a negative interaction between adults, into a happy moment.  It just shows the idiocy of these guys arguing.
Angel has Cranial Rectal Inversion
He's beyond bad, he's actually a disgrace to the game.  Any video of bad calls always includes a half dozen of his.
" the guy is a rigger" ~ DJ Trump
Why do I have to sympathize with Bryce Harper? Just fire this guy and let the union fight to get his job back
I even recognized the name Angel Hernandez. I guess it's because he's infamous for his bad calls. I doubt he was even looking at the swing at the time. 😄 I did love that kid, he's a natural on camera. (Yes, I saw the game on TV)
Angel the worst umpire off all time needs too be kicked out off the USA
Angel stands there because he's hoping that one day his terrible calls will finally send a player over the edge and he gets his ass kicked so he can sue everybody in the stadium.  He should've been fired 20 years ago.
I dont know what the problem is. Angel is doing a fine job bringing in automation umpires.
This is why baseball sucks why have umps when you can have a pitch tracker and instant replay. So dumb! Baseball is also the most fixed sport ever!
Why no top down angle?
Angel Hernandez — a household name.
CB Bucknor approves
So, what Angel did was say he went on the one he didn't because he wasn't called on the one he actually went on. And he admits it and it stands. And MLB can't get rid of him.
I've no dogs in this fight, but THAT was a truly CRAP call. Bush League.
I never have been a fan of Brice Harper but Angel Hernandez is the worst umpire in the history of MLB
IMO as soon as you clear your hips it's a swing whether the bat makes it to the plate or not
These half swings these players do is BS, should always be a strike if you commit to a swing, no changing your mind half way thru.
The kid not only got the helmet of his favorite player (he's wearing a Harper shirt!), after the game, Bryce signed the helmet. What a guy!
Angel has been so consistently bad, I'm shocked he's not in politics
Angel Hernandez, MLB’s longest-running winner ever: 32 straight Helen Keller Umpire of the Year awards.
Harper’s swing consistency is dialed. Even his check swings on a low-inside curveball are identical.
Angel Hernandez will be the reason they go to computer determined strike zones.
Angel is somehow even worse than the angels
MLB umps are like supreme court justices.
My wife is a hardcore Dodger fan and of all baseball. I can not stop laughing when she see's Hernandez on the field and it is even better when he is behind the plate or on first.
calm and steady and didnt answer any swear back !  respect lol  , this clearly is not a swing, and i think Mr.Angel should get a warning,  3 warning = 1 out,  if you get 3 out a year, you are out, i hope they can adapt to this rule
I'm actually kinda surprised Bryce didn't throw his helmet at Angel, since he has done that to Giant's pitchers.
How come it's always Angel?  Every year he is making shit calls and nothing is done about it.
It’s absurd how umpire face no repercussions for doing a horrible job… any other profession is getting fired but the umpires just have to start their vacation a couple weeks earlier.
Can a Ump be pure Sh!t and not get fired?
A LOT ANGEL HERNANDEZ  IN MLB BUT PEOPLE HATE ANGEL HERNANDEZ
“I would KILL for that kind of job security!” -Ronald McDonald
Angel NEEDS to be fired. Everyone in the MLB hates the guy, the fans hate the guy, and he literally is an atrocious umpire.
“You swung” 😂
Angel is inconsistent??? Say it ain't so!!!
I am completely dumbfounded that Angel Hernandez still has a job.  He's not fit to umpire tee ball.
They need to start fining Hernandez.
Angel Hernandez is the absolute worst  umpire in MLB. It's not even close. Umpires are supposed to be graded on there performance. I don't see how he keeps his job. MLB needs to get rid of him.
Angel H. should be ‘roasted’ by the optometrist, pun intended! Cheerio
Excellent close to the segment.  Angel Hernandez may finally have a fan after this.
in the end the kid wins. so true. great perspective .
Angel is the real reason why baseball umpires needs a real beating for their horrible officiatings
That's a horrible call. Umps need to start being held accountable for bad calls. Can we not challenge those?
How does Angel Hernandez keep himself in the league?  I wanna know what photos he keeps in his wallet to show Selig
Angel Hernandez is the worst MLB umpire in the history of the game.  This guy should have been canned years ago.  I'm no Bryce Harper or Phillies fan, but Bryce was 100% correct on all counts.
MLB must keep Angel in the league on purpose
I feel I’m the only one besides angel who thinks he went
Angel is a black eye on MLB . What other job can u be so bad at but be untouchable? Other than President
I don't usually see Bryce Harper this angry.
Harper is such a drama queen, can't stand him
Didn’t realize baseball was still going on
He’s betting on the game. 100% believe it. With how legal gambling is these days. “You’ll see”.
Jomboy, can you do a video on the MLB Umpires' union and what powers they have?
Another reason to not ward baseball  About to be done with all sports   Sports betting has made refs even more trash they have officially been placed on everyone's shit list lower than lawyers
Angel is the worst MLB umpire ever…then Laz Diaz….criminal how bad they are!
how is he still employed?
If the union won't allow MLB to fire Hernandez then the entire union needs to be fired.
Go Phillies! In the playoff’s!😊
Angel is a big part of the reason I don't watch baseball anymore The fact that an umpire who makes as many bad calls as him and they don't do anything about it I just don't enjoy watching anymore
Angel Hernandez has proven over and over and over that he should be upping Little League games at best! How in the world is he still calling games in the MLB???
Can ANYONE give me a logical explanation, barring union, Why Hernandez in still umpiring MLB?
I hope Angel does not do any playoff games or World Series games.
Doesn't MLB require regular eye exams for Umps? Also, Cognitive tests?
How does this guy still have a job? Don’t they evaluate these guys at the end of the year now? Not a fan of either team but that wasn’t even close to a swing.
That Umpire needs to retire, that was wrong.
You could say Hernandez isnt as bad as the Yankees,Boone  etc and their overpaid roster..go Orioles
Classic Angel.
Can't wait for CloseCallSports to tell us how this is technically a swing
the worst ump in the majors period
The kid is quite adorable and beaming with that smile but Angel...ugh
They take him out from behind the plate and he still finds a way to blow calls. Angel Hernandez is like a super villain.
Angel is a disgrace to baseball.
Bryce....he doesn't hold back.....I don't blame him
I'm an outsider, who watches highlights of games and knows only a little about MLB. But one thing I've seen a lot of is people complaining about this umpire Angel Hernandez. Many of the comments I've seen call him bad and accusing him of being unprofessional. Some even go so far as to accusing him of being corrupt. So the question I have is this - How can someone who officiates at what is seen to be the highest level of this sport be so universally disliked and not respected, and still have a job? I cannot think of any other sport where a match/game official has so many fans all saying the same bad things about him, and yet the sport's own governing body doesn't appear to have any concerns about doing anything about it? Is MLB deliberately ignoring its fans on this subject? Or are they just chalking this up to a bunch of unhappy fans and nothing more needs to be done? I mean it's not just fans of one team that have issues with Hernandez from what I have seen. There are a lot of people who follow different MLB teams and there are a lot who've taken issue with this person? Can someone please explain this to me because I'm genuinely intrigued to know about this.
That side by side, do a short and a vote which was which poll, they were the same video...
Lol
They need to get rid of umpires completely they are a complete joke
#FireAngelHernandez
I'll probably get fined tomorrow for being right. Bryce Harper😅
Umpires used to get beat back in the day. I can see why
And yet, he wonders why he's never chosen to be a crew chief or on a WS crew...
Honestly, what's the big deal... looks like he swings. Love Brice though.
What's funny is Angel will be remembered as the worst of all time in the annals of history. And that he is a dumpster fire and a snowflake.
Angel needs to retire
Put simply, Angel really shouldn’t have a job where his decisions impact anyone but himself. I think that pretty much limits his career options to… uh… shit, I can’t think of a job that doesn’t impact anyone else. Maybe a telemarketer for his own product?
Angel Hernandez is the biggest reason why sometimes unions are not the solution for a company.
I'd pay money to see someone pound Hernandez into the ground!!!
Every fan rips into Hernandez, but apparently, he knows where MLB has hidden the bodies, so he keeps his job.
Angel Hernandez and Bryce Harper, two of the biggest characters in baseball having it out. I hate bad calls, but I can't say I don't get a lot of entertainment out of this.  "You swung. You swung, you'll see." "No! You'll see!"  Lol I love this crap. Bryce even tossed his helmet into the crowd, throwing a fit like baby, but hey at least a lil' man caught it. If it weren't for Angel Hernandez we wouldn't get circuses like this.   ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED?
Hernandez single handedly changed my mind on electronic umpires. Guy is a disgrace.
Hernandez needs to be in Congress… fit right in!
I haven't even got past the ads.., and I know angel deserved what ever he got verbally from the fans and harper
My 2 sents, this guy has made some horrendously bad calls over the year.... I came up playing little league baseball at a park I believe his father ran for many years in Hialeah ,FL. Babcock park, his dad and brother were great people, help alot of kids during the years they ran the park, one of the most competitive little league parks in FL. And they had the best pizza... still remember them till this day. Play in Babcock in the 90's. The good ol days.
Angel Hernandez is by far the worst umpire I've ever seen.
Good analysis Angel is terrible
I thought that ump was fired by now. Horrid ump.
I thought Angel Hernandez retired.
Angel is terrible he needs to be fired
Year after year of atrocious umpiring from him.
New Rule:  Eject a player on a blown call?  Lose you game check.
How is Angel still in the mlb you can’t tell me they don’t see this. Every time he’s behind home plate some one is getting tossed because he is making a horrific call
I've watched it 20 times, still cant see how Angel said "you swung" through lip reading
and if he fired he'll pull the race card, gve me a break
AH is horrible. I don't know if it's an eyesight issue, or a cognitive issue. Whatever. The real issue is that MLB refuses to do ANYTHING about him. They know he's consistently about the worst umpire in the game, they simply choose not to deal with it. Perhaps it's the strength of the union. Maybe it's because he plays the race card, and they're not prepared to deal with that. In any case, I blame the league.
That was actually a good call. Keep your head up angel, ignore the haters.
You could put Angel in the locker room and he'll F something up.
One thing about Angel Hernandez is that it is on record in court that he is so bad at his job but he's protected by the union so MLB can't fire him.
How does he have a job?  Oh yah, Union
Just fire him and pay the fines.
I'm actually against Robot umps, just make an Angel Hernandez award , giving it to the worst umpire of the year. I know, I know, how do you narrow it down to one?
And he’ll still wonder why he  doesn’t get the World Series!
Well, in neither of them did he break his wrists. However, in the 2nd one, the bat clearly passed the plate part way. That's a swing in my book. Angel is a bad ump, but even a stopped clock is right twice a day.
Angel is just a blind umpire. Time will come when a play like Harper can be reviewed. Angel time to retire when you can't even make a simple call like that right. You should call Harper and apologize your ass off. Dude get your eyes checked.
Angel H...top 3 of terrible umpires...most people this bad at their jobs would have been fired by now...
Angel Hernandez made a kids absolute dream come true
I'm not much of a baseball fan but from what I've seen there is  no one who doesn't think Angel is the worst ump of all time
Follow A Hernanaz history on these bad calls.  I bet you will see a pattern to affecting game outcomes.  I bet if he was ever investigated, you would see he is influencing game outcomes....
This dude could be a great manager some day
Angel Hernandez hurts the credibility and authority of all umpires (most of whom are outstanding).  His presence hurts the game.  I don't know how he can look any of his colleagues in the eye unless he is completely delusional.
They can make a hour long slideshow of judt harper and hernandez arguing,  hernandez is a mut he got mad at the mlb an umpires union for getting passed over an been takin it out on the game and its disgusting
If that kid isn't a leftie already he better make the switch!
Of course it's Angel Hernandez, it's always him when it comes to bad calls and the Phillies...😑
I like how Angel is unintentionally making the biggest push for robo umpires
What about over plate view cam ? There can lie the difference.
I would not be surprised if Angel disappears into thin air. No questions asked, just like they do it in Cuba.
Do umps have tenure like college professors so they basically can’t get fired?
They’ll fire him Monday
If Angel Hernandez is still employed there is absolutely no way possible for anyone to lose their job
Hernandez now clearly has the mentality of so many other incompetent people with some power. Instead of considering that he might need improvement, he’s decided that there’s a conspiracy against him. And that psychosis just gets stronger and stronger the more people line up against him.
Twist that kid was Joe West great grandson.
I actually will never be able to fully get into baseball becasue of umping. It is way to important of a factor in the sport and the fact that any missed calls happen at the professional level is egregious. Plus the MLB cannot get rid of dogshit umps. The technology EXISTS for this to never, ever happen, but for some reason baseball is officiated like we are in the 50's.
Angel Hernandez is the Steve Mazzagatti of umpires
Steve 'Mongo' McMichael had Angel Hernandez covered so long ago.
If this guy doesnt get kicked out of baseball, it must mean, he's  got the leage under his spell, anywhere else, he'd  be fired on the spot..
This stems from a fundamental misunderstanding of what is a swing.. Even the rules get it wrong.. Umps and most people look for the wrists to flex and call it a swing, when what you really should look for is if the bat is in the zone when the ball crosses the plate area..
Bring on the robot umps
Angel has been a blight on MLB for too long. What does he have on the owners that we don't know... ...disgusting how smug and how bad an umpire he is!! Harper was right. He's terrible!!!
I’m really curious the stats on ump appearances in Jomboy videos. Does Angel have the most?
Angel Hernandez is still employed purely out of pity.
Hernandez making bad calls is as predictable as Harper acting like a spoiled four-year-old child. The difference between these two is that Hernandez isn't wildly overrated.
I’ve been saying for a couple years the check swing calls are absolutely awful and the mlb needs to correct this problem. The giants were in a division series with los angles a couple years ago and the series ended on an absolutely brutal check swing call. Get it right mlb
Umpiring is getting worse. I’m ready for an electronic strike zone.
So why is Demon Hernandez still umpiring? Fr
Send him to the little league world series
This umpire is atrocious. It's an absolute embarrassment for MLB.
How the hell does Angel Hernandez still have a job?
Only job in America you can be consistently that bad and still be employed
Another day of MLB incompetence on display, another day of not watching MLB.
How the hell is Angel still umpiring 🤦
The best thing about this is Harper ending up signing the helmet for the kid.
Didn't Jomboy say that they should keep Angel Hernandez at 3rd all the time because he'll do less damage there?
They need to just get rid of Angel Hernandez already. Straight out garbage umpire.
Harper needs to seek psychological help.  He has to be one of the angriest people playing the game today.  Might as well get Raven's "Poor impulse control" tattooed on his forehead.
He swung
Shit like this is why I quit watching baseball, its just not fun anymore when you have umpires like Angel ruining the game
Fans need to have a day of protest on the last games of the season and leave every stadium empty calling for the removal of Angel Hernandez!!
Just another fine example of why Bryce Harper will never make it into the Hall of Fame. He’s exactly where he belongs, in trashy Philadelphia.
What is the recourse for these really obvious bad calls? Are umpires held accountable? Is there a review process?
That ending was magic!
what do you want to bet in the off season he moonlights as a cop 😅
It’s truly embarrassing that we know this ump by NAME. He’s just so bad repeatedly!
Youll see better umpiring in a highschool game and I said that 5 years ago about this man, I cant believe hes still fucking up MLB games. Its not even fun, funny, or spinnable at this point.
He swung on both. Just need better consistency here. If he wouldve called both swings, which they were since he crossed the plate, nothing would be bad
I love the game within the game. Please no robo umps…but please no more Angel
All teams need to refuse to take the field when he is on the crew…period.   Let the owners start refunding tickets and WATCH how fast he is gone.
Umpires should face getting ejected or fined for bad calls.
Angel has been horrible for 20 years, honestly why is anyone still surprised.
Angel Hernandez.....hands down...the worst ever.
Harper is dead right to go off. Hernandez makes calls that affect the outcomes of games. Even the announcers say every time he umps on the line or behind the plate there’s a problem.
Lmao I was on the first base line watching this. The crowd went nuts.
Hernandez gotta be on PrizePicks betting on unders. 😂
It's pretty bad when--and you know YOU'RE bad when--you're literally the only umpire in the league whom every fan, even casual fans, can identify by name, and the ONLY reason for that is literally because of how notoriously awful you are at umpiring. Sure, there's a few other umps out there that big time/everyday fans can name, but nothing like that scumsac.
How is Angel allowed to do this garbage year after year? He's a garbage umpire
Check swings would be such an easy task for robo-umps
Angel Hernandez’s career is the number 1 reason to support union busting.
Is it that the swings are not identical because with the one on the right in the comparison, the catcher is partially blocking the ump's view of the bat so his mind just makes up whatever to compensate?
Angel Hernandez will be remembered forever in the history of the game. None of it for any good reason. A total disgrace to the profession of Umpiring.
Hernandez sucks but Harper is a disgrace to the game.  Needs a 1st suspension.
Don’t forget the other part that catcher is a f*****g hypocrite.
Angel hernandez.The absolute worst umpire in mlb history.
Hernandez can get every single call wrong from now until the end of time, & he'll still have his well paying gig. No way weak, woke & whimpy MLB will dare try to terminate a Hispanic man who has shown he's not opposed to filing a racial discrimination lawsuit.
He’s gotta be careful not to be suspended going into the playoffs
This is why baseball sucks to watch
We all have to than Angel Hernández for making kids happy.  He really is an Angel.
Almost all people that are consistently bad at their jobs, get fired. Except for weathermen and MLB umps, it seems
Angel is a terrible umpire.  Bryce behaves like a privileged, spoiled child.
I am no fan of Bryce Harper, I think he’s a big baby.  However, I’ve got to side with him on this.  That call was awful.  Angel Hernandez repeatedly is the poster child for bad MLB umping and needs to go.  MLB needs to lay down the gauntlet on this, fans are not happy.
Pitch clocks, bigger bases, limited pick-off attempts, universal DH’s, all to “make baseball better.” But mlb can’t clean up the game by dropping Angel Martinez.
He actually did not swing
umpires should be disbanded, no one goes to watch him and hes mad about it.
You have to hand it to Angel for being completely aware that he's universally accepted as the worst ump in the history of professional baseball, and yet continuing to show up every game out of sheer spite.  I mean, the MLB won a lawsuit that allows them to publicly say that they won't let him ump a series game because he's a terrible ump. The man is LEGALLY KNOWN as a shit ump in official court documents and he still shows up. If I had as much hate in my whole body as Angel has in one pinky finger just getting out of bed each morning, I'd either be the president or a serial killer.
If you break your wrists, you done.
Angel appealing for a camera review is epic. “You’ll see”😂😂😂😂
Umps should have to face the media after each game.
Any body ever hear of Don Dinklage... look him up. I'm surprised theres actually people that still want to be officials in ANY sport nowadays. People act like occasional bad calls in any sport is a new phenomenon... It's not😅 Unfortunately for the officials/umpires in todays technological world every little miss is dissected.  It always has been and always will be a part of the game... like players making errors and managers making critical mistakes in their decision making. Umpires aren't perfect... and it's part of what makes it a beautiful game. With that said Angel Hernandez is a terrible umpire and should have been canned (or demoted) long ago.
To me, it's most impressive how Bryce's check swings look basically identical.
Getting fired over the phone is a bad call. Angel Hernandez deserves to be on the receiving end of a bad call himself for once.
Both were swings
Not. Even. Close. His fellow umps need to hold him accountable and just get rid of him cuz everyone’s umps asses and angel hernandez Ahmad been at the center for years
I'm glad the kid was handed the helmet instead of cracked over the skull with it.
If I was as bad at my job as Angel Hernandez is at his, I'd be fired 5 times over.
he is fallen angel 😂
I know nothing about baseball but I love this content. One thing I have learnt is that angle hernandez is terrible at his job.
Incredible ending 😭
Angel Hernandez is at it again, making the worst calls in baseball.
I swear I feel like he does this shit on purpose. I can’t imagine any official, referee, or umpire just coincidentally and consistently miss calls this bad on a regular basis.
With calls like this, we hope Angel has a tee time during the playoffs.
IDK about other stadiums, but whenever Angel H is announced as an ump at Camden Yards he gets a large BOOOO!
Angel Hernandez  has achieved one thing in his career, HE WILL GO DOWN AS THE WORST UMPIRE IN THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF UMPIRES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I was an umpire for 25 years and was a hell of a better umpire than him.
Jomboy last year - "Not every ump needs to call balls and strikes. Just make Hernandez a 3rd base ump." Lol nope. The only line Hernandez should be on is unemployment.
XD lmao yeah fr honestly we should thank Angel cause that kid wouldn’t have gotten the helmet!😂 good video
Harper also auto'd that helmet for the kid after the game!
A couple things can be true:  -With seeding decided for the Phils this game was meaningless for all involved. Bryce's reaction seems over the top considering that   -Bryce deserved to be ejected. He took 4-5 strides to third before he got tossed and you cant just walk out to an ump screaming when you're supposed to go the dugout. At that point, anyone would've ejected to him.   -All that in mind, its Angel Hernandez that made the call and it was clearly the wrong call.   Kinda says a lot about how sick LITERALLY EVERYONE is of his shit that everyone seems to be on Harper's side. Even if it was CB Bucknor that made that call, I don't think everyone reacts this way. This guy is so infamous I mentioned to my mon that a shitty ump threw out Harper and she asked "was it Angel Hernandez?". He's the most famous ump in baseball and that is not a good thing to be.
Thus the reason he is at 3rd base and not behind home plate…
If Angel Hernandez was a soccer referee he would have been murdered years ago
Unions have their place but this isn't one of them.  He needs to be dismissed.
Gonna say it once.  It only happened once.  You can rewind, or click back earlier.  Whatever metaphor or verb you want to use is fine with me.  They all look the same.  He never swung the bat.  I think they should get rid of the umpires, and have people do it for free, any day of the week.  It's silly to pay officials to make sure the game is fair when it's obviously getting in the way of enjoying the game.  Did I miss anything in my comment?  Rewind and check again.
Hernandez ruining baseball one game at a time.  Affirmative action in baseball is awesome…
I tend to agree with Angel. For once.
The name Angel in MLB=bad.
Why*d mlb even hire him? Hernandez just wants a 💰 check
Angel Hernandez? no way! who would’ve thought? that guy never makes a bad call 😂😂
I am shocked he hasn't been jumped by fans or something after a game yet, like god damn.
Angel Hernandez for President! <3
AND ANOTHER BLOWN CALL BY ANGEL HERNANDEZ
Great spin at the end.
He never, ever stops being tired of being the worst goddam umpire in the league. What a trooper.
We just live in his world…   “W” for the kid though.
Imagine being this unapologetically bad at you job
Angel is like a politician can’t get fired from his job no matter how bad he is
Don’t who’s angel or Joe west
Worst umpire in the history of the sport
Hernandez is the Joe Biden of umpires
The whole union system is bullshit. Literally the only reason he has a job.
As a Quality Assurance Specialist I have spent many sleepless nights and spent a lot of time developing bleeding ulcers (they are not fun) while trying to do the work that needs done, even when it isn't pleasant.  AH is disgusting in his field of work.  Might be the best pop pop ever... but... man, not a rabid baseball fan here at all, and yet he just pushed my BP levels to biometric levels of concern.   My fam before me was union blue collar and I appreciate what they did to lay the foundation for me... but THIS union is willing to alienate fans, alter history, and all around not hold themselves to a standard that most people would be rightly cut down at the professional knees for considering the ineptitude.  ... it is "just a kids game"... it is honestly a "luxury problem" given the sh!t storms all about us... but c'mon... AM is Lousy... the ump, not the time.  I refuse to call him by his name as it soils the word. [edited because i reviewed mu work]
I wanna hate on Angel but I did some research and the dude has so many charities and events that he sponsors every year and I can’t really say anything truly bad about him. Awful umpire though
The moral of the story, Angel Hernandez is the gift that keeps on giving.
Angel Hernandez should be fired! Period!
Angel Hernandez is certainly one of the umpires in the MLB
I'm an extremely casual baseball fan so the fact the even I know about Angel Hernandez' horrible reputation as an ump really says something.
Does MLB have a T-shirt like the NBA two minutes report? I know it's not exactly the same but the game is also slower so it seems like they could do it on contested calls like this.
Lets be honest. He is looking to fight with angel cause everyone likes it haha
Angel Hernandez is the Donald Trump of baseball.
Angel Hernandez has to be one of the worst if not the worst umps in baseball history. He just completely sucks at umpiring period
Stevie Wonder is a better Umpire.
Angel is devil
those 2 pitches were f*cking nasty. caught him on booth and it's his fault for not having plate discipline at 99
How can you tell if they go or not? Like, that looked like an atrempt to me, but thats from someone who barely knows what im talking about
“You swung”  No Angel, no he most certainly did not.  “You’ll see”  It’s amazing that there is so much video evidence that details just how bad he is at umpiring.
The only people on the field that have no accountability are the refs ..G I wonder why .. Refs should be accountable for bad play calls just like the players on the field ..What B.S ..
He’s the Biden of baseball
The MLB has to tell him to purposely make horrendous calls to increase viewership or something. There’s no way he can be this consistently bad
How this guy is still employed is beyond me. It really is time to go to automated strike zones
If Angel Hernandez makes the umpires list for the playoffs, guaranteed he will not see the Philadelphia Phillies at all.
Angel Hernandez made the correct call. He's a good umpire. The only reason he gets criticized is because he's black.
I am considering starting a boycott online of supporting baseball sponsors until he is sent packing , this is unforgivable , he is horribly bad , do something mlb or us fans will stop supporting all of your sponsors
The Umps Union protects him
Insane that the MLB knows how terrible Angel is but he’s still allowed to keep his job
Someone should crowdfund a bribe for the Ump Union to ditch Angel.
Fire angel Hernandez !
Angel just making kiddos smile. Nothing else. Just kiddos.
When are WE going see Angel not an ump anymore?
Angel is great for the game. Baseball is boring without mistakes
Check swing is a judgment call from 90 feet away, wasn’t the worst thing Angel has done and not the terrible call everyone wants it to be, but Harper should be suspended for acting like a man child about the call not going his way.  Don’t want to get checked out, don’t start your swing, throw projectiles into the stands, automatic suspension.
So two things need to change here... maybe three... 1) Need to allow replays of half swings (especially in the post season.) 2) Homeplate umpire should be able to overrule 1st or 3rd base umps- or just don’t even allow 1st and 3rd to make the call. 3) Bring in AI😮
Fans should start a crowdfund to pay MLB to buy out his contract and just stop putting him out there.
Good. Harper is such a whiny baby.
Angel is the worst.
Angel should be reffing in the NFL. Seems like a better fit for the blind man.
(John 3:16,17) "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him should not perish, but should have eternal life. For God did not send His Son into the world to condemn the world, but that the world might be saved through Him." (Romans 10:9,10) "That if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your that God has raised Him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. For with the heart, man believeth unto righteousness and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation."
It's amazing how bad he actually is, it's insane
Harper sets such a great example for kids.
“Angel Hernandez is a standup guy”   -absolutely no one, ever.
I hate that ump as much as the next guy, but I feel like this wasn't the hill to die on for once.  It looked like it could go either way with that bat placement.  I do think it seems a bit more likely it didn't cross the plate than not, but that's a MUCH closer call than what Angel usually gets absolutely fucking wrong beyond a shadow of a doubt.  I can accept a little wiggle room on that one. Buuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuut, there's the fact that he's so shit at his job, even potentially good calls can get this reaction, so that says  a lot.  Boy who cried wolf one too many times and all. Edit: Okay, from the replay...no, it wasn't a swing.  Just BARELY, mind you, but it's not that ginormous a fuck-up like usual.  It still is a fuck-up, though, and the fact that basically no refs in any sport ever get punished for bad calls is insane.
Well at least Angel is good for one thing, content for jomboy lol
Should be selling Lady Kenmore’s.
I can't stand Bryce Harper.  He's the biggest prima donna in baseball.  HOWEVER.  I have to agree with him on this one.   Does Angel Hernandez have some dirty blackmail on the commissioner or something? How the heck has he been allowed to ruin baseball for as long as he has?
Somebody needs to find out why Angel Hernandez is innately unable to judge height, depth and side-to-side motion of a baseball and motion of a bat.
Angel is the WORST!!!
who else did this cost $$😭😭😭
The lack of accountability for these umps combined with how Angel LOVES to be the center of attention means this will continue to happen until the glorious day that he retires and the entirety of MLB and its fans breathes a collective sigh of relief.
Hernandez horrible how is he still employed....and is that how Mormons react😂
Fans should NEVER remember the name of an Umpire. Like, imo it just shows that they're bad enough to be identifiable. At that point, they should lose their job.
Do they require yearly eye exams for umpires?
quick question: is BH a big ol' baby? I see thumbnails of this dude complaining about unfair treatment every other week. is BH the Trump of baseball?
Angel is good for baseball and MLB knows it. Who else, including the players, gins up so much interest in the game?
And Harper signed it to boot. Harper turned a terrible call and ejection into making the kids year!  Its RED OCTOBER.  LETS GO PHILS!
This is why race and labor should never intermix.  Hernandez, by all accounts and  any measure is a terrible, probably the worst,  mlb umpire. Yet he is untouchable because of his race and the Union sure as heck isn't going to fire him.  I can't stand Harper, but he is 100% correct.  What a sweet gig this loser has.
Ok. Show me the rule and prove me wrong, but if a batter breaks the plane of any part of home plate with their bat is it not a swing?   ( admittedly a question from a former pitcher)
MLB needs to fire Angel Hernandez
Hernandez is just trolling everyone now, he can't even be serious with this garbage.
Angel is the worse umpire in baseball history
Angel Hernandez is the worst ump  in the game
When stuff like this is allowed over and over you just can’t take MLB seriously.
I watched this shit live and the first thing I thought after the helmet toss was I gotta see the jomboy breakdown lmao
Angel Hernandez:  Biggest Putz /Blind SOB in MLB!
The whole incident was so worth it with how it ended. That kid getting the helmet and getting it signed is so cool
And he still won’t be held accountable for his garbage performance.
Angel is actually a super genuine person. Great guy, unfortunately, bad at  the job.
He uses the race card against the MLB if i remember correctly. The MLB is avoiding a lawsuit I believe.
Angel is and has always been bad for baseball. He has had direct impacts on games and should have been fired years ago.
When will MLB finally send Angel packing?  When?
Angel should be fined a month's salary for every wrong call he makes.  He isn't good enough to ref in the Minors.  Those guys actually care about making good calls.
Didn’t he try and sue mlb for being racist?
This is the MLB's fault. How does he still have a job 😂
Angel Hernandez: “why am I not getting World Series assignments? I must be getting discriminated against!” Also Ángel Hernández:
Whenever I feel like I’m having a not so great day at work I just watch any random Angel Hernandez video and instantly feel better about myself.
Angel Hernandez has an iron clad deal with the devil to still, to this day, be making horrible calls time and time again. Or hes doing it on purpose.
Ahh, so this is what happens when an unstoppable tantrum meets an immovable idiot.
I actually don’t blame Angel, he has been empowered by MLB to be the shityist umpire in history with no consequences.  I mean why change?  It’s like the toxic employee that management won’t fire even though he makes everyone’s job more difficult.
Amazing. Two tools of the game squaring off against each other. Summer’s Eve should sponsor both of them.
Dude has no respect for authority
I respect the idea of unions but jesus fucking christ
I think teams should be able to challenge anything he calls and get extra challenges whenever Angel Hernandez is umpire.
As a Braves fan who HATES the Phillies, I feel compelled to say: Harper did NOT swing!  Angel made a terrible call.  If MLB is interested, I'd be willing to work for half Angel's salary.  It's not like I could do a worse job.
Angel is the worst umpire ever in the history of baseball!
Why does baseball still have umpires?
He's arguably the worst umpire in MLB history.  If not for his Union he woulda been fired so long ago
What makes the kid getting it even better is Harper ended up signing the helmet for him
Angel is the worst!
Angel Hernandez better have an altar in his house dedicated to the MLB Umpires Association that he prays to every night because with them, he would've been out of a job a looooong time ago.
MLB should fire Hernandez during the off-season. If the union wants to strike, then hire new Umps
How can Hernandez be so awful year after year and still be employed?! Hey MLB....ever hear the phrase "dismissed for cause"?!
How can Angel Hernandez show up to any MLB game with dignity at this point?    He is clearly the worst umpire (or official) in any major sport.  Only MLB would continue to employ this person who is so terrible at his job.   He is called out regularly by major networks, players, fans, and made fun of on vids like this with his apparent disregard for fair play.    It just makes you wonder how "fair" any MLB game is with this man on the field.  And the fact that MLB lets this continue year after year is beyond belief.   Maybe that's why their ratings continue to tank year after year.
Angel has never seen a single one of his games
I’m one of the few that actual doesn’t hate angel Hernandez. He didn’t graduate at the top of his class but I don’t hate him as an ump. And statistics say he isn’t the WORST umpire. That award goes to joe west or Culpa
Wouldn't it speed up pace of play if we just stopped using umpires? No bad calls, no grownups looking bad, and people can focus on the game
The only thing more egregious than Hernandez lousy calls is Harpers lousy attitude. When did being a jerk become encouraged? It seems appropriate that the player with arguably the worst attitude in baseball plays for a team whose fans are arguably the worst in all of sports.
Angel Hernandez must have some dirt on Manfred or something.
After he said “You swung.”, I thought Bryce was going to tee off on him.
Hey MLB how about giving Angel a consequence for once!!!
I mean it was clearly a check swing but was a bit close..and it’s Harper.
In order to be a good ump you have to GAS (give a shit) and Angel completely don't GAS
I don’t understand how players don’t start saying things so terrible Angel doesn’t react.
I grew up in Cincinnati watching the Reds in the 80s. Joe Morgan was one of the TV announcers and he said something that stuck with me my entire life. He said that in slow motion, all check swings look like a swing.  Well, Joe. I finally found one that doesn't.
The other members of the umps union want Angel to still be around....anytime they screw up, someone can just point out....well at least they're better than Angel.  He makes every single other union member look good by comparison.  They get rid of him, the title of worst falls on someone else.
Angel Hernandez must have dirt on someone to be this bad and still ump'ing a game.
Worst ump on the history of MLB. Angel is going to single handedly push MLB into going to AI umpires. He’s going to force all the umps out of a job.  If I were that bad at my job, I would go to a trade school and try to learn a trade. 😁
The should take Angela Hernandez out back and have ol' school chat n leave him back there and I'm sure anyone will agree to that after seeing how he is
When a game is over and most of the conversation is about how bad the refs/umpires were, you know it’s a shitty product. And there’s NEVER any accountability for them. It just shows that the people in charge don’t care about the sport. Fans pay to see the players not the umpires, and to see one of the league’s best players kicked out of the game because any thin skinned umpire because he feels like it? WTF? So the league thinks it’s more important for a tyrannical umpire to get his ego boosted than to watch a 100M player, just reinforces that the people running the league’s don’t care. It’s one of the reasons I stopped watches sports over a decade ago. Why would the NHL hire a guy to run the league, that hates hockey?
I not a baseball guy.... But i watch jomboy. - is angel there just for to liven up the game? I know it isn't the case....but dang if it doesn't fit.
Literally identical swings… Harp is content gold for Jomboy!
Why is he still an ump. His ass should get fined for blatant missed calls like this
This ruins baseball for me.
Angel may be garbage, but at least he’s consistently garbage
Angel Hernandez is the poster boy for why Unions can be horrible
That lousy  ump needs to go.
Harper's a wus throw him out!
#FIREANGELHERNANDEZ
Only a union member can be this bad and still have a job
Angel is so comically bad at what he does maybe he should run for President.
I always love Jomboy's fluent English.  😂😂😂😂😂
its genuinely infuriating that angel faces absolutely no consequences for his consistenly bad and blatantly wrong calls
How corrupt is MLB to keep the worst ump in history employed - he must have something on them that is really embarrassing or they would have gotten rid of him years ago - just sooo corrupt it is a disgrace
It was soo bad I had a braves fan on twitter take the Phillies side 😂😂😂😂
I actually met an umpire who is retired now and I asked him "hey so angel hernandez?" He just looks at me and was like "pretty consistent guy, not a compliment but he's consistent. He's a great guy off the field though" I also asked about the rotation the umps do and he said it goes from they rotate going from 3rd 2nd 1st Home. After calling pitches they're sent to 3rd as like an off day because almost nothing happens over there usually. Based of that Angel Hernandez had the easiest job for an ump that day and fucked up
Whats more pathetic in baseball is that these umps get to make such terrible calls and still get to eject anyone who stands up to them. And they are ruining the game.
Unstoppable force meets an immovable object. Any video with Harper and Hernandez is going to be a classic.
Bryce came back out to sign the helmet after the game
Angel is the worst in the league!
Another reason why I think Manfred the commissioner ought to be fired. He continues to allow this AH Hernandez to ruin the reputation of baseball officiating. Hernandez would have been gone years ago if he wasn't a minority!
Angel Hernandez, making sure little kids get souvenirs, since 2010!  I really don't know. I just figured that is what would be his slogan.
Time for the robots
Angel hernandez looks for his chance to blow a call. He gets off watching himself on espn and youtube getting lynched for his terrible work.
Angel Hernandez still fixing games from 3rd base.
I'm sure if every team went to the league and demanded that Angel is no longer able to ump, and they bring every single piece of bad umpiring he has done, then refuse to play if he is umpiring they could get him out of there.
Angel has dirt on MLB to why he’s still  Umping
Unions. Decent for the worker, terrible for everyone else
Angel is so bad at his job he could be the reason unions are extinct. To think he tried to sue the MLB for racism because of no promotions.
The second one was closer to a swing, but it still wasn't a swing.
Saw this in sports news this morning and was waiting at work to get home and see this video
Angel sucks but..... The rule is intent to swing not an actual swing. Did he intend to swing at that pitch? Yup. Is it a dumb rule? Yup
I'll be honest until I saw the side view i really thought he went... to me it seems weird to ask an ump 90 feet away from the plate if the batter went... seems like too much of a judgement call, i mean its clear from replay angel is wrong but live its hard to really tell...  thats not to say angel isn't a terrible ump... this one is just too close to me to really fault him... maybe bryce shouldn't have been tempted by the pitch that nearly hit the dirt?
Fire Angel. He's been terrible for years.
Fantastic analysis, as usual. Angel Hernandez is a classic narcissist who gets cheap thrills out of pushing these players' emotional buttons. He knows that these men are intense and competitive and loves to piss them off. Like Tony Montana got his endless supply of coke, Angel Hernandez is protected by the union and has a lifetime supply of emotional outbursts. All he will ever want. He is a bad umpire on purpose. Whatever.
Shame on MLB for tolerating this inept umpire.
What, Harper freeks out and loses his shit, no way, that doesn't sound like Harper. HA, Hernandez is trash, but any time something bad happens to Harper an angel gets it's wings and I smile.
Apparently anyone can be an MLB umpire, and now we know also that truly anyone can be president.
For those of us wondering: the reason Angel still has a job and will most likely ump in the postseason is because of the Umpire’s Union. Thank them for protecting trash.
I usually don’t comment on anything, but MLB needs to change the rule so that only the home plate umpire can throw out a player or manager.
Wow what a great call by the ump. I froze it at just the right time too
Angel umps for the kids.
Why do they allow him to be in games, I mean, this is not the first time, come on, is anybody watching this garbage?
Angel is terrible. But Bryce? Temper temper. Aaaaaand the Phillies lose. 😂
The endless content this bloke is able to provide. Angel making Jomboy a rich man.
MLB can and should fix this problem.  Bad calls should be overturned and umpires held accountable.
I think at this point they are just there to cause drama like for entertainment
He swung 😂
Welcome to the Angel Hernandez show everyone!
Why has hernandez NOT BEEN FIRED?? Is because of union or what?? The guy might just be worse than Eric Gregg. And THAT'S saying something!
In a chaotic world were life is fraught with unpredictability, the anxiety of trying to figure out what may come next, what possibility of danger may lurk on the horizon...in a way it's oddly comforting knowing how predictably awful Angel Hernandez is at Umpiring Baseball.  You can count on Angel game in and game out with screwing something up.  Angel blows a call, the Sun rises again in the morning.  Things you know you can depend on.  Okay, then.  I'll take that as comfort.
Angel Hernandez is Joe Biden of MLB
Bryce is at it again 😂
i doubt the catcher would have appealed to third if the umpire was not Angel Hernandez
Hes a good lip reader
Angel has the most impossible level of job security, who did he witness commit murder that's in charge of his employment?
I don’t know any other umpires names. He’s the only one I know. Why?
Lucifer Hernandez
Q:  What do you get when you cross the worst umpire in baseball with the biggest crybaby primadonna in baseball?   A:  A Jomboy video review!!   🤣😂
Is Angel Hernandez Spanish for Joe West?
I think he's doing it on purpose now, you can't be that bad
Clearly, it wasn’t a swing!
Once again Angle Hernandez strikes again
W angel
i love Harper.  game needs more hotheads.
Sell Angel Hernandez
Angel Hernandez is the worst umpire. It's not even close to how awful he is.
Bryce is dead wrong here. Angel will never see because Angel is friggin blind.
The side by side of the 2 swings is nice for comparison. Should've done an overlay of the 2 swings cause they're almost identical.
This was the ump for the Almando Gallaragah perfect game blunder right?!
This was the ump for the Almando Gallaragah perfect game blunder right?!
This was the ump for the Almando Gallaragah perfect game blunder right?!
I dont like Bryce Harper....but it wasnt even close. That WAS NOT a swing.
Bring on the robo ump
Umpires like this bum need to be removed! At the very least he should've asked the other umps for help. Instead the stars we pay to see gets tossed! Hurting the game MLB!
I was told long ago that if you check your swing you have to keep your wrist from bending.  His wrist was pretty bent... but that bat didn't come around near enough to get called a swing.  Hernandez being protected by a union is a joke.  The union should have kicked this guy out a long time ago!
Used to not like him, but Bryce has been growing on me putting these trash umps in their place
We need a breakdown on the Marlins/Mets suspended game! Skip had some words for the Mets grounds crew chief and the marlins broadcast called on jomboy to help us learn!!
What is funny is Angel told Bryce that he made the right call. Angel is the laughing stock of all umpires everywhere. I would be embarrassed if I was the union.
Maybe thry keep him around ao they can fine people???
I think Angel Hernandez did it to throw Bryce Harper out of the game. Harper fell for it. And the Pirates won.
MLB PSA: starring Angel Hernandez...(begin heart-tugging music) Kids of various ages stare into the camera, as Angel Hernandez stands in the center of them all...he walks towards the camera...now a close up of Angel...he removes his umpire mask...ah, there he is.  "Hello, I'm Angel Hernandez, I'm an MLB umpire. I love my job, and commitment to excellence is my goal, each and every time I step out on the diamond. These kids are fans of the game I love, and are too young to remember much, if any, of my extensive career. Ultimately, everytime I eject a player, my hope is, the player will give a kid something to remember them by, and although the players might be angry with me, these kids certainly appreciate my work. Who's your favorite player? With a little effort, a bad call here or there, I'm guessing I can find a reason, to eject your favorite player, and your kid, will thank me with a smile. See ya at the ballpark."
Angel sued mlb for discrimination 😂it’s because you are horrible at your job you are not put in meaningful games all la ws. We should never know an umps name
I don’t watch baseball, I only watch these Jomboy breakdowns and because of that my entire concept of a baseball game is just players getting mad at eachother over petty slights (like daring to swing on 3 and 0 or daring to celebrate hitting a home run?) and screaming at the officials.
My gawd. He needs fired
When you’re a batter as good as Harper you know if you went or not. He’s not gonna do all that if he wasn’t sure or not 😂
They both looked like swings to me. 🤷‍♂️
Cant they replace the umps with computers or AI?
If I was a player I'd refuse to play if Angel Hernandez was on the Ump crew
Hernandez must have one heck of a lawyer.  Guy is atrocious.
I get hyped every time Bryce gets ejected cuz jomboy has the best videos
At this point, I think Angel knows how bad his calls are and does them intentionally to troll us all because he can get away with it.
helmets off to angel hernandez supplying souvenirs for kids
Angel doesn't care about his poor umpiring and enjoys being a jerk about it...
I imagine if I ever met a baseball star in real life, I would be confused at their voice and how it doesn’t sound at all how I’ve been hearing it on this channel. That’s just how good Jomboy is at matching their exact language.
Angel is as bad as the Angels
How does harper think that getting tossed helps his team?? What a putz.
Angel has needed to go for year now. He’s a stain on the sport
How do you ruin a game from 3rd base? Kinda impressive
Quick acknowledgement of Harper's muscle memory. Looks damn near identical. I still remember him being 16 and hitting the furthesg ball in Tropicana field. (Baseball bat) he was always gonna be him
Harper missed out on a sick burn.  Hernández: you’ll see, you’ll see.  Harper: yeah, I’ll see, but you sure as hell will NEVER see because you NEVER SEE!!!
I think Angel is looking shoulder and hand position.
And it's still not even close to a top 10 worst Angel Hernandez call.
I actually like Angel Hernandez.  He is a professional entertainer and provides entertainment at an incredible level for all of us to witness.  Baseball wouldn't be as funny or entertaining without Angel.
Bryce is 100% on PEDs.
Really cool that Bryce signed the helmet and that later for the kid, that'll be something he'll remember his whole life.
Would anyone complain if Hernandez was fired?
Angel Hernandez making a  bad call? Never!!! 🙄
Don’t get all the fuss. I mean, by Angel’s standards, I think we can all agree that was a solid call.
The player's union should go after hernandez. He is garbage.
Clicked so fast the moment I saw angel's name 😂  Also I you didn't tell me that side by side was a side by side, I would've been wondering why you were playing the same video twice
What is wrong with MLB? Angel Hernandez among many other things.
The second one looks like he committed more.
fantastic report.  as usual.
Harper is right.
How has he held as an umpire all of these years? I mean Jesus christ.
Robot umps are on their way
How about changing the rules again to ban anyone named Angel Hernandez from umpiring in MLB?
Is this the same perfect game blowing umpire? If yes Manfred needs to retire.
I would say two terrible guys that deserve each other, but Angel is so terrible, no one deserves him, even whiny Bryce.
it's been so long since you'd done a video on angel, i was beginning to think he got better!
2023... Angel Hernandez is still gainfully employed
One of the very best at his job is thrown out of the game by the person who is the absolutely worst at his job. Makes sense.
Angel is of the worst umpires in the league. He’s so damn bad
Apparently, also, Bryce had the staff bring the helmet down to him so he could autograph it for the kid !
As a former NCAA umpire I can’t stand complacency! Guys like Angel Hernandez know they are essentially untouchable due to the collective bargaining agreement and the elite “ cliqueish “ atmosphere among the MLB umpire membership. He will never be held accountable for his poor calls ( especially regarding the strike zone), nor his standoffish attitude toward MLB players and managers. Of course, on the field no umpire is going to admit he was wrong to or missed a call, but in his case there just seems to be so many of them!
Really need to make umps accountable and have them do post game interviews when they mess something up this bad
He’s been the worst umpire in baseball for many years.  Worst of it is that he claimed “racism” when MLB didn’t give him the big games.  Absolutely soft, clueless, and pathetic.
I’m shocked.😅😅😅
Gotta say, Angel kept the emotions in check. While Harper was right, he was looks like a baby. He could still disagree but man what a baby.
how is this guy still an umpire.  the most outrageously bad ump at every position ... wtf. fire him 10yrs ago.
Bryce is way cooler than I thought.  He knew he was right and took his moment to make it clear.  Then he throws his helmet into the crowd to say to the fans, I'm just as pissed as yous guys, let's keep the show going!!
Ejecting Bryce Harper is Wrong
Angel making a kid happy is all it was.
One of the top reasons I hate baseball  is the lack of removing shitty umps like Angel.
Angel is just guessing
Next time Angel does his thing, I hope the player, whoever it is just shouts at him "This is exactly why you never get a job in the world series"
If i was this bad at my job people would be dying of food poising everyday lmfao
In fairness, Angel probably wasn’t paying attention in either case
Biggest baby arguing with worst umpire ever....the things that are wrong with baseball
Might have been a make up call.
Man I would enjoy being Angel Hernandez. Getting to troll Bryce Harper into getting himself ejected in the 3rd inning? Sounds pretty fun.
I get that Angel Hernandez blew the call but where did these players learn to disrespect the umps like this?  This would never happen back in the day
Serious anger management issues.
Angel Hernandez is sooooo bad even non-baseball fans know his name.  😂😂😂
Yet another example of a union protecting the job of an incompetent individual.....
Yes, Angel Hernandez is the worst umpire on the planet. Yes, this is a terrible call. BUT... this is also a terrible rule. MLB has no clear definition of what a swing or "attempt to swing" actually is, which definitely needs to be fixed
Thx Jomboy, I have to play catch up from the other side of the pond so appreciate your break downs.
And remember: If you call out Angel Hernandez for being bad, you're a racist
Bryce Harper: "You're actually the one that's gonna see".     Sorry Bryce, you're gonna lose that battle.  Angel has been blind for years.
Angel Hernandez is the best umpire in the majors, just ask him he'll tell you.
The ironic thing is that Angel is actually a nice guy, but he really needs to retire from umpiring.
Love these breakdowns. Angel Hernandez has been single handedly ruining games for years. Guy has to have mental issues.
Your done
Why does the worst employee still have a job? Somewhere there is a minor league ump doing a great job hoping one day to make the big leagues. MLB is fuckin weird.
I am in a performance-based sales position where if I have a month 20% worse than my best month I'd be unceremoniously canned. yet this guy can make his profession a effing joke and get's "mandatory" raises and a pension.
Absolutely the worst umpire in mlb
you think sometimes he zones out and starts thinking about a sports car and then he comes back from his reverie to somebody asking him for a call and hes like "yea sure he swung, fuck it, i told him no last time, its only fair"
Wait Mormons can swear?
Hernandez  is  the  worst umpire in the major league!!
And then MLB wonders why it is losing fans. Well, take a look at the umps you continue to allow to rob its owners, players and fans of their money watching a joke of umpiring.
At least they put Angel on third where he can do the least damage lol
How's he still employed..Thee worst umpire ever
Harper acts like a child constantly. He's a horrible role model.
wow what a great video !<3 thank you JomboyMedia
The kid got a helmet?! That's un heard of! Balls and bats maybe even batting gloves but a helmet? Amazing! That kid became the coolest kid in his school.
Duuuude haha how is this guy still an ump? There should be an Angel hernandez compilation of bad calls 😂😂😂
Harper is an entertainer as well throwing helmets into the stands, riling up the crowd 😂😂
how does angel hernandez keep his job 😂
As a baseball fan,  ah that was not a swing ! They have a thing with Harper !! Awesome souvenir for the little guy  though 👍 !!
Angel is just consistently bad.
Angel is just guessing out there at this point
Anytime harper takes his helmet off, I don’t listen to him.
That was great, Jomboy. Thank you for this breakdown.
Not many better examples of how unions protect garbage employees.
I wonder if this guy has neighbors and if so, what they think of him?
Why do the players (and fans) continually have to put up with that dude....especially behind the plate?
He should be held in court for how bad he robs people with bad calls . It doesn’t matter what position you put him in he sucks and blows calls time and time and time and double time again
Not sure that kid being happy justifies Angel Hernandez having a job. He is currently the worst thing about baseball. Say what you want about the various rules implemented over the last few years, they are at least applied to every team. Angel can only be at one ball field a day and he gets to make decisions that impact the outcome of those games with impunity. What the actual hell!?
Regardless of how questionable the call was, Bryce accomplished nothing but getting himself ejected and hurting his team.
Harper is bad for baseball. He is playing a game and behaves that way.
Are we just gonna pretend that Mom isn’t smoking hot? Wow
I don’t even care for Bryce but thank him for his work
Do one about the Marlins rain delay fiasco. I want know what Skip was yelling. 😂
Christ those plays look like a mirror. The pitch location and type and the Waldo kid in the background.
So that absolves you from acting like a complete idiot at the plate?  People that baseball player should get a grip.
LOL Angel is such a menace... Dude thinks that all the people in the stadium are there to watch him ump...
Ill side with Angel on this, he swung and is mad so he throws a tantrum like a child or your GF when they get caught
No matter where you put this fool, he always find ways to blow a call. The league should consider putting him on THE   OUTFIELD NOSE BLEED SECTIONS ON THE LAST ROW UNDERNEATH A RAIN GUTTER AND CHAINED TO A LIGHTNING POLE ON A SEVERE THUNDER STORM and maybe he'll finally make a good call.
The kid who got the helmet is the only person who likes Angel Hernandez.
I think Hernandez makes the worst calls just so he can be the center of attention. MLB needs to fight the next contract with the umpires to allow them to fire the very worst umpire every season. So far that's been Hernandez since forever.
Whatever Angel gets paid is WAY too much
WE THE BROWN DELEGATE WANT TO REMIND YOU ALL THAT WE HAVEN’T CLAIMED THIS HORRIBLE UMP OVER A DECADE!!!!!!!
The smirk on his face is disgusting
Boo-hoo, rich jock, go home and count your money
He did the same thing to Schwarber with that horrible strike zone last year. He is by far the worst umpire I have ever seen to date.
Bryce was originally going to pick up the ball and throw it right down the third base line at Angel’s head, but decided against it because he would have called it a strike
The Broadcast nailed it.  Its almost 100% of the time he is on the field behind the bases or plate that there is an issue.
Finally, a Bryce Harper meltdown even I can get behind
Bryce harper only gets highlights when he does this
Bryce also signed the helmet after the game too.
Goddamn the umpires union, the only union worth busting
MLB needs to toss Angle Hernandez out! He is the worst umpire the league has ever seen. How does he keep his job???
Jomboy a master at lip reading like Luke is a master of the lightsaber.
Angel Hernandez is why I won't even entertain watching baseball.
“If Angel Hernandez isn’t this bad an umpire, this kid wouldn’t be that happy” 😂 💀
Cool to see that Bryce doubled down in interviews and isn’t afraid of getting a fine for saying whats right. It’s even cooler that he signed the helmet for the kid
I know he’s always been bad but he needs to be investigated for this. After the legendary Schwarber moment, he’s got something against the Phillies specifically and it’s obvious.
Brutal
God I hope they Disinfected that helmet before they put That sweated up piece of rubber and Plastic on his head
Bryce wasn't wrong. Angel Hernandez is terrible.
As a casual baseball fan, the fact that I know Angel Hernandez's name is a telling indicator of his umping performance.  And to think that there are some amazing MLB umps that no one ever talks about and that get no credit ever. Shame
Wow a HELMET. Never seen that. 🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🌈🇺🇲
I love this empire so much for the content
If MLB wants to have any credibility they need to fire Angel Hernandez and screw the racist lawsuit he brings and hope the judge watches baseball. This guy is just so incompetent and vindictive. His termination is long overdue. Joe West was a dick but his calls were among, if not, the best. Umpires like him will expedite robo umps and ultimately cost jobs and careers.
I'm waiting for someone with clout like Bryce to tell Angel that they make 300 million because they're good at what they do and he had a ruling in a court of law that he sucks at what he does and wouldn't have a job if it weren't for the union
how is he still an ump??? He is horrible?
How is he umping in the MLB.
MLB doesn’t care how bad he is.
why the mlb umpires doesnt fired that man? hes made like 1000 mistakes
The only reason why he is still an umpire is because he used the race card a few years ago when he knew he was gonna be gone.
You can thank the MLB Umpires Association. I’m sure its nice to have them if you’re an ump but the irony is that because the association keeps umpires like Angel around, it only strengthens the argument for Robo-Umps. So the Union may actually be putting umpires out of jobs.
None of this is surpring. Damn
Aren't the MLB umpires in a union?  I haven't seen Hernandez behind the plate for some time.  Maybe they feel like they can't oust him but can keep him from making the strikes and ball calls.
No way either of those were swings. The barrel of the bat didn't cross the plate, nor did the wrists turn which is sometimes what an ump looks for to be a swing. By all the things an Ump looks for to see if something is a swing Bryce Harper did not swing.
1:57 How is that not a strike? Harper clearly swung at both. Angel is usually terrible but not on the last call. Harper signs the helmet for the kid after the game to be the hero? He lost his temper yet again while playing a game because the call didn't go his way, yelled a bunch of f-bombs, stormed all the way to third to get in an officials face, called him crap, had to be restrained, got ejected, and tossed a helmet into the crowd. Choose your heroes carefully little guy.
two of my least favorite people in baseball, Harper and Hernandez.  Hernandez only has a job because of DEI.
they have to get rid of angel unless he does this to stir the pot at the mlb's directive. he is horrible.
Angel Hernandez in post season form already. Just wait until the playoffs this isn't even peak Angel yet.
Angel doesn't belong anywhere near a MLB game.
I truly wonder if Angel is in deep denial about his calls or just doesn’t care.
Nobody is perfect but B.Harper was VIOLENT and this is without excuse .
How long would a player get suspended for if the punched an ump in the face???  Definitely WORTH IT!
Angel Hernandez is a diversity hire. Everyone knows it, but nobody in sports media has the balls to say it.
Does AH pull this kinda stunt for attention?
saw this live and said "i hope jomboy breaks this down"
It’s ridiculous bs like this that has me surprised that no player in any sport has ever punched an official. It’s a damn good thing I’m not in sports.
Say it with me, "The.MLB.IS.RIGGED." Angel Hernandez is a perfect example of that fact. That's why he still has a job. They know he can bring drama and attention. They don't give af about the game.
That's great that a little kid got the helmet. Angel missed the call but kept calm about it.
Angel Hernandez is the poster child of why we need robo umps.  Angel Hernandez is the poster child of why having too much job security can be a problem.  Angel Hernandez is the poster child of what happens when unions go unchecked.
What a quote to end it lol 😂
Can't they force Angel into retirement? Give the dude an awesome golden handshake and send him on his way.
Dont worry the MLB is gonna hold Angel accountable. OHHHH WAIT........................
That was a short hook. Literally said one word and he kicked him out.
That fact that Angel Hernandez is still employed says all you need to know about unions. Just disgusting that unions protect horrible employees and everyone has to deal with the consequences.
The fact that angel hernandez still has a job in mlb after years of incompetence is astounding.  Why has this been allowed to go on???
Angel said "You swung" like a kid in a play who was getting his line from offstage.
Holy shit the comparison lmao
Angel Hernandez making bad calls at the plate even at 3rd base.
betting suspicion
If I started a swing like this at you but stopped just before it hit you would you be mad and ask "Why did you swing that at me?" And I just said "I didn't swing the bat at you what are you talking about?" Don't think you would like it and argue it was a swing. This game is so dumb, the rules mean nothing because of Umpires. You can swing a bat but it not be a strike cause you knew you were going to miss so you pull it back(Stopping a swing still means you swung). It slow and boring cause your just watching dudes stand around for 4 hours only really playing for one of it. Jomboy makes it funny but the game is just so dumb, only basketball is worse.
Angel must have to ice his knees after every game.
How many good games has this umpire ruined
Why can't they fire him? Honest question.   If due to some union contract reasons, then why can't they send him away from majors and stick him in indiana or some god awful place?
Angel Hernandez angling toward enforced retirement.
He ain’t wrong, Hernandez is horrible.
That’s a terrible call
Ok First I can't stand Harper.  He's a prima donna in high heels.  Whines just about everything and thinks he's a legend in his own mind but on this one,  he is spot on.  Hernandez is asleep at the wheel on most  games and he hosed harper with this call.  So I gotta side with harper on this particular  play
Pretty sure Angel is kept around for the sole purpose of setting the curve for the average mediocre umpire. Dude is unbelievably bad
Every story has a silver lining. 😃 Kid will never forget it.
I wouldn't trust Angel Hernandez to umpire a tee-ball game.
Lol I was at the game and my goodness everyone in my section was hoping we'd clock Angel in the face with a line drive each time phils were up to bat. Fuck this ump.
How can this man still be a umpire.
MLB marketing will assassinate someone if Angel Hernandez is canned. His idiocy is worth millions of dollars of tuned in hatred to watch ads.
Why is that a job for a human to call? Isnt there a replay ability to make sure calls are correct and accurate?
Who is worse:  Angel Hernandez for MLB or Marc Curles for SEC?
I can't believe he's still an ump insanity
So a player is called out on a questionable, non-reviewable call, and instead of simply returning to the dugout, he goes ballistic and gets himself ejected.  The fans applaud the jacka** Harper who’s just delayed the game, hurt the team, and given the wrong message to every child watching.  It hardly matters that the umpire might have made the wrong call, because umpires aren’t perfect—who is?  A player is an all-star if he fails seven of ten times at the plate, yet an umpire is the scum of the Earth is he fails once in a while.  The standards are way out of whack.
I fought angel was let go.  What a joke
angel hernandez is everything wrong with unions
We should all strive to find a way to have the kind of job security Angel Hernandez has...I mean, it'd be the death of society if we all did, but
He should’ve grabbed angels hat and dumped it in the trash. I mean he’s gonna get fined anyway
I was really confused at first. I thought Angel was behind the plate and was amazed that he got 5 ball/strike calls in a row correctly. But oh, hes at 3rd. That makes more sense.
Is Angel Hernandez a bad umpire? Yes. Is Bryce Harper an entitled jerk? Also yes
How did Angel become a MLB ump in the first place?
Awesome breakdwn!...love it!
I watched the Phillies game and once I saw this happen, I thought "Can't wait to hear Jomboy's vid on this" ;)
He is single handedly ruining the sport
Very progressive of the MLB to let a blind man like Angel be an ump
There’s always a gray area when it comes to check swings.  This wasn’t even close to that gray area.  Angel Hernandez is a satirical version of an umpire
How is Angel Hernandez still an umpire!?!
When are you doing the foul tip-passed ball in the Cubs-Braves game the other night that got Snitker tossed and gave the Cubs a freebie?
Cry harder Bryce
Even Ruben Amaro said when he was playing and angel was behind the plate a ball bounced in the dirt and Hernandez called a strike lol
It’s usually comical how people in the comment sections think they can do a better job than a professional..Angel Hernandez is the one time it’s true.
Example #798,876,354 why Angel hernandez has no business Umping in the MLB.  I wouldn't let him Ump my Kids Little League game... PATHETIC!!!
All the comments are exaggerating how bad at 3rd he is: he is really really good at balks
Good point at the end. Bryce Harper hates kids confirmed.
Peopled used to defend Angel saying he was a terrible ump behind the plate but a good field umpire. He’s just awful all around now. I dont understand how the union keeps protecting him. Them protecting garbage umpires is what will lead to none of them having a job and we get robo umps.
Honestly can't believe the MLB still lets this guy do anything on the field, he's proven time and time again that he clearly either doesn't understand the rules of the game, can't see well enough to get the call right, or is just doing it to piss players off. Absolutely terrible awful call
Nothing was more satisfying than the Nationals winning it all after he left town
What can we, as fans, do to get Angel fired?  Enough is enough....
He should’ve been named “Demon” Hernandez.
Can you imagine the umpires coming home from work? "How was work?" .... "oh, Angel messed up again"
As someone who knows very little about the MLB and am a super casual fan. All I know about this dude, is that he is generationally talented when it comes to being bad. It's literally all I ever hear about the dude lmfao people like this being employed is just insane to me.
I dont like when Hernandez said youll see youll see that sounds bad for the phils he holding a grudge
I would argue that on the swing before that, bryce was closer to a full swing than on the last one   Shit umpire. He needs to go
Harper is such a child. lool
He swung
Fired but will claim racusm
So bad.
AH needs to go And not talking about hitler
It's not nice to pick on blind people
I had to check the date because I thought this video had happened already.
How does Hernandez still have a job?
The silver lining at the end LMFAO
Angel flips a coin, worst umpire to EVER do it!
How has MLB done nothing about this man? We're to a point now that literally nobody is arguing against him being a terrible umpire. These calls aren't even close.
Hate the phillies but that was a BS call by a BS ump.
Can you imagine being this bad at your job and keeping it, with no consequences.
"Pretty identical" doesn't even cut it lol. Those swings are seriously remarkably identical.
Bring on the robot umps!!!
Don't get me wrong I 100% support unions, but we gotta find a way so they can't keep protecting people who really should not be protected. People have been calling him the worst for literal decades, and when he messes up it actually matters at this level. There are so many great umpires at lower levels who will never get a chance because people like Angel just hog the job forever all the while ruining it for the players and fans, and there's nothing anyone can do about it. Literally no one but Angel benefits from it
Strikeout!!!!!
The absolute worst umpire in the history of baseball. Period
Hernandez ruins baseball. Signed every fan, player, and coach in the country.
Imagine being the absolute worst person to ever do your job in history and still being employed. I'm so fucking sick of umps having complete immunity and never facing any repercussions for sucking at their job.
Angel does this to get on JOMBOY, that tricky Angel!
Watched this happen live last night while bowling and while I was lip reading it in my head I heard your voice 😂
“ You Swung” that’s my new tattoo.😂
Bad  umpire
Harper should have hit him and forced the point
Terrible umpiring like this with zero repercussions from MLB is yet another reason why I’ve only watched 2 games this year. Awful
Angel Hernandez is a baseball legend and hero. He will go down in history as the reason why MLB went to camera/computer called balls and strikes.
You know Angel “do not suggest me this video”’d this one
Angel Hernandez is the single biggest reason there needs to be public accountability for umpires, this guy is just brutal!
I’m just starting so you may discuss this but there’s one point where the camera picks up Harper yelling “you’re the worst ump in the league”
It’s amazing how condescending Angel can be when he’s wrong.
Good call Angel Hernandez,   he did swing!!!
As much as I hate Angel Hernandez, there's nothing in the rules about the mythical "breaking the wrist", etc. It's a swing if the umpire thinks you meant to swing at it. That's it.   There's nothing about breaking the wrist, have the bat go past 90 degrees, etc
Why is that guy still umpiring?
That’s a terrible call. They need to fire him.
Worst part of MLB is this ump
Angel Hernandez will be the primary reason umpires will be replaced with robotics.
Notice how James Hoy let Harper go up there and give Hernandez the business? I love it.  Even the other umps hate Angel.
Mormons get angry too!
Bryce also later signed the helmet for that kid. Such a cool thing to do.
It's not a “bad call” when the enforcement is subjective. Just because YOU wouldn't have called it a swing doesn't make the call “bad.”
Angel Hernandez is so bad he is probably going to be a U.S. Senator soon.
MLB definitely have to do something about this guy,  and others as well making terrible calls, there seems to be no consequences, no fines, no suspensions not even sending them to the minors if it exists and the teams and players have to live with the outcome of their calls, just pathetic and bad for the game!
No swing.  Angel still awful.
Seriously the mlb umpiring needs to amend their laws so they can fire this 🔥 garbage.
Seriously the mlb umpiring needs to amend their laws so they can fire this 🔥 garbage.
I think at this point Angel is just guessing every call
Fire him already. He has to be the lowest rated ump in all of baseball. Little league umps are better than heim
God bless Angel Hernandez🤟
Too bad Jon Papelbon wasn't the 3rd Base Umpire!! LOL! #TheDCStrangler
I mean he kind of makes the game more interesting in his own way. Just sucks when he screws over your bet
Alternate title: Angel Hernandez makes a young baseballs fan’s day by getting him Bryce Harper’s helmet. 😇 lol
“Angel Hernandez is such a weirdo”😂 I was dying when Jomboy said that
If Angel didn't do what he did the kid wouldn't have gotten a helmet
Angel Hernandez flat out sucks at his job
Great job by Angel Hernandez for getting that kid an MLB helmet.  I mean these baseball fans just don't understand that some things are bigger than baseball.  Kids happiness > good calls = dreams coming true. #myguardianhernandez
I mean as he should it’s like Angel is betting his game checks
Why they let angel Hernandez umpire I’ll never know. Worse I’ve ever seen
So you can say “fuck” on YouTube videos but you can’t put it on your subtitles 🤡 smh 🤦🏻‍♂️ 🙄 😒
can god do us a favor and take this man in his sleep, dudes the worst
I think he breaks his wrists in the second one no ?
This guy is being paid to be this bad by people wanting to make AI umpires. Im not joking. This level of bad is wiilful
Only been watching baseball closely for 2 seasons now - please tell me Hernandez doesnt ump in the playoffs or WS?
Angel strikes again!
again...
Angel is proof of union protection. They must have a umpires union? Thats the only way this fool still has a job.
Angel is just in it for the kids. That's all. It isn't bad umpiring, it's a community service opportunity. That's so thoughtful. Hey, what if he goes into community service full time? Maximize it!
I love Bryce lol
This episode of "Angel Hernadez" is brought to you by...
When is someone going to get really personal with Angel? Either some "just retire already" kind of stuff, or maybe some "Wow, I should sue the MLB for how bad that call was, but I'd probably lose just like you did." kind of comments. Towards the end of the year here, a team that's clinched could really twist the knife with a "Well, we're headed to the playoff, unlike you..."
This brings me so much joy
Hernandez must have some serious dirt on someone. How he still has a job is beyond me.
Angel gives hope to all who are just terrible at their job.😂
oh jomboy. you really are a treasure. "if angel hernandez wasn't so bad at being an umpire, this kid isn't that happy." 😅 priceless. 😂
Can we make eye tests mandatory for umps?
Angel Hernandez made a bad call ??? No way ??? Lol No Angel, you'll see !
He wonders why he isn't assigned any post season games.
You got to wonder if Angel has ever turned on the internet in his life
Angel Hernandez is a joke of an umpire!
Angel needs to take a line drive to the face
Angel Hernandez would have called Stephen A. Smiths ceremonial first pitch a strike.
I have never seen 2 check swings identical like that before.
Angel isn’t American and should be deported. The reason he is allowed to have a job is because he’s Mexican.
The worst umpire ever...how embarrassing for the ump's union
Angel Hernandez strikes again. If he was a player he would be sent down to the minor leagues...they should do the same thing with the umps.
Angel cares about the kids 🙏
Sad part is he seems like a nice guy. He just needs some glasses
Hernandez is the Joe Biden of Umps
The Union needs to make an amendment to any rule that states, an umpire can not and will never get fired for any performance based infractions... It is sooo well documented how truly bad or inconsistent Angel is and has been.  Look up his behind the plate accuracy.... he's well below the avg. We have umpires with perfect scores behind the plate, some missing 2 maybe 3 ball strikes a game. Oh not Angel.. I've seen 13, 17 misses of ball and strikes a game. He changes the hitters approach to the plate all the time . 2 strike count, you better be hacking .. up .. down ... off either corner 2 and 3 ball widths ..  I've umpired little league games and be upset with myself from missing 2 or 3 calls behind the dish... He's Terrible...  To stay compliant with you tube guide lines, "Terrible"😮
#RobotUmps2025
Was at this game, saw this call while getting food and just screamed “FUCK YOU HERNANDEZ” so loud I think some mom just glared at me immediately after 😂😅
The MLB and the Umpire Union needs to figure out how to punish these Umpires and hold them to standards before their jobs become automated.
Hernandez has TO GO!!
please delete umpires
Angel does it for the kids!
How Major League Baseball can roll this clown out game after game and want to be a respected major North American sports league smfh well at least they don’t let him ump playoff / World Series games
The control umpires have over the result of a game needs to be offset by detailed performance audits and fines and suspensions for poor performance.
This happened to Schwarber last year with Angel...............
say it with me... "professional sports are rigged and are a form of entertainment"
Angel Hernandez needs his own Jomboy Playlist. All the stuff he is messing up is ridiculous and I still don‘t get, why he can be an ump on a professional level.
Die hard braves fan here and have absolute distain for the phillies but bryce harper has my full respect and has become one of my favorite players.. I love his passion and tenacity for the game... hope he wins a ring but not with the phillies lol I'm conflicted 😅
put angel hernandez as the outfield umpire
Lol holy shit these side by sides are soooo good
Greatest uni's in the HISTORY of baseball and it's not even close
How is the title of this video not, "Harper Yeets Helmet Into the Crowd, Makes Kid's Day"?
Bright spot by Jomboy, if Angel isn't that bad of an umpire, that kid who got Bryce's helmet wouldn't have been that happy 😂
You’d think he’d get his eyes checked by this point, senile much Angel?
Phillie axe to grind.
Hernandez is a poor excuse of a Ref...
Players need to start a rival league because the MLB dgaf.
I still don't understand how Angel is allowed to umpire. Only umpire names I know are Angel and Laz Diaz, cuz they both suck. I don't know any other umpire names cuz they're good at what they do.
Angel is one of the worst umps ever.
Angel is historically bad
Bryce did not swing! An what a turn out for the young man!! Hold on to that helmet kid!!
If anyone makes me side with clown boy, it's Devil Hernandez.
Only Angel can can create a baseball memory that kid will never forget while at the same time proving what a disgrace he is to the game
It's painful to agree with Harper. Angel did this to me.
What is preventing them from using replays to check the umpires more frequently?
Angel is the worst ump & Harper is the biggest jerk. Nobody wins here except the kid with the helmet. Angel should be fired and Harper needs an attitude adjustment behind the bleachers
"Angel Hernandez is such a weirdo" 😂🤣
There's a reason they don't let Angel Hernandez ump in playoff games. He's trash.
The Union is strong with Angel!
If we would FIRE GARBAGE UMPS LIKE THIS, we wouldn't be in this situation. He shoulda been shit canned YEARS ago!!
does angel stink? yes. should the mlb still be using 1st and 3rd base umps for check swings? fuck no. so easy to use the cameras for it, like wtf
Does Angel Hernandez even ump? I see him at the games but he's not umping
I love watching Bryce make a complete mess of himself. Angel Hernandez is awful, and so is Bryce.
Incredible stuff, as always lmao
angel hernandez gives the opposite call to someone on the pirates the very next inning and gets booed lmao
2:55 We have found the first baseball fan that's happy about Angel Hernandez's umpiring.
Good thing he didn’t spell out “fu*k” 😂
Angel cries racism for why they won’t let him do the World Series, but it’s crap calls like these that are holding him back. Worst umpire in MLB
How about MLB needs to get rid of him. He is bad for baseball.
Angel Hernadez: the Dianne Feinstein of MLB.   RETIRE ALREADY!
Angel Hernandez is the worst thing to happen to baseball since sliced bread. Wait that’s not how it goes 😢
Someone get that guy in the sweater on the front row some mittens.
There’s a petition online to fire Angel if ya’ll want to go sign it lol
Man those Phillies unis are gorgeous.
I keep waiting for a player or manager to tell Angel  something along the lines of how everyone, all the players, all the fans hate him and EVERYONE thinks he sucks.
Baseball 😂
What a silver lining ending, Jimmy 😊
Angel being Angel
Hernandez is the WORST umpire in the ALL OF BASEBAL.
MLB: We’ll put Angel at third, he can’t possibly fuck things up too badly over there and oh for fuck’s sake!
Think they'll make those appeals reviewable?
identical you nailed it
Bryce should’ve said “no you’ll see the replay how shit you are”
I'm always here for some good Ole angel bashing
At what point does MLB say "enough is enough"???  Is the thinking here that Angel Hernandez is so incompetent that we don't want him doing something else where his incompetence might get someone hurt?  Are we worried about Angel Hernandez the Uber driver crashing into people, or Angel Hernandez the fire fighter burning the place down?? If that is the case, ship him off to being an ump in the Carolina League.
There's going to be a day when someones going to beat Hernandez's ass
He’s throwing calls on purpose to throw the MLB data out of wack for not letting him umpire in a World Series.😂He so bad that took the MLB to court and he fucked that call up too…Strike three Angel Hernandez!😂
That point you made at the end was so astute. Thank God and bless Angel for sucking at his job. His incompetence created pure joy.
His earlier repsonse to being criticized and held back from umping playoff games was that the MLB was racist against Hispanics. Which is clearly evident in the lack of Hispanic representation in the MLB. What a tool!
They look EXACTLY THE SAME
Angel is really the absolute worst! MLB is a joke for still employing him…. Proves it’s entertainment and nothing more.
lol it wasn’t even close!
MLB has to buck the umpire's union and fire Hernandez and C.B. Buckner too. If the whole union wants to go on strike over those two jokers, let them. I'll f-ing umpire
Angel needs to be tossed permanently.
Good for that kid, what a souvenir
The fact Angel still has a job shows you how much of a boys club it is
"You're actually the one who's gonna see!" hahaha love you, Jomboy
Why is Angel still in MLB?
Angel does make a helluva devil.
That guy is not watching the same game everyone else is. How is he an umpire when he’s that damn terrible? Almost everyone else in America would be fired for piss poor performances but not him.
Two things that’ll never change; Bryce Harper arguing a call, and Angel Hernandez making bad calls
meanwhile Bryce is reading all of our comments and watching the video, love it
I'm admittedly a baseball casual, so maybe this is a rookie question: since this dude seems to suck at his job, can't he be fired for sucking at his job?   Love the vids bro... lip reading game is tight
Angel Hernandez should ump little league games where parents can get to him.
How is this guy still an umpire?  Don't the other umpires have have a way to get rid of him?
trash call.  agree with Harper
I love unions..except for police officers and umpires having them lol
If you isolate bryce in both of those side by sides you could claim they are the same motion.
Angel Hernandez--worse than last time.
The power of a union, y'all.
angel hernandez is the worst
No
Why hasn't the the department of Justice be investigating the umpires throwing games?
The umpires union got too be the best union this MF getting away with wit the worst calls wit no reprecations
Spic priveledge
So many ball players complain about him, who evaluates the umpires & makes decisions about hiring and firing?
I don't watch baseball and I'm reasonably certain I could do a better job than Angel
You really can’t put angel hernandez anywhere without screwing up a game
Right or wrong call,  the player's abusive behavior would never be tolerated in other professions. You'd be fired for sure.
Terrible call , piss poor ump .
The union needs to take a stance against incompetence. Angel needs to be disciplined. Guy needs to be let go. Or at least put on probation.
Give Angel Hernandez some credit for his continued dedication to being the worst baseball umpire of all time.
Your twist at the end makes me glad Harper got ejected. Harper also signed it for the kid.
Of course it was Angel Hernandez
If MLB fired him he would claim because he is a Latino and not because he is the worst umpire in baseball history.. only reason he has a job still because MLB doesn't want a PR nightmare lol
Your twist at the end makes me glad Harper got ejected. Harper also signed it for the kid.
That umpire should be fired after that pathetic call....and I'm the farthest thing from being a Phillies fan.....that was terrible!
It’s uncool of you guys to insult Angel Hernandez. After all, he is handicapped. He is legally blind.
At this point they're just keeping him around as a news bite.
hey want to say that yes angel hernandez is a bad umpire... but that there he was indeed following the rule to the t. in the official rule book there is no rule stating that an official swing the bat has to pass the plate to count. it is under the umpire discretion on if he swung or not. now if the umpires discussed this before the game and hernandez made this call then yeah boo hernandez but other than that he did what the rule book stated.  p.s. for all that will reply to me stating that it is a rule, yes it is a "unwritten rule" not an official rule. there is a difference
Angel is a devil of an ump. Bryce does not pull out that colorful language for just anyone. Hope the Phillies do not get him for an ump in the playoffs.
Jomboy must have dirt on the MLB. He's blackmailing them to ensure Angel keeps his job so that he has an endless source of content like this.
There’s no way Angel Hernandez loves his job. Just quit my guy. You can’t love the job when this many people hate you and give you shit all the time..
What is MLB doing. Union or no Union. Fire his ass, let the union sue. Good luck with that.
Honestly looks more likely that he would’ve called swing on the first one.
For the record, on the first check swing, the pitcher points to third to appeal, but it was the home plate umpire that called no swing. By rule, it is the HP ump's call to make, and it's only their appeal to the base umpire that matters. The pitcher 100% was like, "Angel Hernandez is over there, so let's have HIM make the call when it's probably not a swing."
Hope that kid got that helmet signed thats awesome
Clearly a strike, good job ump!😅😅😅
Angel bets on FanDuel
Does Angel actually get to see after the game? He’s so confident. He needs to know he screwed up and be a man and own up to his many many many errors.
Why is Angel Hernandez even still an ump at this point?!?  He is horrible and should have been fired 10 years ago!
How does angel hernandez still have a job😂
Why is Angel Hernandez still in my life...in ANY of our lives?
Without Angel in there Vegas would lose.
Not a big Bryce fan but I 100% agree with him on this.  Angel Hernandez is a joke.
No swing!  Own it!
This is why I don't watch baseball much. Rng sport with the calls.
That kid getting the helmet is amazing!!!! Angel turdnadez is not.
Angel Hernandez is so bad he can still screw up a call at the plate from third base.
You gotta hand it to Angel, he’s really out here trying to be the worst official across all professional sports
Bryce Harper:  “Why Don’t You Just Quit, Old Man?!” Angel:  “Because I Got Nowhere Else To GOOOO!!! 🥺😫😭😭😭😭
"he made the little kid happy by being bad so he deserves a raise" -Robert Manfred, probably
I don't know much about baseball. I don't really follow the sport apart from the odd youtube video. But I know for a fact that Angel Hernandez if fucking terrible. His incompetence transcends the sport.
i came here for the lip reading - now i can start my day happy
I don’t get it I understand it’s a union thing but if your bad at your job for years then idk why keep the guy around he’s useless
Angel Hernandez was, is, and shall remain the worst umpire in MLB until he's finally removed once and for all.
Can't two teams just take a bullet and refused to play when he's going to ump. But honestly all teams should just ban together.
And then bryce went out of his way to sign it for the kid. Braves fan here but that's a massive w
I would love to hear, "You, [insert name], are the Angel Hernandez of [insert field]!", be used as an insult at some point. For example, "You, Angel Hernandez, are the Angel Hernandez of umpiring!"
MLBUA - the only job in the world that rewards being terrible at your job.
MLB has a  lack of discipline and unwillingness to even call out Angel. They don't  hold him accountable for some of the extremely bad calls he makes when he is behind the plate, is just pathetic. you would except MLB to hold angel accountable  because you need your umps to be damn near perfect every time they suit up . nope,, MLB just lets him fuck off as he is. MLB has shown in the past they could care less what the fans think. I  say put angel on assignment until he can do better.
Only angel Hernandez could fuck up a strikeout call when he’s not behind the plate
I think you can hear BH say something along the lines of "You're the worst UMP in the fucking league" as he walks back to the dugout.
Angel Hernandez: "You'll see. Somebody's got to, cause I sure as hell can't."
As a league-wide protest and sign of solidarity, players and managers should get themselves tossed every time Angel Hernandez makes a bad call. They should all stop playing and tell him he's wrong until he has to throw them out.  Eventually, the league will be forced to take action.  The guy is a clown of an umpire.
Angel Hernandez with a terrible call?  Color me shocked!!!
I don’t care for baseball, but that’s an an intended swing 100%, and anyone who disagrees is taking it too personally lmao 😂
Angel having a job as an MLB umpire is one of those things which makes it obvious that the universe is a simulation.
People like him make unions a bad thing.
Bryce Harper is a female
Angel Hernandez is a prime reason why some people should be bullied
I love how baseball and football are the last sports left with absolute dogshit calls on the regular, that nobody does a single thing about lol.
I think Angel does this on purpose he loves the attention.
No jury would convict you, Bryce
Gotta see Neris and Julio next.
Harper also signed the helmet later.  Kids gonna remember that moment for the rest of his life.
This was a horrible call
I wonder if umps ever watch replays and are like oh shit, my bad 😬
he so knew he made the wrong call too
i don't watch baseball or follow the game really anymore, however somehow even i know that Angel Hernandez has no business being on a diamond.
Hernandez is so incompetent, yet still is allowed to umpire.  Whatever he has MLB leadership must be huge !
I find it crazy how it seems like there’s nobody the Umps have to answer to for bad calls. They literally can just make whatever call they want and then toss you out for getting pissed off about it and then move on until the next time they feel like doing so
I'm convinced Hernandez doesn't know anything about baseball. He just knows the options of calls and guesses.
Can Angel be suspended for continued bad calls?
If he is so bad at his job, yet MLB keeps him employed--what does that say about MLB?  If you tolerate incompetence, it's because you are incompetent.
I thought he got fired, why does he still have a job?
It was not a swing, it's time for Angel to go.
I am a simple man. I see a Jomboy Angel Hernandez video, and I click.
Baseball is the only sport that just throws players out of a game for bitching about a call.  Football never happens, hockey never happens, basketball will T a guy up but it's never an instant out of here
Thank you for the fast turnaround on this. Needed catharsis
I’m saving a bottle of champagne for the day Angel is no longer an umpire in the MLB
Post season umpire assignments are allegedly based on merit. Does anyone know how many times Hernandez has worked the playoffs?
I completely agree with Bryce. That’s TERRIBLE
If any of us did our job as bad as Angel Hernandez we would be unemployed.
Harper signed it after the game too, what a guy
This isn't little league.  Fire this guy already.
Call was so bad and I was shocked watching this why the umpire even appealed. Shame on Angel but that home plate umpire was terrible for even letting an appeal happen
Bryce signed the helmet for that kid too!
How is it that umpiring this year is so HORRIBLE!?!?!?  This is the worst it has ever been.  Did the MLB just pick up the leftover guys from Home Depot or 7 Eleven and give them day shift work???
I'll say it again, one of these guys who have a lifetime of money and a well tenured career, and can afford the fine and punishment, need to lay a headbutt directly into the bridge of the nose of some of these umpires.  If the league can't and won't hold them accountable, teach them the "hard way".
Angel, just retire. That call is beyond embarrassing it wasn't even close.
If Angel Hernandez is umpiring in a game that's on a schedule, the home team should advertise that evening free helmet night.
That ump is pure trash
One thing Angel is quite good at is calmly standing his ground when someone is going off on him.  And that kind of makes sense.  If you're notorious bad at being an ump you're going to have guys yelling at you all the time and if you couldn't handle that you would probably quit.  It takes a certain personality to stick with a job when everyone around you is fully aware of how incompetent you are and hates your guts for it.  No one likes him.  No one respects him.  But he shows up to work each day and calmly says "you swung" while a dude is just barely resisting the urge to punch him in the face.  His greatest skill is being okay with people hating him.
FOLKS PLEASE!!! Umpires are human! They gamble like the rest of us. Just because THEY can effect the outcome of a game they may (or may not) have wagered on, doesn't make them corrupt. Or does it?
Harper has become so much more likable over the years
His confidence in his lack of skill at his job never ceases to amaze me. I guess if you're going to be the worst umpire in sports, own it.
How does he still have a job?
Angel is so used to being absolutely certain in the face of actually being very very very wrong, the anger bounces right off him.
How does he still work.
Way to go, helmet kid! Angry outbursts are clearly the solution to happiness!!!
Bryce signed the helmet for the kid too.
Angel Hernandez hello, glasses maybe?
Angel was only saying "You'll see" because he knows he didn't see. He was secretly asking for help.  That side-by-side was infuriating, by the way. It could been the same clip twice if not for the catcher behind Harper.
If not for the union Angel would’ve been canned long ago
Devil Hernandez strikes again…
You gotta do it for the kids, right?
Horrifying to hear "are you out or safe? let's defer to ANGEL HERNANDEZ to decide your fate!"
I saw this highlight and knew you would break it down.   Add on- Harper signed the helmet for the kid.
Ángel Hernandez is my favorite umpire by far. Love that dude
The "Angel Hernandez is bad on purpose to make kids happy" is a conspiracy I want to believe in
Angel has fuq'ed up more games....so embarrassing.
I can’t wait for the day Angel gets punched in the face for how bad he is.
Bad call or not, Bryce is a little punk
As I was watching this live, I was wondering how long it would take Jomboy to come out with this breakdown. This has to be a record.  Loved it!!!!!
He's just following the MLB script 😂
Angel Hernandez is awesome! Keeps batters on their toes. Funny Brice throwing a fit because he has to work
It will never ceases to amaze. People who aren't baseball fans know Angel Hernandez is a terrible umpire. He continues to be a terrible umpire. I wish I could be that bad at my job.
These breakdown videos are so much better when you see the moment happen in the game and think "I can't wait for Jomboy to break this down"
This is the breakdown I was looking for 😂😂😂😂
And that kid will now saves us from the alien invasion. Thanks Angel!
Dear God MLB get your shit together!
When Hernandez is behind the plate the next time catchers on both teams need to not catch a few high fastballs that hit Hernandez and if any runner has a chance to run into him or spike him they should do it
Angel is bad and should feel bad.  Glad he’s not someone important like a doctor or firefighter, people could die due to his incompetence
Please don't fire Angel. It keeps us entertained. 😅😅😅
This is why I stopped watching baseball. These umps' are and have been for years betting on the games and it's been obvious for years. MLB has the worst officiating crews bar none. The NFL replacement refs were better IMO.
Was waiting for the Jomboy breakdown.  Did not disappoint.  And... Angel Hernandez is STILL garbage.  Is there anyone else in the world who is as demonstrably terrible at their job as him, and continues to be employed as long as he has?
Angel Hernandez could have made a killing as leslie nielsen-type straight man
Now more than ever I'm convinced that Manfred & the owners keep clowns like Hernandez, Bucknor, etc. on payroll just so we can witness WWE meltdowns like this
I know the Umpire Union and everything... but protecting this guy is just throwing all of their credibility in the garbage. It's baffling how bad he is. I'm not a baseball fan by any means... but I know AH's name... that's how bad of an ump he is.
I watch an insane amount of football. I watch like maybe 5 baseball games a year. I can’t name a ref in the NFL but I’ve known about angel Hernandez for years just based of his incompetence
I honestly believe that Angel Hernandez cant see and needs glasses or something. You cant miss everything he misses constantly.
Good ol Angel Hernandez
The kid's parents tried to give it back to the team but Bryce apparently told them he could keep it and then signed the helmet.
I think Demon Hernandez is just getting so use to being called a bad umpire (because he is), that he just doesn't react anymore. He has finally owned the fact he sucks.
What the f… MLB is waiting to fire the worst umpire of baseball?
Angel works for Vegas not MLB
Angel hernandez stood his ground like somehow he was new york tough. Nah dude. Ur soft. And ur going to get nailed in the face one of these days.
The fact there’s been a breakdown for this already and not for Snitker’s ejection the other night is a travesty.
Hernandez is a cheater.  He always has been.  As he gets older he’s just more blatant.  Probably had money on the game.
Why didn't you use the angle the MLB used to show it? Way better view than this, you can't tell anything from here which is why there's an ump watching from the side.
Dudes blind thats why hes standing at 3rd and not behind the plate. Lmao hes gunna lose his job soon
That is not a swing
Yo Angel actually looked nervous when Bryce got about 4 feet from him.
Angel made US all happy throw BH out for good, just a big over paid baby !!!!
I swear Angel has been paid by whatever company owns the robot umpires to expedite their introduction.
Probably had money on the game
It's laughable that Angel actually said, "You'll see!"...Doesn't he understand that YouTube exists?? The side-by-side of the two swings is one of the most damning pieces of evidence of Angel's incompetence.
Arguing with an umpire should never result in an ejection.
For the game of baseball PLEASE Angel retire go back to coaching little league or just flat out disappear from the game.
Bryce Harper's look and mannerism here makes me think of Seth Freaking Rollins
Angel is the embodiment of incompetence.  How this man even has a job is a testament to what is wrong with the mlb.
I always get a kick out of that breakdown you made last year when Schwarber melted down on Angel calling balls and strikes so poorly. “Angel just shouldn’t be behind the plate”. But he blows calls at 1st and 3rd too! Lol
I don't watch baseball, and I know who Angel Hernandez is, so yeah, dude sucks. The only benefit of the doubt I can give him in this case is when you're looking at the side by side swing comparison, the bat on the right glares a little bit more, and maybe that threw him off. He still sucks, fire his ass, but he might have somewhat of an excuse in this one case.
Nothing like a another Phillies v. Hernandez showdown.
Angel is Terrible.  Why he has a job is unreal.
This is what I picture what's going on in Angels head when he's behind the plate: "okay I called the last one a ball so I guess I'll just call this one a strike?" It only gets real interesting when he forgets what he called the last pitch: "are donkeys just mules with long ears or is it the other way around?" The pitch hits the catcher's mitt, "Oh wait, what did I call the last pitch? Oh who knows, lets start over." He yells out ball!
I think baseball is a terrible sport. But I don’t know how the hell that would not be a swing. Like the ball would have hit the bat how is that not a swing?
Coach can’t challenge that??
Looked like a swing to me
Someone needs to make a movie with John Bernthal playing Angel and the script with follow the premise of how Angel is secretly a super hero with the power of premonition, and the only reason he is making these calls is to prevent a world ending disaster from happening, unbeknownst to the the rest of the population.
Even the union has to see how bad Angel is and ease him out the door.
Bring back Joe West to replace Angel. It would be an improvement
Been a while since a good f bomb jomboy
Angel Hernandez is so bad at being an umpire, that even before I was remotely interested in baseball I knew who he was because he's so famous for being bad at being an umpire
Unfortunately you’re not gunna see, Bryce isn’t gunna see!
Bryce harper is such a diva, I love him
if it wasnt the difference in speed those are identical.  insert the Office meme
Headline I never thought I'd see:  "Angel Hernandez makes someone happy."
If Angel is a part of any postseason game, I’m gonna assume it’s fixed. He’s TERRIBLE!!!
At this point I’m shocked not one player has yelled at Hernandez and went off on how he’s the worst umpire in the league.
Angel Hernandez reminds Mr of all members of the Democratic Party, a complete disgrace to humanity
Angel hernandez is a disgrace to base ball. He has no shame about it either
I say this as a Mets fan, that was a check swing.
Death, taxes, and Angel Hernandez holding his job despite the fact he is absolutely awful
@1:55 Jomboy's right: "We see" the same swing twice alright... but just cuz he didn't break his wrists, the rest of his body didn't get the memo😂
"On this episode of Angel Hernandez"
Not even close!!!
Angel Hernandez is a secret agent for the companies trying to sell the electronic umpires.
Imagine thats the world series.
Don't you just love affirmative action?
Angel won't see though :(
At this point all blame belongs on mlb for keeping this guy as an umpire. I know there's unions and such but there's gotta be a legit way to get rid of this guy.
So not only Angel Hernandez is a even worse Home plate umpire, he makes shit calls on 3rd base. And i don't even like Bryce Harper but he did did not swing through.
Bryce should have swung at his face lol
Angel is the sole reason for robot umps. Main problem is he thinks people are there to see him. So he has to do something once a game to be put on Jomboy.
Someone needs to lay Angel out, he knows he can do whatever he wants with no repercussions
It's because of you I think everyone in baseball has the same exact voice.
You got to do the story about the kid.
Kid is stoked!
Been blowing calls for how many years now
Is there something set in stone where these umps are held accountable for being this terrible time and time again? Do they even watch after the game to see how bad they are? Shouldn’t they want to be better or is it required to be stubborn for the role of an umpire? Asking for a friend.
Pro tip: arguing with Angel Hernandez has never made him improve as an umpire. There is no point in arguing with him. It only hurts the player or coach.
wasnt even close.
Sucks for me, had harper getting a hit in a sgp...
Harpers hair is godsent
I don’t have an issue with angel. He’s notoriously bad. But it’s consistently bad. And all guys can ask for is consistency.
Angel Hernandez is a bad official?  No.  Say it ain't so!
2023 and Angel still has a gig as the worst umpire in the league.
Doesn’t matter where Angel is on the field, makes terrible calls
Seeing the Pirates on here again reminded me that you should breakdown that 19 OT game. It has one of the worst blown call I’ve EVER seen.
How glorious do these Phillies uniforms look?
Ya he's wrong and nothing happens  That's BS  they should be fined or suspended after so many blown calls. Or figure out some kind of punishment.  Sick of seeing these umps have so many shitty calls and they are not held responsible. Definitely ruining the game.   Balls and strikes are the worst I e ever seen this year. With a ton of umps. Never use to have this problem
The only way it could've been better is if it was Joe West instead of Angel Hernandez
Angel is a huge reason why we need robo umps
At this point, you gotta believe hernandez has some major dirt on the MLB
Singlehandedly making the case for robo umps
They interviewed the kid after and asked him if he likes Angel.  Kid said no.  That's a real Phillies fan
I say both are swings
Bastard isn't even looking anymore. Just a mental coin flip.
The most unlikeable player in baseball against the worst umpire ever. Bryce is right, though. He didn't swing.
Another horrible worker hiding behind a union. They should just fire him. There is enough documentation to support it.
Petition for John boy media to get Hernandez fired
Angel Hernandez, He Who Sees Nothing: "You'll see."
As a pirates fan. He didn’t swing. Everytime Angel is on the field, the other team is my best friend.
Angel Hernandez should have been fired years ago.  Worst umpire, shouldn't even be working as a beer league softball umpire.
He's the world's worst umpire in MLB!!!
Angel is such a stand-up guy for making that kid happy.
Anyone suprised Harper is angry again. Dude needs help
It's not that Angel Hernandez is a bad umpire, he's not. It's that his bad calls are so egregiously wrong, players think he's doing it on purpose.
I just can't understand how Angel lost his racism suit against MLB, when he's such a good ump...
When is this dude retiring?
I would like to see that Ump reaction when showed the video in front of Harper.
I'm just sad that Harper didn't punch Angel Hernandez's lights out 😢
And this is why he gets left off playoff umpiring jobs. We cant have this shit affecting the biggest games of the year
I always love the “P00P” series. Pirates/phillies and 0-0 score on the screen.
Angel is the opposite of umpire.
@JomboyMedia There's an overlay on the video for the last 20 seconds. We can't see what's going on. Can't see the person taking gum out of her mouth.
The umpires union needs to allow this dude to be fired. He’s bad for baseball.
Manfred really needs to fix this umpiring situation.. it gets worse year by year
Swing, ok..
At this point I sincerely think Angel Hernadnez does this shit for kicks. He knows he's protected. He knows he can't get fired.  Why not make this all about himself??  He gets to singularly change the flow of baseball games.
There should be a class action suit brought by the fans and players of MLB for damages from bad calls made by Angel Hernandez. It isn't like nobody knows he is that bad. He is and nobody denies it, yet he somehow still has a job. He should be employed as a blind cane quality control manager. He'd be the best.
As someone who doesn’t know much about baseball, clips like this give me no inspiration to start following it.
God works in mysterious ways
Hernandez is an embarrassment.  The fact the MLB does nothing just shows how little they care about what happens on the field
Why are there no repercussions for those awful calls. He still has a job. He should be doing st post A or AA. Why not send him your the minors for some rehab
Angel Hernandez making kid's dreams come true
Why don’t managers take iPads over to umpires and show them their F ups, I know that won’t change the call but maybe they will improve for the next time
When robot umpires replace humans because of calls like this, Angel will reveal he has been calling games with 20/100 vision this whole time.
Cmon, Luis Ortiz is a damn magician on the bump!
Jomboy Media: Finding silver linings in horrible sports happenings since 2017
Sorry Bryce, but Angel won't see anything. Never has never will
What a terrible pair there.
Nice lip reading lol.
Fun fact, Harper found the kid after the game and signed the helmet for him
Funny, in your last Angel video (Schwarber), you comment that Angel should be relegated to only working 3rd base because he won’t get much action.  Well so much for that theory😂.
Oh wow another video breakdown on hotheads and bad attitudes.
Hernandez is the worst ever! Any other umpire would have been shit canned a long time ago! This guy must have something on the commissioner!
Angel Hernández making kinds happy, that's a heck of a silver lining! :D
So unbelievably bad…. 🤢 🤮
Bryce Harper typically seems like a jerk, but seeing that anger directed at Angel Hernandez felt appropriate. Angel truly is awful at this job.
10 years from now we are going to see a 30 for 30 documentary on Angel Hernandez like we did with that NBA ref Tim Donaghy. The only way Hernandez can be this bad ALL the time is if he is involved in fixing games.
Amgel Hernadez go figure!
It must suck to be a young umpire on Hernandez crew and knowing from the start you won't be asked to umpire the playoffs.
Angel Hernandez is the most incompetent umpire in all of baseball and that's saying a lot (F you too Phil Cuzzi)  I can only assume he is paid off through sports betting  to be that friggin' terrible.  A huge investigation needs to occur.  And put all these questionable umpires on paid suspension until ... well robo umps finally come in.  Flush the lot.
Deport the umpire
Hernandez is an embarrassment to baseball.
Please tell me he's not umping playoff games.
If Hernandez has the arrogance to tell Harper to his face "You'll see" he should stand there with him and watch the replay in the stadium.  He's a joke.
Like Bryce said in the interview, this guy's calls are bad for both teams.
Almost respect Angel that he can cause so much chaos even when he's not at home plate.
This isn't funny anymore. How does he still have a job?
Im surprised Hernandez has not been knocked out yet.
@JomboyMedia Can you do a breakdown of the Braves and Cubs game from Wednesday when Brian Snitker got thrown out because the home plate umpire (and frankly every other umpire) called a clearly fouled ball as a wild pitch/past ball causing a run to score?
You need to do a bad lip reading video
If the catcher wasn't in different positions then I would have thought it was the same clip.
Someone needs to send this to Angel Hernandez
Angel Hernandez is the reason why people think Unions are bad.
Wow that wasn't even close.
Hear me out: Angel is good for the game. Witness that kid with the helmet and all of us enjoying primo meltdowns and Jomboy content… Horrible ump=great entertainment.
I'm amazed that Angel Hernandez isn't an NFL official, he would fit right in with those clowns.
I wonder if Angel actually thinks he's good. Or does he get home and acknowledge that he messed up, then just does it again tomorrow 🤷‍♂️
That clown still believes he was skipped over for postseason assignments because of racial discrimination???
There's no better reason for Robot Umps than Angel Hernandez. He's a disgrace to the game.
Angel is in about 1/2 of these videos at this point.
I swear I heard Bryce on a broadcast feed tell Angel he was the worst umpire in the league, or something to that effect. Anyone else hear it?
You serious Clark???? Send him to the minors...or better yet  Little league.
Shit I could be an umpire.
Harper signed that helmet for the kid!! Class act
The only thing more mind boggling than how bad this guy is at his job, is how he actually had the balls to sue the league for racial discrimination because they don’t want him in big games.  Any other job and this guy would have been fired long ago.
MLB knows how bad Angel Hernandez is, and they refuse to fire him. It's all about hiding what they are doing wrong by REFUSING to make changes.
The fact he’s still employed is a travesty
Players hate him, fans hate him, managers hate him. Does he have compromising photos of the commissioner?  Is he being a lightning rod a thing? Has someone written a book about this? This is becoming a mystery of the universe.
Angel is bad for baseball!
If you had to have a short video that teaches kids about a proper check swing, this would be it. That call was absolutely terrible.  It’s not like people haven’t taken action against this guy. They’ve tried to fire him and get him bumped down to the minors. They’ve tried keeping him out of the playoffs and primetime games. Thanks to the umpires union, we will be forced to have Angel Hernandez ruin all the games he umps indefinitely.
i love how ppl base this stuff off of slowed down replays played over and over when angel has to make the call in a split second with no hesitation...and then they think there are ppl out there that would have a 100% accuracy rate
next time that pos is behind the plate....fastball to his head. " oops, sorry, it slipped".
The players need to use their platform to hold the umpires accountable. They should refuse to play when the ultra shitty ones are in the games. We’ll see how long it takes MLB to suffer from the ratings decline
Watching the game last night and even in real time my wife and I couldn’t believe the call. That’s what Hernandez does over and over and over !!! He’s terrible!
Harper’s stock skyrocketed on this night, and he knew it the whole time.  He was taking his pound of flesh.
I was at the game and literally said “this is on Jomboy tomorrow”
Admit it, we all assumed the very first pitch of the video that missed the plate by a foot would be called a strike.  That's  the mark of a legend.
At least he is consistent….
Don't they have a review system for umpires so they demote the bad ones to, like, Little League or something?  It'd be fun to see Angel doing a game at the LLWS and some baseball mom going off on him for a &^#%@$ call.  That would be quite a sight.
Angel gives unions a bad name
we have all tech. this could be taken care of almost in real time..  swings, strikezone it could all be communicated in milliseconds. a slowmo that starts from the moment of the pitch (multi angle) automatically looking for swing and zone - communicated to the umps within milliseconds or even shown on a screen. Computer making decisions instantly tells ump on field and if someone is in doubt like a dedicated ump watching the plate stream they push a button Or the plate ump pushes a button and its challenged and the video ump looks at it (goes back and forth with a wheel - like a video editor) has a quick decision - No. . They can do LBWs in cricket. they can do the contact mic that's synchronized with the video. The tech is out there.
Angel’s next job: voting for a government shutdown in Congress. Disgraceful.
Everyone will celebrate the day Angel retires. It's just egregious at this point.
Ngl getting a helmet thrown by a future Hall of Famer after being ejected for going off on Angel is a pretty fucking badass story when that kid grows up  Plus if he ever decides to sell it he can probably get a pretty penny and has this video as proof
MLB umps have some of the best job security
Nobody realizes that Angel Hernandez has been secretly investing in AI technology in Bot umpires, that's coming out in the near future.
If you ever find yourself arguing against the existence of unions, Angel should be exhibit A.
Angel is a disgrace, but apparently there's no criteria for what constitutes a checked swing, so there's likely to be zero repercussions for this.  Were it some other, more competent umpire, I'd probably say that they know they can get away with blowing that call every time. Angel? Who knows.
That’s the first call I have ever seen Angel miss. So hurray for eye surgery!!  I can see now!!
Great video, this is just another good example of how bad Angel Hernandez is Bryce Harper didn’t even come close to swinging.
We should promote Angel Hernandez to fan after this
How bad are so many of us that as soon as we see the highlight on espn, we're waiting for the jomboy breakdown + lip reading
Another one for the compilations. Add it to the pile. Can't wait for umps like Angel to get replaced by a robot.
Angel hurts baseball. I don’t understand why MLB keeps him around.
Angel won't ever 'see' anything. Umpires are the worst of the worst when it comes to believing they're gods. And I guess if you've been making shit calls for 30 years and still bringing in a huge salary making shit calls you'd feel the same way. It's a shame
The part nobody is talking about is how consistent Angel is. The announcers said it best “if Angel is in the game, something is always bound to happen”
He could hit that down the third base line with that "check" swing. It looks like he definitely went farther than the one before. I've never liked Bryce and his ever present ego, if he really wants to be upset he can be upset he can't lay off the ball without actually putting his bat into the zone first
Good on Philly for giving it to the kid
Is Angel Hernandez ever interviewed by the media? He ruins games and then gets to hide
The little kid who got the helmet is a badass. They interviewed him and he said everyone was clamoring for the helmet and he started yelling in a deep voice "give it to the kid!" Like he was a parent trying to be nice, so they gave him the helmet
Com on guys. Angel Hernandez is one of the worst blinded umpires out there. He’s been Mr Magoo for donkeys ages 😅. I think Angel auditioned for the lead in Oh, Magoo you dun it again. Blind as a bat. Your hired!
If you really want to grab attention with a shocking headline, do a breakdown on Angel Hernandez with a good call (if you can find one). He's not even the best umpire in the building when he hits up a Denny's at 3AM and the only people there are two waitresses and a cook, I cannot comprehend how he's still employed by MLB.
I realize the game was inconsequential. That being said, Hernandez shouldn't even be doing inconsequential games. The guy should be on a street corner, bumming change. As a 30-year hockey official, I can say that the brotherhood only goes so far. They need to stop covering for him and cut him loose.
I was watching the game live and knew instantly if the was that bad, it had to be Angel Hernandez. Then the best part was the announcer talking about how Angel called strike 3 on him when it hit the dirt and the catcher had to tag him. He sucks so bad. 😂
add it to the "Fuck it angel Hernandez highlights" reel
Angel hernandez might be a horrible umpire, but the call is the call. Harper needs to stop acting like a spoiled, entitled baby. This is the reason these younger kids act the way they act in sports nowadays.
Angel Hernández is the Joe Biden of baseball
Just think about how many games Angel has ruined by bad play calling..
chUmp - made a home town call because he is ignorant.  I wish Harper would have decked him - would have been hilarious
"If Angel Hernadez wasn't so awful, this kid wouldn't be so happy."  Silver linings.
The fact that Angel Hernandez is still employed shows what a joke MLB is. No interest in watching that dying corrupt sport, it’s turned into a bad joke.
Oh to have the unearned confidence of Angel Hernandez after a shit call
I was there last night and the stadium was relentless. Later on when Angel called another check swing “safe,” the crowd sarcastically cheered.
I would love to see teams band together and refuse to play games he’s an ump for. After a couple teams do this mlb and Ump union will have no choice but to do something.
Idea for situations like this: wheel out a portable octagon cage and let the real winner prevail.
If these are your role models for the next generations, it's no wonder that your society is falling apart🤷‍♂️
When players or managers get ejected and have to leave the dugout and go into the clubhouse, what do they do the rest of the game? Take a nap? Play on their phone? Can they just go home early?
Angel has a track record of terrible umpiring.  Worst game umpiring ever still goes to Eric Gregg
He's not a angel, he's a devil, so quit calling him angel, hopefully he open his devil eyes and saw what a terrible call he always makes
Philly broadcast also caught a hot mic of somebody saying hes the worst ump in the league lol
Good job to the fans for giving it to the kid
Not even close to a borderline call much less an actual swing. Unreal. i'm sure Hernandez will sue MLB for this claiming racial discrimination
not a swing
Bryce harper later came out and signed the helmet
Please fire this hot garbage.   Bryce held it back nicely but should have given him some more.   I hope he has his number and can share this link with him
As soon I saw it was Angel Hernandez that tossed Harper I knew you’d do a breakdown 😂
Angel has the energy of a parking lot attendant who quantum leaped into the life of a mlb umpire
So I guess the Phillies didn't need to win the game. Because they lost the game. Harper, don't do that it a play off game.
It's a blessing Hernandez isn't a pig in some town screwing people over.
please do a break down of the marlins vs mets rain delay fiasco 😭😭
umpires should be demoted also.....
Hernandez should get his mental state and eyes to be examined
Not a Phillies fan, but I fucking love those uniforms.
I love Bryce, he was totally right on not swinging, but he definitely went into this meaningless game (after playing the hangover game yesterday) looking for any excuse to get thrown. lol
I cannot believe my team didn’t even give this guy an offer when he was a FA.
They seriously need to get rid of the MLBUA. There's no way Angel and Joe West should still have jobs. Edit: I forgot Joe West retired. His terrible ump work still haunts my dreams.
Just think if angel hernandez isnt such a bad umpire this kid ain't that happy. Absolute gold right there
#BryceWasRight
Well… I mean… it IS Angel Hernandez… 😎 🤣
It's on purpose at this point. It's like getting every true false question incorrect. You can't do it by chance.
I've been waiting every second since this happened for this breakdown
As they say, if you run into assholes all day, you're probably the asshole. If you're involved with bad calls all the time, its you Angel
I think it’s great I don’t even watch baseball but I know angel could be the worst ump ever
Someone started a GoFundMe in case Harper hit Hernandez or otherwise got a fined
how does he still have a job?
that's a terrible call on angel he sucks bryce is right
We don’t need you to give a three minute description of something that is readily apparent.  The 30 second videos available elsewhere are quite good, and not overdone on a simple topic
Yeah, Angel Hernandez must be the worst umpire in the history of baseball. Other umpires are bad from time to time (hard to be perfect every day) but Hernandez is bad EVERY day. It must be awful being a player seeing Hernandez in the crew for the series. Even worse when he has the plate. Sabathia had it right. If this was actually a business, Hernandez would have been fired long ago. Makes you wonder why MLB hasn't sacked him years ago. Surely there must be some sort of performance evaluation for umpires? I know, unions, but seriously. Makes you want robo-umps, at least when he has the dish.
Bryce sure does make lip reading easy for Jimmy. Also that is an all time souvenir.
Angel thanks the union every night before bedtime.
Devils advocate maybe Angel had some friends with money on the game
It's crazy how identical both of those check swings were.
I know Angel won’t be selected for postseason games,right MLB? 😮
Here is yet another reason to hire people based on merit and not worry about whether they check the right box or not.
Obviously a bad call, but Harper cant walk to the ump and get ejected.  Yell from the box and return to the dugout.  Your team needs you….
Actually this is on MLB now.  Hernandez is the worst, but if they don't do anything about it, then this ump (and others) are getting away with it.
The best part was him saying the pirates didn’t go on an identical swing the next inning. Philly really loved that one
He is becoming an international mockery. His fame is rising among the MLB fans in Korea and I bet it'll be so in other countries as well.
Where are the baseline cameras? WTF, they've (MLB) got their fingers up the butts of every other possible call. No doubt, Hernandez is the worse.
Regardless of the call, Bryce is a immature little man.
when i saw angel is in Philly this series i knew theres gonna b an incident
I hate that Angel Hernandez is a great guy. It would make him easier to hate.  Edit: at the end what you say about “if that wouldn’t have happened, that kid wouldn’t have gotten Bryce’s helmet.” See? What a great guy Angel is. He knew that was going to happen… the people’s umpire lol
Need a Empire ai goggles
Angel Hernandez is to umpiring as Neville Chamberlain was to diplomacy.
Devil Hernandez
why is angel Hernandez still in the MLB..  makes no sense... fire his ass
Thing is...according to the rulebook, he swung.
Congratulations Angel Hernandez you are the world’s worst umpire of all time
I hope to god Angel watches this
Imagine a player making as many errors as angel makes. He’d be in single A already.
Well that’s true😊
Bryce signed the helmet for the kid, btw. He also said in the postgame, he wishes he coulda done something in the game for the kid to take home with him. He also said it’s a shame (referring to Angel) cuz there were probably kids there to see him play, prob the last chance this year, cuz they can’t afford playoff tix.
Puuurrreee entertainment lmao
Oh yeah we saw, Angel, and as usual we all see you are still the worst umpire in MLB.   Where are the bodies, Angel?
They should fine Angel Hernandez if someone got ejected and he was actually wrong
I don't even watch MLB, but know how terrible Angel Hernandez is!
They need to make a rule that every single call from Angel Hernandez specifically is reviewable.
I don't understand why everyone is so upset.  Every time Hernandez blows a call an Angel gets his wings.  Only problem is they are running out of Angels and wings because that Angel suckkkkks at making calls.  MLB come on.  When is that guy going to get tossed.
I cannot stand Harper. But I love him here. Absolutely love him.
Man, on the replay of the swings I thought you replayed the same one, but that's a terrible call lol
he swung though.
Ok this was a shit call but im sure these line umps aren't staring at every swing for 9 innings and have u ever seen an ump be like "sorry. I was looking at something else". I'm sure some just guess.  I'm not for extra replay but a lot of these need replay to get it right. This one was easy but most are so fast.
Sometimes I think, "It's going to be terrible when robots take over for the umpires.  We need the human element."  Then I see videos like this.
MLB. At one time I thought the organization stood for professionalism.     Just not at the umpire level.     That guy needs to find something else to do.
How come every time I hear about a bad call in baseball it's always Angel Hernandez...lol.
true, whatever it takes to make the kids happy
Angel is inspiration for all of us, you can be the worst of the worst, doesn't matter, chase those dreams!
I done caught me a head……aww it’s done been scooped out.
he has to be the worst ump. why does he still have a job..
This is why he can't ump the world series anymore
I love how you ended it on that silver lining
Angel just mad he had to work.
If all these players, fans, and analysts complain about the same guy. Then how does he still have a job.
im not surprised with angel Hernandez, at this point I’m expecting it every game.
Jomboy, can you not put Angel Hernandez's name or a thumbnail of his face so we can be surprised when we do watch your video?? 🤣😂🤣 anything involving Hernandez is always entertainment lol
"Never underestimate Angel's ability to fugg stuff up." --Barack Obama
Hernandez has always been a terrible umpire
he screwed oakland over sooooooo many times
It's honestly hard to believe how incompetent he is at his job.  I know he's known to be the worst ump in MLB but Bryce didn't even come close to swinging.which was plain to see even without slow motion. Was he even paying attention? Brutal.
Angel needs Lasik
Jomboy needs an Angel playlist on the channel
angel hernandez needs to just get out of mlb. by now he just want the power. my goodness. he doesn't have any credibility.
The problem with Angel is that I  don't think he cares. If he did, he'd have done the honorable thing a long time ago. Unfortunately for him, the only other employment a person can find where you're allowed to suck this bad would be the fluffer industry.
But..Manfred said the problem was game length 🤷🏻
Angel is universally known for being one of the worst umpires of all time.
Last line is the total truth.  Harper will probably forget this ever happened and this kid will never forget getting that helmet or how it all happened in the first place.
Only meteorologists and Angel Hernandez can be totally wrong and still keep their jobs.
In philly.  The last home game of the season. Freakin Bryce Harper up at bat. Ejected in the 3rd inning. The fans deserve better.  Angel has to go
I think we all aspire to have the misplaced confidence of Angel Hernandez. I would love to have the audacity to be so self-assured that I am the right man for the job, despite the mountains of evidence against me. To be the funniest man alive, who has never made anyone laugh. The greatest cook, who doesn't know how to make toast. That is what it like to be Angel Hernandez.
Do not let Hernandez ump the post season 😭
Harper should organize a “recycle glasses event” in honor of Angel Hernandez
It's like the government (real jobs, not politics).. It's INCREDIBLY hard to get fired from it after you initial 'probation' (1 year).. If you're a problem child/bad apple, you get moved around quite a bit as a result.. This should tell you how strong the MLBPA is.. even the Umps union has residual clout, lol..  Edit: And I'll add this.. If the Umps realllllly don't want the 'roboumps' coming for their jobs.. They gotta get rid of dudes like Angel.. He puts a bad rap on all of them.. Come up with a way to retire them 'gracefully', so everyone 'wins', if you need to..
So well done 🤙🤙
I love the Helmet throw at the end, and the kid wearing it lol
Angel isn't even watching the game now.  Common just fire him already!
Then Bryce Harper found that little boy and signed the helmet you’ll see
Lulz
At this point I think the MLB keeps Angel around just to keep games interesting
You just k on the catcher appealed because he knew there was a high chance of Angel blowing it. Catcher knew that was a check lol. Home plate ump knew too, shouldn’t have granted the appeal.
best ejection of the year
we need to get rid of angel, he's getting worse and worse.
I get that the Umpire union wants to protect their Umps and as an Ump I can appreciate that but man does he bring the whole profession down. If I was an Ump in the MLB I would be pushing to get rid of him so that we all don't look like crap.
Maybe if Angel got stuck in traffic on game day he’d get written up….maybe if this happens a few times the Union can fire him…just sayin.
I like to think about how the only umpire most baseball fans can name is Angel Hernandez and it's only because of his comically bad umpiring
Not only did the kid get the helmet, he got interviewed during the game, and Bryce autographed the helmet for him.  During the interview, he was asked if his favorite umpire was Angel Hernandez (because he led to him getting the helmet) and the kid said "no way."
Harper’s ire was not just over that one strike…Hernandez has a long history of bad calls.
Imagine This Being The Last Out of game 7 NLCS.
He claims racism? That’s the reason he STILL has a job. He is a token. Look it up Angel.
Angel is just so bad. Ugh
Sports are a circus… he’s just the lead clown.
Why hasn't that guy been fired?
You did this one before the Neris / Rodriguez game? Come on.
You could give angel the video of him not swinging and he would still call it
The Union who still allows Hernandez to umpire, well, lets just say blame the Union for him.   Union keep lousy workers around, its just a fact.
Angel giving out blessings to kids....aint that sum 🤣🤣🤣
Nah I don’t like angel but he did swing a few inches more on the second time but he didn’t go on both
All affirmative action does is force you to accept mediocrity
This is the one time I have felt bad for Bryce Harper.
It was hilarious when Steve McMichael called him out
I don’t know what’s in the ump’s union contract, but I can’t believe it says “no matter how bad at their job, you can’t fire an umpire.” There’s got to be a provision to remove for cause.
Angel hernandez is everything that is wrong with unions protecting bad workers.
I don't know which umpire in history is worse, Angel Hernandez or Eric Gregg.  I hope to sweet sweet 6 lbs, 9 oz baby Jesus that Angel never calls a post season game ever again!
Why do rich kids in expensive seats get the breaks?
Angel gets a bad rep because he went to the Hellen Keller School of umpiring. Stevie Wonder how this fool so blind.
Remember the break down where you thought maybe Angel Hernandez should only ump at 3rd base?  LOL - guess he's not a third base kind of umpire either...  LOL!!!!
You think MLB has even considered replacing the guy who is featured in every other jomboy video for his bad umping? Any publicity, is good publicity, right MLB?
We need more Braves breakdowns!!! Arguably the most fun team in baseball and got hosed on a passed ball call the other night
He only was hired to fill the quota.
So much for what you said last year about just make him a 3 rd base ump
If i was that bad at my job...i wouldn't have a job.
Just once I'd love to see a player beat Hernandez's ass
In my 55+ years of watching baseball, he is the worst umpire I have ever seen, and it’s not even close
Magin’nat……..Angel Hernandez makes a bad call. Grass is green and water is wet.
Off topic, but if there's ever an Angel Hernandez biopic, Jon Bernthal needs to play him
Angel deserves every bit of this abuse.
Once a year I wonder how he is still an umpire; then he umpires the next MLB season..
You know you are a bad ump when you screw up balls and strike calls from third base.
how that man is still an umpire is unfathomable, until you see Joe "Ice Cream Sandwhich" West.
It’d be interesting to know if  MLB umpires have to undergo annual/bi-annual eye tests or other dexterity tests.  Some of theSE umpires are getting pretty old. Eye sight and motor skills diminish with age
How do these players not just go “there’s a fuckin reason you’re not umpiring playoff games and it’s not the reason you sued for.” And just walk away. Dude is so bad but is being protected. How can anyone call that a swing?
He held…no way was that a swing! Poor umping.
Hate bryce but hate angel more
Where’s Kyle Schwarber when you need him.
Bruuuuuuuuh he didn’t go EITHER TIME😂
Bruuuuuuuuh he didn’t go EITHER TIME😂
He’s on the take.
Angel strikes again lol
Angel Hernandez is the worst umpire in this or any league.
Once again, comments do not disappoint lmfao😂
Literally the worst Ump in the history of umping... please MLB.. please for the love of God get rid of him
The 1st one was more of a swing, than the 2nd. He checked both. No way they could/should say otherwise. Absolute garbage call.
I see the words "rips into Angel Hernandez" and my pants figuratively hit the floor! Im stiffed up & ready.
I’d love to see a Venesaur deck! I feel like it’s a card not getting enough love.
I'm so glad a kid got the helmet.
Y’all a bunch of clowns… It was only the 3rd inning… Bryce wanted to go home.
Lol Angel clearly doesn't care anymore as seen by his body language. Clearly he can't be fired or else he would have by now and knows it so he just does whatever.
I wonder how illegal it would be to use Angel as a human Piñata? Of course once he finally kicks the bucket, I’m not THAT evil.
Ok. We saw. He didn’t swing.
I really don't understand how Hernandez can stand in front of fans night after day after night. I'll give him this. The man has some brass balls. I'll bet he cries a little before going to sleep.
Angel needs firing.
Love how jomboy brings out the silver lining about the kid being so happy.  That one bad call may have altered his entire life.
Ok, Angel has to go. Time to retire. Enough is enough.
He just cost so many betters money smh 😭
Angel isn’t even qualified to be the ball boy for the Marlins. Get him out of the MLB!!
excellent final point lol
Angel be tryna get home in time for dinner 😂
Not usually a huge Bryce fan but I heard that he later signed that helmet for the kid. Very nice
Only in MLB can a player be kicked out for an ump being terrible.
Is there a reason this isn’t brought to us by draft kings? Is it because someone in the MLB officiating crew has an issue with gambling?  They should call 1800gambling or whatever it is.
Angel Hernández giving this kid a lifelong memory.. maybe he should also sign the helmet...😂
I blame Jimmy 100%, previously he stated to put him at 3rd base...
Do they just keep Hernandez around so we have things to talk about?  How bad Angel Hernandez is?  Theatre?  WWE MLB?
Angel is being kept on by MLB to create content for Jomboy. this is his only purpose
They need to BAC that ump, dude looks drunk.
Angel Hernandez should be the "before" guy for LensCrafters before & after commercials
I dont watch baseball at all but im even aware how terrible this guy is at his job
The kid would have made a better call too.
This guy is so bad that I have to wonder if he does it on purpose  MLB is being degraded
One of the few umps with enough professionalism to keep cool in that situation... Is also the least professionally talented ump in MLB. Please change, Angel.
Angel is the only ump who wears a disguise in Public.
Angel needs to watch this video for 24 hours straight while his eyes are held open like in A Clockwork Orange
Gotta rig the game so pirates can win lmaooooo 😂😂😂😂😂
When the avg baseball fan(me) knows your name and you are an umpire you must suck!
Impeachment for ángel Hernández
Anggel Hernandez is a disgrace to MLB
Affirmative Action,, angel Hernandez .he sues everything
And here I thought naively that angel was just bad at calling balls and strikes
Angel Hernandez is a joke. Bad umpire for years. I wouldn't even let him ump any little league games.
I know Angel is awful, but Harper is a whiny man child who deserves what he gets.
The similarity in the split screen was scary. The amount of work to be able to get that consistency is crazy.
That guy has been the worst umpire in the last 15 years probably or I should say in MLB history nothing is ever done about his absolutely heinous cause ever punch him right in the mouth
How are referees/umpires able to make such terrible calls but nobody is allowed to let them know that?
:55 "angel hernandez is a weirdo man" tf is he supposed to do though? throw hands with bryce harper? start screaming back at him? i understand he is bad at his job but thats just such weird criticism. a literal maniac is coming right at him screaming.... him being calm is exactly the right thing to do.
I was waiting for this one.
Why don’t major league umpires get fined when they make obviously terrible calls ? All sports give players ridiculous fines all the time 🤷‍♂️
Hey Jomboy remember last year when Schwarber lost it on Angel and you said to put Angel at third so he couldn't call strikes? Yeah about that...
Labor unions need notes from the umps union. How angel hernandez can be so consistently bad at his job for decades and still has a job is a testament to how good their union is.  When you sue for discrimination and get slapped down because the defense is just like "nah hes garbage." Maybe dont let him umpire in the major leagues anymore. Dude should be in the bannana ball league.
It's the exact same check swing, both times. They should have been the same call.
i dont know whats crazier: the fact angel is employed or how crazy similar the 2 side by side swings are by bryce.
I thought Angel was doing well behind the plate, until I realized he was at third 🤣
That’s the great thing about unions, you can be horrible at your job and don’t have to worry about termination or being replaced.
so once Angel reviews the tape and sees he's actually wrong, is he gonna call Bryce and apologise about all the "you'll see" bullshit?
Old Devil Fernandez srtikes again. Harper didnt even get the barrel past his BACK knee.  Thats beyond bush. Fernandez is everything Affirmative Action about Affirmative Action.  Hire based on race or sex and then make him bullet proof with a union more crooked than Chicago PD.
I think Bryce after the game saying he's "probably going to be fined for being right, again" is the cherry on top.
The most exciting, potential prospects in major league baseball for me, is not where Shohei Ohtani lands, but whether or not Angel Hernandez will be put on a performance improvement plan
This is bad for baseball. Larry Vanover was terrible calling pitches behind home plate on Wednesday with the Astros/Mariners. MLB needs to do something about the umpires and their union bc fans have had enough in the digital replay era
Bad Call Blue !!!!!
I don't watch baseball, I don't know the players, but I know Angel Hernandez's name because of how many awful calls he's made.
This should be grounds for firing with cause. Angel needs to go.
Best lip reader in the biz.
The Angel of bad calls strikes again.
How does Angel Hernandez still have a job?
Kids wearing the helmet. Love it
Does MLB keep bad umps because it gives fans something to talk about? Are unions to blame? Surely there's enough documentation to show the umpires are really bad at their jobs.
When millions and millions of dollars are on the line (ticket sales, merchandise, marketing opportunities etc) you definitely do not want your fate in the hands of Angel Hernandez.   This man is a stain on baseball.  His terrible calls have affected outcomes of games, that would have otherwise ended differently.
I don’t know why everyone is so hard on Angel. I bet little Kyle’s parents were on the rocks, maybe thinking about a divorce and sort of going through the motions figured they’d take the kid to a baseball game. Now he’s got a Bryce Harper helmet and a story about that time mommy and daddy took him to a baseball game and he’s going to relay that story over and over again and every time they hear it mom and dad are going to look at each other and realize things aren’t so bad and he’s not going to be bothered by how she holds her fork at dinner and she’s not going to be so mad at how he cheated a little bit with a girl at work and they’re all going to learn the real meaning of Christmas. All because Angel Hernandez sucks at his job. Yeah! Let’s go, Angel! Saving marriages one brutal call at a time!
Why is harper even biting on those awful pitches
Ugh not even close…. Angel….
You really shoulda started with: This week on Angel Hernandez.
I'm so sick and tired....of both of them.
Amazing how similar those two swings are side by side.  Almost like watching a video game animation being repeated. 🤣
I just want to see someone Rip Angel Hernandez hat off and toss it.
There’s a lot of bad things I would’ve done with my bat after that BS call. 🤦🏾‍♂️
He's gonna get his ass kicked on TV one day.
It was Angel Hernandez making a bad call? No way! <\sarcasm>
I don't like Harper, but he is right.  Angel needs to be fired.
Angel always makes a case for AI Umps 😮‍💨
I'm a simple man, I see Angel Hernandez in a breakdown, I click.  This man needs a new profession. One where you only need to be correct 10% of the time. He wouldn't even make it as a meteorologist.  If you wonder why he has a job, unions. Unions allow people who are terrible at their job to keep their jobs. Worked in 2 unions, no one who ever should have lost their job ever did, even when people broke OSHA rules and were fired on the spot, they got their jobs back.  Unions can be great, but this is one of the big negatives for me. Sorry for making this more than baseball but it's a reality.
They keep angel around to make the other umps look good
It's criminal. Why this man is not fired or at the very least questioned by the commisioner is baffling.
They need to change the language in the rules to make this rule clearer.  Right now, with the rules as written, you can't even say the call was wrong.  Can't say definitively it was correct either.
How has no one had the balls to knock angel the fuck out.  Whatever happened to if you won't take care of it we will??
If we keep watching MLB, Angel keeps getting paid. NHL, NHL! NHL! NHL!!!
I thought Angel got sent down to umpire the minors. Why he back?
Does anyone know if that’s ever happened before, a player throwing their helmet into the stands as a souvenir on purpose
The irony of Angel Hernandez saying "you'll see" when there are thousands of examples of Hernandez blowing calls, is amazing.  Hernandez is a disgrace to his profession.  And obviously clueless.  When will "he see" his replays of all his missed calls.  He should resign in shame, but he's shameless.
With the amount of money people put down on sports betting, I’m surprised Angel Hernandez hasn’t gotten rocked in the streets by an angry fan who cost him money.
Why haven’t they sacked Hernandez before now he’s terrible
Hahaha I love it, I am so glad you don't censor these
I was waiting for this breakdown 😂😂😂
I think that this is why there aren't any female umpires in MLB.  MLB is worried how female umpires and the public would react to players treating them this way.
Angel Hernandez is patiently waiting for MLB to have cameras make the main call on ALL of these plays. Wtf MLB give  the man what he's been pushing for.
There is a simple way to handle this. The league simply reviews the tape and when they determine it was a missed call they suspend the umpire for 1 game and impose whatever penalties they would have on the player on that umpire. Soon Angel Hernandez will be owing MLB money beyond his paycheck. It's called accountability. but since MLB is unwilling to take action against such a terrible umpire (he was also missing calls in minor league games when he was 'rehabbing" from a back injury), we the fans should do something about it. Boycott any game Hernandez is umpiring. When they have 162 games with no fans in the seats the owners will pressure  them to make a change. Let's make 2024 the No Angel Hernandez year (hopefully he won't have the chance to affect any playoff games).
unions are all good until you need to fire the worst umpire ever
Goes to show you how useless most umps are.
Holy shit how is Angel still an MLB umpire. The bar for him is through the floor.
Those side by side of the 2 pitches is incredible how similar they are.  The pitch, swing, and catch are identical.
I watched this live and all I could think about was, “Jomboy’s gonna make a video about this”
They both look like swings
HOW IS HE STILL UMPING
Why does angel still have a job in this sport? He makes more wrong calls than he does correct calls. Toss him.
His bat is the exact same color as his sleeves
Great example brother Harper
Angel "Diversity Hire" Hernandez
How can you be that consistently bad and keep your job?
Harper even signed the helmet for the kid
Horrendous call. Not even close. But then again it's Angel 'I love to fuck up games' Hernandez.
Wow, blew me over with a feather Angel blew yet another call. Such garbage as an ump
Angel Hernandez......making kids happy on a daily basis.
"unfortunately, you're not really gonna see"
Thumbs up for the helmet alone
Why don’t we have a camera angle down the line so both fans and the umps can watch it later on?
Angel is rapidly moving his way up the Villians of the Phillies list, rapidly closing on the Mets and Braves
Bryce Harper has to be the easiest guy to lip read in the majors.
Can we acknowledge the only fact he still has a job is because of his race? Can we please all agree? If not, then you tell me why!?
At bare minimum, there’s only 3 more games anyone has to see of Angel this season.
Embarrassing umpire call
@jomboy They interviewed the kid a few innings later.  He was something like 10 years old and as articulate as most 20 year olds.  Bryce somehow signed it for him as well.  Goes to show, Bryce was built to play in Philly.
As an impartial observer, there is NO WAY IN HELL that's a swing.  The bat doesn't cross the plate nor do his wrists break.  Angel Hernandez is the worst umpire in the sport and it's unfathomable why he's still employed by MLB.
In today's news: Angel Hernandez made a kid happy!
They really need to get rid of a lot of these old ass umpires who do nothing but ruin the game for future umpires losing an opportunity to ump a game in the MLB
I don't even watch baseball but even I know see the name Angel Hernandez means a terrible call lol
This guy can’t actually ump in the layoffs can he ?
It truthfully blows my mind that Angel still has a job. By now he needs to be umping little league .
Bryce is the perfect athlete/character for Philly. Blessed to watch him every night
It's all about intention. He swung. Yeah angel is terrible and his home plate umping is garbage... but on this call he's not wrong.
Good call Jomboy. If Angel wasn't so bad, this kid wouldn't be so happy. 😉
What do you expect from an affirmative action hire?
With Joe West now retired, Angel Hernandez is the only umpire whose name most people know. That's not a good thing.
I’m a simple man. I see an angel Hernandez slander video, I click.
Knew this was coming watching this live 😂
There’s one reason he is an MLB ump, and it has nothing to do with his qualifications.
Bryce made that kid's life by tossing him his helmet
The fact that Angel Hernandez is still an MLB umpire makes me hate all unions.
Hernandez must have some pretty incriminating evidence against league officials still still keep his job! Stevie Wonder would be able to call a better game then that hack!
They way they’re so quick to eject players is comical. It’s almost like shutting down someone who doesn’t think or talk like you.
Oof. That side by side really lets you know.
The rule says "if the batter makes an attempt to swing" in my eyes thats breaking the shoulders and hands, even a checkSWING is a SWING.....
If Angel Umped every game, the A's would be in 1st place.
Saw the upload notification and hoped it was a breakdown of the Braves and Cub game foul ball call  Great video all the same
Whichever clause in the umpires’ CBA prevents Hernandez from being fired for incompetence needs to be renegotiated. That man is clearly taking advantage of job security that he did not earn.
If there’s a better argument for abolishing unions, I’m not aware of it.
Is there a way to put Angel in a position where his calls can be 100% challenged?
I was wondering how long it would take for a breakdown to get posted…not disappointed! Great job as always!
that call probably costs us that game even though we already clinched but still....
It's just bad angel. It's just bad.
The fancy bar paint definitely did not help anyone here.  Definitely not a swing, but from that side by side, it’s very difficult to tell where the bad head is at all.
I missed the game. When I read in the recap that Bryce was ejected by Hernandez for arguing a called swing I immediately assumed that Hernandez blew the call, but I couldn't fathom the call being *that* bad. Yikes.
Another episode of Angel Hernández. We need a Jomboy playlist.
Best illustration of why he is such an awful umpire. Mf’er sees two identical things a minute apart and gives you a different answer each time.
I'm a staunch leftist, but even union solidarity has to have limits. This guy is an embarrassment to the game, and his bullshit affects so many people. He should be chucked.
How does a guy keep his job after losing his discrimination lawsuit against the mlb?
How is he still umping?
He’s literally so bad. It’s a shame he still has a job
Angel was the kid in school who begged to be the hall monitor
I stopped watching any games that Angel Hernandez is involved with.
Angel should be demoted to ball boy.
Fireable offense at my job. Can't trust this guy with anyone's life, that is for sure!  I hope someone drives him to and from work too.
Look MLB I'll comprimise. Ill stop demanding robot umps if you just simply fire Angel Hernandez.
Angle is a disgrace to officiating. A total clown show with no accountability.
The kind of call that makes you have to hold back from throwing the remote through the TV.. Hernandez is cheeks
Angel Hernandez makes Aaron Hernandez look like an angel
The old saying is that if you know the ump / referee name, they are awful.  Except Ed Hochuli, he's awesome!
It’s ruining baseball. We need these umps to be challenged and  called out for this
douche vs douche
Angel has to know that his percentage is not good enough to make comments like “you’ll see” especially with such confidence.
Omg not even close to a swing 🤦🏻‍♂️
Hernandez. He has no pride.
I'm a hairdresser, and the quality of this call is equivalent to if I cut one inch on her right side and 10 inches off her left side and said "okay your haircut is all evened up"🤣
Bryce Harper AND Angel Hernandez in the title…you *know* something goofy happened…
Thank you god I was waiting on this one lmao
Angel Hernandez shouldn’t be allowed to umpire a little league game. The players Union should boycott until he is not allowed to ump a game.
In any other country in the world, an official this bad would have been fired years ago.   Even if MLB can't fire him, stop assigning him games! Make him wash umpire uniforms every weekend, or bring snacks to the umps in the 7th inning stretch! He'd probably find a way to mess those up too!  I can't believe Angel gets rewarded for being the worst employee in the history of the world.
No swing.
In international soccer ⚽ an umpire makes one bad decision and that man is out for life. What's wrong with MLB?
To be fair, he is so bad that likely every player in the league has benefitted from his awfulness at some point.
FIRE ALL UMPS
AH is an awful umpire. He is ineptitude fulfilled.
I'm upset Bryce didn't use horseshit.
He obviously went! I am also half blind and my eye are slightly crossed
Angel meant,”You’ll see. I’ll get away with this. You’ll see.”
Local sports guy has a theory that Hernandez is trying to bait a player into taking a swing at him.  Hernandez sues the player and MLB, gets a ton of $$ in a settlement.
Someone needs to throw out angel, actually trash
I thought I heard Harper shout, "You're the worst in the league," at one point, but I guess now. Jomboy read lips better than I hear.
I hate that I love Harper
At this point, Angel Hernandez does what he wants with no repercussions. It's a shame that MLB won't stand up to him and send him packing.
I was watching this live and knew this was a Jomboy breakdown
As soon as you see angel hernandez click immediately
This is why unions suck! They protect the incompetent...
Worst umpire in the league!
Enough already with Angel Hernandez ..he has proven his incompetence many times
What a spectacular breakdown!  Jomboy and Angel  AND BRYCE!!! Can it get better?  And that side by side!  Perfection!
Watched the whole game.  BAD CALL!!
The most horrible call ever he needs to retire that umpire he really suck in the career of umpire’s
angel has to know someone upstairs because anyone else that bad at their job would be gone,,,  i know calls will be missed and mistakes made,were all human,but this guy is beyond bad at his job
I'm glad that at least one person can be happy with the out comes of Angels' calls
Angel Hernandez is a joke.
I think Hernandez uses illegal drugs.
People are making too much of this. For Angel Fernandez, this isn’t that bad a a call…….
Harper ended up signing that helmet for the kid.
Angel Hernandez should have to pay every attendee of the games he umps a $1 for every garbage call he makes, he might rethink his calls or his career path.
Angel Hernandez is the actual reincarnation of Helen Keller
If we're not going to fire angel hernandez, then we need an angel hernandez rule; you're allowed to yell at angel all you want when he makes a bad call and he can't eject you
There aren't many universally agreed upon things among all sports fans. "Angel Hernandez is the worst" is definitely one of them
Watching this on AT@T Sportsnet which is the pirates channel, and this was just so funny when I saw this
It almost looks like you are playing the same video twice during the compare lol, that's how exactly they are.
Four words: ANGEL NEEDS TO GO
Devil Hernandez strikes again
You are right Bryce Harper, Angel Hernandez does suck the worst umpire in the planet
Ahhh affirmative action at its finest
2 half swings equal one swing
Such bs someone so bad has immunity from being fired. If he was this bad at any other job in the world he would’ve been gone a looooong time ago. Disgraceful
He went around. Sorry.
How much money did Hernandez have on the game?
This is further proof angel is really the devil for his abysmal umpiring 😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈😈
walking away you can here him say you're the worst ump in the league
Angel Hernandez is making umpiring great again!
This is the best case scenario for Angel. He can't be fired, so put him as the 3rd base ump. Ya he's gonna miss calls a bunch but at least he isn't calling balls and strikes, or at 1st where there's gonna be way more close calls
I don’t care how bad the call was, Bryce Harper is a manCHILD
A broken clock is better than Angel Hernandez. It’s right twice a day
Do they drug test umpires?
I'd like to congratulate Angel Hernandez for figuring out how to screw up ball/strike calls while umpiring third base as effectively as he does when he's behind the plate.
Most infamous ump in MLB history 😂
In today's society..if men and women can choose to be the opposite...then Angel can choose to be an umpire.
Angel is like that safety hazard at work. Everyone knows it’s a safety hazard, but no one does anything about it until someone gets hurt. Except in his case, no one does anything about how bad he is and always has been
I don’t know how people say the mob doesn’t exist. Angel Hernandez still got the job. If that’s not proof I don’t know what is.
The Minor League's ABS system would solve the Angel Hernandez problem, just saying.
Angel is the Joe Biden of baseball.........doesn’t know where he is or what’s going on.
Lesion learned, Angel Hernandez is a good guy, he was just trying to get that kid a helmet
It takes all kinds
It's time to go Angel yes  RETIRE
Bryce also signed the helmet for the kid. Nice move.
I wish I could be as bad at my job as Angel and not get fired. Must be nice.
Can someone please sue the Umpires' Union for Conspiracy to fix the outcome of games?
He's so terrible at his job. That wasn't even close to a swing. He really needs to go.
Angel Hernandez has to be the worst umpire in the history of the game I don’t see how he still has a job
The only thing I know about baseball is that a guy named Angel makes it harder for everyone
Tell me again how Hernandez still has a job?
Disney needs to do a movie called Angel in the Outfield. Where they just stick Angel at the warning track where he belongs.
MLB umpires are an absolute disgrace. Consistently awful.
ANYTHIME you  have to leave a game, outside of getting injured on a hustle play, you've let your team down...PERIOD! Sooooo, there's that.  Take your bad call and go sit down.
And i thought third base was the one spot you could put Angel Hernandez without harm!
Jomboy, you make my day every time you show Angel H being his own, terrible self. Thank you mate.
MLB can hire me and I bet I'll be better than Angel
“Umpires get a report card after each game, that’s the incentive to be better”.  Well Hernandez clearly doesn’t give a crap about his report card; there’s no accountability for him, and it’s gotten to the point where MLB needs to try firing him again.
“Let me get my gum out of my mouth”.  Classic play by play!
I am surprised the umps go to line isnt " well just do better next time"
Get rid of that ump. He sucks consistently. He has some kind of chip on his shoulder. Must have been cut ftom the varsity squad in high school. No baseball letter for you.
1:42  Bryce Harper is at the plate.  What is the young Phillies fan directly behind the home plate umpire looking at?  I guess he's not a big fan of Harper.
As if Kyle Schwarber didn't tear into his ass hard enough last year, Angel just don't get it does he?...
I'm for unions in general, but jfc the umpires union must have mlb in a vice grip
He has to be aware of the mountain of objective video evidence of how awful he is, right? Why does he trust his own judgment at this point?
To give Angel Hernandez some credit he is really good at calling balks
Bryce has he walked back to the crowd said “you’re the worst umpire in the league” it got picked up on tv
I have to give credit where credit is due. Angel Hernandez is consistent.
Angel should have been a cop. He can make any situation worse
As soon as I saw this I knew a jomboy vid was coming
that kid missed both pitches.
You should of played the audio of what Harper said after
I can't believe that Hernandez still has a job 😂
They need to do replays like football but I guess it would take too much time. That was a really bad call and the ref should be ejected 😂
Deservedly
And i thought we had a rough schedule for the end of the season playing the best team in baseball and the best record this year right now, but at least we dont have Angel Hernandez calling a game with a non contender
That’s why this guy doesn’t need to be anywhere in a post season game…he’s the worst…I’m glad he lost his suit 😂
I think Bryce Harper went on to sign that kid's helmet   haha
The amount of game Angel has sold is through the rough of T Mobile
HOW does the Ump Union keep Angel from getting fired ?   Any other job you can't do your job you get fired.   "Poor performance"  is a fireable offense.  And he has been absolute JACK-SHIT for YEARS.   It has been scientifically proven he is the worst in the League.
I was there!
I'm not kidding; the only way Angel Hernandez is no longer umpiring games is when he dies. This isn't a threat, YouTube, seems down. But it is the cold hard truth. The umpires union is too strong, for it's own good really, in this case. And Angel knows this. He's never- NEVER- going to give up this gig. So again, the only way this embarrassing farce ends, is when he draws his last breath. And it will be the only death where people on Twitter go "huh, crazy, oh well play ball!"
Bryce Harper does lose his cool considerably often. But this was warranted. Angel Hernandez is just guessing when he makes calls out there.
2:45 dude IMAGINE how fucking sweaty that helmet is 😂 that kid doesn’t care tho
I get Hernandez is a terrible umpire…but is it just me or is Bryce Harper becoming a cry baby?
He is as bad for the game as blackouts are.
I got into baseball pretty recent. Loved the game for 2 years or so. Umps and "unspoken rules" killed ot for me.  Still the first weeks of this year series got me hoping that this dinosaur mentality this sport has can be changed for better
Angel Hernandez is so bad that it actually feels like he’s just missing calls on purpose to mess with people and get a rise out of them.
I'm just glad that kid is happy
better off having Stevie Wonder umpiring
The Kids never taking that helmet off :)
Can we all just accept that Angel just wants to make kids happy?
This is why unions are trash. When the worst imlire in the history of the sport cant get fired.
Why is he so bad?
Thanks for putting this together before going to sleep, you knew we couldnt wait for another episode of Philly VS. Angel Hernandez 😂
Angel might actually be blind
What a crybaby
Real quick internet search: a game worn Bryce Harper helmet sold for $2,500. The kids should be happy
And some light "Angel sucks" chants in the stands
Who oversees the umps? I mean there can’t be a shortage of potentially better umps to pick from. After all this time. How much more does one need?
Bryce is on here screaming like a child literally every single day
As Harper should. Angel is the WORST umpire in the history of the MLB
I laugh that people bet on sports when you have officiating like this. Most “ bad “ officiating is deliberate in sports because these officials know what the spread is before game time or they’re outright told to “ fix “ the game ! No one can deny this
this kid is happy now, in 30 years he will be rich.... selling this helmet for an amount of money to a collector... nice👍
If i was a ball player i would have told angel hernandez get your eyes checked and find a new job.  Then he would through me out and i would have gotten my moneys worth.
I really believe Angel zones out half the time and then just guesses what he thinks the call should be and hopes no one calls him on it.
I’m not sure what you’re looking for on a checked swing. Maybe you can do an explainer next time on a check swing. Love the vids Jomboy
Pretty identical doesn't sum up that they're the same jajajaja i want to see angel trying to figure out which one was the swing
You know that umpire is bad when I recognize his name through Jomboy
Angel Hernandez has officially converted me to becoming anti-union
Hey I'm from Australia our Eagles are bigger and why no love for the braves love those guys can you do the foul ball that snit got ejected for
The game of baseball is trash. This is why. You have these bad umpire shoe call strikes, when the ball is not in the box. Everyone who watches baseball knows exactly what I'm saying is right. It's fraud. No other way to look at it, and when you have a debt play games like this, how can anyone think about betting on a game? The game is not LEGIT!!!
While Bryce Harper is a baby, Angel Hernandez is the worst unpire in the majoe leagues. He should never be in any position of authority.
I wonder if he’s looking himself in the mirror while brushing his teeth , thinking, “nah, its no big deal, no one notices I’m incompetent”
Angel up to his old tricks again 😂😂😂
Angel is like that one bad cop being protected by all the "good" cops
Been waiting for this!
Don't give me he can't lose his job because he's in a union. Even people in unions can lose their jobs for incompetence.
One of the few people I dislike in baseball more than Angel Hernandez is Bryce Harper, so I had a good laugh at this one. I wonder what Rob Thomson thinks of this.....or if he only criticizes other teams behaviors when they're hitting 4 and 5 homers a game against them.
Angel being Angel. Horrible.
All that's missing is Moe in that duo..
baseball umpires are easily the most unprofessional and flawed members of pro sports around the world. i don't know of anyone else thats worse at their own job on a consistent bases and takes so much offense to being told when they're wrong. only a few times has an umpire ever apologized too. i think once for that first base ump that ruined a perfect game and maybe 1 or 2 other times in over 100 years. they have never faced any accountability. i can't remember an umpire in the major leagues ever being punished. if they have its probly just as rare. the only thing we can do as sports fans is move on from the game because even with the technology they refuse to replace them due to some tradition. i've been watching less and less games because of it. every time my bluejays have had any chance at going far theyve been shut down by shady calls. i literally watch maybe 5 games a year now. baseball isn't fun anymore. i hate it
Two of the least likable people in baseball
He wasn't looking..he just guessed
Some people feel the need to justify their existence in a game
He's the worst ump... how has he not been canned? Also, Bryce signed the helmet for that kid.
If being a bad umpire was a crime, Angel Hernandez should have received the Death Penalty.
Its true. They play 100 games a year. That kid doesnt get 100 rage throw helmets a year. Justified
What a night for that young boy at the ballpark. He gets to witness Angel at his best and gets a signed autographed helmet that will always be a reminder of his family trips to the ballpark, all of this made possible by Angel.
This isn’t about the video, but when you play the two swings side by side it’s amazing how you could tell someone that their the same video and it would be believable. These players swings are so consistent
He needs to be investigated
I'm torn between my dislike of Bryce Harper and my dislike of Angel Hernandez. Glad that kid had his day made though.
It's honestly a bit unclear whether he's actually this bad or just trolling everyone and getting paid for it. I could really go either way.
Im waiting for the day a player just says f*** it and decks Angel in the face. I just hope its not a player I like🤷
and to add insult to injury this terrible ump is suing mlb for discrimination
Angel would make a great hockey ref :)
I wonder if there's an MLB rule that allows for the removal of an umpire during a game if his calls are so egregiously wrong that it's no longer a question of his fitness to do the job. I hope they're perfecting the robo umpire in the minor leagues so they can use the system in the MLB. The success of the pitch clock has silenced the dinosaurs and now is the time to move.
The umpires have been atrocious all year. They don't deserve their jobs, bring in the robots.
When Angel umps he just shakes a magic 8 ball real quick and then makes the call based on that
HOW IS HE STILL WORKING PUT HIM IN THE MINORS
I'll give Angel one thing, he's consistent. I just don't understand how this is allowed to continue. He would screw up if he was on the video review crew.
Funny how angel says “you’ll see” as if he’s not proven wrong every time this happens.
Angel sucks...his phone blows up every game for all his missed calls
I don’t know how many photos of different ump union bosses In compromised positions Angel has.  But, it’s at least double digits at this point.
We knew we were going to get majorly fucked at some point by Angel Hernandez before the end of the series. Never fails. I was so pissed, I had to leave the room to scream (then I laughed at myself for taking sports too seriously). I was full raging on the chat. Also, as soon as it happened, I knew it'd end up here. THERE WERE MORE EXAGGERATED CHECK SWINGS THAT WEREN'T CALLED A STRIKE. When will the union leave Angel to the pack of wolves known as EVERY BASEBALL FAN? Arguably, this cost the Phillies the game.
I love that Hernandez says "you'll see" since Hernandez will never see the diamond during a World Series.
Watched that part of the game while waiting to watch the Red Sox lose again. When that happened my 11yr old son, said “daddy was that Angel Hernandez?” We watch a lot of baseball but don’t follow closely enough to know umpires and even he knows of Angel’s track record lol.
I was waiting for this video to come out! By far my favorite ejection from bryce! Angel is terrible!
as much as i dont like harper….. he is entertaining haha
Does someone need to find some dirt on Hernandez to get him fired or something?
I’ve never liked Bryce Harper but he was absolutely right to go after Angel Hernandez. The worst umpire in the history of baseball.
I'm gonna sue Angel for emotional damages stemming from his belief that he doesn't get postseason assignments for any reason besides his total and complete incompetence.
Angel is so bad The unions are ridiculous keeping him in this bullshit position
We all know he’s doing this on purpose. He gets a kick out of making the wrong call. No way he’s actually this bad. Thats not even remotely close to a swing.
The kid with the helmet is now telling everyone around him “see, now you’ll see”
great stuff as always! would love a breakdown of the 10th inning the other night between the phillies and mets, including both the double batter timeout and mcneil’s foul ball off his junk
Drinking my coffee, and watching this. So, thanks, this had me laughing.  Good start of the morning before work.
Why has the Cuban Mafia not put a hit on this guy?
In Angel Hernandez wasn’t an umpire 20 years ago, I’d be convinced he’s AI.
Genuinely, I’m done with baseball until people like him and CB are tossed from the league. There’s no reason for these people exist let along umpire. I’m switching to cricket until they are gone and we get robo umps. I’m here to watch players not umps.
I used to work at Yard House LA Live and Angel Hernandez came in ordered a drink sat there at a table by himself for 3 hours didn't even finish the beer and didn't say a word to anybody straight weirdo got no friends
Does this ump have tenure or what?
The man needs a personal improvement plan.  Again. For the 20th time.
Wild how many times I see this Angel Hernandez ump in blind ump highlights
Bryce is amazingly right
The footage is extremely clear and damning, it's obviously just racism directed at Angel.
A big hot head and a big air head. Bad combination.
We all saw, Angel, we all saw.  I will saw, to Jomboy, there are better replays than this where you can see his bat never crosses the plate but on this video you can't see the plate at all.
Not really trying to defend angel, but If I'm not mistaken, the swing call is a judgement call.  It doesn't have to do with whether the bathead crossed the plate; just if the batter's intention was to swing  I realize, though, that it's one thing how a rule is written, and another, how it's enforced. Angel should know that
Angel is a definite first ballot HOF POS
War crimes committed by angel
This man symbolizes everything that's wrong with this country right now. He's protected cause of diversity. Nobody should keep a job when they are as bad as AH is at it.
When asked if the helmet made up for the missed call, the kid replied "no".
Can enough fans sign a petition to have him removed?
Youtube creators really need to start adding 10 seconds of black frames at the end of every video because the stupid windows that popup during that time period won't let me see WTF is going on or, in the case of this video, what Jomboy is talking about!
Fans don’t pay to see Bryce Harper.  They pay to see angel hernandez
Well damn lol
Always though Bryce would simmer down as he’s aged. Nvm. Also haven’t watched baseball since 2013ish why is angel Hernandez allowed to still ump?
塁審でも存在感凄い😇ヘルナンデス被害者の会は会長シュワーバー副会長ハーパーで良いかな？ 近年PHI選手によるリアクションが目立ってるだけで氷山の一角なのかな。
I'm honestly surprised that the players union hasn't payed someone to disappear that poor excuse of an umpire.  Time and time again ,he's proven that he is incompetent at his job, yet is still employed by the MLB.  Where else in the pinnacle of any profession is repeated incompetence accepted?
After the game Bryce signed his helmet for the kid who caught and was wearing it, class act
Union has to do better. It’s ridiculous at this point of Angel’s career
He’s the head umpire for the wildcard series!
angel hernandez is the earl hebner of baseball.
Umpires should not famous. Angel is.
Plot Twist: Angel Hernandez is actually paid by MLB to be a villain so fans come to see his show
Bryce Harper throwing the Helmet in the stands reminded me when Marcus peters threw the referee flag in the stands during a NFL game
Hey props to the crowd for giving the helmet to the kid. Made even more of a memory out of that kid's game than it already was. I feel like I'm missing something here..... Oh ya! Angel Hernandez os a literal dumster fire given the powers of a major league ump.
Unions doing what they do best,  protecting worthless employees.
Angel Hernandez is a poster child for why unions need a little less power sometimes.  Shoulda been fired 10+ years ago.  It is legit easier for MLB to take a team away from a bad owner than it is for them to fire an umpire for being terrible.  Thats wild.
He’s on the take !!
I don’t watch baseball much. Not my sport. I do know Angel ump is trash tho. He’s consistently bad to my knowledge. Why does mlb still employ him?
I wonder how many umps have been fired by the MLB who were better than this guy.
A silver lining on the sh** cloud that is Angel Hernandez's umpiring.
Everyone who has played with him or met him says he’s incredibly nice
Hi im Angel  Hi Angel  And im addicted to trolling baseball players & fans.
He makes a 300k salary and can't do his job
I haven't watched baseball in quite a while but can someone explain to me how that's not a swing? Looked like his hips were all the way turned out, his hands went all the way through the box and out in front and his wrist broke at the end. What constitutes a swing vs a check swing exactly?
Brah I hate all Philly sports and I never seen a worse call
oh hey, its the P00P game
AH should be fined 10k for that call
it really is incredible how delusional angel is
He’s so bad! I hate the Phillis so much and I admire this is the worst call I’ve seen in years!!?
There is no way he swung there, what an awful call that was.
Can't believe there's a safer job than NBA referees 😂😂😂😂
I mean bryce is right. He is terrible
Angel Hernandez: Professional Liability
PREVIOUSLY ON ANGEL HERNANDEZ:  Jomboy (2022): "What I don't get is why does every single umpire have to call balls and strikes... just make him the 3RD BASE UMP. He knows the rules and he barely gets any action... Not every ump should have to do every position of umping because Angel Hernandez... he ain't a behind the plate ump."
This guy needs to cut down on the steroids.
MLB teams should just collectively refuse to play games when Angel is scheduled to ump - sure they might have to cough up some fines but sooner or later the league would have to react... Players have to perform to be able to play at the major league level, why don't umpires?
Knowing Hernandez and his history he'll probably sue Harper for hurting his feelings just like he constantly sues the MLB.
Man I saw this and thought wow, I hope Jimmy covers it, there's so much I need lipreading on. Glad you did!
He has to have skin in the game or something. He is so obviously bad that it has to be on purpose.
I don't follow baseball.  Why is it that I know who Angel Hernandez is/was before clicking into this video?
I won't stand for this Angel Hernandez slander. It was all scheme to get a kid a sweet souvenir.
The kid getting the helmet makes it all ok.
Those two swings are so damn identical its actually hilarious
At 1:42 am I the only one thinking this is a “They’re the same picture” moment?
Good guy Angel Hernandez making that kid happy. Well done, Angel
When jomboy posts an angel hernandez video… I drop everything I’m doing and watch.
Angel H needs to stop taking nips in between innings! Horrible call and Bryce H is the best we need more of this in baseball! So many players hold back B H just doesn’t give Fook ❤
Say Angel HernaaNOOO FCKIN WAY!!!
Angel kills the game
Even little leaguers wouldn't deserve him if he was relegated
As bad as Angel Hernandez was on this call, the home plate umpire should have never even asked for help on the appeal of either of these 2 Harper "swings".  Does the home plate umpire not watch Jomboy videos to know how terrible Angel is?
Angel Hernandez is the LAST person that should ever say "You'll see".     Everybody knows how bad he is so there is absolutely ZERO chance that he's not away of his lack of accuracy.   What I would expect him to say at this point is something like,  "I made what I thought was the right call, but as you know, I'm often proven wrong and to be honest, I'm not sure how they're still letting me do this job. lul"
Bryce isn't wrong, but he's also a hot-head who hurts his team by getting thrown out.  I understand he's passionate, and I'm guilty of the same, but you gotta be better than that.
The only worse Angel in history was maybe Josef Mengele, the Nazi Angel of Death.
I called Angel after the came to discuss this...he missed that call too...
Why don’t they point out how bad that call will look on jomboy?
Why tf does angel have a job?!?!?!
Joke's on Harper, Angel Hernandez can't see.
I've never understood why the MLB allows Angel Hernandez to umpire MLB games.  They should have demoted him to single A, many many YEARS ago.
That kid was feeling like a million dollars
How is he still an umpire? I seriously don’t get it
This is proof that if Angel Hernandez was a good umpire there would be less happy kids in the world
Angel needs to be swung at…   Bat will help!!!
If angel cares about the game and of baseball, he’d retire
Straight up, if you let the players rough up these terrible umps a lil bit every now and then, these bad calls would disappear
I've never looked at a side by side like this, but it's honestly impressive how identical both of those takes were from harper. in any sport, in any motion, it's impressive how consistent good players are at doing the exact same thing. He didn't go, angel is a fucking loser, bryce harper looks like a fuckin machine with that side by side
Angel Hernandez is probably not a bad guy but boy, he’s not the sharpest ump in the shed.
Classic Jom Boy breakdown Bryce always provides
I love this channel haha, these are always so well done
Sad to say but the games we know angel hernandez is calling probably get huge ratings and attention knowing he’s gonna screw up on the next level…..prove me wrong
Never been a huge Harper or Philly fan, but I back him to the ends of the earth here. He's right. Angel is a disgrace to all umpires, all baseball, all sport.
I’m convinced Angel owns stock in some robotic umpiring company
Better man than me, would have slapped him to show him life consequences
The umpires union is the worst thing in baseball
This is the only current umpire’s name I know, go figure
Bryce most certainly did not swing. Angel is the worst
‘Angel Hernandez tragically beaten to death’ needs to be a headline soon.
You got to love the catcher knowing Angel is prone to making bad calls, instantly looks to him to get the call 😂
jokes on that lady, the recommended video popped up over her face, so I can't even see how she looks without the gum in her mouth
I don’t give a crap if the umps are unionized, Angel Hernandez is an embarrassment to MLB, which is saying something. He cries racism, but he has to have one of the worst umpire scorecards in history.
Appreciate you not shitting on Hernandez but something has to be done about guys like him. There has to be some accountability with umpires. I’m a baseball purist but they are making me a fan of robot umps and more replay until something happens.
I saw the thumbnail and thought it was an old vid. Nope
at this point, no one can convince me that angel doesnt bet on games
I love how fast the Angel Hernandez breakdowns come out.  This happened maybe 7 hours from me typing this.
Lol what’s really going on with Bryce
Legand has it that Angel Hernandez still cannot see.
I sincerely feel that when Angel doesn’t get enough attention at home, he does shit like this to compensate.
Garbage call for Hollywood Hulk Harper.
Them guys should be put out in the middle of the crowds after these calls. Crazy how at the drop of a hat that they can just change the game..
Atleast the kid got a helmet out of it 😄
I see angel I eagerly watch
“You swung” HahahAh
Angel ruined Bryce’s day but at least he made that kid’s day - ying and yang of bad umpiring.
Angel Hernandez making a bad strike call on a full count?! I'm shocked!
Ummm he did swing, looks as his clapsed hands pass his waist line toward 3rd
He's just embracing how bad he is at this point
One of these days Angel Hernandez is going to piss somebody off enough that they're going to fuck him up and on that day I'll be so happy.
Can we talk about the identical mechanics on those two checked swings? Like. Frame for frame.
Wasn't even close
When youre that bad at your job...its time to retire.....Angel.......dayum
Angel is doing this shit on purpose to ruin the league because of his past false grievances...dude needs to be thrown out of the league with  prejudice...which happens to be what he wants.
How does Angel Hernandez still have a job in baseball. He's horrible and has been for years
Harper is the MLB equivalent to Lebron and NBA!!!! Fkin Bawl Babies!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Your commentary might be the best / funniest shit ever 😂
Angel really needs to retire
When will MLB realize how much Angel Hernandez sucks?
the logic to get to the kid's happiness, jomboy classic!
until umps are better or replace i have no interest in baseball, if i wanted to watch power trips Id go back to living in college dorms with RAs
There’s literally nowhere you can put Angel to hide him, he’ll always find a way to make an egregious call
How the hell is angel still in the mlb
He must have no self respect. How else could he continue in a job he obviously has no aptitude for with such public scrutiny?
Angel needs to be fired
WTF can't they fire this guy? If he was in any other job he'd been gone long time ago.
Harper had every right to react that way. That call was egregious.
Get it right BASEBALL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Replay the call!!!!!!!!!!!!Umps need to be accountable  for their job.
I'll bet Angel Hernandez sits down while he pees
Angel Hernandez sued MLB for discriminatory because he hasn’t been assigned to the World Series in over a decade.  It’s because of discrimination, not because he’s bad at his job.
Angel never passes up an opportunity to make it about himself. Brutal
Angel’s still out there huh?
Angel should be tried for crimes against humanity at this point
Is this the norm now? You absolutely suck at your job and can remain employed? Does having a Union allow this to continue?
Wait for Angel in the WS. 🤣 🤣 🤣
When the HELL will MLB take their UMPIRES as just EMPLOYEEES!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is getting OLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can we just promote Hernandez to something where he like…doesn’t actually have to ever be on an mlb field? Like head janitor or something?
If Angel Hernandez were a white dude named Mike Williams he would've been relegated to selling rakes and fertilizer at Ace Hardware 7 years ago.
What a crook. Deplorable , how man still has a job, I don't know
Angel Hernandez needs to retire, or get fired ,!!!! 🤣🤣😝😝🤬🤬
Angel should go to an ophthalmologist
2:50 This did a lot to redeem such a pitiful series of events.
Name a job other than an government official where you can be so awful yet keep it
classic Jomboy, up late grinding trying to get the breakdown out right away. jomboy is the goat.
I don't give a shit. Angel Hernandez is the best.
Angel knows how to ruin baseball
What blows my mind is the fact that there are court documents in existence – documents that Angel Hernandez created through his own actions – that attest to his incompetence as an MLB Umpire.
If you showed both those check swings side by side, without any pitch tracker or count, I would think it was the exact same swing.
The Angel Hernandez thing wouldnt be so bad if MLB actually fined or punished the guy once in a while.
Damn, getting a Harper Helmet in the throwback style. That kid is balln’
I thought  angel was in the minor leagues for some reason.
That kid who got his helmet is the true MVP
It's nice to see that he's versatile enough to make bad calls from 90 ft. away as opposed to right behind the plate.
Angel did a good thing today
Lol that was quick. Oh man something really needs to be done on this crap umpire.
Bat ends up pointing down at the ground, below the horizontal, in the middle of the strike zone.. "didn't swing" my ass.
Let's Go O's!
Bryce also signed the helmet for the little dude!
Why don’t they protest every game he referees? Both teams don’t come out of the dugout until he is replaced?
Kid actually got the greatest souvenir of all time
I see
On Today's Episode of "Why does Angel Hernandez still have a job in the MLB?" Bryce Harper's Check Swing.
Harper yelling you're garbage at Angel is the realest thing ever said on a baseball diamond
Why not just review the footage right there on the spot like what they do on fifa
Angel is horrible but giving a kid that helmet just because he is a kid is worse. Fuck that.
i should not know any umps names but i sure do know Angel's, he will never change and he will punish baseball for the rest of his life for the not making him a crew chief.
As bad as Hernandez is, I've seen so many 1st and 3rd base umps, basically guess on check swings. That one was so obvious it's not even funny, though. It's another vague and strange rule in baseball that's just a judgment call with nothing to back it up. The rule isn't even written clearly. A lot of people just think the bat has to break the front of the plate. Others say it's about how the batter rolls his wrists. And that's not helped by the rule that defines a swing simply as "an attempt to strike at the ball." Wtf is that, truly?   My definition is simple. It's about more than the wrists and the front of the plate. It's about torque in hips, wrists, and how far the bat moves. Some players stand closer to the front of the box so they may cross the front line of the plate quicker than others. If it's a little quarter swing like this very obviously is, it's not swing. You can see it in their body and from where the swing starts and ends.   Oh well, at the end of the day, it's a judgment call by the umps, like balls and strikes. They already mess those up enough as it is. It would be cool if they had technology that could detect what's a strike and what's a ball, and they just used that instead of trusting an old man's eyes from behind the catcher. One day maybe it will be installed in every single ballpark and we won't have to deal with these inept fucking idiots. Oh wait, it's already in every ballpark. They just don't use it for some stupid reason...
Players should just start boycotting Angel Hernandez. If he is on the umpire team for your game, refuse to play unless he is replaced. If every team commits to that, maybe he would finally be fired.
Can the players go on strike and not play if Angel Hernandez is on the field?  It’d be pretty cool to see all of them waiting in the dugout until he is escorted off the field
The other umpires didn't even try to defend the call...They knew it was bad.
Angel Hernandez is a diversity hire.
Jomboy you're so funny dude
Looks like a swing to me ! No rookie here , been watching baseball since 1964 !
ahh, yes... _classic_ hernandez.  i _almost_ feel *bad* for the guy---i mean, it's _really_ gotta *suck* to *_know_* you're the _worst_ ump in the league, and the _only_ reason you're still around is because of the union... truly, an _undesirable_ position to be in, lol.
Schwarber, now Harper? Angel really likes the Phillies I guess.
Couldn’t click any faster to watch this 😂 excellent job as always
In the words immortalized in the movie Ron Burgundy, "60% of the time, Angel Hernandez gets the call wrong every time."
Battle of the divas!.  when is harper retiring and bellyaching he is not in the hof
Wow, normally people always swing on those check swings. For once in my life, someone didn’t swing on a check.
Angel been messing games up since gallaraga
I had a dream last night. Game 7 of the World Series. Bottom 9th, sacks full, two out, 3-2 count, and Angel Hernandez has the plate. Woke up drenched in sweat and cried for my mom.
I know who Angel Hernandez is only because of the notoriety he constantly gets for being a terrible MLB umpire.
After Angel watches the replay: "He did swing! See?" . . . "Oh wait _that's_ of a swing? Well its not my job to know the damn rules, why did no one tell me about breaking the plane?"
I’m sure this has been said in the comments but Harper also asked the kid if he wanted him to sign the helmet.    Awesome for that little dude.   #RingTheBell
You know who needs to be held accountable is MLB or Umpires Union....Angel Hernandez is a disgrace, BUT his "boss" does nothing...
You'll see and this kid gets a helmet. lmaoooo Angel Hernandez shouldn't have a job.
Angel hernandez and bad calls is like peanut butter and jelly
lol unions.
Angel is the HALLMARK example of umps who know their days are limited, so instead of taking the gentlemanly high road into the annals of baseball history, they are kicking and screaming and power tripping their way into obscurity. Hasta la vista, assholes. Bring on the robots.
Not even CLOSE to a swing. 😂
I can't tell if Angel is so cool during that exchange because he's so bad he legit thinks there's no way he got the call wrong or else because he's so used to blowing calls he doesn't care anymore and just enjoys trolling the angry players. Heck, maybe he blows calls on purpose at this point as a joke, he knows by now there are no consequences.
Holy cow! Look at the incredible symmetry of Harper.
Feels like we haven't seen an Angel Hernandez video in a while.  Has he managed to be less terrible lately or has he been the usual amount of terrible and this time he was exceptionally terrible?
Phillies players to go off on Angel Hernandez...  2022: Schwarber 2023 Harper  Curious who's gonna go off on him next year
At this point, Angel Hernandez's career is beyond humorous. He LITERALLY sued baseball for not giving him playoff games, and lost because the judge essentially agreed he was just a bad umpire. He's got no other career to turn to, so he clings to this one like grim death. AND YET Bryce Harper was still 100% out of line. You KNOW Angel Hernandez will make bad calls. You're a PROFESSIONAL and deal with it. Tired of $20M/year babies on the field.
Ball tossed into the crowd = give it to a kid Helmet tossed into the crowd = I'm going home with that helmet
If Angel Hernandez isn't so bad, this kid isn't so happy. Jomboy really keeping things in perspective!
If im Harper im not even leaving the game. I refuse to acknowledge that Angel Hernandez is a real umpire, so who cares what he says
Ángel rigging bets
its nice having Angel Hernandez as an umpire in the MLB. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . the bar is set pretty low so I'll be able to jump in at any time :D
Go away Angel my god I'm sure he has post season games on the schedule to ruin as well
Angel Hernandez making a bad call? Say it ain't so!
Angel Hernandez makes me want to break the union.
Can we cancel someone so they lose their job if they're just totally shit at it?
Every team should join together and make sure angel is beaned all the time. Just purposely chuck the ball at him. What's the mlb gonna do? Ban the whole league?
Like I said in the previous video of Harper's rage, his facial expressions are funny when he's pissed off 🤣
The umpires make baseball such a dumb sport
Remember when you said he should permanently be at third base cause it's where he would cause the least amount of trouble?
By far the worst umpire.
angel hernandez is the worst thing to ever hit baseball
They should really have a system where guys like Angel get docked pay for making terrible calls like he's known for doing. If you know an ump by name that usually means they suck at their job.
You never see Angel in these situations.
How is that being a weirdo ?
This is why people do not watch baseball. The entire thing is a joke.
Jomboy video #1001 proving why this sport is trash.
Imagine being nationally famous for being incredibly bad at your job
Damn made that kids life right there. How awesome!!!!
Angel needs LASIC
Harper should have thrown Angel Hernandez into the stands along with the helmet
You should be allowed to challenge strike 3. Mind you it should be after the 6th inning so it wouldn't allow here per se.
I never give instructions to attack a referee in the little league, you do it and don't play again, until you know how to control your emotions
Those powder blue hoodies are fire
funny enough they interview the kid later about the helmet, he tricked the "dads" (as he calls em) into giving the helmet to him by shouting "give it to the kid" in the mosh pit. pretty clever.
Name a more famous ump than Angel Hernandez. He wins. He always wins.
Harper is clearly racist, telling Angel that he didn't swing. The camera is also racist, for proving that he didn't swing. In fact, reality is racist. That's why Angel doesn't listen to it.
Hilarious this guy still gas a great job that he cant do.?
I want to see Angel’s reaction to watching the replay after the game.
Im done watching baseball forever if Angel is a ref next year. No excuse for MLB to let him continue to devalue the game for soooo long.
Just when I thought Angel couldn't get any worse...
i hate the phillies just as much as the next person but that call was criminal like really Angel should be fined or suspended
That’s a positive way of looking at it Jomboy! 😂
Angel being trash and Bryce being mad.  All is right in the world.
Royd rage
Angel hernandez really needs to be fired. He is an embarrassment to baseball.
I'm a Buccos fan, but my sweet Lord, that was horrible.  Edit: Went back to the Schwarber rant a year ago when Jimmy said, "Let him ump 3rd." Lol
Angel Hernandez: A One Man Anti-Union ad
worst. umpire. ever.
how is that fool Angel still allowed to ump lmao
When we thought Angel Hernandez disappears , he just comes back stronger
Either way half swings are just bad plays get the bum off the bat!!!!!!! White Sox gang
Thank you for the quickness
Man, that wasn't even close. 😂😂
What a psychopath.
In the end, Angel made a kid happy. What a great human being he is.
MLB commissioners are probably betting on games and are using their umps to make crap calls.  This ump has been helping to throw games for awhile
One day when Angel suckmerez is gone….we will miss the amazing footage he has given Jomboy over the years.
Braves fan here...I want to see Harper strike out all the time...but the man is a generational effing talent.   and he didn't swing at that.  Angel can go eff himself...
No reason for human umps.
Angel should be a national spokesperson for LASIK Vision Institute when he retires from MLB.
Angel Hernandez still umpiring means MLB just doesn't care. MLB is to blame 100%
They must have put him at third so he wouldn't have to try to call balls and strikes while he's seeing double.  Or he's not really looking and he's just making it up. That smug "You swung" is the smirk of someone who has job security.   Why is the ump union protecting this guy, exactly? Surely it would make the other umps look like tools for protecting someone who clearly can't do the job.
Okay mlb, i promise to stop bitching about the pitch clock if you fire Angel Hernandez.
Honestly, Angel Hernandez has to watch youtube and see how bad he really is
The umpires' union needs to SERIOUSLY consider kicking Angel out and letting MLB fire him. Time and time and time again, for years and years, he has shown not only a lack of improvement to his craft, but a haughty attitude of entitlement and narcissism that has alienated him from players, fans, and coaches alike, not to mention the lack of goodwill he has with many in the league's various executive branches from his actions on and off the field. At some point, SOMEBODY in some position of power needs to say enough is enough.
Well, at least the kid has a fun memory
Angel Hernandez is the GOAT of terrible umpiring. Undisputed.
Let's see here. - puts up great numbers and gives great highlights every year - curses out the human disgrace known as Angel Hernandez - throws a helmet into a crowd as a souvenir and signs it for a kid Bryce Harper = Absolute legend
What a silver lining ending. Angel shows us it's not about good baseball umping, but the fans we made along the way.
Angel Hernandez is the Shohei Ohtani of bad umpires… multi position terrible. A lack of talent we may never see again
Why is MLB so casual about bad umpiring?  The gambling?
Love players calling out Hernandez. He is trash. In any other profession someone that bad at their job is fired. Years ago.
can we get the M's walk-off vs the rangers from today?
angel is terrible, but it brings a special joy to my heart each time he makes bryce blow a tampon.  they're made for each other.
I glad baseball is still more of joke than politics. Just barely.
Now that I think about it, I'm starting to think Hernandez makes horrible calls on purpose just so he can throw someone out of the game. It's the only logical explanation I can think of, other than he's just flat out incompetent. 🤷‍♂
Just more proof MLB was correct for never letting him umpire another world series and passing him over for crew chief. This guy is a trash umpire.
Angel Hernandez is single-handedly ruining baseball. The man needs to be gone--preferably yesterday.
So he's a problem we can't get rid of... Could you just stop putting him behind home at least?   Is there anything requiring that they put him in the position he does the most damage?
Just yesterday I was wondering if Angel Hernandez was still umping.
Angel Hernandez is a product of the generation where every youth sports participant receives a trophy and mediocrity is rewarded to the detriment of those that strive to reach higher levels. In a woke world, he gets by half asleep while society crumbles.
Hooray for that happy kid
I dislike Bryce very much..he's an amazing player. Just not a fan..BUT...I fuckin HATE Angel Hernandez. He is the ONLY reason why I hate unions..i am in a union. But wtf..this is agreguous
That was a swing of the bat.
Interesting take.  A kid in the stands is happy over Angel's  screw up. 😂😂😂
I hate the Phillies but this is embarrassing. Bryce didn't break half the plane.
It will end when players start refusing to leave the game.
Umps need to be gone. Start slashing wages until a strike occurs then replace them with technology.
The fact that Angel Hernandez still has a job is evidence that there is no racism in professional sports. He keeps his job for no other reason than he's a minority.
Please start collecting firms to send to the MLB to fire Angel...
roid rage
Bryce ended up signing the helmet
😂 Damn Bryce is a Powder Keg 💣💥 He went off sooo fast. Check swing calls are almost always a flip of the coin. Not worth getting tossed that early in a game, but ohh well they already clinched
He swung tho...
Everyone is just hating on him because he's Cuban. That's why he doesn't get to ump postseason games.... Because he's Cuban. Because obviously he makes great calls.
Angel Hernandez makes it up as he goes
FYI at 1:27 he actually says "You're the worst Umpire in the game!" in the audio you can barely pick it up but it's there
I would refuse to play in any game Angel is umping. Fine me all you want, suspend me, do what you gotta do. Nothing will change if the players and the teams don't say 'fuck this shit' with their actions instead of their words.
He swung.
Imagine being so terribly bad at your job that everyone knows it + you take 0 accountability of your mistakes while keeping the job and expecting respect...This is the bad side of unions, competence is the way. They should just hire the best umps and only the best umps should keep their jobs.
Thats Wild how Identical the replays are.. From the Drop & Speed of the Pitch,the motion in the Check swing && Even the Kid in the Background
I really don't like Angel Hernandez.  A tolerated presence such as his makes me dislike professional baseball.
Just hate baseball now
Bro as soon as I saw this happen I was like “oh boy, can’t wait for the Jomboy breakdown”
Bryce is a Roid Rage Thug
you can’t put bro anywhere on the field without him blowing calls
He needs to be fired immediately.
I'd love to see Angel read an eye chart
Why TF is angel still an ump!? An of all places, home plate. So awful.
Its crazy that umpires never get held accountable for constant blown calls dudes a garbage ump
It’s time to gooooooo……..Angel
Reason #5476 I don't watch MLB anymore. But I do watch Jomboy. Season is almost over.  Time for MLB to fire Angel and C.B.
BRO WTF HOW WAS THAT STRIKE LMAOOOO
I’ll say it again. Teams should just refuse to take the field if he’s there. Yeah there’ll be fines and whatnot but eventually MLB will go with the path of least resistance and find a way to get rid of this embarrassment of an individual. His  continued presence is not only a mystery but mocks the game.
Shouldn't Angel be out?
1:04 I’m reading “you went” instead of “you swung”.
I honestly thought Hernandez was gone by now since I hadn’t heard much from him recently  And then I saw the clip today and my heart just died. How is this guy still an umpire???
Name a bad thing about Unions: Angel Hernandez.
As Bryce should, it was absolutely terrible
It’s always Angel Hernandez 😭
I'm a phils fan, and even I would say that the swing was borderline. You can hate on Angel all day, but that doesn't make every call wrong.
You put your pop up right over the girl.
We all missed Angel didn't we folks
At least a kid got a sweet souvenir
Umpires have a union and Amazon workers don't. Let that sink in. The only reason Angel Hernandez has a job is because of the union.
Identical pitches, identical locations, identical check swing. Somehow Angel calls them different. Oh Angel. What would we do without you?
I Angel interviewed NEOW!!!
Unfortunately, a swing is totally at the discretion of the umpire. There isn't a definition of what a checked swing should be vs a swing.
I'm not saying it's right, but if any player snapped and just beat Angel's ass, I wouldn't feel sorry for him.
That’s def wasn’t a swing
Someone gets Angel a white cane plz.
The Angel Hernandez BONER REEL just got about four minutes longer.  We’re approaching feature length now. 😖🥴
Second worst umpire in the history of baseball, and there’s no way anyone will ever overtake #1 and #2. Sad.
He's the worst umpire in the history of baseball. But remember it's racist to point out how terrible an umpire is if he's not white
They took angel off home plate at least baby steps. Next hopefully gone
I actually think it's amazing what Angel Hernandez does. In a year of many highs for the labor movement, he is single handedly propping up the argument against unions.
That is laughably wrong on hernandez's part. I know check settings can be a little subjective at times but that was egregiously bad.
All the cussing in this video and I get in trouble for saying the “S” word.
All that needs to happen - one time, is two teams who have Angel Hernandez against them as the home plate umpire, just refuse to take the field. Boycott the game if he's behind the plate.   What's MLB gonna do then?
I honestly think Angel does this just because he's bored and wants to stir the pot intentionally.
ha. I was waiting for this. Need the voice over. Thank you!
That wasn't even close to a swing.  Please MLB, do not put this man Hernandez in the post season, at all.
poor angel. been the worst in the biz for so long
It crazy that he still a umpire.
Angels’ lawsuit was just laying the groundwork for a wrongful termination suit
So is Angel Hernandez vs the Philadelphia Phillies going to be an annual event now?
Defund umpires
Can someone explain why he has extremely thick plot armor and can't be fired? My only consumption of Baseball is Jomboy and maybe clips/shorts/reels here and there, and Angel Hernandez is probably as famous as any other top tier baseball player because of how often he shows up. He's legitimately the only official in any sport that I know the name of, and it's not for a good reason. Should he not be relieved of his position, or have to pay some sort of fine for his mistakes? Players are fined for the smallest of mistakes, but the umpires can get away with high way robbery and murder of a kitten then come back to ump the next game.
Bryce is unhinged, he is kinda a baby.  Jomboy, you love this…the destruction of MLB.  😂😂😂😂
Bryce is wrong. Angel is seeing nothing. Not live, not later.
You would think that umpires would have to get their eyes tested to keep employed. I guess Angel has somehow circumvented that.
If we had robot umpires, we wouldn't have this...
A check swing is probably the hardest call for a umpire, sure looked like a check.
Angel hernandez looks like he wears other peoples skin
What's extra funny is Angel is so bad behind the plate they put him at 3rd where he would get the least action possible.. and he still manages to screw it up 🤦🏻‍♂️😂😂🤣🤣
Don't usually watch your videos, my bad!
Horrible call, but the funniest part is he's not technically wrong. He cant be. According to the rules there's no definition of a swing, its entirely umpire discretion. Cant be wrong if the rules say your abitrary opinion is right 😂
Can’t wait til AI takes over ..❤
You missed the part where he called him the worst ump in the league
Jomboy, that's why the appeal is to the third base umpire, not the 2nd base umpire or the center field camera.  Where is the good view of this play from left field?   Just pissing on this umpire - I call bull crap on your comments.  Watched the check swing in slow motion, can't tell.  Too late - bull crap!
Excellent breakdown -- Horrible call.
Umps honestly shouldn't be in the game anymore. We track everything already... why we need people like this?
Most people don't make $400,000+ a year to suck more than anything has ever sucked before 🤷🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
Angel hernandez is an excellent example of why unions are bad. 😂
It makes absolutely no sense that he's still an ump.  Do they not have performance reviews, or any kind of metric to evaluate if umps keep their jobs?
Check swings can be hard to call but that one wasn’t 🤦‍♂️
Angel is a disgrace to MLB. The players deserve better. The fans deserve better. 😞
Angel hernandez and the old umps like him are half the reason why I don't watch baseball anymore.
We shouldn't know the names of any of these umpires, but Hernandez makes every game he's apart of about him so we know his very well.
Guy has been a dumpster for a long time
Another over paid athlete
Angel shouldn’t even umpire a little league game
The union (MLBUA) is the only thing keeping his job intact…
The "check swing" should be reviewable.
Stevie Wonder would make a better ump than Angel
These kind of evidence makes me realise not even umpires know who swings and who does not. It makes me think umpiring is an act of faith.
Ruben on the broadcast team said when he was a player Hernandez used to do the same thing to him.
I think at this point you can just say Angel makes a call and we all know what happened.
Unions. Unions suck. They keep trash employees employed at wages they don't deserve. Wake up people.
Is anyone worse at their job than Angel Hernandez in all of major American sports?
Love the old school Phillies uniforns
kid getting the helmet is the best
Jomboy you should do the marlins manager arguing with the Mets grounds crew
I’m legitimately curious as to why Angel is so terrible. Does he not pay attention and guess at the call?  Does he not see things properly?  Does he not care and just make whatever call he wants to?  It’s fascinating to see one guy screw up so much…
Why is Angel even making that call from that position...
Angel was right. There is no such thing as a "check swing" in the rule book. If the bat starts moving into a swinging motion, it's a swing.
My only hope is that at the end of his career we get a comedy where John Bernthal plays Hernandez
Bryce had them bring him the helmet to sign for the kid. Fuckin awesome!
Hey Angel. This is why you aren’t umpiring in the World Series.
I know Harper gets feisty, but he's usually correct about the call. Angel should get his head checked
When a bad Mormon goes after a bad angel.  Wild stuff, folks.
At least Angel Hernandez is consistent at sucking..  He needs to be DFA’d.
We really need that 3rd base camera angle.
What do you mean? Its the same picture moment.
it call the buttterfly effect
Harper autographed the helmet for the kid after the game.  Respect.
How does he still have a job in this league...........
Angel Hernandez and Joe West absolutely pick up each others tabs at the bar.
Can the average, casual, middle of the road baseball fan name any other Umpire other than Hernandez? Probably not. It's because he's so goddamn awful at his job. Jayzus! What a maroon!
I can't stand Harper.  Have never liked him.  However, he's 100% correct here.  Not a swing whatsoever.  But, not a surprise either.  Look who made the call... worst umpire the game has ever seen.  He does it on purpose too.  I'm convinced.  No way you can "miss" as many calls as he does by accident.  He's a jackass.
If captured, what would you trade North Korea for to get Angel Hernandez back?  I offer herpes and reruns of the View.
Angel continues to be the worst umpire in the league. Nothing new here
Players think they’re safer when he’s not behind the plate, but HE ALWAYS FINDS A WAY TO FUCK IT UP.
He can’t even be third base ump…There’s literally no aspect of his job that he can perform competently.   The sport desperately needs to bust the umpire’s union.
I remember a year ago Jomboy said in another Angel breakdown "I don't see why they don't just put him on third where he won't have to do much, he just can't call strikes."  Well, here he is on third.
It’s the same check swing you can’t not call the first one and then call the second
If that was a world series game, 46,000 people would be waiting for Angel Hernandez in the parking lot.
Brought to you by a Union! AH is the absolute worst.
Getting a helmet is so dope
I love your logic at the end. Angel Hernandez sucks as an umpire so this kid can be happy.
Kid got a helmet so really Angel Hernandez is doing good out there.
Wow
Harper is just a Big Cry Baby 😢
Looking at his wikipedia page, there are so many "incidents," honestly, it's too short, but my favorite is this one: "In August 2017, Detroit Tigers second baseman Ian Kinsler was fined $10,000 by MLB for saying that Hernández was a bad umpire who 'needs to find another job.'"
The check swing side by side is weirdly mesmerizing
I don’t understand how this guy is still a ref. A random blind homeless man from Burma who has never heard of baseball would make better calls.
Angel Hernandez calling bad strikes even when he’s not behind the bag
Angel is is still in ump? I figured some team would have put a hit out on him years ago.
The players can fight eachother. I think the players should be able to fight the umps
I was waiting for this.
Pumped this one out quick. I was watching this game and the Philly broadcasters were all over Angel after every check swing for the rest of the game. It was beautiful
"If Angel Hernadez wasn't so awful, this kid wouldn't be so happy." I died laughing.  Its sad but true. That guy is the worst Ump in baseball history.
I gotta tell you, at this point it’s hard to tell who’s worse at his job; this umpire or President Biden
Angel's In The Infield
Glad to know in 2023 Bryce is still beefing HARD with angel
Angel was just doing a good deed and getting the kid Bryce’s helmet
Bryce did the right thing. At least someone standing up to his bullshit calls. He is terrible.
Angel Hernandez blowing calls in MLB is 1991.
Even when they hide him on third base he finds ways to assert his incompetence.
He speaks for all us.
Sometimes in life, when everything feels like it's a conspiracy against you, especially when you keep making the same mistakes over and over again, at some point you have to say to yourself "Maybe it's me".   It's you Angel. It's definitely you.
Harper went and signed the helmet!
'Roid rage
If it weren’t for the 87 and 88 being different in the side by side, you couldn’t convince me those weren’t the same video. Bryce later signed that kid’s new helmet with Luke 1:37 tagged at the end. Bryce is the goat. Angel is a jabrony.
I wonder how bad the fines are. The guy neess to get shaken up a bit lol throw his hat to the crowd. Maybe somebody will want an autographed Angel Hernandez cap lol
Pretty cute kid. Best sports memory in the bank!  I hope he relives it the night after his first real adult heartbreaker and bounces back.
It's so asinine that check swing calls aren't reviewable.
Angel is making bad calls everywhere on the field
Angel Hernandez must of have some serious dirt on the MLB management and the umpires union, because he still has a job. He’s just dreadful
Never forget he complained to MLB about never being on a crew that did World Series, MLB basically said “ you’re garbage bro “
Don't get mad at angel he needed to hit his quota for the year for God awful calls.
Very very well done getting this out so fast. Keep it up JOMBOY!
Obviously I'm not going to defend Angel ever, BUT,  a case could be made that since Harper´s bat is the same colour as his sleeves, from that angle, IT COULD be a little harder to pick up the bat head from 110 ft away (give that side angle a good look at his arm and bat getting all tied together visually to see what I mean).  There is no contrast on the colours (that would be very clear if the bat was all natural colour).  Just say'n.
My God he's  the worst 😂
Does anyone else feel bad for Angel at this point?
That side by side oh my god theyre completely identical
God I hate to see Bryce right about something, for the first time ever
How does he still have a job. He is famous for being the absolute worst umpire in the league. It’s embarassing
Angel has dirt on someone! That’s the only way he’s still in the league!
Oh Magoo, you've done it again!
Imagine there was a barista at Starbucks that gave everyone orange juice when they ordered coffee. Then when the customer complained that they got the drink wrong, the barista would defend themself and say the customer asked for orange juice. Imagine that person existed and yet never got in trouble or lost their job. That person is Angel Hernandez.
Angel Hernandez is an embarrassment to the MLB!
Imagine getting mad at fans for throwing bottles on the field when the players act like this
I'm done wasting my time on this sht. Just get the robo umps in next year and let's get on with our lives. Christ.
Angel Hernandez saying "You'll see" will only end in Angel Hernandez looking like a fool
Harper just became one of my favorite players LOL.
I'm going to be delerious with happiness if Harper never gets a WS when the team he bailed on got a WS the very next season after he bailed!
Harper vs Angel is like the dream team of pigheaded assholes, just slamming into each other pointlessly
Don’t umps get a report card after every game?
The MLB having to show Angel Hernandez how bad he was IN COURT will never not be hilarious.
Hernandez is the Trudeau of umpires
I absolutely HATE That umpires have this much power in baseball.  No other sport has this kind of power.  They are wrong and don’t like that  someone gets upset so they can just run them.  Needs to change.
Fire this guy, I mean c'mon he's blatantly disrupting the game. An NCAA ump got fired too.
Angel "Jomboy Highlight Reel" Hernandez
Rest assured you will never be as bad at anything in your life then angel Hernandez is at umpiring
The Post Game interview with Harper was the cherry on top.
Man, if I were Harper I would have skipped past "that's terrible" and just started ranting about how everyone knows Hernandez is the worst umpire in the league by far. I'd start railing him for trying to cover his ineptitude with false accusations of racism, and just keep going until the guy cracks or I get bored.
You got to think angel is doing it on purpose now
Bryce is correct.. Angel Hernandez is, in fact, garbage.
Angel’s just pissed because Harper’s going back to the playoffs and he hasn’t umped a postseason game since 2021. 😂
Was waiting for the breakdown on the after I saw the clip
Harpers such a cry baby lately
Genuine question, what does it take for an umpire to loss their job?
Joke's on you, Bryce. Angel can't see - ever.
It's crazy how much umpires have the MLB by the balls, and both sides know it.
Harper got Jomboy on speed dial. You'll all see
Honestly, I saw the bat head roll forward when he tried to stop his swing by pulling up. I think Bryce went around and Angel is right.
Angel is the devil for the MLB
i have no idea why mlb lets angel continue to embarrass himself and the league.... oh wait rob manfred is still commissioner😅
Jom🅱️oy spitting facts
Should have compared it to the no swing Angel called in the next inning.
I genuinely want to know... why does this guy still have a job? I'm asking for anyone to explain it to me because I truly do not understand how he is that bad and still is allowed to call games.
Id yell at angel in any game he was part of just so i could get out of there. If i got one shot to play one day and he was there id skip it
Angel must be part owner in some new AI umpiring software that's about to drop.
Does Angel just get off on getting yelled at? He has no shame.
Absolutely ridiculous Demon Hernandez ruining games AGAIN
When ever Angel Hernandez needs to make a call, he just flips a coin in his head
Every umpire makes mistakes, but Angel Hernandez commits war crimes.
Best call Angel Hernandez has made in 2023, which says alot about him.
I'm beginning to think Hernandez gets off from making bad calls & getting yelled at.
was waiting for this.
If you ever feel you can’t achieve your dream, remember that if Angel Hernandez can be an umpire, you can do anything.
It should be a rule that every umpire has to review every bad call they make while being recorded after the game.
The current Ump Cabal is bad for MLB, and makes it hard for them to make more fans and make money. You'd think they could figure that out.
damn that helmet toss was beautiful
I thought I would have to wait a week for this
man, when are they going to get rid of this guy? he's so terrible at his job
He's juat winging it at this point lol
Angel is such trash. Lucky kid got that helmet tho, biggest winner of the day
Common Angel Hernandez L
Couldn't catch the game, but my 10 year old told me that Bryce was tossed.  I said for arguing balls and strikes?  He said it was a check swing call by Angel Hernandez and my first reaction was...I thought he wasn't allowed to umpire anymore?
Angel Hernandez has no business being on a baseball field.
Wow those two check swings and pitches were REMARKABLY similar
When you know the name of an Umpire you know he’s horrible. Angel Hernandez and Laz Diaz need to be removed from MLB immediately. Like today.
?!?! Literally two identical check swings on the same exact pitch but Angel calls one a swing and not the other? Somebody check this mans head I'm seriously worried about his mental health.
"If Angel Hernandez had another eye he'd be a cyclops"
ESPN posted this and I was sad because it was not your break down. Thanks for being awesome!
Angel Hernandez has a retirement plan. He's going to be a professional pallbearer, because he's so damn good at letting people down.
Per the rules, if a player strikes at the ball and misses, it's a strike. That's all it says. Pure judgement call. Technically, you move your bat at all towards the ball, they could call it a strike. Most umpires have good enough judgement to say that it takes more than simple bat movement to count. Most umpires aren't Angel Hernandez.
MLB’s D.E.I. Hire, Angel Hernandez 🤦‍♂️
How Angel Hernandez still has a job in MLB is beyond disgusting.
so, well.. there goes the theory that he's going to 1st or 3rd to not be behind home plate and all is good... 🤣
Exibit 1001 of Angel Hernandez is a moron
It's because of umps like him that I can't wait for robo umps
And Angel says he doesn't get playoff games because of racism
Ángel Hernández is a baseball nihilist.
U gonna do a breakdown on that mariners astros fight?
I thought it would take a bit longer as Angel Hernandez and the Phillies have a BEEF HISTORY!
Why is he still employed. Honestly he has made so many bad calls. That it’s enough to be fired. Players union needs to do something about it. That’s just bad.
My two most hated people in baseball. Yay!!
"You'll see." Unlike Angel, who sadly lost his vision 20 to 30 years ago.
Looking forward to your Hector Neris breakdown, I need to know what that guy said!
In the end, a happy ending for the kid. 😂😂
first!!!!!!
Is it the worst call ever? No... not even close... but angel has been so bad for so long that calls like this further prove why the umpires union should be abolished and bad umps should be punished or fined.
Apparently, Bryce sent a security guard to find the kid and ask if he wanted Bryce to sign the helmet.
Makes sense he couldn’t mess up balls and strikes so he decided to miss check swings 😂😂😂
Would have loved if you had managed to work in Bryce's postgame comments. They are gold.
Angel is still here!?
If anything it looks like he swung further on the 1-0 pitch. Terrible call as usual from Angel Hernandez.
This is the worst call I’ve ever seen, I am so pissed just watching this, and players need to start trashing him publicly and managers as well.  You could pull a random fan from the stands and he’d call a better the game.  I totally despise this man.  And even worse?  He cries racism when when you criticize him.
If Angel can't ruin a game from behind the plate you have to give him credit for coming up with another way.
thx for another banger
Is there an ML player who hasn't gone after Angel at least once?
The flo on Bryce’s hair tho …
Angel Hernandez is proof that unions work.
And Angel really wonders why he’s never picked to work the World Series….Hell after that horrible 2018 ALDS I don’t think he’s worked the postseason since. He’s so terrible.
Forced retirement?? Give him his pension send him to island and let him drink rum drinks
Saw this live I missed the call but the second I saw Angel Hernandez I knew what would happen.
Angel Hernandez should be arrested for impersonating an umpire.
I have employees that are bad, take down their negative behaviors and hold them accountable
So angel is blind. The end
10/10 breakdown as always! Harper also signed the helmet for the fan after the game. Swell guy
Bryce ended up asking security to get the helmet so he could sign it for the kid. What a memory for that kid.
I dont know what unfolded faster ..Aroldis Chapman's meltdown tonight...or Jomboy's Harper/ Fernadez breakdown video LOL
He did swing more on the second swing.
How's he still in there? After so many bad calls and complains
If Joe Biden personally assured baseball fans across America that he would sign an executive order at 12:01 PM, January 20th, 2025 to ensure that Angel Hernandez was never allowed within 10 miles of a baseball field, he would run away with the votes of us all. The one issue to unite all Americans: Angel Hernandez is a horrible umpire and should never be allowed to officiate a game.
I just don't understand how he can not know at this late date how terrible he is.
Bryce Harper is a Tayloe Swift song waiting to happen
Angel should have been left in the minors, just a complete dummy 🤡
Im telling you y’all just jaw Jack to umps I’d definitely hit an ump by now.
I wish I had Angel Hernandez’s calm confidence in himself, this  despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary.
i dont even like nor do i watch baseball but i feel like i can call a check swing better than angel hernandez
Angel is still an umpire!? This guy will never disappear lol
That kid later got the helmet autographed by Bryce
"Ya know Angel Hernandez is entertaining as all get out... but a horrible umpire."  LOL Amazing, and accurate!
Imagine Angel’s expression when he finally sees the replay
Man... umpires have better job security than the people at the government center...
I’m a simple man. I see an Angel Hernandez bash video I click like
Angel Hernandez just wants to make children smile! What a good guy, putting the kid's happiness before the integrity of the game, so selfless. I bet if they let that kid be an empire, he would blow less calls.
Saw this on Reddit and knew a breakdown was coming ❤
If I was as bad at my job as Angel Hernandez more people would have died.
Careful jomboy, he'll sue for racial discrimination
I'm convinced Angel just zones out when he's in a game and just guesses any time he's asked to make a call.
Jomboy always glass half full kinda guy. That kids was pretty stoked, probably made his year.
Glad to see we're doing better. Even 10 years ago they'd shove the kid for that helmet. I was behind home plate at CBP and watched a dad steal a foul ball from his young son and was happy he got it lol. Go Phils hahaha
Why leave until security pulls you out? Another lil fine? 😂 everyone know angle is a a joke 😂
Angel Hernandez and being a godawful ump, name a better duo.
There is a replacement umpire available for every game.  At this point it is incumbent on the crew chief to replace Angel any time he is on a crew and have him sit out.  Union or no, it is bad for umpires and bad for baseball to allow him to continue.  If he had any self-respect he would have resigned already, but it is too far gone for him to still be employed.  I wish him well in his future endeavors, no ill will to the man, but people lose their jobs ever single day for much less egregious errors than he turns in regularly.
I’m calling it this one’s gonna have 1mil + views by tomorrow afternoon
Lol that’s an unexpected silver lining. You are a glass half full kinda guy Jomboy 👏
How long is the Umpire Union going to continue to protect this waste of space? He is terrible, dude can't even do his job at third base.
So awesome that he threw his helmet in the crowd! That kid will never forget this game!
Gotta redo the video and get the Kids interview and re-upload it. The kid is awesome.
But you have to think Angel is probably going to watch this call 50x and then say “yep, i got it right.”
Couldn’t wait for this breakdown. Typical angel hernandez moment
"You'll see" - a man who had multiple calls overturned at first in the same playoff game
It's crazy how he makes terrible calls consistently and then claims that it's racism whenever someone wants him removed.
Bryce Harper completes this great game
They need to lock Angel Hernandez in a box or something. Stop letting him on a baseball field
You really can't put Angel anywhere in the field without him screwing up the game
How you gonna skip the neris Rodriguez game? Is it because it will get removed for the slur?
That was quick 😂
angel "the MLB is about me and anyone who thinks otherwise is racists" hernandez strikes again......
Why doesn’t Hernandez just retire, he has got to be the most hated official in pro sports right now.  He is just absolutely tragic at his job, it’s sad, they should have fired him when he accused the MLB of racism and the league just proved that he was atrocious.  What a joke!
Inserts Shrek meme  Could Harper not get ejected for 5 minutes?!?
The kid also got the helmet autographed by Bryce!
I Hope Angel's Girl is getting that Lena the Plug treatment. (If you what I mean)
How does that dude still have a job? Super happy for the kid though. That’s fucking awesome.
Spin: Angel Hernandez gifts lucky fan a signed Bryce Harper helmet
Pretty sure Angel Hernandez is racist to white batters and pitchers
Christmas in late September for the kid getting Bryce's helmet...
when are they going to get rid of THAT GUY??!!
It happened with Kyle last year. This year, it happened again, this time with Harper.
I’m convinced that Angel Hernandez is legit closing his eyes when he’s umpiring
What constitutes a swing? Rulebook citation if possible.
Everyone hates Angel lol it’s great he needs to go
I don’t know if there’s a better combo for a breakdown video than Angel and Bryce
Angel Hernandez hates baseball and he’s trolling
Visibly shook my head at the side by side slo-mo lol that’s rough
Whose faster, Jomboy with the breakdown or Angel Hernandez with the bad call?
How's he still there??
Angel getting what he well deserves for throwing every game he's umped this year
Angel Hernandez should be fired by tomorrow.
So I'm not a huge mlb guy   But good lort angel hernandez has to be the worst umpire in the history of baseball
Bryce Harper and Aaron Boone give classic ejections 😂😂😂
Steve McMicheal should have body slammed Angel Hernandez 20 years ago.  It would have changed the future for the better.
Can MLB fire angel hernandez yet
Angel Hernandez making a bad call. What else isn't new.  Seems like a nice and cool guy although  with him umpiring it's lucky if he makes the right call.
All needed was to see Angel Hernandez. I saw Harper had been ejected. I looked it up.  The second I saw 1 frame of Hernandez i knew what happened lol.
i mean at this point who doesn't rip into Angel Hernandez now a days?
Angel Hernandez at his best
There’s a special place for Angel Hernandez in the afterlife.
Bravo Bryce more people need to.   Angel is a trash umpire and trash person for claiming racism when he just sucks at his job
As a Phillies fan, I've never clicked so fast
Hello
Angel proves you can be terrible at your job and your life and keep your job
Damn I’m early lol
Angel actually needs to stand trial for how bad at umpiring he is
At this point I expect one Bryce Harper vid a month 😂
First?
Jomboy. I love ya brudda.
Oh god not Hernandez fail again, this guy is too much.
1min gang lol
The devil works hard but Jomboy works harder
First
First!!! Woah!!!
YESSSSS
1st
I knew jomboy would make a vid On this
