Going to use this to plug my other stuff: there's a new Technical Difficulties season over at https://youtube.com/techdif and Lateral continues at https://lateralcast.com and https://youtube.com/lateralcast !
0:50 , megatron, if he transformed into a cycle😂
how did humans even figure this kind of stuff out
Through the *RABBIT* hole
uh-mazing. I wanna work there now!
I type in barry trower and mi5 show up wtf
My name is barry allen, im the fastest man alive.
The last giggle was priceless
I clicked on this video wondering what city would even do this? Turns out its my city.
You need to go to ANSTO
It’s crazy that I’ve been inside both building 😅
I'm guessing the "Rabbit Line" is alluding to greyhound racing? Normally the lure that runs along the rails is made to look like a rabbit.
Of course the MRI machine has a screensaver of the General Electric Logo.    General Electric: Masters of Spinny Stuff
I just binge watched Tom's videos and 2:01 moment made me almost burst out of laugh
For why it is named the rabbit line I have a fact which may also relate. For electrical wires when we need to feed them through a large inaccessible pipe (such as it is underground) we use a large sort of reverse vacuum to push a large foam block just the diameter of the pipe with a string attached.  Here's the fact, that foam block we send through the pipe Is called a rabbit. Maybe it's related maybe it isn't but who knows
I bet it's named after the fable, _The Tortoise & The Hare._ *(Most North Americans call a "hare" a rabbit.)*
I had an MRI here on May 2 and was injected with the radioactive tracer coming from the Rabbit Line.  Before the procedure I mentioned this video to the MRI techs and they said yes they remember when Tom Scott visited to make the Rabbit Line video.
I'm more curious as to how they installed the line over such a long distance.
This is some of the smoothest animation I've seen from CrazyScoutFIN yet.
This is what the Hyper Loop could have been.
Rabbits travel very fast through underground passages.
I’ve been injected with this many times for mapping out neurosurgeries
Chinese spy.
I like that the return trip for the rabbits, which has no speed requirement, is "yea, Chuck drives his van over there and just picks all of them up"
There are a lot of smart people in a lot of Tom's videos, but something about this video made me feel even dumber and more insignificant than normal.
This is so cool I had a tagged white blood cell scan post hip replacement to rule out infection, believe that used indium.
why is this in crazyscoutfin's more playlist
THATS MY UNIVERSITY!!!!
..........ofcource she's chinese...........😮‍💨
Bruh I'm from the Pacific Northwest and visit Vancouver regularly, I had no idea these existed.
I can't be the only one who was replayed "Under the streets of Vancouver, at the University of British Columbia, there are pneumatic tubes" over and over
Does this mean some random person out there can say that Tom Scott has delivered medicine to them?
Go zoom through underground tunnel = 🐇
Who came here from CrazyScoutFin’s Playlist?
It's called The Rabbit because rabbits are associated with speed (the rabbit vs. the turtle story.) It also goes through a long underground tunnel. A rabbit hole.
Why is it called the rabbit line?  You've never kept rabbits in a large run, have you!   They love to develop routes around their enclosure, where they will practise running, full of jinks and corners, very fast.  I assume it's a defense mechanism.
rabbits are quick and the line quickly moves tingz
who else found this in crazyscoutfin's playlist
My city just built the university and hostipal right next to each other. But this is cool solution
CRAZYSCOUTFIN
What if there’s a earthquake
This is just amazing!  Thank you showing us this!
This doens't look like a CrazyScoutFin animation
why is this in a crazyscoutfin playlist
I wont question why this is on CrazyScoutFIN's playilist :v
This is my kinda science.
4:08 mpd
stuff is a scientific term is it?
As if I'm going to believe this Urban Legend by the guy who perpetuated the Firefighter myth!
This is one of the most interesting and diverse channels on YouTube! Thanks!
In the late 1950s radiation bombardment experiments were carried out in the disused Scotland Street railway tunnel, below Edinburgh's affluent New Town district (idea for a future video, Tom?).  This led to a few alarmists voicing fears about possible effects from radiation. In fact, citizens will receive higher exposure to radiation just walking among the granite buildings of the city centre.
Tom Scott is an owl. Prove me wrong.
Why couldn't they make it work in both directions like bank ones do?
I’ve got a friend who is currently in the bio-med program at UBC and I now need to ask him about this
You stated that they don't know why it's called a rabbit tube. Pneumatic tubes have been used in many things from banks to Navy ships. In the Navy they have always been dubbed bunny tubes. And I believe that they may have also been dubbed bunny tubes in other places as well. So that may be why they are called rabbit tubes.  Now with that I have tried to find the history of it and I cannot find anything on it nor when they started being referred to as Bunny tubes. I can understand why they would be referred to as bunny tubes, but it's been for at least 45 years. It being a fast bouncing around network of tubes in which little bunnies, as they are referred to, are put into and sent via a pressurized or vacuum system
the nice lady spoke about how the particle accelerator creates radioactive isotopes for almost a minute straight without taking a breath. then finished with "and here, our chemists do their magic"  just thought that was funny  xD
Medicine is poison.
No good comes from this.
Interesting that they call a pit a rabbit
I really like those interesting topics. For so many years Ive learned alot of interesting stuff here on earth :D
Says the rabbit: I'm already here!
whattf a cinese person helping the uk
This is my new favorite
I had a really hard time understanding the lady at the beginning of the video, thank you for the subtitles
The shot at 1:00 looks like an industrial multiplayer shooter map
Luckily we have it in the same building here so no dramatic way to transport radiopharmaceuticals haha
The lady at the end is the Edna of Science
I actually went to UBC and did a work placement at TRIUMF and actually had the opportunity to go inside the Cyclotron when it was not in use. Such an amazing and fascinating experience - especially as most folks in Vancouver have no idea it exists
Super cool. I just started my PhD in medical physics and my research focuses on simulations of radioactive substances and their application in treatment of small tumours and metastases. My appreciation for the delicate science and engineering of radiopharmaceuticals has grown enormously since then, and this video is a great example of the ingenuity of Canadian research.
My question is why they didn't build their particle accelerator at the hospital!
I'd imagine it's called a rabbit line because you drop something into a "rabbit hole" and then that thing goes very fast underground.
What if you make 2 rabbit lines? xd
Drones return some day?
Tom Scott has mastered the art of YouTube video titles.
if only we could get dominos delivered like that 😭😭
my father is a radtech at his local hospital! he lives in a rural area so the elements they use have to be isotopes with a much longer half life. if I remember correctly, he uses an isotope of molybdenum most.
4:59 because rabbits are the multinational symbol for going fast, maybe? A slow one would be the turtle line then i guess . . . you remember the fairytale, right?
I didn’t realize particle accelerators were real 😆 I thought they were just machines scientists were trying to make or obtain in 90s movies I grew up with
wha why is this in a crazyscoutfin playlist wait what
Tom was in my city and I didn't even know it, wow
I need her
you’re telling me tom scott visited vancouver and i didn’t know💔💔💔
Regarding the rabbit line. A factory I used to work at part time had something similar to transport samples to the QA lab. We just used the same line to send the empty vessel back.  I'm sure someone will explain how they're different and why they just can't use the same setup here.
dr.yang was actually hilarious "we dont have to stop at stop signs" "drive it, we pick it up.. oldschool"
Oxygen not included spacedout
Udonge
Thats amazing, I grew up around Vancouver and I never knew this
3:54 literally Leonard Hofstadter's mother :D
i thought i saw u wondering around vancouver ahah, i've lived here my whole life and never knew this!
Rabbits are fast and rabbits dig holes underground, that's why.
Glad to see you're Van! hope you had a great time :D
I thank God for radio medicine I was dying of hyperthyroidism and because of radioactive material I now have hypothyroidism which is much easier to treat
very cool! thanks!
Interesting to see how accelerators are used and how fast what they produce decays. I got fluorine-18 injected for a PET scan, it was a funny experience but as the doctor says, completely safe.
Well so modelling me is unusual
Stop saying literally
I assumed rabbit line came from dog racing's mechanical rabbit. I can't say how it actually worked but it would shoot along the edge of the track to lure the dogs forward
Rabbit line maybe because it's an small tunnel like thing that move under the surface at speed with multiple point of entry and exit?
Oi, that's 2 blocks from where I live!
I used to do research and run tours at TRIUMF.  Let me know if you have any questions.
4:01 that's a bad idea to recap the needle.  Especially if you are working with a radioactive drug.
this is next level of "can't have radioactive stuff for xray imaging? diy!"
There's an answer from a pipeline guy but also the poofy wads blown through conduits to draw lead-cords for re-wiring buried stuff are called rats or rabbits... calling them rabbits is a french thing.
And when we make a breakthrough using Canadian money, we send the data back to China for profit.
The unspecific “stuff” is significantly more scary to me than it being radioactive 😂
I imagine it's called a rabbit line because it's underground and rabbits make burrows so what's actually happening, contrary to Dr Yang's perfectly explained disinformation piece, is they are collaborating with rabbits who relay the radioactive material along their burrows underground.
@tom scott . Fun fact. The Netherlands has the one for mainly western european isotopes. it has been opperative for a long time.
This was very interesting!! As I use to be an employee for a Nuclear Plant and we use to make 80% of the worlds isotopes for cancer treatments.  I was the one making up the transfers for all over the world.  Thanks for this. 😊😊😊😊😊
Tom should talk about how just by being an average tax payer in the uk, citizens helped pay the government's debt to end slavery in 2015 (i believe. If someone wants to fact check me please go ahead)
...and then the chemists do their magic."  I always knew that, but nobody ever believed me.
Rabbit line to send ... Turtle line to return ;)
At Brookhaven National Laboratory in Long Island, New York, they drive fluorodeoxyglucose (FDG) with radioactive fluorine-18 from the cyclotron to the medical building, in order to run positron emission tomography (PET) studies
Videos such as these make me marvel at the ingenuity of humans and what we are able to do when we are at our best.
TRIUMF!
Tom looks so natural with a lab coat on
For the return trip, why don't they twist a few valves so the pressure for stopping arriving rabbits now powers return transport.  This obviously requires a similar setup at each end, though return trips are allowed to be slower, like 25 minutes instead of 2.5 .
Pneumatic tubes are used all the time at large hospitals.  Very convenient for sending medications or paperwork from one department to another.  And a fair amount of tests in medicine that use a radioactive isotope injected into a patient.  There's a couple of nuclear power plants here in the US that produce substances and then send them to hospitals around the country.
0:55 can someone translate that into English please.
skót  tamás
Rabbitline because its fast...
Woah. They have to get it into use within 20 min? 🤯
my great grandfather was on the team who developed, designed, and built TRIUMF. so cool to see!
Great to see Tom Scott covering interesting things in my part of the world. Another fun fact with the TRIUMF site, the apple trees that mark the entrance are grafted from the tree at the National Physical Laboratory in London, England, which is a granddaughter of the tree that produced the iconic apple that Newton watched fall.
I'm really loving the Canada videos
Rabbit=fast?
Beautyful.
Couldn’t they just… put the buildings close together?
Nice
Why is this on CrazyscoutFINs animations??????????
Perfect example of physics, chemistry and biology working together in one neat little package
It might habe been a rapid line, but the engeneer gad a strong acent. And since rabits are fast too...
Hey Tom i got a video idea for you, have you been to the Salt mine in Poland , Krakow? I have heard its the only salt mine in the world , definitely worth a visit  .
Tom, just to let you know, I love all your videos. They are brief, concise, and informative. Thanks for the time you spend making them.
Hey Tom, Why not talk about the vortex tube. It's amazing too.
I trust Chinese researchers
I graduated with a chemistry degree from UBC and knew about TRIUMF but did not know about the Rabbit Line.
Hey Tom, I'm a Cyclotron Engineer for the Cleveland Clinic and I loved this video! I work on a much less powerful Cyclotron (11 MeV)  used to make traces for a number of hospitals in NE Ohio. So cool to see what I do on such a large scale and to recognize a lot of the same equipment in my own lab. For anyone more curious in how Cyclotrons work we inject hydrogen into the cyclotron's ion source which adds an electron to the hydrogen particles giving them a negative charge. The electron beam then circles around a tank under very high vacuum where it is controlled by magnets and RF. Eventually the electron beam hits an extractor made out of carbon that strips off the electrons, changing the polarity of the beam from negative to positive (proton beam). The change in polarity allows the magnet to fire the beam into a target of pressured 018 water which after being bombarded turns into the radioisotope F18 used by the chemists and pharmacists to make a number of different traces.
I hope you visited the Museum of Anthropology.
I am guessing it is called the Rabbit line cause it is fast like a rabbit.
1984
Interesting the amount of money spent to put in the line one way you'd imagine they'd just put in a line going back so you wouldn't have to drive the capsules back.,
weird it goes under the walkway and not the road
I would send salted peanuts
Clever people doing clever things. Keep being clever clever people! 👏👏👏
I assume the namesake for the rabbit line would derive from it being "as quick as a rabbit"
If you study one or a few particles, you are a physicist. If you study many particles you are a chemist. If you are many particles studying yourself, you are a biologist.
Why not use another tube or the same one if both sides are pressurized? I hate logic
I suspect that the whoever named it "The Rabbit Line" was a dog racing fan.  Go look at the mechanical rabbit used for greyhound races.
The Rabbit Line reminds me of the rabbit catcher in Wallace & Gromit: The Curse of the Were-Rabbit 😂😂
There's no question too stupid.  Tom: How do they get the rabbits back?
Rabbit because it's running fast through a hole in the ground.
I never thought 🤔Psychologist in Rick and Morty is a real person 4:08
This is totaly insane in a very cool and positive sense.
Interesting 👀
Dude, I had a dream the other night that you took me up to that wire mesh at the top of the Royal Albert Hall.  I was still afraid of heights in the dream!  🤣
if this is the Rabbit Line, does that make the port on the end the Rabbit hole 🤔
wow hyperloop has come so far!
maybe they call it the rabbit line because of the similarly named dog track "rabbit"
Down the rabbit hole?
I visited a friend that was attending UBC, had no idea that was there!  Very cool.
TRIUMF 4004! 🤣🤣
My dad used to work at a daughter company of General Eletrics, I used to get free notebooks with their logo on it haha. Cool to see they do this stuff as well, had no idea! (I recognised their logo at 4:29).
For a second I thought you had a little weasel in your sweaters sticking out its tiny head.
1:08
3:48 bri
obviously because of how a rabbit runs through a burrow tunnel
very cool
TUUUUBBESSSSSSS
Maybe it is called the rabbit line, because that's what greyhounds chase in a shortest line to the finish.
I was thinking too, that if they made the tunnel a straight shot to the hospital and converted it to a betatron then the patient could stay in the hospital and also be the target of the betatron.  Just a couple of GeV to the head should cure any problem.
That's so awesome that you came to UBC! I am studying there right now.
Amasing
interesting
I mean... Rabbit line because it's small in size, it is a line and it moves very fast. Also it's made for the health sector so they usually prefer living organisms rather than technological ones or abstractions. So that's why it's a small, living creature that is able to go very fast. Rabbit.
Why on earth would you use a 520MeV cyclotron for 11C???
Great video, Mr. Scott!
Reminds me of the Lamson pneumatic tubes in large stores. My dad had an old, brass, steel and leather tube when he was a shopfitter many years ago. He, and later I, used it to keep tallow in for dipping wood screws into prior to driving into wood.
Even GE has a bouncing logo on their CT machine. I wonder if it ever hits the corner.
I can see my workplace! Didn't know the hallowed Tom Scott was in the neighborhood!
Why go to all that effort, just for One Direction, and then drive it back in the car? How stupid
I like your style of video’s Tom Scott.
Welcome to my home town, my family has been here for many generations. I hope you can cover the fire that burned the whole city down in 15 minutes
cycrotron
Canada eh!
This does make so much sense and still I haven't thought about a bit.
Probably called the rabbit line because they go quickly through tunnels like rabbits go through burrows.
OSHA says it's ok so it's ok
Welcome back to Vancouver Tom! Hope you enjoy(probably enjoyed by the time this is live) your stay
Interesting to be a subject at that hospital and being told that the radioactive fluid in your injection was sent from 2.5 km away just 2 minutes ago. How special you must feel.
How many of these things exist?
Cyclotron will drown you in your overwatered lawns!
Why do they call it the "rabbit line?"  Because rabbits run very fast and with great agility and they can go from zero to full speed and back to zero very fast as well.
this is so cool! i wonder if the pressure is higher for the rabbit line, or for the chemists who have to work with materials that have a half-life of 20 or fewer mintues!
Neat to see UBC in a Tom Scott vid!
What about maglev trains that travel at Mach 2? Wakey wakey
Come on Tom you're like a 2 hour flight from what I recommend come to the Pomeroy sports centre
Hey! That's my school
My local Hospital's Nuclear Medicine department has their own cyclotron.
@TomScottgo The rabbit line is the bar around a greyhound racing track that the "rabbit" rides on which is a rabbit like object the greyhounds chase that makes the race happen.  I assume no one knew the origin of term as no one in any of those fields of study bets on the hounds.
My guys, im a student here! Did not know this !!!!
Hello editor Michelle Martin, not sure if you're the one I went to school with, but hello anyway!
It reminds me of the Paris Pneumatic post system in the late 1800s... @TomScottGo Did you ever do a video on that? could be a good excuse for a trip to France :D
May be it's called a 'Rabbit Line' b/c like a rabbit it has borrow a small tunnel a long way perhaps??? 🤔🚂🚂🚂
Can anybody explain me why this 10 minute trip had to be replaced by a2 minute one? How costly was it?
Why was it called the rabbit line? Maybe because rabbits tend to be fast? Rabbit hole comparisons, maybe? Both?
so glade they went with tunnel and not air drop :P ty for another great vid
Nice to know you are (were) in Canada.
I'm not sure why this is so fascinating but it is
Rabbit hole
Nothing revolutionary. Tube mail, pneumatic post... however you want to call it.
I live near by this line and didn't know. Very cool!
Speaking as the 69 year-old son of a father who died from Parkinson's, that little revelation at the end that, by the time you get Parkinson's symptoms, the brain is already severely damaged, was quite a shock...
What if it gets stuck?
I will never play my beloved Mario Kart Track in the same way again knowing about this radioactive stuff 😰
Unanswered: if they're driving back and forth anyway, what is the benefit of the rabbit line?
It's called the Rabbit Line because it shoulda toined left at Albaqoikie.
Could be called the rabbit line because it's so fast and underground.
We have a Cyclotron here at our University Clinic in Freiburg, Germany as well! Very cool Technology!
1:00 THis checks out. Dirty dusty industrial hall with a lot of concrete blocks for shielding thats how reseach facitilies (for nuclear physics) look like..  not sure why its never shown like that in movies :-)
Ki
Wild! I lived in Vancouver for 2 years and had no idea this was a thing.
Some german cities like Berlin or Hamburg had been operating a public pneumatic tube network connecting the most important buildings like central post office, central bank, or other government or "official" buildings. Search for *Rohrpost* here on YouTube and you will find interesting stuff.
I'm a chemistry student at UBC. I wish I knew Tom Scott was here I would have loved to meet him! But judging from the lack of snow and ice this was shot a little while ago.
UBC Alum here. Can't believe Tom went there. I'm fanboying so hard right now. @Tom if you are still in Vancouver, dinner is on me.
3:22 Tom acting like he didn't just teleport there
Tom did you gear about the radioactive boars in Poland? I thought you already did a episode on it, if not it might be a fun one to explore
When they fire radioactive stuff at high speed under city streets, it's "science." But when I do it, it's "public endangerment" and I "need to get out of the sewer and put my hands up."
Can we please have subtitles for non-native English speakers in your videos next time please.
Oil and gas pipelines use pigs to check and clean the piplines might be cause this line is smaller it got named rabbit???
Absolutely fascinating. Holy crap.
Ay! He's in B.C! How'd you enjoy you stay?
Congrats on the Streamy win! =)
Reckon it's called a rabbit line after greyhound track machinery?
At around 4:00 , the tech recapped a needle-tipped syringe, probably containing radioisotopes. Not recommended due to the risk of pricking oneself with radioactive material.
They should call it the Hare Line .. just for kicks 😜
They dont do studies on mercury in the body and its correlation to degenerative brain disorders. Shuushhhh lets keep big pharma going instead
Seems like it’s called the Rabbit Line for a rather obvious reason - it’s a very high speed way to move the isotopes, as in it’s quick as a rabbit.
This was particularly interesting for me, as my brother works with radiopharmaceuticals in a hospital, thanks Tom
Rabbit line is from dog racing
The university here in Pavia, Italy has a research reactor and particle accelerator for medical use. It's near my classroom, so we had to be instructed about the safety protocols. It's the last remaining nuclear reactor in the entire country after the ill-advised referendum of 1987 that banned nuclear plants in Italy due to Chernobyl-related scaremongering. (We still buy nuclear energy from France.)
very sweet, and cool info!
Rabbits make underground tubes, that's why.
Not as dramatic, but a similar concept and application: some hospitals have a capsule dropshoot/ fast lift system for delivering medicines and other substances between different floors. I'm not sure how common this is though.
I’d love to see an expanded video on how a cyclotron works. We have one where I work and it was explained to me by a physicist which 80% went over my head.
the GE machine has the DVD logo type of dealio? neat.
Rabbits are fast
And now one could easily just do this by taping it to a drone...
it called the rabbit line becuase of racing dog tracks chase the rabbit?
It's probably called the "Rabbit line" because UBC used to have a MASSIVE rabbit problem. There were EVERYWHERE!
The line is installed in Vancouver but we still don't have good public transportation xD priorities
Congrats on the Streamy award, Tom!  Well deserved!
Couldn't they have just added an additional tube for transporting them back when they constructed it?
This is a very cool, very fun and actually simple solution to a problem.
Based on the fact that your videos are always in different countries im certain that the capsule at 3:22 is the same you sent earlier, and that you can teleport.
I’d imagine the accelerator is called the ‘Rabbit Line’ because it’s fast, like a rabbit.
Love the video -- but that recapping technique just made me anxious! Needle sticks are no fun!
Fall down the Rabbit Hole and end up in Wonderland. Hence Rabbit Line?
The mix of Chinese and French accents in English is terrifying
Has your sand battery video been taken down?
Ohh herro today we hav microtro ;D
Ff
I feel like Rabbit is an acronym for something like, Radioactive Airpowered By Bullet Isotope Transit LINE.
"Out Chemists will do their magic" - probably the only time a Physicist has said a kind word about a Chemist
Doctor: It emits Gamma rays  Me: THEY'RE MAKING THE HULK!!!
These guys are heros
So... why didn't they just build the hospital and the lab in the same place?
Woolworths department stores used to use the same system to send cash and paperwork between departments and to and from cashers, i think they worked on a vacuum system as you could hear the suction when they put the cylinder in the pipe.
I wonder how many people watch the GE logo screensaver on the PET/MR scanner's LCD to see if it ever hits the corner
This is one of the coolest pieces of engineering ive seen. They had an issue, the engineer just went to work. Spectacular.
So the physicist explains the process of harvesting radioactive isotopes, then points to the chemists “doing their magic” :D
I was kind of expecting this to be a video about CERN
4:57 --   1) I'm assuming it's called "the rabbit line" because it is super fast, like a running rabbit?  2) the empty capsules being returned: how radioactive are they becoming with repeated re-use?
This has been operating for 40 years, or more.  Lots of huge concrete blocks inside the facility.
What a fun coincidence. Yesterday I took part in a study. I got injected exactly something like this for a pet-mrt scan for a study about dopamine/serrotnin production. That radioactive liquid is injected and sticks to the neurons that take in the dopamine so you can track where it's going.
did you make a trip to LTT while in BC? :D
that's interesting. When I had a DVT a Swiss hospital was injecting radioactive particles into my body to create a picture of my lungs in the search for clots that could potentially be lethal if they wander up to the brain. Luckily there weren't any
These people are incredibly clever and able to explain their work very clearly!!! So interesting!
No rabbits were harmed in the making of this video.
I know the answer is money but why not design a return line?
Nobody knows why it's called the rabbit line?  Maybe because rabbits live in burrows and move fast?
Been living here for decades and never knew about this!  Thanks for the great video as always!
I'll just say it.  Please add subtitles.
Wasnt such a system used to be in service in the US for postal delivery?
I remember when a president was hauled over the coals for suggesting a similar treatment....
I'm quite jealous of Dr. Yang for having such an unusual and critical job.
Whattty your in Vancouver?!
I was in Van today and seeing this video made me want to see these!!
Stop going to my city when I'm not there!
WOW
that is incredible,
I could imagine them naming it the rabbit line after Alice in the Wonderland. A hurried rabbit.
Imma nab your drip. Thank you, my new fashion icon.
Physicists: Elaborately explains how to obtain isotopes from H- Chemists: *They do magic*
Imagine getting cured by cancer by vials pressed by Tom Scott.
:)
I have a question for Tom Scott, or one of his many fans.   To preface this, it appears that Tom travels 1000's of miles (literally) to go to all of these places, then makes a 2 to 6 minute video there.  Then the next video is 1000's of more miles away, and makes it 2 to 6 minutes long as well.  So I gotta ask, are there full length videos (say 15 to 30 minutes long), or does Tom just take 10 minutes out of his vacation to make Youtube videos?  Thank you in advance.  :)
Really cool to see Vancouver get represented by you! Proud of this city
didn't the call the fuel at Hanford rabbits?
Hey if you're in British Colombia still, only an eight to twelve hour trip over to Calgary, Alberta where you can research why there's all those empty and unoccupied skyscrapers there!
Ought to try to figure out how to send people through these things 🤔
america: our healthcare is expensive cuz it’s the best!  canada: i’m sure you’re right, our particle accelerator takes two whole minutes to send radioactive material through kilometers of pneumatic tubes to our hospitals!
rabbits don't stop at stop signs, either
Physics chemistry and biology meet
I thought it was CERN before watching he video, this is interesting!
Oh, huh, now I gotta go search for one of these on my university campus - we have one of the best hospitals in the country and we also have a particle accelerator, so...
thought that the title of this video was 'Finally, radioactive stuff at high speed under city streets' and was momentarily very confused
It’s called a rabbit line because it’s small and going through a tiny underground tunnel. Like a rabbit
Huh that's funny. I've been around this area before and had literally no idea! How cool!   Also that doctor's little joke about stop signs for some reason was so dry it was hilarious.
Wow. Just another entire part of our modern society that I wasn't aware of before.
Explains a lot about ubc students tbh
Thank you so much for touching on this topic!!! i heard about this years ago since living in vancouver and have always wanted someone to shed light on this
So weird hearing my city
Sehr toll!
You got a funny mention in last night's Tifo IRL world cup podcast Tom, should check it out :)
Tom you are brittish, please give all speed measurements in mph and length measments in meters except when measuring yourself or a distance. As per protocol.
There's a Medical Physics and Nuclear Medicine department in the hospital where I work, in the uk. They have a PET scanner in there I think. We don't have a particle accelerator though. Some guy just turns up in the middle of the night, with a small trolley with a small box on, with radioactive symbols plastered all over it. We do have a pneumatic tube system though, but it's just for blood specimens. It's much less sophisticated than the one in the video though. It's more like the system Sainsbury's used to use in the 80's to send cash from the tills upstairs.
Hua Yang (the reseach scientist) is pure gold! "the chemists do their magic", "we don't have to stop at red lights", "we get it back using a driver, we're old school". I bet more people would join science, if more people like her publicly represented it. Thanks for sharing @tomscottgo
Wow. And here I was being told that all Canadian hospitals did was offer assisted suicide to anyone with slight medical issues.
I know this is pedantic and nit-picky, but UBC it technically not in Vancouver. It is in an unincorporated area called the University Endowment Lands.
I did a co-op here in the summer of 2017 and my supervisor was none other than Ken Buckley (the one who made the rabbit line!)  Lovely video, Tom. I just sent this to a former co-worker and they told me they forwarded it to Ken.  Thanks for everything you do!
But I don’t stop at stop signs either
Big mistake to let others know how to do European mans magic.
I was half expecting a story of the radioactive material buried under the streets, like in Chicago. But a nice story!
Wow thank you
RABBIT:  Radioactive ...  ...tunnel?
While you’re in BC, you should check out Whistler !! I’m not sure if it’s entirely unique but they have a very expansive pedestrian/cycling path network. You can get around the whole town via many different routes _just_ on “The Valley Trail” !
EYYY in my province <3
hahha my dad got one on those
Could the “rabbit line” be the result of losing translation of “rapid line”?
Heeeeeeyyyyy!!!!   You're in my city!!!!  I worked at Triumf when they built the expansion about 12 years ago.  We were never in the accelerator building.  But we were trained on what to do in the event of a radioactive leak or emergency. Im a plumber/gasfitter.  So it was a cool job at the time.
Ohhh, THAT'S what the TRIUMF centre does. I know it's a collider, but I never knew what it was for
Tom your story telling is really good!! You take stories I would never read on my own and make them exciting and novel. And the way you ended this one was so clever and left me laughing 😂😂 all that technology to get it down the road, just for them to have to physically go pick them up after 😂😂
Fascinating!
I work there and had no idea you stopped by to visit!
Loved the little jump when he pressed send
I knew about this facility but had no idea there was an express pneumatic tube delivery system attached to it! Very cool, thanks for shining some light on this obscure bit of the campus.
Why wasnt i subbed? Wtf youtube...
I'm a student here, I literally go on runs right over the rabbit line and i didn't even know it
0:25 wait, Wait WAIT!! ... A few times a day they are firing radioactive capsul suppositories at underground butts?! 🤣
That is not too different from what I did as my former job. however we made a product to make something that has to be replaced every year, but at least doesn't need an entire cyclotron. Edit: They use it for PET scans? Well that just hits the mark then.
Hyperloop!
The latest in a long line of 'Radioactive often does not mean what you fear it means'.
OMG Tom Scott was in Vancouver 😂 hello!
Tom, you were in my town! Hope you had fun.
They need to figure out how to shoot pizza through there.
Now I'm wondering if Tom's ever been to a bank that uses Pneumatic tubes at a drive up teller window or if he is too young?
As a UBC alumni, I can confirm that I didn’t know the rabbit line existed.
Anyone else do a double-take when the saw - TRIUMF?
Along similar lines are foam ‘pigs’ used by water authorities to clean water mains and concrete pumping contractors to clean their hoses
rabbits love exploring and running through tunnels, there is a huge market for rabbit tubes/tunnels  ... whoever designed that probably just had a pet rabbit and some tunnels/tubes for it to enjoy through the garden/house.
fireing radio active stuff under the city street is a great buisness model for a place that profits of cancer , who would have guessed im not allowed to question the morals
It called rabbit because rabbit go fast.
Would only need to send 5+ back at a time to get equal bidirectional throughput. Correction, 10+, forgot transporting back would be a round trip.
ooooh
love seeing tom in van would love to see him cover some more cool things here. i’d love to seem him try to brew beer or something
I actually work at an electron particle accelerator and every now and then I'll be walking down one of our service buildings, in a totally safe area, and look over at a rope with a sign on it saying "High Radiation Area" beyond this point, and realize I work at an amazing, crazy place
my questions is why not have the building closer so you don't have to build (presumably) an expensive rabbit line?
Every time I saw those giant 'TRIUMF' banners, I felt like I was witnessing some kind of alternate history world where Trump was Canadian! 😂
i need a compilation of Tom saying "tubes"
I’ve done a lot of experiments on the muon beamlines there but never knew about the rabbit line. Great stuff
TOM AT UBC THIS IS NOT A DRILL
YOU ARE IN MY CITY WHAT YOU CANT JUST OPEN A VIDEO WITH A JUMPSCARE LIKE THAT
This has to be one of the few across town vacuum/pressure tube transportation systems left in the world.  Rumour have it, New york postal system had a massive network of these tubes to get bundles of letters across town in rapid fashion.  A little known sandwich store called subway also specifically designed their subs to be transported through these tubes.  It's all abandoned and forgotten now. Apparently the reliability of these tubes weren't so great. But you'll still see them in hospitals for transporting medicines between floors/buildings, and large stores for transporting cash from cash registers.
Cool. I didn't know we had a particle accelerator here in Canada. Welcome to Canada. Tom
Ok. That is really cool.
Yang : Fluently explains the complex elements behind getting the isotope and sending them to the hospital  Also Yang : What happens when it gets there? Beats me, fricking magic those chemists.
Oh wild, I was there a few hours ago!
Glad to have you in my province. I'm on Vancouver Island
UBC!
Cool that Canada used to do this kind of sophisticated medical stuff. Now they just pressure you into suicide.
Speculating: like the automated rabbit at a dog track
how do i keep missing famous people filming stuff on campus T_T
I’m sure they are called rabbits cause they are fast and roughly rabbit-size.
Tom you continue to impress me with the places and things you do! Can't wait to see what you have planned.
I watched this video this morning on the bus right as I passed by TRIUMF on my way to work at the hospital. Six years here and there's always new hidden things to learn, thanks for helping uncovering a gem under my feet
They're probably called rabbits because they move really fast underground in their own lil burrows...like rabbits??
*her talking*  me: "ya ya, standard flux capacitor procedure"
Congrats on the Streamy, Tom.
I'm loving this Canada series happening Tom!
I graduated from UBC and walked over these every day and never knew!!
Probably called rabbit line due to how fast it is as someone who goes to a small animal auction with rabbits and my younger brother breeding them rabbits can be very fast and hard to catch sometimes
What in the hell, since when were you in Vancouver? I could've been sharing a pint with Tom Scott if only I'd been in the right place and the right time and already friends with Tom Scott.
Asian people are so smart!
I got a procedure at the UBC hospital earlier this year, and found this particularly fascinating because of that connection :)
OMG I CANT BELIEVE YOU WERE IN VANCOUVER AND I DIDNT KNOW
I worked in that lab for a number of years back in the 1990s (hi Vesna!). It was called a rabbit for exactly the reason you might guess: it resembled a rabbit racing through its tunnel. This team has done some very important work. Nice to see them featured here.
⭐🙂👍
2:46 Your simulated line seems sending things to green college rather than the UBC hospital 😂
Woolworths 1970's! Wheeeeeeeeee.  :)  It must have been great excitement as a kid watching them. Many other places had them too.
relative speed of a rabbit versus an on-foot human?
Coming from Vancouver’s very own Asian scientist Tricia Takanawa
Wow... something I didn't know in my own backyard! Hope you enjoyed your visit to Vancouver. Love the videos!
My uncle worked at TRIUMF for decades, I got a few tours decades ago.  Neat place, with some amazing science going on there
No safety glasses?  That’s a big no-no in any lab.
going to take a wild guess that it is called Rabbit because it is fast
Hey Tom, do you know anything about cloud seeding? I've heard of it but don't really understand. Would love to see your take on something like that
Does the rabbit ever get stuck? Or if there is ever a loss of pressure that stops the rabbit, restarting pressure is enough to get it moving again if it stopped halfway?
"I don't really know what a cyclotron is, but I am certainly very happy Canada has one." ~ Pierre Elliott Trudeau on the TRIUMF cyclotron (1976)
This is my preferred method of shipping radioactive liquids too.
Why is the thing travelling underground called the "rabbit"? Maybe because it's a thing travelling underground...
Ask if it had to do with the rabbit infestations on campus!
Huh
"...it emits gamma rays."  Dr Banner has entered the chat.
Thanks for getting this in Tom: the Rabbit Line is a really cool solution to a tricky problem.  Hopefully it helps inspire others!  I hope you had an amazing time in Vancouver too!
I do recall that when I was in nearby Victoria many years ago, I saw the biggest damn rabbits I'd ever encountered. Like, Woundwort+ size. Maybe huge rabbits are endemic to that part of Canada. 🤔
Maybe the rabbit euphemistically refers to the device used to goad greyhounds into running. Or, maybe it refers to a rabbit hole and the hole part is forgotten.
I visited TRIUMF in 1999.  It was spring break and I got a chance to visit a lot of the UBC campus and surrounding Vancouver area
I assumed it was called Rabbit because of the similar shape to a Rampant Rabbit,,,,,,,
Tom has graced UBC with his presence
Thank you for teaching me something about my own local city that I never knew about.  Hope you had fun in Vancouver.
Why is that radioactive sign pink?!??
Hi Tom, One of your annoying fans again. They call it the rabbit line because in dog races from a long time ago, the race dogs would chase a mechanical rabbit that is powered by a fast wire on a track. Search for race track mechanical rabbits.
Tom Scott visited my university and I didn't even know
This feels like a future issue
You're here!!! Welcome to the west coast! I got to visit the TRIUMF facility when I was in high-school because a friend's dad worked there. Very cool experience 😊👍 Had no idea about this underground delivery system!
It's interesting that the rabbit line is uni-directional. Makes sense since you're not in a hurry to send the capsules ("rabbits") back.
You were here ?!?! So cool :) I wondered what those medallions were. What else are you doing in the area. I'm so excited.
so cool to hear about the school right across the border! convenient way to send samples
15 minute drive? You're telling me no one on campus is a bmw driver that can take it?
👍🏻
ARE YOU STILL IN VANCOUVER?
My university also has a cyclotron for creating radioactive compounds for PET scans or other pharmaceuticals (a lot of the research focuses on tracking the path of drugs through the body) but I have NO idea how they're transported. Now I'm curious!  The thing I found most interesting when listening to the researchers on our campus talk about their work was how different their general goals for a reaction are, compared to most chemists. Generally, chemists looking to synthesize something want good yield as one of their primary requirements. Because the radioactive isotopes they're using have short half-lives (I think the longest they discussed was around 2 hours) they're far less concerned with yield than with reaction speed. Additionally, they have to stick with solvents that are safe to use in the body, in case there are still traces left after purification.
I’m gonna go out on a limb and say it’s because it looks like a…toy
Nobody could figure out why it's called a Rabbit Line?  My lawnmower has two speeds, Turtle and Rabbit.
I'm scared of getting dementia and parkinson's
I just noticed, but why did you stop adding the red triangle for Amazing Places and the red line for Things You Might Not Know to the thumbnails?
Theres a particle accelerator like 5 minutes down the road from me, I alos work across the street from it. Thing is scary to think about
Did anyone else notice the perfect transition from thumbnail to video?
Maybe it's called the rabbit line because in dog races they use a rabbit on a track to get the dogs chasing after it
The amount of concrete blocks for shielding really gives you the idea that some serious stuff goes on in here...
very cool!
Good old labbit rine.
That's awesome but how did they get it under there?
Just a quick correction: TRIUMF is run jointly between UBC and SFU. SFU, as I understand it, is more in charge of physics and nuclear science while UBC does more chemistry and health sciences.
Why don't they just position the patient inside the cyclotron as the target?
Rabbit Line comes from Dog Racing. They fire a rabbit all be it on a track/cable in the inside that the dogs chase. This is my two cents anyways.
Why wouldn’t you just put the particle accelerator _in_ the hospital?
I hope you enjoy(ed) your time in 🇨🇦
Great video!  It might be called a rabbit line because one way to clean long tubes like this is to run a ferret through them, and ferrets like chasing rabbits.
I love all the Canadian things you’ve been showing us lately.
I don't know the answer to the rabbit question, but Tom, did they show you their technetium cow?
This isn't directly related to the rabbit line, but more about how they make the isotopes. Why do they start with H- (a proton and two electrons), accelerate it, then strip off the electrons to make H+ (just a proton) and send that to the target? Why not start with H+ and just accelerate that?  The only reason I can really think of is that maybe they're sticking more than one extra electron on it, so they have a higher charge/mass ratio for easier acceleration. But can you really make a hydrogen anion with two extra electrons?  I suppose they might have an accelerator that for whatever reason can only work with negatively charged particles, but that seems kind of limited, if you really want a proton beam.
Gamma rays, huh? Is there someone named Bruce that works there?
It's BC, they're just using it for pot
Another great video covering and obscure and interesting topic! After Tom requested people to send in ideas for next year, I found something really cool in another country that I hope he will one day cover.
Alice down the rabbit hole.
Thanks for coming back to Hongcouver! We've always got some interesting nerdy stuff to show off.
But why not just have the facilities in the same building?
Th- what?
Seriously, nobody knows?  I'd say "Quick, like a bunny!"
Dude you’re in my city you didn’t call me
You said 100 KM/H. Did you mean /S? About 0:30
Isn't it called the rabbit line because rabbits burrow underground to form warrens? "Naked mole rat line" doesn't have quite the same ring to it 😀
It's probably called a Rabbit Line because after the lure on a greyhound track that's literally a line of cable that gets pulled around the track with a rabbit-like lure on it.
I seem to recall large department stores in downtown Chicago using pneumatic tubes for communications and paperwork transport.  (This was 50, maybe 60 years ago, back when there were still elevator operators.)  I remember there being a bunch of tubes, depending on where something had to go...
This is amazing
Are you kidding me tom came to my city and I didn't even know 😪
We have something very similar at McMaster University, where we ship radioactive isotopes to the children's hospital on campus. McMaster is also the only global supplier of iodine-25 isotope used in brachytherapy for multiple types of cancer!
The original Hyperloop.
again, Tom scott has created a canada playlist...
That's amazing. I remember when pneumatic tubes were seen much more often.  My bank's drive in used a much larger and slower pneumatic tube. At the State of Minnesota, they had a pneumatic tube system to shoot mail around the state capitol area. The "leak air out at destination" is a really simple solution to an important engineering issue.
Imagine the cost...
Come chill
when u get too excited and explain to ur bf how radioactive materials can be used in medicine and u dont watch any of the video, go back and rewatch it and realise they were talking about THE EXACT SAME THING you were explaining,, fellas i feel so big brain
come chill
I got a suggestion for a weird and fun place to visit. In the netherlands in a village called Apeldoorn, there is something called 'haps kamp'. Here kids of elementary school go to for a couple of days to experience what's it like to life couple thousand years ago.
You are absolutely correct, I had no idea any of this existed—I knew that there was a 'TRIUMF' at the south end of campus, but no clue what it was for, and _definitely_ didn't expect us to have our own particle accelerator! :O Hope you enjoyed your trip to UBC!
Can’t wait till those anti-5G people find out about this
That is super fascinating! Wow.
"Don't expect a capsule in about ten minutes even though it says there should be one. Oh there's a youtuber who just wants to push the rabbit hole send button."
I didn't understand a thing. But cool! Would like one
0:13 Did he say 'Rabbit' or 'Rabid?' 0:21 Oh.
its called a rabbit because its a rabbit
0:46 Looks exactly like a Portal test chamber.
That's a really smart solution!
2:17 that small jumpscare xD
The system became clogged up when a greyhound tried chasing the rabbit down the rabbit hole.
Where does ‘the rabbit’ come from? Chapter one of Alice in Wonderland is called ‘down the rabbit hole’ . I bet it was his idea, he wanted to be a nuclear physicist before he was distracted into writing marvellous children’s stories.
0:07 seconds in, ' _slightly_ radioactive'? Even bananas are ' _slightly_ radioactive'.. I'll keep watching, but that made me lose interest ngl I do like random facts though so I appreciate your videos!
3:08 A *vent* you say?
Heyyyyy, I got my bachelor degree there!  It sucked.  Sucked like a pneumatic tube.
*I wonder if the Henry Anus sign is still there*
Woah  cyclotrons are way bigger than I thought they were
interesting rabbit line. thanks tom.
Interesting as always - I'm always excited to watch a new Tom Scott video and learn something fascinating.
Tom, if you're in BC, look into Ripple Rock.
For just one second, I thought the flag said Trump
As a UBC student and a long-time viewer, this was an awesome crossover I did not expect!!
Where I was they built the buildings next to each other so it could be walked across but this seems way more fun
Tom, did you make a stop at Victoria? :D
Omg I literally requested a video like this but at a different location
I know I was super excited to see Tom at my workplace.  Secretly hoping to find myself in the background of this video, but guess I didn't make the cut!  Looking forward to the next video and hope you guys got to enjoy a bit of Vancouver while you were here.
Great, fun video!
Tom: 0:21 The guy behind the cameraman watching Tom film: "WAIT, WHAT!?"
A rabbit line because it moves so fast, surely
does anyone know what microphone is Tom using here?
Is that the $3 million medicine?
That last two question is very comically anticlimactic lol  1. No one knows 2. Plain ol' way
Isn't that the same stuff that goes into homer simpsons hood
Perhaps "rabbit" is related to rabbit burrows, either real or cartooned.
need captions. her accent is too strong
Very interesting video, thank you! The half-life of isotopes for PET is not very long, e.g. about 20 min for 11C, and as shown in the video, the substances must be processed further before injection. I know of solutions, where the cyclotron is located in the hospital, but even there, the delay of 2+ min is hardly reachable. Plus: Those medical cyclotrons typically yield  protons with 15 to 30 MeV. Here: 520 MeV. What an apparatus! I am sure they produce all kinds of medical isotopes with longer half-life, that can be shipped conventionally.
Genius
this is so amazing 😍
I've gone to school here for almost 5 years and I had no idea about any of this, absolutely mind-bending to see where I walk like every single day in a Tom Scott video
You should visit the Tern at Desy in Hamburg!
And your “rabbits foot” microphone is adorable. 😊
Congratz to the Streamy Award!
Why do Chinese people talk so monotone or robotic? Genuinely curious, I am multilingual and have been told I have almost no accent in French, German, and Swedish. However, all my Chinese peers have extremely thick accents
+
Brain: "You have to remember this. This is very important and fanszinating. Me: "Why?" Brain "Because! We now remember this forever, also: rabbits 😀"  I have no idea why, but this video realy spoke to me. Thanks for making it 🙂
This is so cool
How do you do this Tom? How do you continue to put out unique and fascinating things every week and after so long? I'm going to miss these when you're done but you have never dropped in quality and that's truly special.  Another great quality is that you always work with people who can explain things so well so quickly. Thank you to Dr. Sossi and Dr. Yang.
I know the address says 4004, not 404, but I don't like those numbers near my radioactive elements.  We don't need any errors.
This is brilliant unto the point of magical, and it makes me happy to know it exists, but I'm sure some pearl clutcher somewhere is outraged it exists and will make it the focus of their life to end it.
Of course an asian engineer
Physics, chemistry, biology and engineering all working in perfect sync to make people healthier. That’s awesome.
Welcome to Vancouver! Hope you enjoyed your time on the Wet Coast.
we need more stuff being sent via Presurized tubes
It's a hyperloop for radioactive isotopes.
So there isn't any residual build up underground?
In Australia they have Lucas Heights... The only nuclear reactor in Australia. Not everyone knows about it.  That one creates medical isotopes.
Rabbit?  It’s named after the “mechanical rabbit” which in the old greyhound racing tracks in Florida the greyhound would chase around the “rabbit” during a race.
I SAW U ON THE BC TRANSIT IN VICTORIA
I remember back in Highschool, for our senior physics assignment we had to pick a medical imaging technology and write a reports on how it functioned. I chose a PET machine, which isn't the same as this, but follows a similar principle. Inject a patient with something slightly radioactive and measure the output. In the case of PET machines the radioactive isotope is contained in some molecule that your body already uses so they can see if your body is doing anything odd with that molecule that it shouldn't. For example they can use a molecule almost identical to sugar and can see if a group of cells is absorbing it unnaturally fast which may indicate cancer.   This sort of stuff is just so interesting.
At 0:56: "We inject H Minus, so negative charges of hydrogen" Humm... H+ Is an hydrogen atom without its electron, but what is H minus ??? Just the electron ??? Then "Our chemists will do their magic"...
When Tom Scott appears literally 5 min from your house in your neighborhood!? What an honor, also didn't know I've been driving over antimatter all these years!!
Returning Rabbits isn’t a priority… snail mail
Very interesting!
c'mon you should have visited CERN
rabbitline? Isn't there a parable in English about the rabbit and the hedgehog? in German there is ....
The title of this video is the best kind of clickbait
This is peak Tom Scott
Amazing!
Fascinating!
This video was a tale of two halves - too (5 minutes) and fro (8 seconds) Excellent stuff
If you're still wondering why a 10 minute drive is too long: as Yang mentions, the half-life of the carbon-11 is 20 minutes, which means that every 20 minutes it takes to get the pharmaceutical from the cyclotron to the patient, you loose half of it. So during the 10 minute car ride alone, you're loosing 30%!
I wouldn't be so sure that the radioactive substances do *NOT* have any detrimental effects on the body.  The real question should be if the body is able to recover from any damage that is caused.  If the answer is "no", then you're looking at even more health problems decades down the line.
I would like Dr Sossi to read me bed time stories
Very cool!
As a UBC alumni, I had absolutely no idea this thing existed… and hearing it from a foreigner…
My old school have a nuclear reactor
Neurology needs so much more R&D funding!! Thanks Tom!
So do they get returned by a tortoise line?
Woah.
That last remark is priceless about sending the rabbits back: "the oldschool!" It is hard to grasp how this research works and what amazing results could be achieved. This really is next level science.
Tyyoobes?
Neato, my father machines and builds parts for Triumf
Ferb, I know what we're gonna do today.
We Don need to stop at stop sign 🤣🤣 love it
Technically, UBC isn't part of Vancouver.
This is how the Internet works.  It's a system of tubes.
From what I was told, there are two reasons: 1. Dog racing, which uses a mechanical rabbit as a pacemaker, 2. Samples in irradiation experiments are usually called rabbits (which leaves the question "why")
I imagine it's called the Rabbit Line because the Tortoise Line wouldn't be nearly as effective.
London should do this. 🇬🇧
I had dreams growing up that we would build certain towns that function with built in air tubes , so mail, packages, etc. Could be sent to each home thru a complex pipeline system.
Congrats on the Streamy award, Tom Scott. You deserved it and more.
This is so weird. A CCP R&D spy explains the function of a vibrator shaped missile called a Rabbit that goes into a receptor
The path it takes reminds me of  a Greyhound race track I once visited. The mechanical rabbits shot out of their “burrows” & went flying down the track on a sort-of mono-rail looking contraption while the dogs gave chase. The rabbit track was quite fast (as were the dogs). That’s my theory. Also never Thought of how those isotopes got to the hospitals I worked at; I just knew they were used.
They get everywhere don't they. Taking over the world.
Hold on. You are in my city??????
@tom Scott, you should check out the FRIB at Michigan State University.
What happens if it breaks down in the middle of the track?
Wow. You know, if you just scaled up the tube, and sucked the air out, and made pods big enough for people, and boosted the pressure to go 700km/hr you could go LA to NY in no time at all. We could call it the hyper rabbit line. 😅
So you're saying I could theoretically drill into these tubes and siphon some of the materials for myself?
Quick! Take this carbon before it becomes nitrogen!
hey saw Tom in vancouver last friday didn't get the chance to say hi, my dad worked at TRIUMF for a couple of years and get the chance to tour the place in detail, and got to see the business end of the accelerator and the massive amount of shielding around the place,
Rabbits are fast and live in underground tunnels.  Rabbit line.
Tom said,”Tchuuubes” reminds me of my favorite episode of citation needed.
The term "Rabbit" for a small, rapidly transported radioactive sample is used quite generally in nuclear engineering, and is not unique to this application or location.   For example, it is also used in nuclear reactor systems, where material is irradiated by neutrons (instead of protons from an accelerator, as in this case), and is removed rapidly, often with pneumatic systems.  If anyone is interested in the origin of the term "rabbit", that information might help!
ERMAGERD YER IN MA TURF!!! Welcome to Rain City!
Welcome to Vancouver! So honoured to have you here!
Was talking to a gentleman who worked here a few years ago, I knew you were in Vancouver just from the video title!
I CANT BELIEVE HE WAS HERE AND I DIDNT KNOW IT 😢
I didn't even wonder why it's called that. Rabbits are burrowing animals, the probes go through an underground tunnel, rabbits are quite quick on short distances, the probes get to the hospital faster than by standard means. It just intuitively made sense to me. 🤔
Damn it I almost met Tom Scott! I worked under Dr. Yang for 4 months last term in the radiochemistry labs.
Of course Honeywell makes the scanner.
Oh I thought, a nice Tom Scott Podcast on Spotify, great!  So I listened and got 2.5 mins of adverts for weird things I'm not interested in AND I'm a Spotify subscriber. Sorry mate, but adverts on something I pay for aren't for me.
Huh this is neat. In Australia we fly the isotopes for cancer imaging over 600 km every 6 hours. Maybe further.
I've lived in Vancouver for over 30 years, and had no idea this existed. Thanks for explaining this!
Real life Brazil. We should have these everywhere, rabbit line my uber order.
This is cool and all..but at 2:34 on the right, do you mean to tell me there's some lucky bastard who has an apartment that overlooks a GIANT FOREST??
it's a documentary about a transport system, not radio-pharmacy, for all the thirsty scientism fans out there.
well it's faster than the turtle car, so it must be a rabbit. 🤣
It's probably the rabbit line because it's an underground tunnel in which an object travels fast and sent to the PET department. An animal that's fast and likes to tunnel... that's my guess at least.
yay finally some video about uclear medicine logistics, I've been expectig wendover to do it for a while now
The mechanical ‘bait’ that greyhounds chase round a track in dog racing is called a rabbit. That would be my guess.
Figure they have a "Rabbit Van" to take the empties back to the particle  accelerator. 🐇
Sweet, wish I could get my pizza delivered this quick 😁
In our local research reactor facility, they use this too, just within a building. And in Prague there used to be whole system operated by Post to quickly transfer small packages. I am not sure, if it is still operational, it got big hit during floods in 2002. We call it "Tube Post"
Modern medicine and science is magic
I'm so glad you have done a few in Canada! I love to learn curious things about my country.
Here in Switzerland it is called Rohrpost. Like tube-post. Every hospital has it, most in 2-3 different sizes. In the main hospital of Zürich they are producing the stuff for the PET-MR on site. It is crazy how far we got in medical technology.
I go to school at UBC and I'd never heard of this before. Thank you Tom for educating millions around the world. You are a treasure.
"drive it - old school"  ha ha
I have a theory that "rabbit" either comes from somebody thinking "rabbit goes into one hole and emerges at a different hole", or it was meant to be "rapid" but someone misunderstood and now it's called "rabbit", like Googol / Google.
Within 5 hours!
The one one Japan is cooler.
Rabbit is the general term for one of these pneumatic tubes that shoots stuff along, at least in a radioactive setting. They also exist at nuclear test reactors for transporting samples into and out of irradiation zones. Where that names come from, I also don't know, but I imagine it's just like a rabbit shooting down a rabbit hole.
I go to UBC 😳
wow amazing
Why haven't you done this one before?  This is fascinating! 😃
facinating, but seeing a syringe with radioactive stuff in it makes me v/ uncomfortable xD Then again, I'm not big on syringes anyway... or radioactivity for that matter
You were in my city and at the school I currently attend and I DIDN'T know?!?!
I thought this was CERN at Switzerland
I had the opportunity to visit TRIUMF. When standing on top of the Cyclotron, our phones shut off and the guides handed out paperclips. When you put one in your palm it stands up straight. On our way out of the facility we went through a Geiger counter gate to measure any radiation levels on us. We got to see the rabbit line and I couldn't believe how small it was. One of my peers licked a frozen pipe inside the lab like an idiot. I wanted to kill him for it
I assume it's called the rabbit line because it's fast and lives underground.
I knew about radioactive material being used for medication, as I live near one such facility that makes them (Petten, Netherlands). But I did not know about this use.   These kind of videos are exactly why I watch your material, thanks Tom.
Meanwhile the funding for the pol sci faculty:
So how fast was the acceleration to get to 100 km/hr?  (see what I did there?). Why "PSI". - can't we all stay metric?
Very cool Tom
If this were UofVic and not UBC I could tell you why it's called the rabbit line.
I can only imagine its the rabbit because it goes through a small underground tunnel.
Mental
Chinese?  Radioactive?  Human?  Injection?  Uh huh.
Great video! Interesting stuff!
i’m no expert but could you not just make the stuff next to the hospital
I know that lady explaining how the device works is definitely smarter than I can hope to ever be but “Cycrotron” made me laugh really hard, on another note, super informative video, this is a fascinating system
How does Tom find these places of interest i never knew i would be interested in?
This is my university and I had no idea this was there, that is awesome
This is awesome!    As an undergraduate in the summer of 1994, I was hired as a research assistant.  Near the end of that summer, we helped run an experiment at TRIUMF, back when it was a physics research accelerator.  I spent many hours in that giant room with the yellow blocks as we were buttoning up the experiment, and then another week in the counting room on the upper floor as the experiment ran.    It's so cool that it's been re-purposed as a medical research accelerator.  I love it!    Thanks for the blast from the past, Tom!
What are the pipes made of?
My daughter and I just watched this video.  We live 2 or 3 miles from UBC and her Dad works there.  Very cool video!  Are you in Vancouver right now?
_Rabbit Transit Line_  - Neat!
My university has a research reactor that has a pneumatic sample system. It's also called a rabbit system, though I don't think anyone knows why either.
Oh come on, it's obvious why it's called the Rabbit line, no?
A lot of research reactors use a pneumatic tube system to run irradiation targets in and out of the core when they need to be removed quickly due to short half lives.  They call them the "rabbit" because it is faster than using a fishing pole that the other targets get in and out with.
im a ubc student and had no idea! thanks tom
Scientists and medics: this is completely safe and non hazardous.   Also scientists and medics: always working behind a thick glass and metal protection, putting the liquid in lead enclosures
Those two scientist are the real MPVs. Respect!
OMG Rabbit line : Rabbits have underground burrows with rabbits in them....!!! " Why is it called the rabbit line" ......wtf.....
So they went to the trouble of plumbing this without having a "return lane"??
I think it's absolutely great when you get to have the scientists, researchers, experts explain things directly. Great work Tom! Love it.
I live in BC (not near here but nonetheless) and I had no idea there was something like this so it's so cool to learn about! Also neat to see that Tom was in my corner of the world
why Chinese "Research Scientist" in Canada????? I want to know how many Canadian Research Scientist are working in China?
See a track rabbit in action in "The Grey Hounded Hare" 1949 Bugs Bunny. Youtube video code  _Ynzq9DXiT0
Might be called rabbit line because of the old dog race where a rabbit was strung along a line around the arena and the dogs chase it.
It's a rabbit hole line...
Very nice! :D
You were at my uni and I didn’t know!?!?
like, Rabbits run really fast, duh
It's called the rabbit line as an internal pipe diameter gauge (like the thing sent down the tubes here) is called a rabbit in the oilfield/pipeline industry, part of a long line of animal-themed nicknames: - Rabbit: internal pipe diameter gauge - Pig: plug pumped along to scrape inside of pipe and clean it - Fish: something dropped inside the pipe you need to go and "fish" out - Pup: a shorter than normal joint of pipe - Mouse hole: A hole in the floor for standing up a section of pipe before joining it to the rest  - Bull plug: A blank/blind-ended plug that seals off the pipe
MY GUESS as to why it's called 'rabbit' is it goes back to dog racing tracks where the ''rabbit" was really a fur covered lure that zips along a track above the rail, within the dogs' view.
Hey Tom, if you’re still in Vancouver i’d  love for you to take a look at our salmon ladders and other ways we preserve the salmon population!
Oh dam you were here, I would have loved to have bought you a coffee or helped you out. Hope your trip is fun.
I wish I knew more about that, like how big is the tube, what kind of material is the tube, how deep is it, and what keeps any construction crew from going through that?
Hey, you're not supposed to recap needles!
Wow! It's fun to see a title, think "Was Tom at UBC? I bet this is UBC.", and see the building where I used to work. I never dealt with any of the radioisotopes, but I definitely knew the line came into the building thanks to the disruption from construction when they were rerouting it from the older part of the hospital.
Go 'topes!!
Also anyone named Bruce Banner is banned from working there
Niche infrastructure. Always interesting.
My favourite thing about PET is that you temporarily turn the patient into a walking anti-matter generator
i tought the radioactive stuff was send under the city streets to stay there as nuclear waste.
I'm absolutely loving this Canadian series
Neat!
I heard proton beam and instantly starting humming along to Ghostbusters.
wow that is incredibly cool :O
The Rabbit line itself could be called a particle accelerator and decelerator 😬
Project showcase happened like that : - we built this amazing system to send stuff in no time - nice, how does it get back ? - ...getting back ?
I live like a half hour away from UBC and I did not know any of this. Wild
Great video Tom, thank-you.
Hey Tom! Great to see you at my university! I'm a PhD student here and work on the creation of antimatter at CERN, if you ever want to visit let me know and we can arrange something!
Is it me or has Toms videos been a lot more wild recently
It's called the Rabbit line because it runs on Hare Pressure.
Great drone and animation shot. Such a great visualization.
I mean. It's running in a hole...
It is called a rabbit line because it is stereotypically said that rabbits are very fast runners (think turtle & hare race). The word line just means path for transportation.
It is called Rabbit LIne because its like a Rabbit Warren underground leading from A to B.
What a bunch of brilliant people
Wouldn't it be called a rabbit line because of the rabbit used in dog racing?
Keeping up with tom,  is tom....   well played.
Wait, building all this tube infrastructure was more economic than just driving it by car? Why is it important enough to deliver these in 2 minutes instead of 15 to build all this?
Another top notch video Tom. :)
The bouncing GE screensaver on the MRI machine caught me off guard.
Welcome to Vancouver...wish you could have done a meet and greet but I'm thinking that's not you style 😉
Imagine getting your medicine from “The particle accelerator just down the road.”
Technically throwing a banana is “launching radioactive stuff” too
Literally down the rabbit hole.
My mom works at a hospital (Ichilov, in Tel Aviv) as a lab worker, they receive samples to test via a hospital-wide pneumatic tubes system, it's so cool. Just much faster and more efficient than having a delivery boy making back and forth trips all the time from the nurses to the lab, or worse, the nurses having to bring over samples by themselves, wasting their valuable time.  I'm not sure if this is common practice at hospitals worldwide or if this one is unique!
Oh look, Tom found one of hundreds of CCP spies operating in Canadian nuclear and scientific academia, stealing technology from the west. Maybe talk about that one day.
Who else remembers when Costco used to use a similar system?
Seams like a oversight that they don't have a return tube 🤷🏻‍♂️
Push the button, Frank.
@04:54 down the "Rabbit" hole?
The... U of  A
Here at 218,383 views.
aw snap, you were here?
Probably rabbit line because it's fast
Ace. Something else I didnt know! Cheers Tom
If I had to guess why everyone calls them rabbit systems, it'd be for the same reason the unit 'barn' was coined for cross sections. Old engineers having a laugh.
As a Canadian, I am very glad Tom Scott has taught me a lot of things I didn’t know about my country over the past few weeks
I wonder how expensive this would be to create vs just using a drone that would fly that short distance. Probably wouldn't be as fast but certainly faster than driving.
These are brilliant and caring  people who do this
They call it the rabbit line because it's fast! Fast! FAST! 😜
It's like the engineers got bored and stopped after building it one way.
I am sure it's called a rabbit line because of old school rabbits depiction in cartoons where they would jump in their hole and speed dig their way underground.
ok tom cott
this is incredible
Here in Hamburg we have a very similar system. It is called DESY.
Cool you have a company in Belgium called sck cen that does similar research. They also have a reactor
Oh THAT'S why my tumour is getting smaller!
This was a TRIUMF I'm making a note here: huge success!
same as in Sydney lmao
Steady doing these videos on particle accelerators Tom,  you'll draw in the "they're opening up a portal to another dimension " crew 🤣
Such pneumatic systems are great: They are comparatively cheap, reliable, long lasting, efficient and fast. They are NOT for bulk-transport so if you need to move a lot of stuff look somewhere else. It is their simplicity that makes them work. The connection only needs to be a rather simple tube that needs to be decently smooth on the inside and can not bend too tightly - which can be done with cheap plastic pipes that last forever. The systems on each end are also really simple if it is used just for point-to-point connections (switches are available but mostly avoided due to complexity and problems they create). They are incredible fast too as there is nearly nothing that can go even close to that speed, let alone go that speed right to the place you want to send it to or where you are working.  I have seen them used in a university for physical data-transfer. Unplugging some hotswopable HDDs and sending them to the other side of the building and then plugging them in again only takes a couple of minutes, netting you effective speeds in the range of a couple hundred GB/second (doing that over cable would require some expensive networking-gear, high performance storage on both end and still be limited to datatransmission - so no "i'll send you over a pcb-prototype" ).  And they are fun.
Maybe it's called a rabbit line after the Hare that Greyhounds chase on a track.  Also this brings the 'Farticle accelerator' joke to mind.
Our tracers have to come to us 150 miles by van. We could scan so many more people if we had this.
Can’t believe Tom was at my school and I missed him!
What if you hit it with a rusty pickaxe?
My question: why is it build with that distance?
A lot of words I don't understand but I appreciate the video
0:54 negatively charged hydrogen? was that a mistake? If not, wow how does that work?
Where's the UBC Tom Scott fan meetup?
Very intersting I have no idea what is going on.
For rabbit line check dog racing.
I would bet they could get it there faster by having a pre-vacuum by evacuating the air from the tube prior to launch. Still amazed that Tom keeps finding these hidden gems everywhere; Keep 'em coming! Thank you.
Congrats on the streamy last night!
"I _did_ ask if I could press the button." Never miss your chance at the little joys in life.
Why was this video so much more interesting than some others before it? I don't know but thank you Tom nonetheless!
2:28 did you keyframe that track? looks like trash
Even if it transported enriched uranium on the surface, still it would be less dangerous than their government.
That's really cool!
It could be that the rabbit line was named after the rabbit in Monty Python and the Holy Grail. It is indeed no ordinary rabbit.
Ayy UBC! I go there! I never knew about the tubes.
I am confused, radioactivity for the brain? We already have MRI and CT scans, CT for urgent cases, MRI for less urgent cases, also if it is gamma radiation you'd need like 1 meter of lead, how did you hold that in your hand without getting damaged?
Reminds me of working at the ammunition plant and a testing range was right under one of the bathrooms you would certainly feel it when they fired off a 375 h&h   Yes there was supposedly armor plating to protect us
I worked for a company that shares a lot of "cyclotron genealogy" with the TRIUMF cyclotron, and produced some of the equipment used with that cyclotron (though that was mostly before my time). The company later went on to design and build much smaller, self-shielded cyclotrons that could be installed on site in a hospital, literally next door to the room containing the scanner, where the isotopes generated by the cyclotron were used. Because they were so close to the point of use, these smaller cyclotrons could produce isotopes that wouldn't withstand even a quick trip through a pneumatic line. The shortest-lived isotope we used was O-15, with a half-life of only two minutes. Not a lot of leeway there.
this reminds me of the time I ate a bag of worms
Ein Kommentar
So strange that most of the staff/students wouldn't know about this FASCINATING stuff beneath them! If I saw a lil metal thing on the ground that said Rabbit Line I'd immediately look it up...but I also just tried a few keywords and besides Tom Scott-related sites, I saw VERY few relevant results. Love y'all's commitment to obscurities.
I imagine it’s called the “rabbit” line because the sample container zooming away down a track at high speeds is reminiscent of the “rabbit” device used to entice racing greyhounds to run fast at the dog tracks.
How does Tom know what I've been eating?
Well, LITERALLY under your feet would be your shoes or the street.
Hi Tom!
Elon Musk is so jealous right now
If I had to guess, I'd say they call it the Rabbit Line because it travels rapidly through small underground tunnels, like a rabbit.
this is so freaking cool thanks tom
The ending gave me a bit of a chortle.
When driving is old school way of transportation 😅
huh
5G.
I thought you had a guinea pig stuffed in your sweatshirt.. it's a microphone😂 Although... do you think you could hire a guinea pig mic guy to hold it even though it's entirely unnecessary? That'd be real adorable, I think it could do wonders for viewer engagement :)
H-? Hydrogen with an extra electron or just an electron?
Rabbit line because it's underground?
So glad you're covering this! I live near Vancouver and TRIUMF is one of the coolest places I've ever been.
Fascinating as always. So much stuff that people never think about in infrastructure.
I loved the voices of both of the scientists giving explanations in this video, very soothing and easy to digest. I also love that they just drive the capsules back, which totally makes sense, they are empty when they go back so there is no rush to get them back to the start location so no need to create a return tube. They likely have enough capsules so use throughout the whole day anyway so they would only need to return them at the end of the day.
Me knowing toms in my province making me go nuts
Sorry for being silly here Tom but I struggled to take in the explanation of what they are creating and what it is used for. Am I right with the gist being that they create a radioactive fluid, albeit only microscopically radioactive, that is injected in the blood stream of a patient and which then shows up the cardiovascular system in whatever part of the body they then image with x-ray or MRI etc? Thanks for anyone helping to spell it out in crayon for me!.
It is the greatest regret of my life that I started working on this site the week after Tom Scott filmed a video here.
shouldnt the rabbit line be a secret or at least the timing when they send radio active stuff because even test and measurement grade can be used by a terrorist.  while the line is underground the holes come up to street level and someone could intercept a transport.
I used to work as an operator at a nuclear research reactor (at Reed College; I think Tom has already made a video about it) that had a similar device, for removing experimental samples with short half-lives at high speed - though its path was much shorter, only across a few rooms. I think it was called the 'rabbit' just because it moved very fast.
It seems weird to see the century-old GE logo used as a screensaver on a PET scanner.
It's called the Rabbit Line because it's small and fast, duh.
I love learning new things. Thanks Tom! :)
So this liquid is contrast fluid? I had two scans made of my brain. Because of severe migraine attacks that i have had most of my life. And they injected me with a fluid before the scan was made. Or is this something different?
okay, the title is slightly dramatic… but only slightly 😂
Asians rock everywhere...we are owning the world damn...✌🏻
Excellent usage of the drone and the red line.
Tom always finds a good "punch line" for every one of his videos!
great vid as always
I remember hearing about the rabbit line when I visited TRIUMF a few months ago, great subject choice! I am loving your Canadian trip videos.
Hum
We call it the rabbit because it goes down the rabbit hole. Ya get it
Sushi
This is why the city tells you to “call before you dig.”
Interesting.   As soon as Carbon-11 was mentioned, I  was thinking it would be a positron emitter for positron emission tomography (PET). Carbon-11 would have six protons but only five neutrons, which is why it is a short-lived isotope. Emission of a positron and some gamma radiation would result in Boron-11; and I  have no idea if this is stable or radioactive.   However, the curious thing that struck me was that the researcher mentioned detecting the gamma rays from the radionuclide, not the positrons (despite various items bearing the legend "PET" visible in the film). I wonder what's up with that.
UBC , university of a billion Chinese.
Brilliant system. Honestly surprised it's not more common to centralize production of things between multiple hospitals for instance. It's a super fast and reliable mode of transportation.
Gamma rays?!? So they are researching how to make The Hulk!
What a great video
Ah TRIUMF. I have been there for an experiment. Great people and cool equipment.
If I had to guess, Rabbit likely comes from the robotic rabbit that is associated with hound races. It travels along the inner fenceline and, I guess, encourages the dogs to keep pace.
Is it possible to get a counter air powered return shoot like that coal bucket you showered previously?
You always find some crazy cool shtuff
This is really fun
It's cool they are using PET MRI systems in their research.  Once upon a time I worked on those systems where they are built for GE Healthcare.
nigagae😊
I attend UBC and pass the Triumf centre and hospital daily and had no clue this tube system existed! I will definitely keep an eye out for the markings today!
You did it! You found the series of tubes!
Honestly I didn't know this kind of thing existed (a particle accelerator for hospitals) and I find it truly amazing how far humanity has come
Ha, I also work in radiopharma and filled out that suggestion form with something like this!
NEVER BEFORE would I have guessed that General Electric made MRIs! 4:28
It needs to be a red candy like button or why bother
TRIUMF!
"We extract H- to proton"... not sure what she's saying here. Isn't H- already a fancy way of saying "proton"?
Words can't express the compounded amazingness the whole process is. Inspirational.
The jokes about "Hongcouver" sure seem accurate hahaha
Cool you came to BC, hope you liked it here 🇨🇦🌹
I like how he just casually mixes pounds per square inch and kilometers per hour at 1:57
More sciency stuff and factory stuff plz
I didn't even know there was a particle accelerator in Canada, let alone one right next to me
Glad to see that TRIUMF and Vancouver is getting some love from Tom! Hope he covers more exciting locations in the city!
At the University of Maryland Radiation Facilities, the research tube we use to send samples into the reactor is also called a rabbit. Never asked why, but seems like a common thing in nuclear facilities
Hey not having a second line to send them back?
I can't believe you managed to get Vesna Sossi on your video. Very cool!
This is fascinating. Well done to everyone who works in medical research.
RABBIT: Radio-Active Buried Bullet Instant Transport.
Meanwhile here at YorkU, we can't even get the _Assignment Submissions_ to go fast enough...
Not sure why it is called a rabbit, but it isn't the only animal term used in nuclear physics. The larger transport containers are often referred to as pigs. Also molybdenum 99 is used as a generator for technetium 99 as is referred to as a cow. Though that makes more sense because you 'milk' it to get the product.
I love the Canadian tour he's been finding himself on for the past few weeks. :)
I see the Chinese communist party’s technology theft program is thriving in B.C. ….but it is Canada, so that’s no surprise.
So cool to see stuff nearby 😮
Then we recommend MAIDs...
You look like Joe Jenkins 😄
We have a similar setup at the university I work at in Amsterdam doing the same thing with the hospital next door.
I don't think it's a good idea to inform us about the exact location of this. This is an infohazard
How do hospital without a particle accelerator nearby get their isotopes?
The TRIUMF logo looks like the old British Leyland flying plughole logo
The Christie Hospital in Manchester, UK, has its own 230MeV cyclotron which it uses for proton beam therapy - bombarding tumors with high energy hydrogen nuclei.
ah, come on. they did not show you the model of tze big TRIUMF cyclotron? that is a bit cooler than the tube post line ;). by the way right now is the international cyclotron conference, good timing ;)
I have been loving all the stuff in canada recently
All of this is real scifi tech
"The city's under my feet The ruins of the elite Everything is changing inside of me"
I hate to be that guy, but they totally spelled "triumph" wrong.
0:33 - I'm making a note here: huge success
Makes sense that if the radioactive isotopes only have a half life of 20 minutes you wouldn't want to waste 10 to 15 minutes driving it there in a vehicle.
As someone who works at a Reactor that makes stuff like this, can confirm they are called Rabbits. The lead containers are called pigs, hence we call the Reactor "The Farm". It's called Rabbit because it is very quick and nimble, just saying. Pigs because they are heavy and thick, kinda like a pig.
I spent one year interning at TRIUMF, it's amazing to see Tom be in familiar places
I’m a pilot and we regularly fly similar radioisotopes through Europe, albeit with a much longer half life of about 7-8 hours. Still very cool to fly these heavy lead boxes around
Longest barreled medicine gun in the world
Imagine being put in 200 000 BC as an immortal human with your mission to build one of these alone. How would you ever do that? I think if i had to go throught that as an immortal being, i'd invent stone tools and fire. Iron working...? Nope. Too complicated
I can’t answer why it’s called a rabbit line, but I do know that my university called the tube for sending stuff into a reactor the rabbit line as well so it’s not unique to this location
I hope that during your time in Vancouver you made a video about that huge sulphur pile visible on stallite images... because I want to know more about it :D
Well, with the half-life of the radioisotopes being  only 20 minutes, I see how this pneumatic mail system is the best compromise between speed and security of the transport. Thank you Mr. Scott for your incredible highlights of modern medicine...
Wow.  Very cool .. in the 60's 70's we used a similar system to return pit checks from the winding shaft to the control room so they knew which miners were going down the pit and whether they should be paid or not!  Summat else to do with safety as well ... 😜
And what do you for a living? I shoot radioactive material with almost 30m/s at a hospital. ... OK...!?
Woah you were in Vancouver neat. Love living here
What I found weird was the metal disc, with a line on it, inscribed "rabbit line". An innocent observer might think that it was some sort of barrier for rabbits. Very obedient rabbits.
Cyclotron would be a badass transformer.
Oil industry gets pigs. 🐷 Medical industry gets rabbits. 🐰
RadioActive BBIT's? One moment, GPT-3 to the rescue: • Radioactive And Biomedical Beam IsoTherapy • Radiological Assistance for the Biomedical and Biotreatment of Illnesses and Tumours • Radiological Assisted Biomedical Baseline Irradiation Transit
what a clickbaity title.  JK ;)
I know it gets driven back but I have to wonder, how many CO2 emissions has that tunnel potentially shaved off over the years of operation.
That's amazing.
if Tom was in vancouver, when is the Linus Tech Tips crossover video?
Hey! You’re in my town. Neato
That's cool, it's sort of like the hyperloop, except for the fact that it actually works.
only 500 ish MeV? Weak
I am Fatemeh, an Iranian traveler
LMAO "the old school" there are so many simple but SUPER cool things like this that are far more interesting than the things we typicall here about
I enjoyed the video, thank you
50 bucks that that lady in the interview has some friends or relatives that have CCP on speed dial.
Learning how a PET scanner works was in my physics A level spec, there is a whole chapter on medical imaging. How it works is really interesting, one of the best parts of the A level
I thought the poster in the back of the warehouse said trump it says Triumf
What a cleaver idea
I love the practical applications of pneumatic tubes. This magical 1950s way of the future, being used every day without us even noticing. The hospital in my home town had pneumatic tubes that went from the bloodwork room to the labs - they'd draw your blood, pop in it and it was gone.
thats reallt cool :)
So I work at the High Flux Isotope Rector at Oak Ridge and we do isotopes that are sent to our Radiochemists they are sent in capsules also called rabbits - i'll have to check with them to see if any of those rad guys know why they use the term rabbit.
So the tubes from futurama are real then
I'd wager to guess that it's called a "rabbit" because in greyhound racing a decoy rabbit is accelerated along a rail down the track for the dogs to chase.
Maybe its called the rabbit line because the radioactive rab bit it transported through the line
Great to see a Tom Scott video in my home city
Imagine going in for a MRI and in the middle of it all the lab technicians and medics stand up and holler because the GE logo in the MRI machine hit the corner of the screen.
Do they have two rabbit lines, in case they need to switch one off for maintenance?
Come to Toronto next!!!!
Woooooooo new Tom Scott baaaaabyyyy
Why use gamma rays rather than the usual positrons?  Or are the gamma rays just incidental bc of the choice of radioactive element?
I worked at TRIUMF for a year and was told about this rabbit line, it was such a bizarre thing to mention that I didn't know if it was actually real -- now it makes sense. Thanks for the video, Tom!
Has Scott done a video on the paternoster lift in Prague? Seems like something he’d make a video about
Tom in Vancouver! Hope you enjoyed our city!
Ahh this is crazy. I work at UBC and never knew this. Had no idea Tom was in Vancouver.
Tom Scott: Miscellaneous journalism at it's finest
Huh I live about an hour and 30 minutes away from ubc. I actually had both eye surgeries done there. I never even knew about the rabbit line or that ubc has a small particle accelerator.  I wonder what else they have that they aren't telling anyone about
Fascinating!
C11 does not release a Gamma rays it releases Beta Particles which then interact with electrons and releases 2 gamma rays in ~opposite directions. This is important as it is a limiting factor in the possible resolution of PET imaging, the highest possible resolution being the average distance that a Beta Particle travels before annihilation. There is a separate radiation imaging technology that uses the direct emission of Gamma rays called SPECT.
What is more interesting, is that they drive back to pick them up. They could have build it as 2way. As they say: Why build it once, when you can build it twice for 2 times the money.
Do rabbits make underground tunnels to travel?
I love your videos Scott, the material you cover is different and interesting. Well it is to me!
Tiny bit of pedantry regarding the title - those are not 'city' streets, as UBC exists on what are called the University Endowment Lands, which are considered either not a municipality at all, or a quasi-municipality - but not a city.
Tom, have you ever heard of Alice in Wonderland?
The "rabbit" refers to a rabbit tunnel, does it not?
I think they call it the rabbit line because it accelerates really fast like a rabbit.
Probably the old schools could answer your question: these things were "as fast as rabbits!"  Of course they are faster, but there are places where this kind of air-pressurised transportation system is still in use. Big, old, post offices are one example of this.
Now they have the idea, thanks to you
Tom is confident around all of that radioactive equipment because he know that in the event of an accident he can escape on his jetpack
Always ask if you can pish the button
When they were putting in the rabbit line why didn't they just put another one parallel to it so they could shoot it back?
You have no idea how happy this episode made me, a rabid rabbit lover who loves anything related to rabbits xD
Did Tom ever did a video on Cern?
Loving this trip through Canada...this country has so much awesome stuff going on!
How do they keep the pipes from corroding?
Reindeer cyclone
They send the capsule via rabbit line... And they send it back via TORTOISE line. :)
Really? They didn't have a native English speaker on hand at the department?
I realised how dumb i am when the scientist started explaining.... stuff
What was stopping them from locating the patent and test equipment in the same building as where the product was manufactured? Pneumatic tubes are cool and all, but this seemed like a solution looking for a problem.
Why? It’s obvious. It’s a Rabbit in a rabbits hole.
That's really cool, I've never really thought about how they get the rapidly decaying isotopes to clinics/hospitals fast.
Ya. And we thought the Roman aquaducts were cool. :)
My sister is a radioactive pharmacist, making medicine for all sorts of imaging and radiotherapy. Her company just uses vans.
RABBIT: From "Track Rabbit". A mechanical lure on a rail used to pace the greyhounds. The term was also borrowed by pilots to refer to the sequential strobe lights leading to a runway approach.
And for longer lived medical isotopes you go to one of two of three nuclear reactors in the world. One of which is in Petten, the Netherlands.
Oh sure, but when I try to build a breeder reactor at home, suddenly that's too far.
In oil and gas you have to drift drill pipe and casings to make sure there's nothing inside them - for that we use a "rabbit". The rabbit goes through the tunnel (rabbit hole I guess).
Humanity is amazing af, this blows my mind.
2:14 See's a picture of atomic bomb ... pushes the button anyway.
I live in British Columbia and I have a feeling the Rabbit Line is a play on words for a couple of things. Obviously rabbits are associated with speed but UBC also has a notorious problem with feral rabbits on campus. Domestic rabbits have been illegally dropped off over the years and well they breed like rabbits.
I think it's a reference to Alice in Wonderland
Love this kind of topic with novel solutions to problems, interesting engineering and such. So i hate to be the one to suggest it might have been easier to build the treatment centre next door to the isotope production line...?
When I was an undergrad we went on a tour of TRIUMF. We also did a physics lab measuring the half life of isotopes freshly prepared at TRIUMF.
Stupid question then maybe... But couldn't this place just have been build closer to the hospital? Like I'm sure there's a reason for it but if all they do could be done across the street from the hospital, the transportation would take the same time or maybe even less right?
why put a statement saying "no radioactive material was sent"?  who cares?
Hey, you made a video not about water!
This is what Canada does with tax money rather than spending on war and lobbying like the states
Hey, that’s my university! I live on campus aswell so this was extra fascinating. Hope you enjoyed your time in Vancouver!
I knew what this would be just by the title! 😁   I don’t know for sure why it’s called Rabbit, but I’d imagine it’s because it’s fast and underground. Sometimes the obvious answer is the right one.
The research reactor I work at also has a pneumatic system for inserting samples into the reactor, and we call the samples rabbits, so I think it might be an industry term for whatever reason.
I went to visit TRIUMF as a kid. Tom is correct that students don't know about the tube hahaha. I certainly didn't when I attended UBC years later. Thank you Tom for sharing this!
I only have a question. How does the rabbit curve? I mean it's a solid capsule, it can't bend to accompany a curve...        (I'm sorry if this is a stupid question)
You could also come to hamburg and make a video about DESY
no subs?
Imagine if a sinkhole or something happens and the radioactive stuff just falls down the pit.
TRIUMF is the coolest!
Are you in Vancouver? Does that mean J.J. McCullough collab? I hope so. Probably not.
Cool to see that you were in my area. Anyway, I would guess the 'rabbit line' was probably named because they are traveling at high speeds in a tunnel... but would have to find whoever designed/built it to confirm if that is true.
"Pneumatic chuuuuuubes"
Wow it's so cool to see Tom in your own backyard. I currently live here on campus.
Every time someone mentions Vancouver I get shortly excited because I was born there but I then get disappointed because every time its Vancouver Canada and not Washington, I don't know how I don't just expect that now
The "Triumf" logo bears more than a passing resemblance to the British Leyland (Triumph car's owner) plughole logo, including the colour scheme
I can’t believe they didn’t build a return line when they made this system.
Hey Tom, just wanted to say I appreciate not putting baked subtitles under English speakers with an accent. Very respectable.
Thanks! I live in Vancouver and never knew all this existed. Great news! ♥
Rabbit - quick and moves through burrows in the ground. Wouldn't surprise me if it was also an abbreviation at one point - *RA*dioactive *BI*ological *T*ransport or something like that
*When you take a dump on a plane, the same thing happens, it gets shot to the back of the aircraft ready for collection by an unlucky ground staff who's job all day is to let it pour out into some system*
Reed college's rabbit is 2 way. Allegedly it is called the rabbit because 1: speed, 2: something to do w/ alice in wonderland or smthng?
This video is cool but also another big thing happened: TOM SCOTT IS IN VANCOUVER?!
Did tom know there was a squirrel in his shirt?
the rabbit line should work both ways.
Probably called a rabbit line cause it's fast, like a rabbit
Why no subtitles for the lady scientist?
You were at my school and I didn't know 😭
LTT collaboration in BC????
At up to a hundred kilometers an hour? Oh, wow..
The vessel that transports the glass with the solution are called a rabbit. They are usually called that in pneumatic transport. In some nuclear reactors they have pneumatic rabbit. Didn’t you do a video on the reactor in Missouri? Maybe it was someone else.
So how long does it take for the rabbit to get from the lab to the hospital? 🤔
Why aren't they using drones? Isn't that a cheaper way?
Great video. Would be really interesting to know if they laid the tubes at the same time as digging up the road for something else or whether it was an expensive separate job. I'm also curious as to whether the particle lab does anything else and, if not, why it's so far away? If it was built later how come that's not the same for hospitals elsewhere doing the same thing?
So that's the rabbit hole then. So is next week the actual can of worms?
seeing the shape of the capsules "Think not dirty thoughts"
Rabbit = fast -> Rabbit line
Tom Scott is in my hometown! I went to the school across town  (SFU), but that's ok.
Noooo! why was this video only 5 minutes? I could watch such great stuff orated by Tom for hours
I used to work at a bank, and this reminds me of the drive-thru tubes used to send money and whatnot back and forth. One weekend while at work I was really hungry. The lobby was closed on weekends, and we were encouraged to stay inside for the entire shift so we didn't have to unlock exterior doors. But I was hungry. So I called Jimmy John's and asked them if they thought a sandwich would fit through one of our tubes. They obviously had never been asked that question before, but were willing to try. It worked perfectly, and the driver got a nice tip!
This is so interesting that I had to play attention instead of half watching.
I know something is cool when i actually need to pay attention
I assume it's called a "rabbit line" after the mechanical rabbit used in dog racing for the dogs to chase around.
Uh, Rabbit, because it´s rapid, maybe?
As an engineering student at UBC I was able to tour TRIUMF with a student group. Unfortunately it seems the public tours have been halted since 2020 but it was superb when I went. We were able to go into a Faraday caged room with the high voltage systems for the beam and were able to see the various experiment targets the main beam gets directed to (obviously everything was shut off but even then you can't see the cyclotron itself as it is covered by metres of concrete blocks). Great experience and I encouage anyone interested to go if they start up the tours again.
Another interesting fact regarding stuff under city streets at UBC: I believe most if not all the buildings on campus utilize a central heating source that produces superheated steam and transports it underground (there is a main feed and return line under Main Mall) to avoid electrical heating methods. It is a closed loop system and all the steam is recycled.
I miss Canada I miss getting poutine at any food place imaginable and the specialized dine ins that you can get any mixing bowls worth
they are making the hulk, gamma rays = hulk its the hulk new hulk movies coming this year near you in local hospitals for just 19,99
Whoa I had no clue General electric has MRI machines
Chinese are invading Vancouver! 😱
Man....I just love these shots, and especially the initial scene where you are walking towards the camera,
My biggest takeaway from this video is that scientists do their magic.
Or you could have built both buildings closer together and saved a lot of resources; but what do I know.
Welcome to Vancouver, Scott! Nice to see you covering my alma mater.
Congrats for winning a Streamy!!
The title reads like its right out of a rap verse
Why didn't they just build those two institutions in one building or at least close to each other instead of digging this rabbit thing?
TOM WAS IN VANCOUVER AHHHH. Welcome to the west coast!
4:00 AH! Don't re-cap needles!
I always love it when I see you in Canada :)
Very cool!
So much Canada lately!  Sad that my recommendation for Hamilton, Ontario will likely be passed as you were just in the country. 😐
It's called the rabbit line because it's way faster than any other way
Nearly everything in yodays world is dangerous if it gets out of controll
Canada won't need this. Much longer thanks to the wide spread adoption of euthanasia health care will be simplified.
Tuuuubes
1:13 I knew magic was real!
Nice coincidence. Currently watching MIT OCW 22.01. If you wanna know how you can tell there is no risk for the public, check it out. Radioactivity is a fascinating topic.
So what? It’s proven 100% safe and beneficial.
I'd guess it's called a rabbit line because, like a rabbit, it burrows underground... and it's fast.
Sir, typographer me smiled today: You used a proper fraction in your subtitles.
Loving all these Canadian themed videos. Hope you're enjoying your tour of the place.
Nooo you were at ubc and I missed you 😟
WTF HE WAS AT UBC?
Could you please not remind me that I still need to do a presentation on the IT side of this? Still, grat video!
Cool
Most hospitals I've been to have their own cyclotrones and accelerators. It's always fun to stumble on a heavy metal door plastered with 'radioactive' and 'access forbidden' sign somewhere in the bowels of a medical facility :)
They sent radioactive stuff in a public place, they sent radioactive stuff in a pu-
Rabbit line is because rabbits are supposed to be quick, and it is underground. You do not need to be a rocket scientist to work it out.
Some people are too smart
They use systems like this at pharmacies and banks to send stuff from inside to a drive-up location. The Wal-Mart pharmacy near me has a pickup station at the far end of the parking lot from the store itself to make it more convenient for people picking up their medication to avoid parking lot traffic. The capsules are much bigger though and I don't know how fast they travel.
Big sign saying "Wear dosimeter", cut to ... research scientist wearing hexagon thing that I assume is said dosimeter . . . countdown starts... annnnnd, Tom in lab coat and lapel mic but to obvious hexagon.  Okay, okay, I'm sure they didn't let civilians cross the line of moderate peril and safety regulation.
This is very interesting. I once checked out the SLS Synchrotron that 2.4GeV (around 5 times bigger) than this one. It is used for an electron beam that produces Synchrotron radiation. Almost forgot to mention the SLS is at the Paul Schärer Institue in Switzerland where they invented radiation therapy for cancer and are currently developing a new kind of X-Ray machine for the diagnosis of breast cancer.
hey i live there
My teacher used to work at Triumf, he has great stories about the massive lifting crane there and how repairs get done.
its called a sewer
Q1: My guess would be that It probably started off being called the rapid line..
Thanks for the info Tom.
Are you going to do the UBC gardens next? Their tree walk uses some cool tech.
No way you were in BC, that's awesome. Think I would act up if I saw Tom Scott filming across the street from me
Not sure if it's just me, but I don't like the idea of driving on a road with radioactive stuff underneath, even if it is technically safe.
Tom, you missed another really interesting question.  Dr. Yang referred to the "H minus" beam.  That's a negatively charged hydrogen ion.
Rabbit may be a mistranslation of Rabbet, referring to a groove or recess.
Tons of rabbits used to be on the UBC campus. There’s less these days. Also rabbits are super fast. Only a guess.
Question - Why do they call it the Rabbit Line? Answer - Because rabbits go fast.
cl
Looking cool in the thumbnail, Tom👍
Would it be fair to theorise that it might be related to the white rabbit in alice and wonderland and it's hole?
Something... I have not known! 😉👍
We used to use pneumatic tubes in offices for communication. I think they are still used from supermarket checkpoints to send money securely and get it out of the till.
is it just me or does this city look like an old-school video game map with it's square shoreline
It's called the rabbit line because a rabbit is almost the same as a hare 🤣
We Are In A New World Order, Keep You Health And Brain Intact!
Launching radioactive material at a hospital
Tri-UMF.
Can you talk about young the old mybe some ancient forests and how each one takes up co2 differently.
hm
Correct This is the reason you should always write divisions as fractions.
I have had a digestion test with I believe radioactive sulfur in an egg once. That was fun when your food comes with a radioactive sticker on it. That being said the ability to track stuff via radioactive tracers is incredible.
What would happen if it got clogged? :o
What happens if the rabbits make a wrong turn in Albuquerque?
Rabbit line because it's fast?
Tom, always love the videos, but this one has to be towards the tops. Fascinating that they have this relationship to essentially get isotopes on-demand where they are needed.
When I saw the title I was like "Guess T made it out west to Vancouver :)"
You videos are so informative and interesting I would love a long form video
oh cool. I dropped this suggestion for the need for speed video way back when, glad to see it came to fruition.
Thought I saw you there at some point!
Hey! Something close to home! I live in BC! Love watching your stuff, but it's good to see something that's not overseas, or in the states.
I've heard the term 'rabbit' used at other radioactive research facilities, usually to move a sample into a reactor and out again quickly.
Rabbit because…….fast bunny
Hope you had a nice time here in Vancouver! I have a friend that works in Triumph. When the accelerator is running, he can stand paperclips end to end on top of each other, creating a tiny, free standing ladder!
Rabbit, phallic-looking, I'm sure there's a joke in there somewhere.
Surely it's called the rabbit line brcause it's small and fast, right? Like a rabbit? And maybe because it goes through a tunnel and rabbits have tunnels in their burrows?
Wow, what an awesome solution. I had never even considered what it would require to procure radioactive material with a half-life short enough for safe imaging but this makes total sense, logistically. Go Canada.
Compressed air-propelled systems like this one, even if it is on a small scale, are very interesting.  This technology used to be more widely used, if I'm not mistaken certain big cities used to have an air-propelled postal distribution network, a century ago.
It's really incredible to see this collaboration between different departments of the university
Amazing concept
Similar to pressure systems used by banks, just a lot longer and carries radioactive material. Really cool and also very practical considering the short half-life of the material and safer.
I believe they are called rabbits because this term is also used for capsules of materials being irradiated in nuclear reactors for research and or medical/industrial isotope production. I do not know why they are called rabbits in general.
Wait what
This is so interesting! 😁
Maybe one day it was named the rapid line and then they named the capsules rabbit as it sound similar and it stuck.
Called a PET scan, the radioactive stuff is part of a glucose molecule, which emits antimater (positron) which turns into two gammaray photons. It can also be used to find metastatic cancer.
Ehh! What's up doc?
Almost clickbait
100 kph=62 mph.  That's quick but doesn't sound incredibly fast.
Some shops in Australia use similar for transporting capsules of money in shops to get them to the shops money vault Every few hours the staff gotta put a set $ into a capsule seal it and put into a shoot thing. It then sends it off somewhere im actually not sure how it really works 🤔  video idea @TomScottGo   I do know tho that you shouldnt insert anything else into the tube otherwise it might just go bye bye 😂
As someone who’s hard of hearing and a non-native speaker. Thank you for subtitles!
wish i was as cool as u tom
Awesome video! I hope you enjoyed your time here in BC!
Surely the "Rabbit Line" moniker comes from being something relatively small and quick moving through a tunnel underground?
Could it be that the line was 'burrowed' ? Rather than beig a cut and cover like drains are.
That's such a cool way to transport something between places
I just *love* the topics - especially for the last few weeks, for no reason I can give, I'm just really fascinated. Maybe because they are so varried! Keep it up Tom!
neat
Sending it through the line to get it there, and then drive it back. Almost the equivalent of walking up a hill to go sledding down it.
Wait, so why is it important that the rabbit gets there so fast? Is it related to half life?
Woohoo another Vancouver video!
Tom Scott gathering information for his villain arc:
Such a triumf of engineering!
I work in the same department as a lot of PET imaging and we have a group that makes lots of radio-pharmaceuticals which then need to go to an imaging facility. Luckily for us that imaging facility is right across the street so I'll often see grad students wheeling a dolly with a lead-shielded ammo box to move them rather than a high speed pneumatic tube!
I would have thought it to be named after the rabbit thing that greyhounds chased at race tracks.
3:42 I thought that was Edna Mode for a second.
Gonk :D
So it's contrast material without contrast material?
So it's a city wide pneumatic mail tube.
Lots of sciencey tech explanations about protons and isotopes, and then in the middle 'our chemists do their magic'.   Guess which bit I can get my brain around. Yep, magic it is.
Does the logo bouncing on the MRI machine screen ever hit the corner 🤔
Yang : Fluently explains the complex elements behind getting the isotope and sending them to the hospital  Also Yang : What happens when it gets there? Beats me, fricking magic those chemists.
Reminds me of the lines Costco used to use to send checks and such back from their cashier stands. Wonder if there’s ever been any issues with this and how they attempt to resolve them.
That overlay was *really* slick - well done!
I can count on the fingers of one hand the number of times I’ve been to Chernobyl.  Nine times.
Great title for this one
I’m always amazed by how brilliant his videos are
So now I am waiting for video title named 'Is warp speed from Star Trek possible?'
The rabid line!
Learnt about this in school as well! Very fascinating!
congrats on your streamy award
I love flinging radioactive stuff around.
why?
Awesome video.
tom scott uploaded lets goooooo
0:18 you're the stud Tom ;)
Searching for elements in the 60s' be like:
I like how you make your video
Hey
one wrong button and its a total ‘onosecond’ moment
Really
Your Vids are really explain well. I love 😘 them
This is very normal
Another briliant vid from tom
Just in time for my tea, big fan off your work mate
I sure hope someone doesnt turn into the hulk
hello thomas
Awesome video!
cool flaming skull
one of my favorite video titles to date
Nice video
Nice
Deez
Going to use this to plug my other stuff: there's a new Technical Difficulties season over at https://youtube.com/techdif and Lateral continues at https://lateralcast.com and https://youtube.com/lateralcast !
