watching these Idiots wearing masks looking like chickens.
Am I the only one getting all of the 2020 gps highlights in mid 2025 ??
0:52
0:53
how leclerc got p6?nobody expected
Just an obsesiòn Putin my dear. She's inside me at the atomic level, not literally, but literally.
that renault was something else
Ohh 0:55 1:05 wow 😟😮
Carlos Sainz is Romain Grosjean 2.5.😅
Looking back and remembering this run from Lewis however really realizing how much Mike Masi hates Lewis and taking away a win off the track in any way, what a real jack dog
These cars look so much faster than the pigs we have now, how blessed we were😩😭
Bring these cars back please. They look so much better and faster😂
Is it me or were teams more competitive before the 2022 regulation changes? From this race, you can see that there is a lot of shuffling in the top ten, and outside of the points as well. But from the most recent 2024 Japanese GP, there was barely any real overtaking and it was mostly about who can have the longest stints on a single set of tires and who has the fastest pitstop. Hopefully the next regulation changes are going to focus on the footprint of the car, because F1 cars are getting way too big. Andretti should have been given the green light to join F1 but I guess Andretti isn't "competitive" enough to join, when you have teams like Haas, Kick Sauber, Alpine and Williams racing literal tractors on F1 tracks.
So glad F1 dumped this pathetic excuse for a circuit!
When Formula was actually fun....
2016 Sochi terrible opening lap again
0:24 OH NOOO SAINZ
Ggyyttt
This was the first race I ever watched fully come back time to time to see how things have changed
I know maybe some people would think this season was v HAM VER BOT but the midfield battles week to week were great
I never watched any completely dry races at Sochi but the racing honestly looked fun, DRS was assisting passes into braking zones instead of having them entirely on the straight, and drivers sometimes even raced through several corners. The layout of the circuit is also more interesting than people make it out. For sure not the best F1 track ever, but I don’t understand the amount of hate this track got, and imagine the potential with the 2022 cars here or even at Igora if that actually happened.
Albon was very brave. Well done.
Does Croft even know what a ' switcharoo ' is ?
HAHAHAHA
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
HAHAHAHAHA NOW BAHAY BOBO MO
wala ako facebook na hack
TANGA Hindi pwede gamitin yan private nga yung saken router mo muna ❤️🙏
~Bigup#77 Russia games  E A°°°~
O$HAN£ $UpER CAr Show~`````•√°π~∆~
~°°°`````Great games lottt$$$$ of Funnn~~````°°°~√¥¥¥÷∆¶ Fully dunc€€¥°¶`````~√•°
Final Results  1. Bottas 77 2. Verstappen 33 3. Hamilton 44 4. Perez 11 5. Ricciardo 3 6. Leclerc 16 7. Ocon 31 8. Kvyat 26 9. Gasly 10 10. Albon 23 11. Giovinazzi 99 12. Magnussen 20 13. Vettel 5 14. Raikkonen 7 15. Norris 4 16. Latifi 6 17. Grosjean 8 18. Russell 63  (Out)   Sainz Jr 55 Stroll 18
Gelişmiş Ülkelerde Olmak İsterdim 😕
Shitmilton
Hamilton
0:38
0:17
"Mistake by Lance Stroll" This wasn't a mistake, this is his style of driving
Valterri bottas winles in baku and take the JapaneseGp
my first f1 race that watched…
4:33 why did rogro feel the need to turn back out and hit the foam barriers before coming back on the circuit?
🥱
The fact people still say the FIA favour Lewis after this and so many races is hilarious
the fia was always kreative in trying to slow Hamilton....
1:14 1:24 3:39 6:11
Prob the most dumb move ever 5:25
Vocês notaram como essa postura de Verstappen no início da corrida é malandragem pura?  Ele perdeu a posição  Ricciardo após a largada , o correto  seria ele recolher na primeira curva, seguir atrás e tentar recuperar-se no resto da volta.  Porém ele simula uma falsa saída da pista para ganhar velocidade fora do limite da pista e volta com muito mais ação de quem está a sua frente , no caso aí tanto de Ricciardo como das Mercedes.  Isso é anti-desportivo.  A não ser na situação que alguem COMPROVADAMENTE  tivesse forçado a sua saída da pista (o que não foi o caso), ele teria que aceitar que perdeu a posição e ficar atrás de Ricciardo ou então já que preferiu sair da pista, ficar  impedido acelerar para ganhar vantagem de quem fez o percurso correto e ficou na sua frente.
“switcherooo”. “thank you very much”. very boring
I just like the russian gp...
The way Crofty sounds so shocked and excited when Bottas tries to overtake Hamilton on the first lap is so comedic
YESSSSS BRILIANT BOTTAS WELL DONE
Cuando se murió mi abuelita festejaron más mis familiares hasta tamales hicieron
Bravo
Worst commentators I've ever seen
is it just me from tsar bucks?
"round the outside round the outside"  Eminem - Without Me
3:35 errrr what?? haha
There was just no way that Perez was not getting that seat. Too bad he underperformed so much.
Can't wait to see another Russel vs Albon vs Norris at 2022.
Sainz tried to do what Alonso did but failed hard lol
why the squealing!! Cannot understand a word. Excitement yes, but hysteria is really not helpful for some of us who not FI addicts but are interested.
Mercedes won this GP for this year too Sochi is really their track💜💜🐐🐐
valtter bottas vence no gp da rússia em 2017 e 2020🏆
F1 is heading towards boring, and predictable
I missed those pink cars
Hmm looking back on this race: annoyed when Crofty instantly assumed Stroll spun it on the kerb.   Charles’ with another sloppy move.
redbull and mclaren 17th n 18th  what year am i
VTB: *ValTerri Bottas!*
nice to see Max cutting the corner ! If you cannot win fairly then cheat ! ;;;
Finally Max has a podium in Russian Grand Prix... what will happen on this Sunday? Seems raining
Here's my bet for this years gp... Bottas leads  Many laps later...bottas wins ham 3rd max2nd
One of the best tracks in the championship. Quite underrated by some foolish brainwashed haters.
How much do Mercedes pay the stewards for their drivers causing accidents and blaming other drivers
I still can’t believe Sainz did that
Does Max have any change here if he has to start at the end of the pack?
Whos here after max and lewis crashed today in monza? 😂
Who’s watching this after monza 21😂
There will be some change in F1 2021 calendar and Russia Russia will took place on 19th September 2021 and will be Sprint Qualifying format. There are small change is FP2 will took place on Friday instead and FP1 will took place on Thursday
BREAKING NEWS Sprint Qualifying will be used for the rest of the season except for Saudi Arabia
Geoyorge? Yes?  S🅱️inalla.
Pronto? S🅱️innalio?
Welcome to Alfa Romeo Valtteri!
I hope this is not VB last win :(
when last place wasnt so predictible cause haas was kinda midfield
seeing albon norris and george battling was amazing xD
Idk why but Sainz's crash is really funny 😂
The same thing to McLaren would repeat in Hungary 2021. One driver out on turn 1 on the opening lap, then eventually falling out of the points with the other driver.
BOTTASSSSS XD
Who Is Here After The Formula 1® VTB Russian Grand Prix Was Officially Moved To St. Petersburg From 2023 And Beyond?! 🔐🔏🔑🔒🔓🌍🌎🌏🇷🇺🙌😁😂😉😃😙  23/07/2021 17:32.
Interesante corrida
Who's Here After Igora Drive Confirmed For 2023?
Is't real? If it real can i race?
Bottas 200iq
who tf put that wall over there
1:01 what a croonnchhhh that was
0:58 what a _crrrunch_
Did anyone notice Crofty's confusing commentating on Lewis Hamilton overtaking at 3:37 ?
Born For This From FORMULA 1
How is this 7 mins
Не понимаю, как можно смотреть гонки, занудство. А вот сам вид, трасса, Сочи, очень красиво.
And its lights out and away we go, Hamiltons wins the russian...  wait what?
When you hear British anthem  Easy victory   When you hear Finnish anthem  Nice victory   When you hear Dutch anthem  Sweet Sweet Victory
I hope that Lance and Carlos is okay after that crash in Russia  but we don't know who hit stroll into the barriers 🇨🇦🇪🇸 because Carlos is Spanish and Lance is candain ♥️
Crrrrrunch
Everybody Gangsta Until Russel, Norris & Albon Is Racing Each Other In Real Life
Lewis Hamilton got a 5 time penalty
Lewis Hamilton 5 time penalty
BOTTAS took over Lewis Hamilton
2:10 when best friends have a battle
i rellyli like your vidos
O Mercedes AMG Petronas Ganhou
E Tambem Tem Os Fórmula 1 Antigos De 1948 Faz Tempo só Que em 2021 Mudou As Tinta Dos Carro Tá Diferente em 2022 Vai Fazer outro Modelo Do Carro
McLaren bateu Pneu!
É a pista Rússia Cup
Começou A Corrida Já
3:20  a certified hood classic
2021(G) “Respect and dignity.”  Furthermore:
2021(G) “Respect and dignity.”  Furthermore:
Is this sped up? Why ? Is f1 not fast enough
Race results on russian gp 2020 1st Vatteri bottas 77 Mercedes  2nd max verstappen 33 red bull  3rd Lewis Hamilton 44 Mercedes  4th Sergio perez 11 Racing point  5th Daniel ricciardo 3 Renault  6th Charles leclerc 16 Ferrari  7th esteban ocon 31 Renault  8th danil kvyat 26 alphatauri  9th Pierre Gasly 10 alphatauri  10th Alexander Albon 23 red bull  11th Antonio giovinazzi 99 alfa romeo  12th Kevin magnussen 20 haas  13th Sebastian vettel 5 Ferrari  14th kimi raikkonen 7 alfa romeo  15th Lando norris 4 Mclaren  16th Nicholas Latifi 6 Williams  17th Romain grosjean 8 haas  18th George russell 63 Williams  Dnf Lance stroll 18 Racing point  Dnf Carlos sainz 55 Mclaren
my fav f1 driver is lewis hamilton
why is vetel so slow in these new races?
Man, lance stroll was really unlucky throughout the season !
GLOBAL
If You Dont Get Goosebumps Listening To David Croft And Martin Brundle Commentate While Watching F1 Race Your Not A True F1 Fan
Gg
:DDDD
Iuuu beef
Oop
Kasihan Lewisnya,Kesal
Jgn Berkerumunan
0:23
Βάλτερι μπότας favourite driver
Right name of this city - "Adler",  not "Sochi". Believe me.
Hamilton Bottas Verstappen
I bet the McLaren team will gift Sainz his right side engine-cover from this race as his farewell gift
3:33 What
START CHAOS and boring come back
Thank you for following the Thai racers. I from thailand🇹🇭
2:11 "Just me and the boys."
One of the best races of the season for me
Ferarri slow race
Как будто игру смотрю
Valtteri, after that lowlife language you spew on that radio, you did notice Lewis got a penalty or two did you not? You do understand without it you wouldnt have won did you not? And we are to f yourselves? :D
Sainz; "Max did it! I also can...ahsjahbfjbiesdjfb"
It's light out and my tires aren't on!
Bo Bo Boring
Cool
Lol this is lit
OH NICE GREAT  N_N
I’m happy bottas won never give up
Good's Job!!!
It is very obvious that they are doing something to slow down Hamilton.
I wish I understood any of these comments I’m reading.
จะฟังเสียงรถไอ้ฟาย
Slip stream at 4:12 I just learned about this. @MarioKart
IN THIS RACE:  - An operator loses his smoothness. - A man swears at his critics.  - And a Frenchman attacks some road signs.
Gostaria que transmiticem em directo para poder acompanhar na Internet.
62 Million Likes? On the video I mean
0:38 LOL THE  FLAG WAVER
I'm so sick of one person winning almost every race year after year....
Really
regular car reviews
Suka blyat Kvyat top
7
I love the commentor at the start!
What happened to Ferrari?..  Vettel:  Leclerc:
How does the fight for the 9th and 10th place make it into the highlights for such a big part, but not the end of that fight? Norris ends 15th lol
Stop shouting!
stroll is the biggest clown of F1, his dad needs to stop funding his crashes
Man I really miss the high pitched sounds of the old v8 F1 cars just not the same anymore.
Lewis Hamilton , Happy to see In Podium. 2020 Russian F1.
F1 mathematics 205-161=Hamilton 161-128=Verstappen 205-128=Bottas
Ez már nem F1 hanem egy rakás fos!!!
They racist the f1 everybody knows it.
McLaren's team doesn't deserve to lose.
Congratulations to #4 : Perez , #5 : Ricciardo & #6 :  LeClerc ... Meanwhile  Alfa Romeo #11 : Giovanazzi & Kimi Raikkonën offering Great Entertainment too! ♥️🌷🕯
aws hamilton tyre preformance 10% hamilton next 5 laps fastest lap
Stop shouting!
I don't like the escape road in the trck
Ferrari is slightly getting on the track as they are able to complete the race.. ;)
In formula 1 P is 🅱️
Que pena Lewis Hamilton não ganhou porque teve duas bandeiras vermelhas
Wait what there's live audience?
Mercedes Dominance Strikes Again
I don't  know if I saw game
who is the indian commentator in this race? the guy with the slightly indian accent? can someone tell me his name
If Perez had a better car, he would be a podium driver on every race
Valterri No!! You need to stay slow.
my focus st sounds more powerful than f1 cars bring back the v10 v12 mans engine
F.I.A masterplan fails yet succeeds
i like the new commentator.
Boooooring
Formula mercedes.
loud voice.. nexttttttt
Random fact:  Since Albon joined Red Bull he scored 140 pts. Verstappen since then scored 226 pts.
nice
is it not too sharp?
thats not an easy bow there
i like this happy voice
al jou touch
they al sey where a mask bud jour hands are danger too wash them offen
oeps
Yeah, I understand you Carlos Sainz. I also hate when it happens on F1 2020 using joystick.
I didn’t get to watch the actual race. Can someone explain what Hamilton’s penalties were for?   *side note I’m glad he got them and didn’t win. I’m a big bottas fan
This guy can yell as loud as he can to try and make it exciting to watch.....but I just can not get into F1 any more! The cars and engines just don’t make it exciting, plus the new rules will make it even more boring 🤷🏻‍♂️
lol .. highlights in the current F1???   lol   this is fake news ??   lol
Fake race
FORMULA 1
Next time Netflix knocks on Mercedes door, Hamilton will say a massive NO to them.
Excelent video
Keep your own style of driving.
Entretenida carrera, pero es tiempo que otros corredores brillen también, demasiado Mercedes. Vamos Ferrari!!
What version of Bottas we on? Bottas 3.1?
David croft please stop
Can someone explain why leclerc didn’t get ANY penalty for making racing point crush out of the race?
was it just me who thought that this was by far the most boring race of the season??
No Hamilton why pen
Aerial view would be cool too
ハミルトン態度悪い！
Holy christ F1 is terrible.
È
Hamilton  This is the fia We will stop you from breaking Schumacher records box box
Are Russian not believe in covid19?
See, Hamilton is not that great. 10 seconds penalty and 22 seconds behind Valtteri. So when he's not out ahead, it does get diffcult for him. He's still a great driver, one of the all-time best, no doubt, but definitely not the best ever.
Something has to change. I'm tired of first lap safety cars far more often than not.
si
Perez puts all his anger on the course for beeing thrown out :( I feel sorry, even as a Vettel fan.
Lewis Hamilton has now got 10 points on his racing licence 2 to go until he gets a race ban  which is the German Grand Prix I think whilst Hamilton gets a race ban I think grosjean will be released from the haas team to do a one off drive with Mercedes to join bottas until Hamilton comes back
Verstappen is my fav
The world of demolition F1 cars...smashem, bashem loads of fun!
Is very nice to see the odience all around the track, with no distances and
Why is there a new speaker
wow lewis halminton and my heroes ricciardo and peres fight
the announcers excitement doesn't translate that well is actually pretty distracting i found dono if thats notable
Che bello il pubblico senza maschera....,,,mai inquadrato il pubblico ,
i dont like the indian accent announcer. just dont like the sound of it !
Boring race, boring season, boring sport now a days. You guys want exiting races? Where the guy starting 10th could eventually win without "special" circumstances? Watch Indy car boys.
Mercedes should just own this track for free
Mugello: multiple restarts                      sochi: multiple penalties
Again a totally dull race. F1 is dead. Going to find another sport, koekhappen ofzo.
Por que o Lele não foi punido?
Verstappen passes ricciardo during yellow flags??🤔🤔
*3:00**...fly move that!*
Nos quieren frenar y quitar el campeonato... Vamos Lewis, con eso y todo eres el mejor, vamos por el titulo.
Brillian race for Kvyat! Nice job!
I dunno if LH44 has back to back penalties...
What a CLLLUNTCH ! ... That was.
Who is the second commentator and why they haven't told him to speak in English?
So, in Formation Lap I see Hamilton go 1 metre after the grid position and I Say that is 5 second penalty
Binotto: "The driver in front of you is next years teammate for Vettel."  Leclerc: "This one?" *hits Stroll*  Binotto: "Yeah that one."  Leclerc: " Ok..well hes gone now hihi."
Sainz:     Boy that Russian polystyrene is hard.
Thanks for Netflix. Wait them in Hamilton’s box in next races.
Pérez and botas team mates will be amazing for the sport
0:01 The biggest foreshadowing on who would win the race
보기만 해도 심장rpm 올라감...🙊
They even have a rear-view camera to keep them even safer and more comfortable.
who else just watched one race of f1 and now you can't stop watching it
Thanks for upload.
There's nothing more depressing than watching Hamilton win over and over again, well yeah, seeing Bottas win is even worse! 😪
I was surprised Leclerc didn’t even get investigated. I don’t  wish a penalty on the red cars, but it was Surprising that it wasn’t looked at.
Panalty para leclerc no caso stroll. Fia=ferrari 👎. Se fosse o Hamilton, era 1 race panalty.
F1 need to be like Motogp (close racing )..sad I watch highlights not race anymore.more I watch motogp more I’m straying away from f1.
Gasly >>> Albon
Haha what a race
F**k FIA and the stewards. intentional nonsense oversevere penalty!
Is Vettel car that slow?
Mercedes still cheatin..
zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Great Drive from Lando Norris of McLaren to be #4 in Russia F1 GP 2020! ♥️🌷🕯
Im not a black but i stand with hamilton. Whites not superrace...
I hope this year is hamiltons last year. Im so sick of him!!
at aroun 5:15 the announcer said "...chomping at the bit". He meant to say "champing at the bit"
Me gustaría ver a max en Mercedes y que le vuelva la vida de cuadritos a Hamilton y no logré el 8vo título
It was an interesting one but the podium places made it a Boring one
Gasly just making Albon look worse and worse
canal chou de bola
2:00 Albon: GEORGEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!  That were 3 gamer friends playing with some expensive cars. Respect.
Think about a boring race
Why not to make this front spoiler to be turning as the direction of the car?
It is sad to see what the current state of F1 has become when the leader of the drivers' championship has more points than the second team in the constructors standings
Soooo boring.  F1 is Lost and absoulutly out
Hamilton drive  FIA: Penalty
Albon needs dropping complete embarrassment to redbull. Perez deserves that seat.
Gotta give it to Pierre for passing a Redbull and a Mclarren like that.
What happened to Norris in the last five laps? He lost 5 places out of nowhere
Magnussen took 9 places on the first lap! Give that guy a competitve car please...
Stewards doing their best to ensure Lewis doesn't win the championship too early this season.
Where was Martin Brundle?
5:23 why it is flashing red lights when it is on full throttle ?
Lewis acted like a spoiled brat during the awards ceremony  Would not celebrate! He needs to learn to be as even tempered when things don’t go his way as he is when he wins. The word entitled comes to mind.
Obviously Albon does not have same car parts as Max
Gasly ahead of Alban once again
Solid driving, Bottas!
That’s 2 races now Mercedes have done a Ferrari and F’d up Lewis’s chances of a race win. The Scuderia clown school tactics are rubbing off on them LOL.
suprise suprise suprise... guess who won
How come Max recovered his position under yellow flag and got away with it? 0:48
Max 'Brabus' Verstappen... ;)
Give Hamilton a t-shirt stating ' F1 Rules Matter'.
Redbull said that Albon will get more confident with that podium, what would happened if he did not get that podium, would it be p16 the best of losers
Was anyone actually surprised that ValTteri Bottas won the VTB Russian Grand Prix?   I mean they named the race after him....
That guy that scream in the microphone must be the most boring and annoying i ever heard please  . For the excitement of the race get rid of him .
Albon 10th.. Oh my..
Gasly looked like he was teaching Albon how to overtake Lando
Norris russel and Albon racing each other. POG
Well no one can beat Hamilton on track so FIA will have to manufacture every minuscule penalty to restrict him.   STILL WE RISE .. LEWIS: you will still break all records but they will penalize you and even pile enough points to take away your super license!!
Oh how racist of them to give the entitled hero of all the snow flake brigade the great Louis Hamilton more penalty points. How dare them deny him winning this race, come on Mercedes speak up for him.
Carlos..Herr Toto hier........Sie musten so fort etwas fur mich machen............................................................................................................SBINNOLA..amigo!
I don't understand why Charles didn't get a penalty. You're allowed to hit another driver's car from behind, end his race, and get away with it?
Max is responsible for Sains Penalty. Carlos is copying Max.
Can someone enlighten me to as why Hamilton got penaltys in round 1 for hitting Albon off track but leclerc didn't get any for punting stroll off?
Wow all they could do for him is. Clap
Loved the battle between Norris, Albion and Gasly. Also Russell did very well to keep Norris and Albion behind him and defended well. I know they passed him eventually but they’re in much more competitive cars I’d love to see Russell in a faster car he deserves it
Boring very very boring.
It’s sad the downfall of vettel
Am I the only one thinking that Leclerc should have recieved a penalty for the collision with Stroll?
Pérez waooo
Les Anglais pleurent la défaite de leur poupée, je suis mort de rire, la prochaine fois il va égaler shumi!
ＨＯＮＤＡ　真剣身が足りない　もう　一戦目二戦目というわけでは無いから　理屈や理由は大事かもしれない だけど 結果が全てだ それとも  本気を出したら他のメーカーがいなくなるから 本気を出さないのか それとも 全くダメなのか　 ウィリアムズ　ホンダ　時代の 先輩方がみたら 優しい言葉をかけてくれても 心の奥底では　弱くなったホンダに 気落ちするぞ
No penalty for Norris or the racing point who went over sausage kerbs.
Bottas only won cause Mika Salo was Steward! What a trick game! Again, they did it, stole Hamilton his win!
👍VALTTERI👍 ; 😀MAX😀 ; 🙃LEWIS🙃
3:36 might be the worst commentary I’ve heard in my life
where is martin brundle????????????????????
great drive from Gasly
Boy, Kvyat ahead of Gasly, Albon, and so close to Ocon... Awesome job!!!
Is it possible for Ferrari to get a Motor upgrade for Next Races or is it done ?
Interesting fact: as of now Car#44 (Hamilton) is 44 points ahead of Bottas, who is 33 points clear of Car#33. And then between Car#44 and Car#33 are 77 points and Car#77
Grosjean il faut vraiment qu'il se mette à la natation ou je ne sais quoi, mais qu'il arrête la f1 par pitié...
*Lance crashes*  *Lances dad buys a new car*  Lance: Is For Me? 🥺👉👈
They are trying to slow down Hamilton by giving that 10 seconds penalty ... otherwise no competition here....oh wait there is ... Ferrari and Williams ...CLASH OF THE KINGS (TITAN'S)
povere Ferrari...in che mani siete capitate!
Kick Albon.
COMMENTARY IS PURE SHOUTING NOW
*What happend with Ferrari? ☹️*
Mercedes always cheating.
GRANDE KIMI GRANDE KIMI
sinceramente a corrida ficou sem graça com a penalização de Hamilton e ficou fácil para bottas
What is Sainz doing, so funny.
Can someone please tell me who's commentating along with Croftie?
you have a time penalty                                             Hamilton: NOO where's the rulebook                  RICCIARDO: Ok, I'll drive faster
How to win a race  Only needs hamilton get penalty
Leclerc clipping Stroll: No penalty for Leclerc?
Why aren't they never talking about Magnussens amazing starts?😂
Was there ever a race without crashes?
That first minute sounded worse than when I did something bad and my mom found out about it. I liked it tho, nice start.
a 10 second time penalty and still finishes 3rd.  There is no other team to compare to Mercedes at this time.  Ferrari, has become a joke and Red Bull is still the "also ran team"
At the very back, we actually had 3 cars racing. In F1. Can you believe it?
FIA vs Hamilton is not what we signed up to watch lol
Put Bottas in RB, Albon in Alpha Tauri, and Gasly in Merc
I think the penalty is wonky, mostly because why couldn't they impose the penalty as a grid penalty instead? Doesn't make much sense for it to be a stop-and-go for an infraction that happened an entire day prior.
3:35 this is so sad to see
Boring race?  - Oh no, not this time as Hamilton did not win ! ... but he is still in the middle of all action and excitement !!!
A driver like Lewis Hamilton should not be making those mistakes that cost him 10 seconds
need to get better commentators
What a CRUNCH that was.. KABLAMO.. He really doesn't need a front left wheel..!!
Everything is going normally people are trying to overtake but not    BOTTAS !
Sainz has issues with Russian walls...
Grosjean of the day: sainz
Blyat
0.56  suicide live on TV
Βοttas is over verstappen foer 40 points
Another  frustrating race results for rarri
the audience or the puppets in the stands?
2:53
This commentator man..most annoying out of any sport
😱😱😱😱🇧🇪🇧🇪🇧🇪🇧🇪🆒
5:24 Albon looking like an amateur. Absolutely terrible positioning of the car.
Gulzaar CHANNIWALA rally 1 OCTOBER
Why is it that each time stewards grant Hamilton a penalty, the race becomes more fun.
VTB huh. Almost like this victory was supposed to be for him.
6:08 Laziest applause ever...
Albon has got to go, he should’ve finished at least fifth and to quote Christian Horner the hypocrite from drive to survive, finishing 7th 8th or 9th is of no value to us
Why don't you show how Leclerc shoved Stroll off the track?
10 s penalty and Lewis still got in there. Watch out Schumacher
Grosjean, sainz, albon... the clowns of F1.. just smh
Tom: No heroics into turn 1, please ! Sainz: I am gonna pretend I didn't hear that
1000th
What happened to Lando? Did he pit during the final laps?
boring af
Lol albon being overtaken by gasly despite being in a worse car is a joke y is he in that red bull seat?
That escape road is too dangerous like Carlos he hit the wall
I have a dream that someday in the F1 series, drivers will be punished equally, regardless of team, status or race.
Magnussen from 18th to 9th.. he is the best starter in f1.. if he dont get a seat next year. There is something seriusly wrong with f1😳
And cue the yelling commentators....
Ma la domanda è: ma che ha da urlare il commentatore ogni volta!! Dategli un po’ di en gocce x cortesia
A breath of fresh air in F1 - not much of Bottas winning but of Hami losing.😉
Ha ha Hamilton F-up again, hope he loses the title.
Beli mobil baru
Andaikan ada rio pasti lebih rame di F1
REDICULOUS penalty for Hamilton it's a RACIST Decission.  Race commissioners are NOT NEWTRAL   but no one can stop Hamilton on this planet
TWO penalties? Sounds like that Hamilton guy doesn’t know what he’s doing.
5:25 So bad from Albon. Why is he trying to stab into this fast left hander. As a result, he loses all of its momentum and comes under pressure from the Alpha Tauri.
Driver needs to make up time.  Any other team: “I’ll dig in and drive faster!” Mercedes: “where is the rule book?”
They handled Hamilton again, the F1 management makes the same mistakes as the past, incredible that.
Trash
not gonna lie this race was boring af.  EXCEPT FOR THE PART THAT HAMILTON GOT A 10 SECOND PENALTY!   and then it was boring again
Lewis racing against the other drivers and the Marshall's! Who knew they were Schumacher fans? Next race you're probably get a penalty because you have four wheels on your car! What a JOKE!!
Car-loss sainz
9 wins in 4 years for Bottas with Mercedes and he wonders why he’s getting heat from the critics.   To whom it may concern, keep up the criticism
Hold my beer jokes down below. It was once again a great race. To bad for both McLarens
This should be a very short video.
isn't it possible that the commentator can talk just normally?
I wonder if the ridiculousness of being pushed off track over the curb, and then having to go *back* over the curb to get through the run-off lane, was on Grosjean's mind when he clobbered the Styrofoam bollards 😂  "I have to go back over the curb to get to the bollard? Ok, FINE, here you go" 🤣
I heard when teams turn up at the race track one of the 40 ton lorrys was for the FIA rule book.....
BORING.... MERCEDES TO STRONG THAN THE OTHER
I find it weird leclerc never got a penalty, like he did put stroll out of the race and it's not like it was inevitable
Val Tteri Bottas
6:45 - Should they wear a face mask and gloves due to the risk of droplet infection? When one of them sprinkle champagne on the other’s face after he's drinking it, doesn’t that make wearing the mask and gloves unnecessary?
I have never seen someone choose the wall over polystyrene
Mejores momentos del gp de Rusia? Cuando acabo la carrera hermano... vaya tostón, la F1 ahora mismo es de los deportes más aburridos que hay
non male le Ferrari! se non ci fossero stati i primi 5 e quelli dal 7° all'11°, sarebbero arrivate al 1° e 2° posto.  -not bad the Ferraris!  if there had not been the top 5 and those from 7th to 11th, they would have reached 1st and 2nd place.-
Boring race: all the action is in the midfield
That fight between Albon, Norris, Russell and Gasly just showed how Albon is overrated, he had issues to overtake them all, even Russell in Williams and then Gasly in Alpha Tauri just easily overtakes him and makes a gap... Yeah i know Albon may not have the same parts as Max, but come on, he's still in Red Bull.
whoever came up with that chicane detour needs to give up, what a terrible idea
That thumbnail is quite nice tbf
Schade wetel idiot ferrari
wut was hmailton penalty for wut went wrong didnt watch race thought it wld be boring and normal as usual
Kmag did again a fantastic start, if he gets e batter car, he will be right up there.. But he is not even mentioned..
tell me again how Gasly is much weaker than Albon...?
квят-Б Е З Д А Р Ь !
Next, FIA will introduce an automatic 10s penalty rule for anyone black.
0:59 What a CRONCH that was
A Williams overtakes a Mclaren *Getting early 90's vibes*
Whatever happened, Seb. Vettel still my idol🏁
Gasly > Albon
An hour and a half of racing cut down to 6 and a half minutes and the only actual racing was the battle for 9th 10th and 11th FFS The highlights could be halved and you wouldnt have missed anything.
Hamilton says: it is racism when I got penalty like others
I dont owe anyone anymore thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
this was such an entertaining race
Only time Bottas wins is when its gift wrapped to him, disgraceful from the stewards
Is it just me or is Crofty a very annoying commentator
F1 are trying to mess with Lewis... he’s too much to contain
Perez has integrity giving it his all after all the 4th place he's  ended in. World class driver. On Red Bull/Mercedes he'd be arguably Top 2.
I looking forward to the radio of lando, george and alex during their 3 man stint
Seems if your a Ferrari the rules are non existent! Can’t be bothered watching if your going to manipulate results with penalties that should never of been handed out!
Leclerc should've gotten a penalty
Who pays money to watch this live?
Mercedes: Lewis for you after lights means after you've passed them. Mercedes: Bottas for you after lights means after they go green.  Mika Salo: Lewis, well lookey here I've got my eyes on you boy!
Hamilton: No one can beat me in the race.  F1 stewards: Hold m’y champagne 🍾..
el suanfonzon
You are useless Ricciardo
No one is better than Hamilton so they have to add penalties to make it interesting...
I don’t think Lewis shouldn’t got a penalty because the team radio said it’s fine it should of been a fine or a warning for one and a penalty for the other
White Race Control Trying to Stop Lewis ...only going to make him faster ..
Think Crofty broke at around 3:37....
Lsp 1 here highlights one of the areas where F1 is inferior to other racing series. A relatively small contact with the wall shouldn't put a car out of a race. In other series cars go through much worse collisions and are able to be patched up and sent back in the race.
Onestly Russell overtaking a mclaren was the most random thing of the race
Verstappen 2, 7 seconds after Bottas. Albon 10, 92 seconds after Bottas....
Time of ferrari is gone~!!!
We're being robbed of Mercedes' 1-2 this season like never before and still the season's boring as ever. 😑
Anyone else say "round the outside round the outside" in an Eminem voice everytime you hear someone going round the outside.
Expect more of this as HAM closes in on WC 7...
Renault blew this one
Idk why but it was so fun seeing the 3 rookies fight each other
Albon in Red Bull is slower than Gasly and Kvyat in AlphaTauri
Is there a point in giving Hamilton a time penalty, he just overtakes on speed to top
Who was supriced mb won again
Only the one way to stop Lewis Hamilton, its called FIA
Can someone explain why exactly hamilton got those two penalties? He stopped where he shouldn't have I believe?
SBINBALA
Surprised you managed to get any "highlights"... yawn
I think we(18 cars) should be another league and let 2 Merc cars race for their own. 😁😁
Vota: 1. Sainz olvidó su perro guia!  2. Sainz miró al revés el Google Maps! 3. A Sainz le fallaron sus poderes Psíquicos! 4. A Sainz se le cerró el portal que lo llevaba a la meta! 5. Sainz intentó un Singapur 2008 para ayudar a Ferrari!
No soyuz?
How were Verstappen & Ocon allowed to overtake Ricciardo under yellow flags on that first lap?
Sergio Perez deserves the seat in Aston Martin next year. Sebastian Vettel should retire.
Why 8s albon in a red bull
Bravo Max!
Great drive by Bottas, Max, Checo and Leclerc. Thanks for the upload. Would be great if u could show the constructor's standings at the last well.
When was this race?
0:30 Wouldn't it be funny to have a golf game announcer    LOL
Lahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahanse Stroll
Vettel grande strategy
Gasly is a excellent driver. Watch him.
They are desperate for Lewis not to beat Schumacher's record.
😳 I am suprised - YT’s logic is amazing
Another Mercedes win as to be expected 😑
If it is correct what Toto Wolff stated yesterday about the "directors notes" by FIA => start trials "past trafic lights on the right side at the exit of pitlane " there is no exact proclamation nor an exact place!   So infact "in dubio pro reo"  => You can't blame or even penalize driver or team for giving out UNprecise guide lines!  Esp when LeClerc did his starts right there too  I'm no explicit fan of Mr. Hamilton but this is n o t fairness or equil to all drivers !  The sentence and penalty has to be resettled!
Bottas had porridge for breakfast
What a race! Thanks i see this by myself on T2!
🇫🇮🇫🇮🇫🇮🇫🇮🇫🇮🇫🇮🇫🇮🇫🇮
People here complaining about LH's penalty. How is it no other driver made the same mistake?
I hate this camera takes, the cars seem so slow it’s boring
Go Hamilton
While max is out there fighting for podium positions, albon is casually chilling in the back with this friends.
I am black all lives must matter equally
I quit my work thanks to, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
The FIA try really hard to stop Lewis. Next Lewis might be ban for one race due to multiple penalty recorded.
1,999,999 mln views
0:55 *I think that orange painting on wall confused him.*
they finally start penalizing that Fkng Color Guy
We go from Hamilton pit stop in Lap 19 to Lap 38... Tells you a lot.
Grosjen should be banned from f1, horrible driver
James: Valtteri, it's James. Bottas: Sorry James, I can't hear you.
Stop shouting pls FFS
3:36 ehh what??🤔
when no covid19 at russia.. be like
Everybody: F1 Lance: Tokyo Drift
if it was a Ferrari 1-2 Verstapen would've crashed into them.
G A S L Y
I can't see the BIG Bee
Hamilton: it's boring if i take the championship too early, lets have a challenge. (and he got a penalty)🤣
Haas: Romain if you can’t hold track position go through the bollards.  RG: Copy Haas: No not THROUGH the bollards 🤦🏼‍♂️
Ricciardo's penalty made no sense to me, Carlos went through the 'chicane' from an earlier point than Ricciardo did, and he collects the wall and out of the race. That's along with the fact that the driver swap was ordered by Renault, so who does Ricciardo gain an advantage on, his own teammate who was told to let him pass? It just made no sense at all to me.
Really wish we could see Albon with the same setup as Verstappen...
I have a strong feeling Albon is losing that seat
Really want to see Ricciardo onboard of first lap. None of the replays show what happened for him to lose two positions.
Well for Hamilton fans, he gets to equal Schumacher's record in their home race so yes be happy
i get why they have the foam bollards... i don't get why they made the pass through so narrow... i would have just hit them and take the penalty vs risking a crash.
So Russia had a full crowd this weekend?
F1 needs a pace car start.
Australia 2019: To whom it may concern f*** you! Russia 2020: To whom it may concern f*** you!  Me: I hope you keep beating your teammate otherwise it will concern me
That was an exciting race to watch. Got my dad into it (he’s s a big nascar fan). Stinks about lewis but, rules are rules.
Sochi is not a circuit. Is a joke...sochi and New Paul Ricard out and Magny-Cours back please.
Not the best Formula Fantasy weekend for me
I honestly thought Russia would be boring but I guess I'm wrong.
Carlos is already mentally driving a Ferrari and seb is mentally out of Ferrari. I don't understand why f1 teams operate like this. There should be a transfer window at the end of the season
VTB = Valtteri Bottas
રેસ મા મજા આઈ😍💯
Albon, Norris, and Russel fighting at the back, hoping in the future that will be fighting for 1st with Russel in a Mercedes.
The sign of a true champion is someone who can lose gracefully.  Hamilton is a very poor loser.
Wow Charles does not get a penalty for pit maneuver ... Stewards are idiots
que corrida boa, mas faltou o Charlie Vettel e o Sebastian Leclerc, no pelotão da frente,  estão muito "diferentes" dos ponteiros... Uma Ficção que não sai da minha cabeça, é ver todos num carro Mercedes, carros com acertos pessoais de cada piloto, ...seria algo extremamente mensurável, num nível jamais visto, ....o Karte já fez isso em alguns momentos, ...reunir uns Pilotos de tocada fina e agressiva, ...em,.....suzuka.....Pts
5:25. Albon was an idiot. Had he waited 2 more turns, Norris would have been a sitting duck. He had zero tires and Albon would have had it easy to overtake with DRS. Guy tried to divebomb into a relatively fast corner 🙄
Checo Perez and Red Bull!!!
????///People Wake Up!!! Any “pandemic” that requires  billions of dollars in 24/7 global advertising to make  people believe that it exist doesn’t exist. Watch the full  ten-part series of the most forbidden documentary in  history taken down from YT countless times since its  2017 release: “Europa The Last Battle” at archive dot org?????////
"The BIG LOSER Lando Norris"
Beautiful coverage. Thanks!
Better for Hamilton to get his 91th win in a decent track like the Nurburgring, then break the record it on Portimao or Imola Sochi circuit is just so uninspiring for be remembered for something like that, and rumors than this track will no long exist in the next few years moving the Russia GP for St. Petersburg
Gasly > Albon
Grosjean hitting the bollards: Best part of the race 💥👌🏻
Boring!!!!!
PETRONAS MERCEDES AMG F1 WINNER:VALTERRI BOTTAS PETRONAS YAMAHA SRT MOTOGP WINNER:FABIO QUARTARARO PETRONAS DOUBLE WINNER
Williams fast on the straight!
Petronas motorgp win fabio quantararo champions world catalunya 2020⛽🏎️🏍️👍👍
Ferraris are red, and red bulls are blue, speaking of red bulls, one's in p2!
We need more love for Russell. The fact he could fend off Albon and Norris with that car for a while speaks volumes about his skill.
Seems very harsh to hand out a time penalty for something that did not occur in the race
That runoff next to the wall just seemed ridiculously close.  Over all I don't think I care for this circuit all that much.
3:57 Kubica?
Lando, George and Alex need to host a car show.
Isn't Hamilton bothered by the fact that he is a vegan and they short form his name to HAM for the standings during the race?
Karma strikes yet again.  Racing Point gave Lance all the vehicle upgrades two weeks ago and he totaled the car.  This week, Lance was given the better car and he crashed again.  Perez with a weaker car, keeps doing what he has been doing all his career, putting a car in the points/podium, with a car that does not belong there.
Great move bottas 👌👌👌    Jangan lupa tonton video video tutorial unfaedah di channel kami yah 👌😋🤪
Best fight of the whole race. The rookies at the back at the start. Norris v Albon v Russel
0:53 That's so silly. He really think he can turn sharply with that speed?
Still seems crazy to me that Racing Point is gonna bin Perez and he's probably going to be seatless and fade into a Hulkenburg kind of character. He's done so much for that team, anytime I think of Force India, all I can think is Perez getting that podium the first season he joined. Such a consistent driver deserves better, perhaps not a seat in a front runner, but he is such a perfect pick for any midfield runners. I bed he would be a beast in the alphas. Chin up Checo.
Lance isn't lucky,Perez smile......
Wow this is so much more passionate than the Japanese commentary
How did Charles not get a penalty seriously
Wow same old same old as usual. F1 is a sham.
Gasly > Albon ... RB are such idiots...
Change back albon and gasly
No wonder on why people love Daniel
"Ocon Is ahead of Hamilton and Hamilton is ahead of Ocon" well done Crofty
Did anyone see the Ferrari's? What a disaster!
Carlos is driving like an idiot so ferraris cancel his contract
Great job to Max Verstappen for splitting the Mercs!
This is one of the most boring races i have ever seen
Almost half of them were lapped, this sport needs competition
LEWIS PENALTY generally speaking it probably is better left to practice to do starts like this. formula one clearly agrees having administered a penalty. but lewis will be annoyed that he is penalised for something that happened before the race had even started. its better for practice just in cae the car fails to get going again if there is a jinx in the systems
Fair play- Lewis got a 10 second penalty and still managed to come 3rd..
is nobody gonna talk about how leclerc got P6 with that shitbox
Got to give Nico Rosberg credit as the only Hamilton beater up to now.
Stroll con 2 carros de ventaja sobre perez y la sigue cagando. PD: Ya n lo evidencien. por favor......
Why Leclerc did not get a penalty?
Get 'em Bottas!
Is that Karun from Fifth Gear joining David Croft?
it’s sad how easily hamilton overtook vettel
Would have taken George Russell over Vettel any day of the week.
なんでベッテル遅いの？？
Give Lecler a benz and Hamilton will have a, competition!
Such a shame for Hass and Kmag. Such a well driven race, still no points: :(
Fuanfoson :v
Бог посылает вам следующее послание: единственная надежда во мне, у кого есть способность заполнить вашу пустоту, это я, кто свободен от печали и депрессии, кто может исцелить, по-настоящему благословить меня, но, что наиболее важно, кто вы  дает мне спасение и жизнь вечную через Иисуса.  Жизнь коротка, вечности нет, есть только два пути, рай или адский огонь, мир не хочет слышать это сообщение, но оно более реально, чем вы можете себе представить, не теряйте свою душу в вечности, идите в  я, просто повторите и верьте этой молитве всем своим сердцем;  Господь Иисус, я признаю этот грех, я каюсь, я принимаю Тебя как единственного и исключительного Спасителя, что ни в ком другом нет спасения, что ты единственный путь к отцу, напиши мое имя в книге жизни, что Ты помог мне жить для  ты.  Теперь вы спасены, молитесь ежедневно, читайте Библию, и если вы потерпите неудачу, вы покаетесь, и он простит вас.  Скажите Святому Духу направить вас исполнять Его волю и удерживать вас от греха и того, что не нравится Господу.  Христос грядет очень скоро.  Я оставляю вам следующие стихи, подтверждающие это слово.  Иоанна 14 Иисус, путь к отцу 1 Пусть ваши сердца не смущаются;  Вы верите в Бога, я тоже верю в себя.  2 В доме Отца Моего много обителей;  если бы нет, я бы сказал вам;  Итак, я приготовлю для вас место.  3 И если я пойду и приготовлю для вас место, я снова приду и возьму вас к себе, так что я могу быть здесь, вы также можете быть.  4 Вы знаете, куда я иду, вы знаете дорогу.  5 Фома сказал ему: Господи, мы не знаем, куда ты идешь;  Как же тогда мы можем узнать дорогу?  6 Иисус сказал ему: Я есмь путь и истина и жизнь;  никто не приходит к отцу, кроме меня.  7 Если бы вы знали меня, вы бы также знали моего Отца;  и с этого момента мы знали его, и вы его видели.  Revelation 20:15 15 И кто не был записан в книге жизни, тот был брошен в озеро огненное.
Albon will not be with Redbull 2021
6:07 Show me a more unsatisfied clap than that, from his own team
What about Leclerc, nothing?
Boring race
I feel like the track ruined this race. Everyone got penalties.
In today's race, clearly the Hamilton driver was harmed, which shows that F1 is clearly creating grounds for punishment, due to his position as much as F1's poor management and also the movement he defends, reminds me when you created the rule that punished senna in Japan.
mi vettel u.u
The race stewards are the joke of the race🤪
Well, boring.
Nice to see the fans back out into the open sitting on the grandstands! :D
1. BOTTAS 2. VERSTAPEN 3. HAMILTON
Traten de publicar la carrera con los comentarios en español 😎
Boring race... beginning to appreciate the tracks with genuine long straights
Watching Gasly easily pass Albon in the sister car was just embarrassing...
Benzzzzzz
As a McLaren fan I almost switched off after the first lap😫
Red Italian team in biggest motorsport competition is a clown this year
Albon getting passed by gasly, nice 😎.
Something needs to change with Albon.. He's such a great guy but he just consistently gets stuck behind back markers for way too long, He needs more confidence and to take more risks if he wants to make his way back to the front of the pack.
3:51 Giovanazzi vs Albon: Shows Bottas vs verstappen time gap
Another boring race in Russia. Disappointed, but not surprised.
That wall that Sainz hit is poorly designed and I hope they move it back to give drivers a chance to make it through if they get push wide late
great performance of Checo 💪🏻👍
Who's co comentator alongside Croft?
Is the FIA trying to increase entertainment value by slapping disproportionate penalties on Hamilton? Lol get him to that race ban by all means
Did Bottas send a 'fu*#€d off' to Hamilton on radio? What happened last year?
I hate these so called first lap free pass for cutting a corner. Max didnt out break himself never even tried to turn in and just casually went straight at the first corner to keep his position cause a renault appeared on the inside of the corner and i don't know he didnt feel like fighting legit on track i guess?? 🤔🤔😑
i hope bottas gets WC
Who has ever thought that this race would be that "boring"?
Russia has the vaccine already
Stroll and Magnussen have such an amazing start. Shame about the final results though. Both of them deserved points tbh
Red Bull should of dropped Albon weeks ago.
What is it that Hamilton do to get the penalty?
Too bad the top 3 fights were nowhere to be seen after lap 1.
"Whata crunTch
Sainz having private classes with Grosjean
Where's Martin Brundle gone? Nothing against the new fella but just curious
Gotta love the scraps between Lando, George and Alex. Too bad it wasn't for podium places.
Hamilton is such a sore loser, can't even talk about what happend post race he is that much of a schmuck to the interviewer. No BS political T shirts hey Hamilton? You donkey.
they are trying to stitch lewis up .  as he said he has been doing it for years and nobody has said a word before .
Bonno - "Hamilton we have a 10 sec time penalty" Hamilton moans as if the world is about to end  Renault engineer: Daniel, we have a 5 second time penalty Daniel - "Okay.....I'll drive faster ...... my bad"  Worlds apart. Nothing but class from Daniel Avocado
Éso no tiene nada de competencia, cierren éso. No tiene ninguna emoción.
Lol everyone is like Gasly>Albon but when Gasly was at Red Bull everyone wanted him out. MAKE UP YOUR MIND
La misma mierda de siempre, Mercedes ganando
Today Lewis showed his sportsmanship at his best!
Mungkin seri selanjutnya Hamilton menang
Sainz: Don't want to race today 😂😂
That FIA steward that gave Lewis the penalty should have got one himself for wearing his mask sideways ✌️
Where did Brundle go?
If I didn't know any better I'd say the FIA has an agenda with Hamilton. The timing of these penalties is quite the peculiar coincidence. 🤔
Amazing race by Giovinazzi. From P17 to P11. Great start and overtakes. But for some reason no one talks about it 🤷
Serio Pérez is really showing courage to deliver results. Can Redbull at least offer him a driving test? The pair Max/Pérez could be interesting!
Who was the second commentator with Crofty?  Not Brundle and not a voice I've heard before, and they didn't put the names on screen at the beginning like they often do?
Everyone complained that FIA favoured Mercedes, where are those people hiding now? It was clearly out of jealousy they said that
@Formula 1: You forgot to include the teams standings at the end.
So ive noticed the past few russian grand prix, martin brundle isnt there, is he banned from Russia or something lol
These highlights wreck details badly. Where's the VSC?
max was completely calculated first lap running off.
Them go carts got nothing on Motogp period
Nice Val.  Shut those WTF1 dweebs up!  Fanboys 😒
If you’re a Lewis fan and you’re seeing this      BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Anche la replica ristretta è noiosa...
Take Leclerc's penalty and add it on to Hamilton's, Ferrari International Assistance is back in business.
Formula 1 YouTube channel is now powered by Mercedes
Well, the Hamilton Haters had a grand day!
That FIA hate merc as well 5sec penalty + another 5sec penalty for Lewis Hamilton....
Why was Hamilton penalized?
Keep it up Lewis . Praise the Lord ✝🙏
Get in there Valtteri! Absolute stellar Job!
It's astonishing how fast this guy is able to talk
Born a Ferrari fan but can’t help but love max! I hope he’s a wc
The next Gen kids saving F1🔥
Sochi circuit sponsor:VTB (ValTeri Bottas) maybe this is why ValTeri bottas wins    JUST JOKE👍😂
Is it only me but when I see vtb I think of bottas
its takes 2 penalties to Hamilton for Bottas to win,shows  you how bad he is...
Leclerc finishing top 10 in the Alfa with a horse on it gives me hope that he can still be a world champion driver some day.
The one who can beat hamilton in this season is PENALTY 😂
pack it up vettel time to retire
Charles should've gotten a penalty imo
*Go Bottas Go, and win the championship!*
Luis hemilton
3:49 oof from lap 19 to lap 38, can anyone tell me if anything actually happened in between that gap
That "safety" emergency exit at turn 2 is a joke :D It made F2 races more fun already,but F1 was only excited due to it (and Hamilton not knowing the rules)
👍👍👍
Albon doesn't deserve that seat
FIA will do anything to stop HAM winning. Just like when Prost was winning, they would do anything to let him win.
I wonder why we never saw the kvyat  vs ocon battle
Or I’m hallucinating
COMMENTATORS JUST MISTAKENED VERSTAPPEN AS ALBON
Who said Hamilton was going to win the race? 😂😂
Botas acordou nessa corrida, dessa vez ele n cochilou.
No penalty!! Leclerc on Stroll have no sens!
Who hit stroll?
2 race penalties and still 2 points on his super license total of 3, looks like Hamilton is racing not just against the other 19 cars on the grid but also the FIA.
I just realised that Bottas finished one lap ahead of 2 former F1 world champions. Mind blown.
maybe nxt year Ferrari🔥🔥🔥
Perez deserves Albon's seat
Albon has some serious problems.
Kicking perez out for vettel is so the wrong decision, vettel is in such poor form the past 2 years and Perez has been nothing but solid. Its all for the name and that's it, Perez is the better driver at this time.
Drinking game: A shot every time the commentator says: "round the outside"
I feel bad for Stroll
Norris has one bad race and everyone goes off at him, where my real Norris fans at??
both ferraris finished the grand prix, one of them managed to finish less than 1 minute behind the race winner, and only 1 got lapped. so...yay?
Surprise surprise Hamilton gets time penalties...  No matter what he’s going to break Schumacher’s record!
what happend with Anthony ? im not racist but India english doesnt sound that well as Ant`s :)
‘Lewis you have a 10 second penalty’ 😡😡🥵🥵😡🥵😡🥵🤬🤬🤬  ‘Daniel you have a 5 second penalty’ My fault, sorry I’ll just drive faster.
1:33 The clan of almighty headed by Mika Salo : Hey guys, let’s stop him winning this race! Exactly.. let’s go, let’s go!
Albon is useless can't believe he got ahead if gasly for a drive. If Red Bull don't promote Gasley back or sign Hulkenburg they will never win much
Is it me? Or we have a new commentator?
Sainz is a geniusz😴😴😴
Congratulations on scraping together 7 minutes worth of highlights
6:08  Toto: wait a minute, this ain't Lewis
I want to see a Mercedes team with Vettel and Bottas sometime
I think Gio deserves some credit today as well. P17 to P11 is a solid performance.
Perez needs to be in a  Red Bull or AlfaTauri seat next year. Max needs some competition!
that firrst lap was absolute chaos!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If only the action we saw in the mid pack was the same up front.
Pérez to red bull please!
Albon needs to learn to fight.
how the f*** can get 7 min highlights from that race
Can we PLEASE see K-Mag and Grosjeans onboard!!! They gained 15 places combined on the first lap
Eres una riata SERGIO!!!!!
"We have a 5sec penalty" Hamilton: *cries, swears and complains* Ricciardo: Okay, I'll make up for it.  That's why we love you, man!
It was wrote all over the track that Valteri would have won Look VTB Val Trie Bottas
The only way F1 gets interested is when they hit each other
some crazy decisions on lewis this year .  why couldnt he have had the 10 seconds added to the final result ?.
F1 since 2016:  100% predictable Today’s race: 50% predictable (it was either Hamilton of Bottas)
Bravo por Valtteri¡¡¡¡¡
Let's be real, Bottas didn't win the race fairly, the stewards gave it to him on a plate. What's really amusing is that the he actually believes that his "victory" was bona-fidus And the curse words over the radio, a reflection of how well he was raised
Lewis robbed again f1 rules only hurt the best driver/s 2 penalties for one driver  come in and serve them and 5 second penalties for others and it put on after the race
Valtteri, it's Bottas. I just won the James.
Why didn't Leclerc get a penalty? Politics...
Same old Sochi 😴
Verstappen is the best F1 driver in the world
Ferrari is battling with Williams. Is it 1997 again? 😂
The stewards are making F1 a farce with their penalties during racing.
WhAt HaPeNEd LaNcE
Who crashed into Strolls Heck after the Start?
Sainz already doing Ferrari driver things.
Kmag taking 9 positions in lap 1... Not a highlight?
Wondering if Lewis would have won had he not had the penalties. I thought it was a sure thing at the start, but given the tire strategies maybe not. It might have been a race up front??
Who else finds Crofty's commentary very cringy
Crazy how Ferrari became irrelevant, still a very nice race by Leclerc...
Calle cynical but I am not surprised Bottas wind in Russia 🤔
WELCOME TO RUSSIA F1 FANS
Sochi is one of the worst tracks
Am i right in saying Kevin Magnussen made up nine positions on the first lap? Up to ninth from eighteenth?
When you avoid the result spoilers all day just for the card suggestion to spoil it at the start of the highlights 🤦‍♂️
Excuse me but albon 1min30secs behind Verstappen. Stop talking about different parts please...
SPUTNIK V "VALTTERI"
The Halo graphic with the rearview mirror is excellent.  The race - boring.  The season - boring.  Mercedes BORING.  Overall: zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
Get in there George
What happened to Martin Brundle?
Bottas has done payback for *Invade Finland™* by the Russians
I'd love to see more robust cars so drivers can really fight for places...
I heard there was a funny radio comment from a driver............................not here then?
Fantastic to se people in the stadium 🙌🙌
Gaslys move on albon must’ve hurt
See Kimi N Seb how they love each other haha...
Max p2: under 10 seconds off leader  Albon p10: 90 seconds off leader
Guys,Ferrari..where are them🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️😢😢😢😢
So unusual for Hamilton to be complaining on the radio! No, it's not really.
One of the races I hate with all my heart. No matter the unfairness, we managed to get a 1'3
They are inventing new ways of trying to stop Lewis but unfortunately cream always rises to the top!
Racism hamilton is always punished for minor reasons simply because he is black. Will they have done the if it was vettel, max and co? Hamilton will have been fighting for his 9th world champion were it not of racism.
Formula CLOWN
The commentators are just guessing what happend and not waiting to see what really happend. not Once but several times and shouting is not making it more exciting. Nothing like Murray Walker. Be more precise and don’t just shout something we can see what happens we would like to hear the truth not some guesse as truth
what a boring race
1:19 not anymore apparently
Over excited commentators.  Calm down...you're just the presenter!
HAMILTON GETS TWO VIOLATIONS!............................ MUST BE RACISM HAHAHA
Why is this announcer always screaming?  He thinks it shows excitement.  Actually it just shows annoying.  They should interview some golf announcers, or give him a shot.  Other venues are not this annoying.
Hahaha Hamilton lost hahahuuuuuahahaaaaaaaaaaa
VETTEL AND STROLL KISS
The only BOT I like the see winning.
Boring race.  Can't wait for Nurburgring.. 🥰
Yes Not Hamilton.  I am happy
Both Alpha Tauri ahead of Albon. Not the best race from him.
the speed of mercedes is shocking!
Not interesting...we all know its Hamilton, even before the first race... MotoGP fight is more interesting at the time
Well Albon positioned himself so agressive at a corner where it is impossible to overtake and lost so much time and a position too gasly. That was a very cruel mistake that should not happen in the topteam of redbull. I wouldnt be surprised if gasly takes his seat again, in less time he learned so much about patience and positioning.
miss f1 real engine sound
Love listening ! Mutch better than Dutch tv 🇳🇱👍🏻
Increíble es que Gasly conduzca un Alpha Taury y Albon un Red Bull....esto que es??? El mundo del revés???
They should put a grass patch next to the wall in the outside of the second corner. Exploiting that tarmac is getting ridiculous...
The charge to 3rd by Lewis didn't feel hard. It felt natural almost like he was just driving regular speed and got there
Norris, Gasly, Albon, and Russel put on a great show 👍
George and Alex and lando they remember like on games 😂
Meh podium :/
They still havent found out who hit stroll lol
sssssssnore.
This sport is a racist sport-these people are trying to punish hamilton in everyway they can because of his pro-black stance.
Told you guys, this circuit is for Bottas like Singapore is for Vettel.
How they managed to find 7 minutes of interesting material in this race.....
Yess. White victories matter!
Guys,why always Mercedes is first in the starting line?
Lewis be more careful of these people cause they don't want you to break the record and I mean all of them
Didn't realise there were any highlights..
Except of the start F1 is so boring compared to MotoGP.
DISGUSTING PERSECUTION TO HAMILTON
Looks like when Red Bull demoted  Gasly to Alpha Tauri, they gave him a Red Bull and painted it white while Albon was promoted to Red Bull but with the Alpha Tauri car.
I watched a F1 gp. and some racing broke out ..  Between Norris, Gasly & Albon was great to see.
Hamilton in the Mercedes pass the Ferrari of it is a play-car....
Albons getting sacked at seasons end, I can feel it. The gap with him and VERS juat cant be ignored anymore  Is it just me or did the Merc guys on the fence did not look as happy for BOT win than they would for HAM?
The chicane the Sainz crashed at is dangerous. It was only a matter of time before someone crashed into the barrier. Should be removed next year.
bro.. formula 1 starts are very stressful.. the driver must be really cold and patient, play with reason. everybody wants to speed up and pass through as fastest as they can, so those accidents happen. but i dont blame them, its really stressful indeed.
No matter we hunu do Lewis is still di best driver now
Guess a country from the road signs 0:55 )))
Stroll is so unlucky :'(
Max Verstappen is better than Bois and I have to go to the doctors to see if they can help me with the rest of the course but I think they will be a bit more of an improvement than the other one I have been doing for ages and I have to admit that I have been a bit of a pain to get back to the gym but I have been working on the last few days for it to get back into itself.
Sochi is a bad enough circuit for racing so you don’t need to make it worse by letting Mika Salo make any decisions. That bloke shouldn’t even be allowed to decide what coloured socks to wear.
Well done VB! :)
Albon is gonna be dropped by RB. Pity!
THAT'S ONE BS WAY TO STOP HAMILTON FROM P1...
Amazing racing between Norris, Albon and Gasly! More of that please!!
What’s up with all the rainbows 🌈, every car has one on it and they’re all over the place?
Not a Stroll fan as such, but I dislike it how whenever Stroll is sent spinning it's always assumed, both by his engineers and the commentators, that it was an error that he made himself. Of course in earlier seasons he did make a lot of mistakes, but this season he's done very well and has managed to reduce the amount of errors he makes. I don't think he deserves the hate that he has simply because of the fact that he's a pay driver/his dad owns the team, because he has proven that he has some decent skill behind the wheel of that car.
1:58 - Battle of the 2019 rookies lol
Raghunatan of the season : lewis hamilton
Where is Brundle?
Stroll is trash
4:48 YOU! SHALL NOT!  PAAAASSSSSSSSSSSSS
penalise him every single week
what a mess on video edit...
"Is it cos I is black?".......Lewis G.....Hahahahaha......
Respect to Lewis! Shame on FIA  and its stewards.
Why is this video 0 seconds long?
..Long run towards turn 2 *BOTTAS IS GOING AROUND OUTSIDE*
No one gonna talk about KMAGs brilliant start?
Anyone replayed the crunch of sainzs left rear
The 24h of the Nurburgring was just amazing
The only reason Vettel has a seat for the next year is to allow Mr Stroll say: "Told ya son, you are better then a world champion!"
Sainz??
0:34 the chopper in 2nd🙄
Lets go Bottas, World Champion 2020
:D
Not at all interesting
Can we mention Leclerc getting away with taking out Stroll? Meanwhile Hamilton gets 10s for something that didn't caused any harm nor endangered anyone.
The Netflix curse has struck Mercedes again
Bottas giving the f u after he won by virtue of a penalty. Really??? 😂
Imagine the Vettel haters if Seb had made Carlos' or Lances lap 1 mistakes.
Uma bosta essa corrida. Muito ruim.
Gasly> Albon...
Talk about Mercedes,Red bulls,Racing points and Mclarens...Ricciardo has pulled him self up to 6th in a Renault and 2 points down from 4th...
Masi and his puppets are the joke of the day
Clearly Seb is being given a sub par car. Idk why these teams cut their noses to spite their face like this. Taints the sport big time
RACE CONTROL: "10 Second Penalty for Hamilton. Something we aren't sure about". RACE CONTROL:  "5 Second Penalty for Ricciardo. Something we are even less sure about."
Commentary is just shouting with very little excitement going on. If you stuck this guy on MotoGP he'd explode!
Mediocre Sainz
Fattel did a blocon on ocon so leclerc can get clean air  If only Ferrari asked kimi to do the same to the mercs in the days of seb’s wdc hunt
0:59 WHAT A _K R Ö N C H_
how can gasly beat albon in a inferior car??
Could you please not force people to watch the highlights in the language that is spoken at their IP location?
Can we have Gasly back at the Redbull
Kmag got up 9 positions on the first lap... Why is noone talking about that?
What a pity. Close call Lewis Hamilton.
f1 midtable highlights:) very exciting f1 championship this year!! i miss old times early 2000s
Need more battles between the younger drivers
During the post race interview Bottas said " he hit a bee on his visor which caused him to brake late" which let Lewis get back in front. I'm starting to dislike Bottas, he just always have excuses and can't just admit it was his mistake.
Oh the irony when these clowns wear facemasks but nobody in the stands gives a c*** 😂😂😂
Hamiltion needs more than one race ban. The guy is dangerous. Over the past 18 months he has been highly dangerous to other drivers, marshalls and now he’s targeting the FIA yet again after he accused them in Monaco 2011.  This cannot go on.
I though it was a Twitch live when Albon, LandoBot and Russell were racing
WE ONLY NEED 1 CAR TO MAKE THIS GETTNIG MORE BORING  BY THE MINUTE GAME EXCITING. PUT THEM ALL IN A MERCEDES
Imagine being Vettel and being lapped by Hamilton, I feel bad for him not getting a right car
Christ, Crofty was turned up to 100% today. And no Brundle to balance his screeching.
Driver of the day for me:        FIA
that boring formula 1
Why does Hamilton always seem to get a penalty?
why do i see people there
2 practice start penalties for LH???
This is the best F1 season in a long time
Am I the only one not getting the YouTube notifications from this channel? (even though I'm a subscriber and selected "all notifications" bell and all the shebang...)
I messed up and tuned in at 2pm BST only to see Lap 53/53 and Bottas winning...then I messed up again and watched channel4 highlights at 5:30pm. What a boring race.
Where is Murtin Brundle? Sorry i'm italian so i only watch highlights in english
I quite like Karun as a co commentator
0:53 The new Ferrari guy!
VTB sponsoring the race. Valterri Bottas winning the race.
Grosjean pulling a Grosjean in Russia
cant see ferrari down
Lewis Hamilton wanted to avoid Putin on the podium that's why he didn't win 😏
Lewis crashed into Albon: 5 seconds penalty plus 2 points;  Leclerc crashed Stroll: no further action;  F1 is ruled by Ferrari.
To anyone who cares : all 20 drivers some of the best drivers in the world that’s why they are providing us with entertainment while they are sweating their butts off and we are sitting at home in front of TV  so please stay away from judging!  Hamilton was penalized 10 seconds , 10 SECONDS(!!!)  still finished the race in 3rd place .....if that doesn’t tell anything , I don’t know what will 🤷🏼‍♀️  Is it all really fair , no , of course not ! Looking forward to coming up changes and hope for more fair racing ahead ! In the meantime enjoy  and stay safe ✌🏻
So apparently Bottas got hit with a bee on his visor on the first lap...
Wow. Not liking this f1 commentators mix. Get well soon so we can have some chemistry up there again.
Someone explain what I'm missing as to why Albon cant drive his RB at least to 5th
What a reply to racing point.. perezz
FIA: Hamilton must not beat all of Schumachers achievements FIA: Hold my noncey penalties
Driver of the day: Leclerc
Stroll is a joke.
Bottas 💪Verstappen 💪💪 nice  Hamilton 😭😭😝😝👎
Awful race for my team McLaren ❤️☹️
Awesome!
Gasly really trying to get that RB seat. You could tell by the way he passed Albon.
And they're keeping Lance Stroll.... LOL!
Round the outside, round the outside
Albon goes from mid field, to back of the pack, then up to mid field again every race. While being out preformed by Gasly every time who’s in a lesser car. Hopefully they give Albons seat to someone who can extract the potentially out of that Red Bull and give us more fights at the front of the pack.
mcclaren looked so slowwwwwwww
Racing karma F1 Team
skip 2020 Russian Grand Prix: Race Highlights in 5sek... why? ...ofcourse... BORING
Pérez: great race Stroll: crash🤣😂 Vettel: to give pity😂
Everyone was complaining that only the Kneeling black man wins, and then suddenly the penalties are falling on them WONDERFUL, and already F1 is as interesting as it used to be! A MIRACLE! : D
they just giving lewis 10s penalties to make the races interesting now
Williams racing McLaren again, after so many years! Just on the other side of the pack...
Ferrari is a joke a jokeee
Another boring Mercedes win
Nice race Checo Pérez 🇲🇽👍🏼
What happened to Lando? Fighting to defend 9th, then finished in 15th???
What happened to Norris ? No incident and qualified well but finished 15th?
Immer nur Mercedes sehr eintönig
Boring, we had an epic GP as an opposite
Carlos Master Plan. Crash every race from here till the end of the season and maybe ferrari will change their minds and cancel  my contract for next season... yasss Master Plan Phase 1 completed.
AWS Insights: The car overtaking the other car is faster.. Me: WELL NO S***
Seeing that car smash the signs to smithereens and then realizing thats grosjean made me lol in real life
Hamilton needs to be handed more time penalties...
As an F1 fan.. this is totally absurd to see a driver get penalty for insident outside of the race which also includes practice and qualifying. Unacceptable! This is an example of when F1 politics is taken to the track.
Great job to the marshells
Lewis gotta push extra hard next GP
Why does that idiot have to always scream on the top of his lungs for?
Einfach ein langweiliges Rennen
Carlos doin rookie mistakes hoping ferrari will cancel his contract
10sec penalty, and he still managed to get p3. Well, rd need to find another way to slow lewis
You heard here first... Don't be surprised if Checo gets picked up by Haas or Redbull.
Is there a race where there wasn't any first lap accidents?
Marlène Ultra Chiassa
Wow seeing a Ferrari in 13 what have they become
Yea, imma say it  *BORING*
Albon Norris and Russel racing each other was actually not bad
Hamiltons crying once again showed how spoiled he is by free wins over the years. Pathetic.
No mention of Ricciardo,s penalty or awesome response to his team wall?!?
Verslaggever, rustig, rustig neem even een slokje water hi, hi..
I swear id box that announcer in the mouth if I ever met him.  All that fake excitement screaming into the microphone drives me insane.  Its as if he was calling a horse race only aired on the radio.  I cant even see straight with all his blabbering.  THEY ARE TURNING LEFT< NOW THEY ARE TURNING RIGHT!!!  THEY ARE HITTING THE BRAKES!!!!! But nobody passed anyone afterall...
So unfortunately that i missed that race
This is really sad, I am a huge comeback fan of f1, but jerežy clarkson said it best: It it more fun to watch the paint dry. Sad really
I read they want to make F1 more exciting, but that is ridiculous,  some  were  even joking saying they had to hamper Mercedes to do so (That's all I am saying)  But Mercedes saying it was OK to do the practice starts by people that know the rules like the back of there hands.. But Hamilto still gets a stop n Go.  Also there were more penalties like for Danny Ric, all I can see is him overbraking because of Ocon slowing to much, a penalty he should of not got either, but time added at the end of race, weird that. And there were others who had time added at end of race  rather that stop n go's that Hamilton had...Pure sillyness...  At least Hamilton's racing licence points have been rescinded.....
Someone didn't want Hamilton to tie Schumacher's win record lol.
will the race card come into play :(
Sainz practicing for his season in Ferrari.
I feel like the Mercedes pit crew a sick and tired of climbing on top of the fence every race.
I feel like F1 is targeting Hamilton
How to stop Hamilton mathematically? It's simple Speed=distance/time  Distance- Can't change  Lewis's Speed- won't change  Time- Just add a few seconds and there you go. Problem solved
gasly overtaking Albon whats going on with that????
If Lewis doesnt win the championship due to this steps I will be no more fun of F1. This is all but not racing
I feel bad for Perez I feel like he has Talent but if Haas offers to sign him he shouldn’t go to Haas that’ll be a waste of Talent and it would be a downgrade...Just my opinion
What Hamilton ban now before he wins this season
If RBR keep Albon I'm gonna be stunned like dude 10th place in 2nd best car on the grid youre not cut out for front runner team
Hamilton isnt dominating. Bottas is just slow
Bottas wins: small claps no celebrations  Lewis wins: BIG CLAPS GO CRAZY WITH CELEBRATIONS
If Hamilton was white he would have won today with no penalty points.
ok but please bring Martin Brundle back.
Channel 4 did an analysis of it after. They cited article 19.1 and 19.2 and honestly I don’t see how this is a penalty. Hamilton didn’t put anyone in danger, the race hasn’t even started and the rules are so vague about all of this. I’m by no means a fan of Mercedes but imagine if something like this happened to Gasly in Monza, everyone would be up in arms and rioting
Pérez! thank you Racing Point, the upgrade works perfectly !!!?
LH 44, first he is investigated, then he is cleared, then he gets penalty 10 second for the same infraction he was cleared from the previous day, then after the race team gets fined and he gets his super license point back, bunch of white guys trying their best to keep a back guy from equalizing a white guys record. What a joke.
Fan moments vedio pls
Half of the finishing field, one lap down.
Well done Bottas
00:57  I like this commenter. Interesting comments and cool accent.
que malo que es alexander malbon
The Championship now stands at Hamilton 44 points ahead of Bottas and Bottas 77 points ahead of Verstappen. 44 and 77 being their car numbers. I love coincidences!  Why was nothing done about LeClerc running Stroll off the road?
Racing Point: "Hey let's make a great team for the next seasson" first idea: Kick Pérez and bring Vettel who can't do anything on Ferrari!!!!!....... Genius!!!!!
Please remove the second commentator, his english is bad too faar
Please Formula 1 Entertainment me
I enjoyed my Russian nap.
Verstappen “at least we split the Mercedes “ Bottas yes I won .....Hamilton....yeah only because I had a 10 second penalty.
FIA: Hamilton's penalty is retaken Hamilton: I WANTED TO WIN btw respect to fia they tried their best to slow Hamilton down
Meanwhile..Sainz getting ready for Ferrari next year
9 places gained in the first lap by K-Mag, and not a single mention of that in the highlight... Typical...
Ferrari paying for no leclerc penalty but still flop
Pretty boring , the commentator screaming to make it interesting 🤦‍♂️.
Race director: "Go through the bollard." Grosjean: "Alright."
Only the problem stops Ham and merc With pit stop and penalty 30+ second and the end 3 place Welldone Merc
Gasly: "THAT is how you overtake a McLaren" Albon: "..."
Sainz: Where's the flashback?
Grosjean really took the "go through the bollards" instructions quite literally
Checo Pérez excelente debería ganarse un asiento en Red Bull
Can we please get rid of Sochi I’m sure the Russians wouldn’t mind
Anyone else notice even with all the time penalties Hamilton has got recently he is still within half a second of his team mate...
Is it me or is this sped up?
Warum fahren denn nicht alle Rennserien in den Ländern wo Zuschauer erlaubt sind? So wie in Russland.😉
Always nice when Lewis doesn’t win
Confirmed: Ferrari have signed the perfect Replacement for Sebastian Vettel. Also Confirmed: Racing Point will be called Crashton Martin come 2021!
OH NICE RACE  N_N
another start, ruined by the screaming auctioneer. What a shame, we can't HEAR those cars over that yelling.
Penalty never stop lewis in podium That's the fact..
What a joke
"And Grosjean goes off the track! And THAT is what they ask you to do, well....not completely......"  Anyone else find that hilarious because it was Grosjean who just plowed through the bollards ? 😂
Sainz said: S🅱️INNALA
Nobudy talking about bottas repeating his iconic win phrase? "To who it may concern, duck you"
The pole sitter never wins in Sochi!
Jesus christ, does lewis love getting penalties?
Lewis: no one can stop me this season! FIA: hold my penalty's...
*To whomsoever it may concern*                 *THANK YOU*
Quest'oggi la F1 preceduta da opportuna funzione ufficiale, in Russia, per gli eventi direttamente pericolosi, cioè non sportivi !  Nulla di disonesto se tale evento fosse continuato dagli appartenenti ad esso con coscienza dovuta di quel che soltanto è diventato e quindi con tutte le trasformazioni necessarie alla giusta prudenza adatta al caso, anche perché ne è il caso stesso contemplato da stessi autentici creatori ed organizzatori veri.  Invece giornalisti in Occidente-Ovest sono stati disastrosi fino ad oggi stesso e ambiente internazionale — che non è multinazionale né nazionale — di riferimento cui evento di F1 è restato ambiguo fino ad oggi pure.  Evidentemente non il luogo russo motivazione per ambiguità, anzi occasione per trarsene fuori da parte di chi veramente in F1.  È poco plausibile che accada ritorno ad etica corretta in F1, ma non impossibile.   MAURO PASTORE
Too much money on that grid with certain drivers, not enough talent
That's classic Verstappen. Taking the easy and illegal way out at the first turn after making a mistake and gaining position in the process. He did the same in 2018 French Grand Prix.
How do you misjudge a wall by soooo much? Did he forget the track he was racing on?
As great as it is to see Albon fighting for position with other drivers... that red bull shouldn't be in the midfield.
Worst race this season so far
fell asleep on lap 27. dreamt bottas won after 10 sec penalty. time b clairvoyant  :>
why didn't Sainz just do a Grosjean?
Boring F1. You all should have watched Race 3 BTCC at Silverstone instead .
Get in there Checo!!! Let them know that you better than the son of racing backstabbing point
Finally Max is back where he belongs 👍
Helairus, MAG moved 9 places forward in a car that does not belong up there, and you are not even focusing on that aciviement.
Did  anyone find the Indian guy's commentary off-putting??!!
Sainz and stroll should never have been given a seat sainz is turning into the 2020 version of maldanado
grosjean: they said go through the bollard?
why is there the crowd ?
Why did Hamilton get penalty?
Sainz going in for the Spinotello award this season!
Verstappen in usa 2017=ricciardo
Magnussen again with flying start
Bottas wiuld probably win the remaining races of the season given that Hamilton gets 10 s penalty in every single race 😆
leglerg was lucky not to be penalized
I cant belive force india actualy think lance stroll is a better driver than perez and gave him the upgrade. idiots
2:13 GEORGE!!!!!
Fyi: Leclerc is the reason Stroll crashed. The incident is VERY similar to the Hamilton-Albon incident from this year's Austrian Grand Prix. But for some reason, Leclerc wasn't penalised.
I think Sainz is ready for Ferari
1:08 - yeah then show us the right angle ffs.
seeing this, I bet that hamilton could start in the back and still make it to the podium. literally a last to what? gameplay from aarava.    Man RedBull must be going insane seeing Gasly's performance, but I bet it's just because he is used to Torro Rosso alpha Tauri
What? He crashed in yellow flag? Lol
vettel is finished
Pero que a hecho Carlos?
Sainz got Grosjean flashbacks
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
Nice to watch those kids fighting at the end of the pack like if they were fighting for the championship.
and the penalty
It wasn't broadcasted in India ಠ︵ಠ
Jaaaa ! Avísenle a Carlos, que esto es F1 !!!!  No rally, que le enseñó a manejar su padre !!!!
commentator: "[grosjean] has to go through the bollards"  gorsjean: "through?? okay then"
Albon is so bad, the only time he performs is when he’s at the back of the grid fighting slower cars. Gawky should have his seat no 🧢
Is there a driving team with a bigger difference between #1 and #2 than Redbull? Albon looks a midfield contender while Verstappen is constantly fighting for podium.  Only team bigger may be Ferrari, where Vettle is obviously moved on from the team and isn't going to risk a big crash trying to get a fast time on that unstable car.
Lewis didn't wear any T-shirt today...i think the problem have been solved.
I truly feel bad for Albon. But that question mark over his head grows even bigger. Unfortunately this can be/will be career breaking for him if something doesn’t change.
Comentários em português
No Lewis, you can't do anything you want, because well, rules.
Gasly can stay red2 and bit Albon every year :)
Booooring
All i see on the track is VTBottas. Always winning on a track with your name initials on it is kinda awesome
A decent race at Russia?!  *Not disappointed, but surprised 😳*
0:25  cameraman: literally shooting a car that went out of control and chrashed  also cameraman: these perfectly fine non crashed cars are way more important
Lol sainz failedddd
Even the track was rooting for Bottas... VTB everywhere
Some serious wallhacks going on during this race ><
What a Race Ham again with a penalty but he make recovery to podium Seb with bad race only 13 but Charles with a nearly top 5 Ferrari Chaos start again the record from schumi can be break with a Ham win at Schumi home
Albon is still confused, according to inside sources
Somebody paid the official to make sure Hamilton didn't win the race you should look into it
Comencé a jugar un game play de fórmula 1 y me estoy volviendo un amante de este deporte .. me estoy viciando muchísimo a todo lo que tenga que ver con fórmula 1 .. Estoy muy interesado en aprender todo sobre cómo funciona, si alguien me puede recomendar un buen video informático estaría muy agradecido !!😆
Driver of the say: Turn 2 bollard
im watching this in russian on tv
crazy how russell was holding albon who was in a red bull in a williams
Carlos just executed the worst driving in history!  Oh, there's a wall, I'll drive into it!
Something smells fishy in the stewards' office though. Not defending Hamilton, but why the penalty was not announced on Friday, or Saturday, but only announced after the race has started? The FIA needed three days to investigate the incident? Or just last minute-ly finding something to penalise Lewis for?  There should be a rule to the stewards that penalties will only be valid IF it was issued on the same day of the incident itself. (Not counting on protest overturned)
That was the most interesting Russian gp in my opinion
Get rid of DRS. Just makes drivers lazy.   We would see more moves like Albon does without it. Exciting racing is just wasted as the driver that has been overtook in an amazing piece of driving, can take the position back simply by staying close, even where they would be unable to take the position naturally without DRS.
Time penalty for Hamilton was a joke !!!!!!! That the only way for another drive to win.
Why didn’t anyone tell Lewis he’s in the wrong spot for the practice start?
Hamilton has basically every record at this point, only penalty records are left.
I love how Grosjean drove straight through the bollards 😂
Who's the one with Crofty? (Idk him)
X: I'm a hack. Y: Yes.
Crashlos Sainz
This race was way better than I expected.
Bottarse is still bottarse.  The horse has bolted. Lewis makes you look like a loser. Win the championship then you can prove every one wrong.
These penalties are a joke! That runoff chicane at turn 2-3 is dangerous and if pushed off late (grosjean) the driver has to drive through the foam blocks. And Lewis gets a ten second penalty for “event regulations” pathetic.
I can't understand why Racing Point treats you so badly Sergio Pérez. you are a great pilot. all my respects
Is Sainz the new Vettel?
Even Hamilton has gotten so bored of F1 he's sabotaging his own races just so there's a reason to watch. 10 second stop & go penalty, right; let's see which step of the podium will he recover to...
My question to mercedes is that they will help botas to win championship or else Hamilton to win to record schumacher record break
Why is grossjean still in f1...
Albon surprises me as he drives and tries passes as if not an experienced masterful driver.  Max is a FAR superior driver for the team based completely on his driving performance.
Run off area should be full of gravel, not asphalt.
0:58 best bit lol
if Hamilton put in performances like Vettel - i wonder what some people would be saying??
Perez not in next year's line-up after today's performance seems really sad! If not for Alonso, Renault should have hired him!
Sainz is a joke... dont really deserve Ferrari seat
F to Mclaren - maybe next time
Gasly and Albon need to switch cars..
I'm a simple man, if the FIA don't remove the 2 license points handed to Hamilton, I will not take any further interest in Formula 1 - it currently stinks of manipulation.  If Bottas comes back into play and wins because Hamilton gets a race ban, Bottas won't be a real champion in this already messed up year.  I hope there are enough real fans to agree with this and ready to boycott the whole thing if justice isn't done.
Extremly boring
it was a boring race, I fall asleep
Crofty: Hamilton gets away well as does Max Vestappen Max: Going backwards  Everyone: shut up crofty
Stroll was hit by Eclerc.
As much as I like Gasly, I feel bad for Albon having to drive Verstappen's car.
Perez outstanding masterclass driving his fourth place is like a win
these races are getting to the point where its who can beat Mercedes
Albon really doesn't deserve that RB seat. It is shameful that Helmut and Horner are putting their pride above all.
Once again Princess lulu was crying his eyes out to the whole world because he's such a sore loser   Meanwhile Daniel said sorry to his team for making mistake but still makes up his time and finishes 5th well done Danny Ric  I'm so so happy Lewis didn't equal the great Micheal Schumacher's record today hopefully Lewis will never win again
Albon finishes behind both Alpha Tauri lol what a joke.. such a bad driver
Gasly>Albon
1:58 I can't wait for these 3 to fight in front of the grid
1:58 I can't wait for these 3 to fight in front of the grid
Can't stand the commentary when Crofty can't shut his mouth
Noooooooo what about racism? How can racism be solved if Hamilton doesn't win?
I scroll to last minute of this video straight away, because Mercedes is going to win, and they won. Boring race.
Wow lots of fans
Did lando sustain damage how’d he get so far back?
S🅱innala
Congrats F1 for this 7 MINUTES highlights video.
Hamilton foi chicoteado duas vezes, pelos comissários brancos e louros.
Apart from top three, it's very exciting race.
Karun Chandhok doing a great job on commentary, btw.
I hate this narrator 🤦‍♂️
George should replace bottas on mercesdes in 2022
Albon getting spanked by the sister car
this f1 is no more interesting... everyone is just saving fuel, others have betters cars so they lap other by few laps etc...
Bruh
Are we going to ignore that charles didn't get a penalty after rear ending stroll and gio and k.mag are  ahead of the Ferrari and I hate to say this it's the no. 2 Ferrari
i wish that idiot would stop screaming
How to Destroy you race: Carlos sainz
Norris vs Albon vs Russell was amazing to watch, considering they were battling each other in F1 2019/2020 game a few months ago haha
I missed the race, because it started 2 hours earlier than usual.
You can say whatever you want about Albon, but you can’t deny he’s a master of overtaking. He might have a spot just because of his family, but he definitely has the talent. He risks everything for an overtake. That what we need.
Und einmal mehr hat Vettel bewiesen das er heute nur zum spass fährt denn sollte man nur zum spass rausschmeißen und nur mit ein Auto fahren
You managed to find 7 minutes of "highlights" from this race... impressive
Selow perari
Sainz hit the rewind button and was quite surprised when it did nothing.
Porq penalizaron a Hamilton?? Why penalizon to Hamilton??
Carlos Sainz🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣💥💥
Carlos: *trying to purposely crash/s🅱️inalla to make ferrari to cancel the contract* Me: No, no Carlos... that's just making them want to recruit you more.
Hopefully more wins from bottas will come in this season.
Where is Brundle?
This penalty was killing the race
Квят как всегда (там) .
Carloz nooo😢
No one.. Literally no one..  FIA: Let's keep an eye on Hamilton and hand him Penalty in First Lap...
Why wasn't Verstappen given a penalty for going off track thru bollards at the start, he maintained his position. Isn't he supposed to yield position because he only maintained his position by "illegally" cutting the corner. Instead of using his brakes and staying on the course? Please explain someone, thank you!
who hit stroll and why there now highlight about it
*Ferrari:* Sainz is the next superstar *Sainz:* hold my retaining wall.
I think at 2:00 most stream viewers smiled, this is what they were training for in the offseason, just missing le chair
In a couple of years, Albon will be a fantastic driver. He’s got tons of skill now, he just makes some rookie mistakes and needs to work on his quali times
My brother bring me here. And still dont understand what i see.
Lewis gets two 5-sec penalty and still ends up 3rd
I went to sleep at about lap 26
Bottas is a great driver when there are no team orders
This is ridiculous by Hamiltons team they've cost him 2 wins in three races... 😔
Still we rise
This is how racing should be.
There are "people" in the grand stands!
I'm not Hamilton fan, but 10s penalty for that and Leclerc puts another driver into the wall and nothing?  What a joke. Next time make someone from Ferrari as CIO of F1...
Pérez: not bad for a number 2 driver eh?
Lewis didnt want to win his 91 gp in russia. He is waiting for germany. Doesn't give up a win that easy
My boy Gasly is ON FIRE
Excelente checo 🏁🏁🏁🏁🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽🇲🇽
So sad to see the legendary ferrari getting destroyed like this.
Why they put lando pit in lap 45 instead lap 51/52 for fastest laps and go soft tyre
Pastor Maldanado of the day: Carlos Sainz
Does VTB means Valteri Bottas?
Did Charles LeClerk receive a drivers penalty and time penalty for ruining Lances race?
Well, at least the Mercedes switched this time
Ferrari no power...👎👎👎👎👎
So what if Hamilton gets a race ban? Big whoop 🙄
Albon Norris and Russell at the back were like: Ayy boys lets race together for once
The best thing that could happen to F1 is having Hamilton and Verstappen on the same team.
Albon on his Red Bull career : I'm moving upside down like a Roller-coaster
It's weird seeing fans again.
Can anybody explain to me what is practice start violation?? pleaaseee
I missed the race. Would someone care to explain Hamilton's penalty? TIA
Os sainz already racing for Ferrari?
Looks like Putin was angry at Lewis
Is Hamilton going to blame the penalties on racism?
Saintz is getting ready for ferrari!
onboard of verstappens 1st  few corners please
To whom it my concern!
That little Hamilton vs Vettel moment was just........sad.
Penalty for racing point for not wearing your mask in a proper manner at 3:06
DO NOT LET ANYONE STOP YOU KEEP DOING WHAT YOU DOING WINNING GODBLESS YOU 🙏🏼
Russian grand prix highlights: Its lights out and away we go and Valterri Bottas comes across the line to win the Russian Grand Prix
Lewis put your head down and do what you always do WIN DO NOT LET THE RACE STEWARDS OR ANYBODY
So why is it that Verstappen can run off the track at the start and maintain position?
owh another mercedes victory. Nothing new here.
You realize that nothing interesting ever happens at the front in any of these races? Nobody cares about struggles for 7th place.
Bono: we have 2 5 second penalties. Hamilton serves penalty and finishes 3rd fia we have removed your penalties Hamilton F👿
why did ham get the penalties?
So it's not other drivers....... Hamilton has to do something to produce a different result😐😐
Put Netflix in Mercedes' garage every race
F1 becomes so boring 💤
Saint will fit in well at Ferrari lol
Дерьмовая гонка! Дерьмовое судейство!!!
5:29 Just imagine Gasly in that black beastt!!(if not replaced with albon)
Grosjean: if u can’t avoid em, brake em
I'm so done with F1
Gasly's smooth moves. Wow! Double-point finishes for AlphaTauri!
that is tighter part in the drivers, expect that wooool makes extraooooordinary tight.
To the person that he says he bets his wife,dog, and house that the order would be Ham - Ver - Bot in third...        What now
bottas king of Russia
Boring race
Daddy's cash doesn't give you speed and talent.        Just saying!😏
Keep going Valtteri !
91 FK
And how about battle between Kvyat and Ocon on the final lap in highlights?
Wow.... What a highlights clip... With those super Europeans/Asian drivers fighting for 9th position. Bunch of 💩 just for the views!!!!
Can we take a moment to appreciate Leclerc? He was amazing today and now 7th on the championship in that awful Ferrari.
King Hamilton 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼
👍👍👍👍👍
Lewis’s points penalty has been dropped. Let’s goooo
here we go with more bs penalties
0:58 what a cRRRRRRunch
Pre-race briefing: 'Okay, Carlos. If you run wide at turn 1, you'll need to drive through the wall and the polystyrene markers.'  Carlos: Lost interest after wall*
Russell 9/10 on motorsport
Bottas is nothing but a classless and average driver.  That comment after the race was unnesecary and he only won as Hamilton was served with 2 penalties.  If he can’t take criticism from the media, then his performance and results should be better. 4th season with Mercedes and he hasn’t improved. Before today, 8 races without a win, says it all
Typical can’t play buy the rules. I’m not surprised that they didn’t tell the leading driver to let him through.
3:55 whaatt a squeeze!!
4:21 that moment when camera man found his cousin Marshall standing behind the grill Gave up on following racing cars for focussing on his cousin
what a boring race! Only midfield we have emotion
F1 needs to be rid of these awful Disney tracks
BAU BAU BAU....
Ocon vs kvyat ??
Sack Albon and give job to Perez in Red Bull.
Formula 1 is now just a bunch of grown-up kart racers in oversized karts ... WKA
No team radio after Bottas' win? IIRC we got to listen to almost every "Get in there" in the highlights-reel.
WOW..Ferrari’s are just slow...especially Vettel’s
When the fia is trying to prevent hamiltons dominance poor sport has gone to the dogs
What a crrrrrrrrrrunch
Gasly>Albon
I don't understand albon's strategy
Didn't expect that from a future Ferrari driver, he was tooo fast to control his car, copying Hamilton is not as easy as he thought!
VALERIE BOTOX!!!
Carlos Sainz after finished 2nd one race and all high mighty. Yelling, that is the reason why Ferrari signed him. HAHA
Ngl I fell asleep watching from like lap 25-40
F1 HAMboring time zzzzz
That gap Albon...
I miss Rosberg man... Bottas is straight up no2 driver
Just another staged race. Why don't they just let them race instead of trying to put on a pantomime?
Iam seriously saying that now f1 is the most borring sports in the world. Now mercedes are always winning easily without any competion. If any mercedes driver do a mistake, that dont affects more because mercedes cars are fast. Even now hamilton can easily wins any race and people are comparing lewis with schumi. Schumi got 91 wins by fighting every match. WE CALL PEOPLE AS LEGENDS, WHEN THEY WORK HARD AND USE THIER SKILL AND BECOME CHAMPIONS.BUT LEWIS IS WINNING LIKE "SCORING GOALS WITHOUT GOALKEEPER"....SO LEWIS IS NOT SAME AS SCHUMI ....SCHUMI IS A LEGEND
and where is the next "star" of aston martin for 2021???  Perez is 4th....
Congratulations!!!!!!!!!    Mr BOTTAS!!! ^^
Max tried but the finnish won
Tão roubando o Lewis Hamilton
Mercedes guys clearly not happy about Bottas winning on the pit wall there.
that donkey is ferrari's new driver...
Everyone: *probably scream and swear in the radio when given a penalty like that and when get only the last 2 min for Q2  All F1 fans: Oh you poor man. It's understandable. Don't lose hope. It's unfair, the team's fault not yours.  Hamilton: *asks a question, swears once. And during Q2 remains calm and cool in the radio.  Some F1 fans (not really fans, just Lewis haters): So you have chosen death, you salty man. You dare get rightfully angry abt it?
Norris with a brilliant defensive driving against Albon. Superb
Stroll loves to destroy his cars....
Stroll Jajajaja!!!! go and tell your dady that Leclerc hit you..
Bravo Ferrari, this season they are extremely uncompetitive. Another effortless championship for Mercedes
Corrida chata demais, deveriam tirar do calendário o gp Russo.
New rules in the form of penalties to close the gap😂😂😂
What Sainz doing ?
Questionable and debatable penalty for Hamilton especially when it was a team error once again
Giovinazzi demonstrated that he’s a very talented driver today, he deserves a better car.
Except the start, this has been the most boring race this season so far.
3:35 Yes.
I enjoyed the race because Hamilton did not win
Within the first 45 seconds Crofty says that Carlos spun, which sure is correct, but he actually really crashed/dnf'ed. Then is accused Stroll of a mistake off of the curbs, which was not at all his fault. Can we please get a different commentator for F1 who doesn't just assume things the first time around and someone who can actually calm his voice so he isn't at the top of his register?
Congrats to Bottas but Lewis got cheated.  Stewards pulled a card out of their a** so they can have a reason to penalize Lewis.  What better day to do it than on the day where he would have tied Shumacher's record.  Don't give up Lewis, you got this.
Officials stole the 1st position from Hamilton
Danny Ric's podium was so close again
If stroll took out leclerc like that you wouldn't hear the end of it
I love how according to certain people Hamilton is automatically a sore loser for complaining about anything, yet when Max or someone else has a emotional tirade over the radio it’s always justified.
Botas was given the race by merc
did bottas get different tyres now. did it work?
せますぎやろ
Wieder einmal extrem spannend... ... .... ..... immerhin hat Vettel einen Renault lange hinter sich gehalten👍🏻🤦🏻‍♂️😂
Crofty is getting rusty
Gasly > Albom  Try to change my mind.
Bottas wins: +1 point Verstappen ahead of Hamilton: +1 point Hamilton got 10s penalty: +2 points Hamilton finishes 3rd: -1 point Total gain: +3 points
🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷💚💛💚💛💚💛🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
🥱😑🥱😑🥱🥱🥱😴😴😴😴😴😴😴
Mercedes stuck a knife on Hamilton by taking the penalty on his only stop Lewis was right to question why it wasnt added at the end of the race that way he would have finished 2nd minimum
And the best part of the race: Lewis Hamilton crying that rules that are made for everyone are actually made to stop him because he is a Special Snowflake.
Bottas won, Verstappen on podium, Hamilton got penalty. Everyone loved that
That's all part of Sainz masterplan for Ferrari cancel his contract.
i dont know but the new commentator is kinda cringe.
They robbed lewis
The fact that Norris was able to defend his position from Albon for a long while says a lot. We're literally talking about a Redbull not getting past a McLaren
That bollard to go around on turn 1 seems a bit unsafe. Also what kind of line is that at 5:25 lost sooo much time.
\
Did no one notice leclerc p6 finish
Albon back to his usual self. Miles off it.
Leclerc haciendo milagros en Ferrari!!
Bottas was really fast today and did perfect job. Bottas would have won even without the penalty.. His tyre plan was better.
Mercedes did a Ferrari today, however still won the race
Can David Croft get a new high scream voice? Have to mute him every time the race starts.
Se le resiste la victoria 91 a Hamilton y una pena Carlos,el error de hoy le perjudicara en el Mundial
Me: I really hate when Hamilton wins over and over, just nerfed/overpowered. Bottas: wins for merc* Me: Not bad, kid.
How can bottas be gassed like that, he got done 0.6 in quali and even got beaten by verstappen and got gifted a race win
Rapid fire penalties needs to go away.
Just put grass or gravel after turn 2
When the Russian GP wasn't actually THAT boring
QUE PRETENDE LA F.I.A??..CON ESA PENALIDAD DE 10SEGUNDOS.... INCREÍBLE
Can someone please tell me why Verstappen was driver of the day ?
Albon George and Norris were the highlights of the race
How did this get 7 mins of highlights
Poor Stroll 2nd race in a row where crashes out and it isn't even his fault.
its like an unbeatable record from schuhmacher :D
EXCELLENT AND EXPERIENCE WORK NASEER QATAR DAKAR RALLY  ..  QATAR AIRWAYS
EXCELLENT AND EXPERIENCE WORK NASEER QATAR DAKAR RALLY  ..  QATAR AIRWAYS
Sometimes I feel like hamilton hired crofty hired crofty
Hey guys, im new to F1 and i love it, but didn’t Sergio Perez supposed to get 3rd place? Lewis hamilton had a 10 sec penalt, the gap between them was around 8 secs.
red bull should dump alex to alpha tauri and get perez. he's always been a pretty solid driver
the highlights present battle for 14th and 8-9th place. what a miserable sport this has become...
Sainz driving boom² car
Are Ferrari fanboys ready for Hamilton to officially be the best driver of all time?
Where's Brundle?
Imagine celebrating after winning 2 races all year whilst ur teammate gets 3 race ruining time penalties in 2 out the last 3 races yet in both occasions finishes two places behind you whilst simultaneously wiping the floor with u, having nearly a two race win advantage over you in the championship and winning 6/9 races so far  Let’s not forget, in a stupidly dominant Merc
Please cancel Russian GP from calendar. It's such a dull track. It not only provides incredibly boring races, it's also terrible scenery.
That' was some bs from the stewards not gonna lie.
Hamiltons engineer - "Lewis we have a time penalty" Lewis - "moan, moan,moan" Riccardo engineer - "We have a time penalty" Danny - "Okay i'll drive faster"
The big mistake RB made was depending too much on MAX. had they kept RIc and Max , they could have been a serious constructor championship contender
At Ricciardo's rate, he'll be 4th or 5th in the championship....
Gasly to redbull?????
Rookie mistake by Sainz honestly, he is not a rookie anymore tho
If Russell fending off a McLaren and  Red Bull in a Williams doesn't show he deserves the Mercedes seat yet what does, brilliant driver
0:58 what a crunch i love it
Anyone knows what was the betting odd for Bottas? I told my dad he was gonna win this but didnt look at the bet. And i cant find it anyway either
Another masterpiece by Leclerc, sixth with a semi-truck
I'm here because F1 meme
remarkable Sergio Perez
Hamilton: This is the most ridiculous penalty i've ever seen! Vettel at Canada 2019: Am I a joke for you?
5 seconds penalty. Hamilton: “crying” ridiculous! They r racists.  Ricciardo: ok I’ll drive faster
Gasly my man u did a great a job, take that seat back mate
I'm surprised that there are 7 minutes of "highlights" from this race, almost fell asleep watching this
a bit disappointed with Ric. He had fantastic practice sessions.
lights out and asleep we go but for no ironically - If Hamilton crash with somebody(probaply Albon) on next weekend, he need to get pause for one weekend
hamilton got 10 seconds off his time and still came 3rd... dissaponting
Stroll when he crashed:     D: Pérez when Stroll crashed:     c:
Sainz is so overrated he's going to love his Ferrari sbinella.
FIA: 10 sec time penalty for Lewis~(blaaa..) Lewis: that's ridiculous FIA: You're too fast, couldn't let you win too much Lewis: Challenge accepted…And I'm get back to the podium
Expecting another new winner and get frustrating...
Can someone explain why Hamilton got a penalty? I haven’t heard of that?
Gasly smoking Albon at the end.. Why is Albon in F1😂
I like when  hamilon got penalty
Hamilton is a Diva!
Please get rid 0f stroll bring back checo for 2021
ZzZzZzZzZzZ
So close checo but yet so far for that podium
Charles leclerc P6💙
Congrats to the F1 channel because they're able to show a 7 minute highlights video in a race that was boring
albon its a shame
No penalty for a Ferrari crashing into Stroll....  “Yeah but I understeered cos of Perez”  Unintentional understeer hasn’t stopped drivers previously being unpunished. LH in Hungary against Albon this year and locking up and under steering into Ricciardo in Hungary some years ago.  So no excuse really for the stewards.  I note there’s a former Ferrari driver on the stewards roster today. Coincidence? Not a chance.
Can somebody explain the Ham penalty? What’s practice start?
It’s always a boring day whenever Mercedes wins
LeClerc would have definitely got a penalty if he wasn't in a Ferrari....Such a sorry state of F1 today. Unsurprisingly after resp Charlie's hanging the gloves, the clowns have taken over in F1.... Not to mention, Ferrari pet, Dom, taking over next year.  Unsubsidized.....
Martin "I'm not watching if Hamilton's not gonna win" Brundle
Bottas is 44 points behind Lewis in the driver's standing. He might take this if he tries harder.
Finally the FIA doing some proper race officiating instead of doing "whats best for business"....A multiple flaymboyant British WDC.................
Practice start pinalty TWICE, have been watching for 30 years, never hear that, What pinalty is that??
Por que le capan el coche a checo
Boring race tbh
really happy for Botas
Its just funny to see someone getting a 10 sec penalty yet finishing third.  F1 is a true competition alright😒😒🙄..
sorry guys there are missing SOOOO many scenes of the race. There was so much happening and only so little has made it into the highlights. There where races where you have created 12min highlights without anything happening... why only 7min here??
What a crunch that was
Estão tentando de qualquer jeito derrubar Lwis Haminton
Why is he yelling constantly??? What a pain to listen to!!
The FIA is going after Hamilton in any way they can. Yes there are rules I get it. So blame goes to Mercedes engineers for not expanding. But at the same time why didn’t Max get a penalty.? Then stern new rules for podium due to the shirt he was wearing 🤦🏽‍♂️
And these are supposedly the best race car drivers in the world????
Lewis trying to match Schumachers record Botas: not if I have anything to say about it
Didn't get for what Hamilton got the penaltys
Bottas::Get in there guys. Lewis race eng:: is he poking me... 😀😂😂
Racing point: This an upgrade for you Stroll Stroll: Practice=Crash, Race=Crash with his own fault
If Lewis hasn't claimed penalty he's cap could be 12.729 to bottas.
Sport rewards those who work the hardest. What FIA wants is Hollywood.
please pierre... dont go to redbull, we like to see you racing
anddd mercedes won in russia again...
No caso do Leclerc e Stroll no mimino deveria ter sido investigado 🤔
1:32 IT'S HAMMER TIME
James: Valtteri, its James Valtteri: .... James: Hamilton got 10 sec. time penalty Valtteri:  *Giornos Theme Intensifies*
3:32 Just how slow is Vettel's car anyway?
0:58 "What a crrrrrrunch that was"
What an interesting race As for a thing i love to see is the return of Mclaren, Ferrari, Williams and Renault being in the top teams
F1 - 2020 has become super Boring. It's No longer  entertaining and it's very predictable.
What even happened to vettel today?
Well Netflix were filming Mercedes this weekend for DTS. At least they will still get a juicy episode lol.
I wasn’t able to watch as it started at 4 AM where I’m live, can someone explain to me why Alvin was so far back? Did he take damage and have to pit early?
Now can you please stop saying that whenever it's about Hamilton or Merc FIA goes blind?
Sorry Lewis you were a victim today. The win will come next time
6:09 Nice mittens Totto.
Schumacher  VS Hamilton ?  Noooo   Hamilton vs   Fia  commissioners
Top
Gran turismo sport online of the day: Stewards
F1 needs to consider what tracks they include without any politics involved. Without going for the max money. Because it is hurting F1. Russia among others is just to boring. They need to invest in tracks before they are build far more. They need to have the power to build tracks around the world with the only purpose to make tracks that are exciting and difficult. Where drivers will make mistakes because of it. Where the talent of a driver has more influence on the outcome.  I was bored today, again. Midfield battling? Yeah on just one straight.  I am not an expert so what i say might be totally of , but this comes to my mind when is experience a race like this. Look at your description, controversy and drama are the headlines. Meaning Hamilton`s penalty`s and some crashes in the first lap. Not the racing itself in the rest of the 50+ laps. Does that not say something?
FIA: Any penalty to make Lewis Lose
You get penalty if you join track without going through bollards...but no penalty for liclic giving a big hit to driver and ending his race...it's big yoke...
Driver of the day: The wall that jumped in front of the Carlos "one-handed" Sainz car's
And no penalty for Grosjean..🙄😒
The commissioners did not punish Maxx V. for going straight on purpose and at very high speed and this is very clear, because no one forced him to do that and take advantage and overtake Renault. They turned a blind eye.
They was always going to do their very best to make sure he couldn’t win here
Trust me on this... listening to what Horner said earlier, and reading between the lines, along with what Perez said post race - Albon will be dumped for Perez for the second 2021 Red Bull seat.
Hamilton got exactly what he deserves. He should be concentrating on what he is paid to do ,which is driving, instead of social activism. He has always been a crybaby. I thought he would have grown out of that by now. Very disappointed in Botas too. I thought he had more class than that outburst after the race.
Hamilton caught cheating again
Hamilton got robbed big time. Shameful.
Gasley is becoming more stable than ever.
Norris defended so well, considering that his tyres were that old! He was so confident on the brakes against Albon
it will be miracle for lewis to make up that 10 seconds.
Lando's defence driving against Albon and Gasly was superb! Brave defending by the guy.
0.27-0.30..that was one of the best part of this highlights..all this cars was so much grippiest even at their high speed on that corner..im so amazed..
Crashlos Sainz.
max is the most talented driver in f1
Wanna make F1 exciting? Just totally ignore the Mercs, act like they don’t exist. The rest of the racing is amazing
Pensa em um campeonato sem graça nenhuma ! Ninguém passa ninguém, ninguém pressiona ninguém, parece cortejo funerário, vai o carro funerário na frente e o resto vai atrás ! Pensa numa coisa chata ! Sem graça ! Pior qie eu perco meu tempo assistindo !
I dunno, the Mercedes' crew reaction to Bottas finishing first instead of Hamilton speaks volumes to me...
Sainz crash was painful to watch
How liclic escaped penalty for that whack...it's not even overrtaking situation...
Bottas can easily win the next race, just tell Lewis its ok to practice starts at the same place, get him more penalties and Bottas takes a free win!
Gods I hate Mercedes
You should focus on your penalty system. Why did Charles not get any penalty for driving without seatbelts? Or the crash with stroll? And also you should investigate over Mika salo
Someone else gets a penalty and complains: Some f1 fans: That’s understandable  Lewis Hamilton gets a penalty and complains:  Some F1 fans: Stop complaining stop whining
Russel deserves more than this. Give him a Merc and see what he can do.
Lame
All Refs are BS in all sports
Russell Vs Norris Vs Albon is very eye catching. Rookies Fight and in few years time we gonna see them fight for the championship real tight.
Hamilton went from p10 to p3, u can’t say that is luck
Where's the next race?
Bottas..yes!!
Can anyone tell me why Alex is so far behind Max? I feel as if they have different cars altogether!!
Don't understand the penalties for Lewis. What happened
Chandhok > Brundle
Not sure I understood Ferrari's strategy with Vettel. What was the point of taking him in so late and then put hard tyres on?
Sainz crash was like in an f1 game😂
To whom it may concern...
Sainz going around the bollards: Hm, why is Scatman's World playing?
Hamilton: *gets 2 penalties* Also Hamilton: *finishes on the podium*
How wasn't this crash between lec and stroll even an investigation???
Sainz was just testing if the f1 game physics are the same in real life 😅😁
This race is yet another evidence of something extremely wrong with the 2nd red bull car....definitely!
When gasly was in red Bull he was always in 5 /6/7 position or 4 th Évry body in réd Bull says He s not in the level of red Bull then albon he's thé 10 or 9 they say he's improving and in 2019 remember that Ferrari was fast
I don't know how they manage to have a video of highlights for seven minutes
When gasly was in red Bull he was always in 5 /6/7 position or 4 th Évry body in réd Bull says He s not in the level of red Bull then albon he's thé 10 or 9 they say he's improving and in 2019 remember that Ferrari was fast
The most boring podium for the 6th time this season.
I know the second Red Bull driver usually underperforms but Albon is just not cutting it.
Russian GP Sponsored by Valterri T Bottas
The only person capable of defeating Hamilton is Hamilton.
Commentator of the Day: Karun Chandhok
Bored race
Eso es todo Checo. Con todas las deficiencias intencionadas. Sobresales ante todo. Felicitaciones Checo.
Fantastic Bottas! Congratulation! @F1 🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷😎😎😎😷😷😷🇧🇷🇧🇷🇧🇷
Did anyone realise that the seats are full with fans?
ORGANIZERS: Audiences are tired of you winning, so we will add penalties until you can't. HAMILTON: We'll protest. ORGANIZERS: This is Russia. You've heard of “Novichok”? HAMILTON: Third place will be fine this week, thanks.
4:31 why tf did GRO turn left again?
Hamilton: I need to equal Schumacher's record Stewards: Not today
The team seems very happy for Perez, that's why they fired him I guess...
FIA hands out 5 seconds penalties likes it’s the Oprah show
Top 10 Greatest F1 rivalries of all time: Hamilton vs FIA
This race had more penalty checks than Manchester United
WHEN Sochi was more watchable than Belgium   Gasly is making boring raves intrestio
I really want to see Stroll  start, he was behind perez half lap. Jesus saying that this has no talent is pure stupidity.
The battle between Norris ,Albon and Gasly was amazing!!
Who watching this in Miami
1:00 that wall at that place is a joke
VTB for Bottas.
Hopefully it not “Its lights out and away we thank you for all your hardwork “ yariyara
Funny how these penalties keep popping up these days but say what he's still the best on the grid. Hamilton will be at the top
Pérez yeahhh
Boooo this series is boaring may aswell call it the mercedes championship   Maybe they put lewis in a williams then see if hes the worlds best cos hes not
Fia + Michael Schumacher = 10 second penalty for Lewis Hamilton
!!!
What a pass by Checo on Ric! That was nice!
so why did leclerc not get a penalty for taking stroll out?
Can we get a "Magnussen charge through the field" video
CHECO!!!,....always a master of race pace!
Checo 👏👏👏
All Valtteri needs to win is for Netflix to be recording Lewis on the weekend.
Grosjean went through the bollards alright
3:37 Ocon is ahead of Hamilton, Hamilton is ahead of Ocon who's behind Hamilton and Hamilton is ahead of Sebastian Vettel
4:31 Grosjean deciding to avenge Sainz for the bs narrow re-entry path
The only thing that can beat Hamilton are Penalties
bottas kaka
Norris, Gasly and  Albon...we need more battles like that
Up until now the race has started 24hours and 10 minutes after the start of qualifying. This race is only 23hours and 10 minutes after qualifying therefore I missed the start. Danké. Must pay more attention.
Why did Hamilton get penalized?
Finally i can see how fast this things are
Hace años que la f1 es una real cagada de aburrida viendo ganar a los mismos de siempre.
"Hamilton does something that deserves a penalty" Hamilton fans: HE SHOULD GET A WARNING THIS IS BS "Anyone else does something that deserves a penalty" Hamilton fans: 100% deserved
Verstappen move on ricciardo at the start was amazing i dont know why they didnt showed it
Why no penalty/investigation for leclerc for hitting stroll? 🤔🤔
3:42 look at the diversity of colors in those positions 🤩
why ricciardo gets 5 seconds penalty? anyone explain?
Everyone sBinnala at ferrari master blan
Perez delivered for his team as much as he could even without the upgrades
Someone explain what happened with Lewis.....
I love how Stroll's season is going since the BS announcement... just makes me all fuzzy inside
checo & max will be great for 2021
So, double 5 menit is actually reverse racing in another word.
Somebody call the waaaambulance for poor Lewis 😩 🚑
As Hamilton has a 10 second penalty added to the end of his race doesn't that mean that technically Perez is on pole
Showering Hamilton with penalties seems to be the only ''PLOT'' the '' FIA'' is left with. Pathetic indeed.
Best worst position for norris this season ......P15
All the saboteurs and hatred yet still gets 3rd place!  Been there done that. He'll get kicked outta a race soon for sure but will still win the championship.  Welcome to life as a high value BM. Keep it moving Ham!! ! WE ARE MORE THAN CONQUERS IN CHRIST WHO STRENGTHENS US!👍🏾
So sad for Pérez, he coul do a lot more with the upgrades Stroll is crushing time after time
Mercedes killing to F1
Perez has been carrying the team on his shoulders for WEEKS now
I think Albon is lucky that RB quickly changed drivers earlier and that never had the desired effect. This season they finish 2nd in the Constructors' Championship, but next season if Ren. and Mcl. with 2 cars it gets difficult. If I were Dr. Marko I would bring G. Russel or L. Norris to RB, because the two would demand Max and so get the last tenths out of him. You can hear Y. Tsunda, who is supported by Honda, moving up into F1. But I think he will take a seat next to Gasly in the Alpha Tauri.
3:26 a tractor vs supercar starts here
FIA knows the only way to stop Hamilton from winning is by handing him a penalty.
Gasly and Russell proving their worth
I missed the race, what/why Hamilton stopped after the pit exit during the race?
Albon should just move to alphatauri and red bull should just have max in red bull. They are going to really hurt albons growth with this car
Can’t believe the stupidity of the “wanna be funny” comments that “people” write. Losers
Been watching F1 for 30+ years. Even worked in one of the teams for 3 years. But I'm struggling to enjoy it at the moment.
How easily Hamilton went past Vettel... The times have changed.
Hamilton was in 9th place and in the next clip he is in third lol
Perez definitely deserves a drive with a team fighting near the front!
I just don't get why the narrator alwas has to shout all the time
yawn
FIA at its best to keep that Ferrari golden boy record untouched.
Finally, We can say that the Russian Grand Prix Was A Great Race
Red Bull need to replace Albon, he is slower than my nan after her mid day nap!
Can we appreciate how clean Kvyat raced during that race? He gave space and kept his moves clean in a way that reminded me of Kimi, he really deserved those points
Sainz was the greatest Flop this Weekend
HaMiLtOn iS sO LuCkY
Awful commentary again.
Max missed a massive oppurtunity here but he's only got himself 2 blame, Bottas caught him cold on the start...his own worst enemy it seems
hahahaaa bottas will win the wdc.
60 segs penalty for lewis hamilton, 1500 segs penalty for lewis hamilton, 5500 segs penalty for lewis hamilton... Against everything and everyone, Lewis will be champion this year, they can even suspend him from 1 race, Lewis against the system and against everything, go!
Carlos is s🅱️inning a lot after his announcement at ferrari.
I know a driver wins and loses as a team, but without the two Mercedes technical call errors in three races, Hamilton would have just surpassed Schumacher’s wins today. I know he was starting on the soft, but his tyre management abilities and running the majority of the race in front, I believe his hard tyres would have held up against the slightly younger hards of Bottas and Max. A real shame.
In your face strolls!!! 😁😁
pretty boring race
Nobody gonna mention how much more Perez deserves the Aston Martin seat.
BORING F1🥱
1:58 Russell, Norris and Albon fighting in P16, 17 and 18, Russell be like "welcome to the thunder dome boys"
Russell, Albon and Norris racing is the best thing this year.
Carlos.... remember you are going to drive for FERRARI.
Question, Hamilton got 10s penalty. Why isn't Perez 3rd?
4 Hondas in the top 10! Vtech kicked in yo 🥳
GEORGEEE, let me pass
FIA trying hard to make the season more exciting
the pace ham has is so unbelievable
Albon's unimpressive work continues.
Only way to stop Hamilton from winning is by giving bogus penalties ....and still he will rise ✊
Bottas pipeing up after being handed a win by the stewards without any challenge ... Just wow
So nobody hon’ talk about how people Albon was fighting a williams
its allowed to have spectator now?
What a KRONCH that was.
What excuse has Albon today?
Is it just me or do the cars seem faster?
Sebastian getting the treatment Kimi got  Race Engineer to Seb: Kimi hold up the cars behind so Sebastian can get ahead after his stop  Also race Engineer: Sorry Sebastian I meant can you hold up the cars behind so charles can get in front
And racing point are keeping stroll.....🤦‍♂️
4:44 to 6:00 this is why I love F1.
Well, this was probably the best Russian GP we've ever had. Seriously
How can any driver go through the bollards in turn 2? They're way too narrow!
Lewis losses so many fans by his terrible baby reactions when he doesn't win. So rude in the interviews post race too when he can't admit he lost and doesn't answer their questions. Ultimate sore loser. The sooner he leave F1 the better.
Perez still deserves a seat in F1, super driver and super drive today!
didnt get hamilton a 10sec penalty?
Lance stroll crashes his car so he get's perez car and perez is stuck with the bad car. Perez still outqualifies him by over a second, then Stroll crashes on the first lap. What a pathetic excuse for a formula 1 driver.
If only albon starts a bit higher with his overtaking ability the top half racing would be nice.
Verstappen would win if he wouldnt mess up the start
The sensors will love the Nurburgring 😂
Hamilton was robbed. This was race was BS! I'm glad I didn't watch it live.
Smooth Operator
Not tge biggest into f1. Practice penalty?
Just an opinion. Charles should've gotten a penalty for that incident with Lance Stroll. He effectively ended someone's race like the one he did to Max last year at Japan.
Ok moaners, now LH will have a race ban. Are you now happy that u now have an artificial fight for the title?
What a performance by Checo, I am so happy for him after the tough time he has had. 👏
Is it true Racing Point Driving The Winning Cars of 2019 Over-painted Mercedes?
why hamilton got 10 seconds time penalty???????????
Track seems to be very dusty.
Thats it for Albon
I had to laugh, Grosjean was shown as fastest lap for a while, whilst under safety car, sums him up tbh.
Sochi never fails to provide absolute boring races !
Bottas always loves Russia
Yeeeesss Bottas.  (To whom it may concern ......)
Never realised how much better the YouTube comments section is compared to twitter
... it is NOT Lewish ... it is NOT Bottash ... and it is certainly NOT Max Vershtappen!
10 Sec penalty What a joke😂😂😂P3
So first they don't tell Lewis that the pit lane is closed and in Russia they tell him to go on with a practice start in a live part of the race? Mercedes are taking notes from Ferrari's pit i see
Lance TROLL 💩
Albon took forever to overtake a williams
Last year or the year before Magnussen complained that he couldn't go through the turn 3 bollards after running wide because of the high chance of either losing to much time, or hitting the wall. Today Carlos Sainz was in a similar position and he hit the wall. Those turn 3 bollards are dangerous if you run wide later. We also saw Romain Grosjean go straight through them because of similar  incident later in the race.
3 cars battling it out on one corner so let's jst leave it on the lead car in car view for 30 seconds
Skip this track 🥱 so boring
Carlos Sainz and Lance Stroll was crashed into barrier?!
norris, albon, and gasly was lit 🔥
3 best friends Fighting
@4:19 two trailerpark girls go.......?
Deja de beber Carlos!!!! No salgas tanto 😔
Boring race, trash track.
How poetic would it be if Lewis takes Schumacher's record at the German Grand Prix can't wait!
Hamilton must be bored of no one challenging him so has decided to throw some spanner’s in the works.
Two 5 second penalties for Hamilton: And the winner is? Russian book makers.
Still say Lewis is lucky
Im so confused how a safe practice start gives you 2x5 second penalties
FIA.. how do we slow down Lewis..?  Let him start 10sec behind..
The red tractor got P6 thanks to the other one
FIA is a joke
Carlos's crash was pretty similar to the gp2 crash of Arthem Markelov in 2015
How to beat hamilton Bring Austria, bring Monza, bring sochi repeat them twice 😂😂
Man Vettel  can't buy a top ten finish
F1
F1 getting bored???
How they made to put 7 minutes of video
Pole
Indian accent guy got to go!
IM TELLING U GUYS THE NETFLIX CREW FOLLOWING U AROUND IT BAD LUCK. 😂😂😂
I'm just here to see what the racists and haters are saying.
0:38 crofty yelling nonsense
Always remember how much money goes into these races. Sometimes things don't happen bc of the driver but bc the money is telling them to do or act or let something happen that might fill someone who is powerful pockets.
Those bs penalties have nothing to do with racing and the punishment is way to disproportionate to the fault. They are just another way to take point out of Hamilton and stop him from winning the races.
Carlos? Pronto.
Way too many mistakes by Mercedes and Hamilton. Not that I'm complaining
Its been a long time since I’ve fallen asleep during a race
I really didnt get it about sainz crash🧐
0:58 what a CRRONCH that was.
Why did Lando had to pit in Lap 1? Tire damage?
Thank you
Seb doing charles some favour😉😉
Hamilton 10 secondes penalty, bottas winner !
Looks like Ferrari is replacing a sbinnala with another sbinnala
Was it a 10 Second hold in pits or 10 seconds added to race time? They said added to race time and he only finished 8 seconds ahead of Perez? I'm really confused.
Same car One fighting with Mercedes One fighting with Williams
ALBON IS TRASH
The comments section is way more interesting than the race itself.
Why is no one talking about the fact that Charles managed to score decent points with his "car"...
I wish these races were just a bit longer. 60 laps would've been fun.
Hamilton now leading the penalty points scoreboard, gotta win them all.
Boooooring
Never thought I would hear the "To whomever it may concern" radio again
That moment when you realise Bottas and Verstappen have the same amount of F1 wins in their careers...
Racing Point must be going crazy rn letting perez go hes been out performing lance stroll in the last couple of races.
wew
How do they not know they can’t do practice starts?
So Hamilton will equalise Schummacher's 91 wins in Schummacher's home... How ironic.
MAKE RED BULL GASLY AGAIN
Legleg one minute slower than the winner.
Utter joke
El adelantamiento mas perro de checo sorprendente
Penalty to stop Hamilton wining what a boring race. They did it when he was a rookie. No wander this equality
Racing point middle name gonna be "disgrace" seeing perez performance n hope he finally gets the new upgrades next week.
Lucky bottas
VTB = ValTerri Bottas?
Shame on F1 for sabotaging Lewis. You hate him for no reason at all. Come out clear and say why why why
Gasly should be back in Red Bull after the win in Monza and finishing ahead of Albon so many times.
Once again the FP and qualifications were just boring useless drama for a well known result during the race
Lol albon vs gasly
Mugello :stroll riding bike Sochi:stroll riding bike Lance:🤦🏻‍♂️
Guess that's one way to guarantee Hamilton doesn't win, but not enough to keep him off the podium.
The fourth major blunder from the Mercedes crew this season: 1. Wrong tyre strategy at the end of the first Austrian GP which made them vulnerable and could have resulted in Albon winning had he not been torpedoed by Hamilton. 2. Wrong setup and too much confidence in the longevity of the tyres at the first Silverstone GP which ruined Bottas' race and almost Hamilton's, as well. 3. Their failure to realize that the pit lane was closed at the Monza race. (Some part of the blame can be placed on Hamilton.) 4. Telling Hamilton to do today's practice starts in the wrong place, i.e. on the end of the pit lane.
Either Albon is underperforming in that car or idk really, and I hope MotoGP youtube channel is like this.
If you like bottas Please like
Checo has reached a level where even if you give him a Volkswagen Polo, and his teammate a LaFerrari, he will be like: "Bring it on".
7 minutes of race highlights, what a joke.
Well ngl kinda happy bottas won
this is russia
Please move the GP to Igora Drive
Where Is ferrari?
4:47 this is what we want to see other than Hamilton cruising alone ahead
no way verstappen has the same car than albon
Brilliant Lewis, fia will try anything to stop you being the best F1 driver of this generation. Your will come. Once again well done and we’re all standing together 👍🏼👍🏼
At the same time he says "can esteban ocon get out ahead of LWH  ? " he was overtaking Vettel 😂😂😂  5s + 5s penalty  🤔  Ridiculous
Black tires matter
I like how Verstappen almost slides out the last turn before the finish line 😂😂😂
Max verstappen should have won😔😔😕😕😟😟🙁🙁😵😵🥴🥴😮😯😯😲😲😳😳🥺🥺😦😧😥😥😢😱😖😣😫😫😓😞😤😡😠
Watching norris and albon figth reminds me of their streams
BORIIIING
After win Bottas: to whom it may concern f<×k you  Porridge man is back
Theory :  Difference in points between LH and VB is 44 Difference in points between LH and MV is 77 Coïncidence?
Another proof that Albon is trash
So disappointed for the Renault drivers, they deserve so much more
Gap in drivers championship points between Bottas & Hamilton is currently 44 points...  Gap between Bottas & Verstappen is 33 points...
So Valtteri did it on purpose to qualify 3rd
Bottas now has just as many victories as Verstappen, right? Nice win, but still really bad stats, considering the car he is driving..
same three, boring for me.
How can Kimi fighting with Williams
Can't wait for the race in Nurburgring
Did they make Albon's car out of cardboard? Why is he so slow at times??
Let's go Valtteri!! 💪
Albon's performance is such a mess 🤦‍♂️
I don't think anyone wants to fill 2nd at Red Bull if Max stays. Max is stretching the car onto the podium. When Hamilton retires so will Mercedes unless they get Max.
A quick idea. Can you also make an extended highlights?
Albon is horrible give up that car!!!
A fight between Albon and Norris seems like they have their own race
Put Norris or Russell in that Merc. Seat along side Lewis. It is just pointless see great Merc. Drivers in back of grid.
No cap Sainz and Stroll are pretty unlucky right now
Crofty: "Plenty of time to sort them selves out. (Massive Volume jump) BOTTAS IS GOING ROUND THE OUTSIDE PF HAMILTON".
Shouldn't Perez also have gotten a 5 sec penalty? Seems like he ran over the sausage kerb on lap 1 and didn't go through the bollards?
What the heck is albon doing?
Valteri..💯
Albon is useless.
I ❤️ stroll
What was Carlos thinking?
Mercedes F1 performance This year's championship as it stands: 100% point-scoring finishes 90% podium finishes 80% race win rate 70% double podium finishes  30% 1-2 finishes   Where does it rank in 'Most dominant Mercedes year'?
I love seeing Checo so consistent I hope Red Bull signed him (there is a small percentage but I hope it happens)
Sainz sees Verstappen cut through the bollards cleanly. "Hold my cerveza"
Thank you for posting this version
S🅱️ainz practising Master🅱️lan, Leclerc improve Master🅱️lan by infecting someone else doing S🅱️inalla
Carlos sainz is so funny 😁😂😂
My two favorite people in F1 Gasley and Albon going head to head was awesome!
Max: I’ve gone off, I’m in the gravel, oh hang, no I’m not, they make this so easy I didn’t even lose a position.
Bottas went over the sausage curb in turn 1 on lap 1 why no penalty?
Somehow Seb and Ham did came across each other in the race...........in the mid field Was surprised how Grosjea didn't complained about how Seb overtool him.
Two practice start violations....next time you’ll be giving him a 3 hour time penalty for being born
10 secs penalty for Hamilton didn't help Ferrari much xD
i regret watching the race live i almost fell asleep
Average finishing postion: 1) Verstappen: 2.14 2) Hamilton: 2.20 3) Bottas: 3.33 Bet you didnt expect that
Great job Bottas with the win. Also a great second place for Max. I already said it ones and will say again..., Don't worry Lewis. People like to see you struggle. People like to shut you up. About the penalty tho, the Mercedes team should've known better. So the penalty was actualy deserved. But great recovery.  Just maintain your focus champ. See you all till the next one ✌️
F1 would be nice again without mercedes
Stewards ,,,, Stewards ,,, Stewards ,,, Controversy,,, Controversy,,, Controversy... lets
Hold up...  Gasly: 1st in Monza, 1 DNF next race Sainz: 2nd in Monza, next 2 races DNF Stroll: 3rd in Monza, next 2 races DNF  So Stroll will DNF in Nürburgring?  EDIT: Don't think I've reached these much likes in a comment before.
I think sochi is already know that bottas will win this grand prix. so many VTB there and not LWH
2:10 Free and Fair Comrades, Free and Fair...
I'm confused didn't Hamilton get a 10 second penalty, so shouldn't have Perez, who was within 10 seconds, have gotten 3rd place?
I’m surprised Hamilton hasn’t complained about his time penalty’s as racist act or something 🙄
0:37 he wanted to say "big crash"
Is it just me or did it look like Mercedes didn’t celebrate at all when Bottas crosses the line for the win?
Alonso Fia Boss: "Maximum penalties"
Bro I thought Carlos just spun, but when I saw the tire detached and destroyed, I said  b r u h.
Remenber that if Vettel was not an incredible driver,stategist , ans marshal, Ham could'nt bé on pôle....just saying
bottas deserved this win
What was Sainz doing??
I was even bored watching the race hightlight
Lewis Hamilton will have equal victories as Michael Schumacher Sochi GP: Imma bout to end this man's whole carrer
Give my boy Leclerc a decent car for god's sake !! He's pushing that tractor to it's limit.
Imagine if stroll would have crashed the way sainz did people would be talking about that mistake for years But since its only sainz everyone will forget about it
Ha ha F1 trying to sabotage Hamilton’s championship, won’t work though .
b o r i n g
Gassllyyyyyyy
i dont think this was a boring race but it was the worst of the year
Lando norris vs alex albon vs George russel 3 best friends are fighting
Well...  Let's hope the nurburing delivers more excitement than this
Straight to the wall — Carlos Sainz Jr., Russian 2020.
12:30Am... Here in Australia
Y won't Mercedes celebrate bottas's as they do Hamilton's it's unfair
Who's the better driver without the capabilities of their cars, Perez or Vettel?  Well let's see if Vettel can do what Perez is doing, next season..
Leclerc makes me physically sick. Wipes a driver out and gets away with it. Once again further proof of what a mediocre driver he is but everybody too immature or in denial about him for that conversation
Love the way Karun Chandhok pronounces "crunch" 0:58
Gasly overtook a Albon in Red Bull in an Alpha Tauri  Ironic
Albon doesn't deserve a seat at RB next year when compared to Max's performances
Gasley ahead of Albon again
There it is , the crying Hamilton is back ! Ricciardo got a Penalty to and he gets for it , Hamilton blames others all the Time for his faults !!
I don't understand Stroll's car position. First he was in the inner wall, at the right. Then he appeared at the left part of the track
Twelve drivers cautioned for causing a 160+ mph, 5 car pile up in Mugello no time penalty whatsoever not even a sporting penalty (FIA caused it really but want to cover that up). Lewis does a practice start in a perfectly safe location 10 second time penalty for the race. To put in context that is the same penalty that Seb got for rejoining across the track in Monza last year genuinely dangerous. A five second worse penalty than Seb got for trying to put Lewis in the wall in Canada. On top of this unprecedented and biased penalty was it also killed dead what could’ve been an interesting race between the two merc drivers on different tyres due to something that was in no way dangerous and could’ve/ should’ve been dealt with much better with the slap on the wrist the drivers at Mugello got. Another race killed by the FIA organising. I’m watching like a hawk for someone not stopping in the defined practice spot exactly next race as I suspect will Merc be. Absolute farce wonder how many races Lewis would’ve won now with a even penalty system? Lewis has to race 19 cars and the organisers. Max wouldn’t have got a penalty today that’s just fact.
Can someone please explain what practice start violations are please?
Why no one is better than lewis in Overtaking !!! From 11th to 3rd....Amazing
Well a Mercedes won but at least it was valterri
bollard: i think Grojean hit us
Norris had fantastic race tho
That Turn 2 penalty box is downright dangerous. Look at the speed Sainz hit the barrier. But then I guess it is the Russian GP after all..
Bottas.. Proved my critics wrong! I can win a race when Hamilton gets multiple penalties! Lol.. He did drive well though
VTB really does stand for Valtteri Bottas 😅
albon is like superbad compared to verstappen
wait, so what happened with hamilton's penalties? Commentry said 10s added to racetime, he finished 8sec ahead of 4th but was still shown as 3rd place?  These highlights are really difficult to get your head around sometimes!
i think we can almost say goodbye to Albon
Straight took that race from Lewis
Mattia: Carlos, can you practice s🅱️innala? Carlos: Hold my beer!
Norris is so joy to watch. Poor Albon.
at this point, mercedes can race in reverse and still make it to the podium.  F1 hasn't been so stagnant before
Can we get a penalty for crofty for that ocan hamilton ahead behind
Ferrari strategie at its best again Vettel: 31 laps on mediums, 22 on hards Sounds logical
I don't get it. Why Lewis practice start in the middle of the race??
That must have been hard for Albon to see Gasly passing him towards the end of the race.
Get rid of this track, it’s so boring
Can anyone explain to my why Ferrari are so average now?
And Ocon is ahead of Hamilton and Hamilton is ahead of Ocon is behind Hamilton and Hamilton is ahead
Commentry?? Was that the best available or the best they could get
Its obvious Perez is the more talented driver its just that his dad doesn't own the company
When look or heard many things who hurt my intectual and inteligence dont mind to much all ready however listen here something who tease some violators. Violacion. Who won? Pirelli of course.
"To whom may concern beat that"
Hamilton: aww cmon man why did u give me a 5 second penalty  FIA: *BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE!*
Welcome back to this weeks episode of “how will Carlos Sainz get a dnf”
Sainz just smashed his car to a wall😂😂
So, Ham gets 10 sec penalty for doing something which affected no one and no one complained, ok fine, it's the rules. Ricciardo 5 secs for a going a tiny bit wide while being handed a position, ok fine, it's the rules. Leclerc drivers into Stroll so he spins and hits the wall forcing him out of the race, not even an investigation... ? OK then.
Hamilton currently has 10 points on his superlicence, meanwhile Grosjean has 0 and is still the Director of GPDA. Go figure.
Ferrari :  You take my Vettel, I take your Stroll :D
Stroll shld be fired from his own team 🤗🤗🤗
Grosjean of the day: Sainz
"We can't keep running with one leg." - Christian Horner, Team principal of Red Bull Racing, on letting Gasly go.
boring race = quick highlights
Ham missed cant enjoy more hahahha btw I don't hate ham but he missed 🥴🥴🥴
what happened to norris?
Checo Perez should go to Red Bull.. Red Bull should be fighting for podiums, not for 11th place.Well done Checo !!
You know you've made it when you sponsor your own win
Was I the only people to have instantly known that Lance has been touched by Charles ?
Where is the other Comentator?
Perez 4th  take note Mr Stroll  ,bad call letting him go
Interesting Gasly, Russel, Norris and Albon. I did not hear Leclerc on the highlights
Sainz hitting the bollard is the kind of thing everybody flashbacks in the F1 game
Praise the gods
Such a boring race
Don't know if anyone caught the supreme starts by Lance Stroll and Kevin Magnussen😲. Shame for Lance that he was taken out later
Bottas ate porridge 🥣 today morning
Russia, allways one of the most boring race.
Charles leclerc over performing this car all the time . Respect
Middle grid battles are the best
Sainz was swearing in all types of colourful Spanish after doing that
This is how they steal Hamilton's championship!
06:10 the crews look not happy and still wait for hamilton hahaha
Wow f1 is hitting real lows with these absolutely ridiculous penalties
nobody realises it Verstappen threw away this win with his bad start
Who cares about 16th spot, what was going on up at the lead? Garbage editor for this vid.
0:53 if you want to see one of the dumbest things someone has done in a f1 race... i know what he was thinking about splitting that gap, but if you get it wrong you're wasting an insane amount of money as well as a chance at points, and to top it off you get idiots in the comments section talking about how they quite literally could have driven better than you for the race and they wouldn't be wrong... yikes.
So in order to beat Hamilton they need to give him penalty after penalty...
Sooo like can someone explain Hamilton’s penalty to me. The understand it lol.
I wish that the gap was smaller so that Lewis can’t finish on the podium
All 4 Hondas are in Top 10!
4:26 I'm sad to hear this
The way Hamilton overtake vettel...😂 There was a time these two competed for p1😂
When will the investigation on Salo leaking information begin?
Norris was in points, fighting for 9 when I last took a look at the race. What happened?
Turn 2? A Joke! Verstappen goes fullspeed. Bring back gravel pits! Turn 16-18? Why making interessting turns when we can drive 90	° corners?  Horrible racetrack...   We race as one? YES!  Especially in countries like Russia, Mexico, Brazil, China, Abu Dhabi, and soon... Saudi-Arabia.
0:57 when you wrongly thought that car damage is disabled on the server
F1 might be the pinnacle of motorsport, but Crofty's commentary is abysmal, he's suffering from verbal diarrhea and his attempts at humor are farcical.  It's a real turn off for F1 fans.
1:31 Nice mask bro.
The only interesting thing about F1 is accidents
Why did Albon fall so far back at the beginning in the race? Just a bad start or was it due to that crash?
I understand Lewis' frustration 1. Last 2 penalties were team faults 2. Being told after the race starts about a penalty from Friday is tricky to handle especially because you haven't planned around your strategy for it. Why did the Stewards wait until Sunday for an incident that happened on Friday? 3. The pressure of the 91 race wins could be a bit overwhelming on the guy.  Well done to Bottas and Verstappen and especially Perez and Leclerc at this race.
Sergio Perez to Red Bull. Albon has to leave.
Roscoe II won. Surprise.
This was a great race. We usually mention it when Lewis Hamilton looses, but this time it's different.
Is it just me or was that Hamilton vs Vettel moment a flashback to a better time - a time where Seb was more competitive.
Tfw we finally got an irl Albon, Norris and Russel fight
This was probably one of the better races at the russian GP... Track is still boring af
02:38 🇲🇽🔥🔥
Zzzzzzzzzz
1:58  F2 Flashback
2:14 the perfect picture
Hamilton wins: **Pit crew goes crazy on the fence**  Bottas wins: _"And there was much rejoicing."_ **bored "yays"**
How is Albon still at RB?
Sainz YEETing his Car was one of the Season Highlights :D
Sainz is already in Ferrari mode man
Nice one to see bottas win but he must no and realise he only won because Lewis had time penalty and is still just there to help team win constructors he won’t win championship while Lewis is there 😂😂
👇 the times that Grosjean went wide on turn 2
Tough day for Vettel again hope both Ferrari score solid points next race
It turns out the race is more interesting than I expect. Not as exciting as Monza and Mugello，but definitely not the most boring race of the year(Spa surely is more boring).
Hamilton didnt win but anyway... this race was boring.
Russel, Albon, and Norris fighting for places...  F2 Flashback
Bad day for McLaren 😢
Carlos wasnt smooth into turn 2
This whole track is kinda trash
Didn't watch the whole thing, what happened for Russell to end up at the back? Pure race pace or some incident I missed? And dude what a show you'll get with McLaren, RBR & AT every single time.
Sainz's crash looked brutal
Sainz crash was funny
2019:cant overtake 2020: every could overtake
Wasnt it +10 sec on lewis' laptime?
Sad, F1 is resorting to time penalties to stop Hamilton. Every race this season feels like Hamilton vs race stewards and the rest of the pack just a F2 race....
It's honestly frustrating cause since Monza, Carlos and Lance haven't been able to score.
Vettel in quali: "I don't wanna spin in the race..." Binotto: "Ok you can do your weekend spin now if you want, you can do it now do it now"
Lap 1 Safety Car: check Random penalty to Hamilton: check Red flag restart: mssing Hamilton of the day: Bottas Verstappen of the day: Gasly Grosjean of the day: Hamilton (for double penalty) Second Grosjean of the day: Grosjean (for double escape routine)
Up next is Germany ... how long it takes to Mercedes pit the cars?
Well done Pérez n bottas . Two underrated drivers. How can rp justify favouritism on stroll by saying he is ahead in leaders championship. Pérez missed two races. Anyway stroll is bit by karma
I feel so sorry for Carlos 😩
Daniel get 5 secs penalty Daniel: Oh no! Anyway . . . I still don't know how Ocon think he's at the same level as this man tho
Given a few more laps and Max would have lapped Albon, RB need to ditch for someone who can actually keep pace ffs. Also at 6:09 the guys look suuuuuper happy that Bottas won, lol.
if you watch till the end, you saw lewis took towel and water from botas box which the #1 . lewis just get used to grab that things from box #1
Bottas prayed for this at that Church in Mugello...looks like they were answered
Recently started watching f1... main rule of the game is Only mercedes wins... F1! 🙃
Forgot how formula 1 was that exciting
WHY ARE THE RACES GETTING BORING!
Sainz having a tough year
Verstappen still cant defeat mercedes kingdom
Unfortunately, a bad day for Mclaren!
3 things to take away from this race... Sochi should not be a GP track Lewis gets salty and toxic faster that the Merc gets from 0-100 Merc don't celebrate Bottas' wins
dang hamilton
Can we get Brundle and Chandhok for the next race? Just dump Crofty, preferably into the sea.
If Vettel did what Sainz did the memes would be endless
why leclerc didnt get a penaly? whats the difference between leclerc stroll and hamiilton albon?
F1 commentators: ..and today Hamilton will equal Michael Schumacher's record 91 wins!.."  FIA: ..." and today you Lewis shall hold these penalties!!.."  F1 fans: 🙄🙄🙄 what's new?
Hamilton penaltys are racism!
F1 is borring now, i miss 2012 when other then just Hamilton wins
Driver of the day is Lewis bruh. I know we don’t like saying it but that was a heavy climb  Also I don’t get that penalty
Didn't all drivers know the rules? Was LH intentionally doing that practices? I wonder.
0:54 When you're playing F1 in championship mode and do not like the circuit
FIA RIDICULOUS
A typical Russian gp(except the starting 30 seconds.)
Another booring race...
Lance had literally done nothing with the new psrts
I'm bored of seeing these three guys winning especially Verstappen
0:18 Could someone tell me the name of the commentator who's YELLING LIKE A MAD MAN .. please..?! Thanks..
Need all those people from Qualifying video need to run me my likes like I ain't say Bottas would win
So, Hamilton does not know where are the lights for pit entry in Monza, he does not know the area where the practice starts are allowed, he does not know that you can not serve the time penalty once when you enter the box... and we are talking about the best driver ever?!?
Magnussen got 12th?
real audience👍
3:45 is track limit not exceeded by vettel?
Actually this is not a really boring race for me
Why did they pit Hamilton like that ?
Bottas only can win when Hamilton gets a time penalty :-)
Pretty boring
Hamilton thought he was playing GT Sport with all the penalties
"To whom it may concern, *THANK* you" - Porridge Man
Poor bottas now become rich
Carlos wanted to go to Hogwarts
BORING
中うける
You know the race was kinda boring when the race highlights came out so quick.
Rule: Need to go around the bollard.  Grosjean: What if there is no bollard?
It lools like Sainz is adopting the Great Mattia SBinballa master plan.
Carlos' crash is how I crash in the F1 game. That was somewhat weird and funny at the same time knowing a F1 driver makes the same mistake as me. 😂
am i the only one who is triggered by the 2nd commentator?!?!?!
This year is Hamilton vs FIA
A Williams, a McLaren and a Red Bull are fighting... Holy cow, didn't expect to experience that!
Sainz: spins in 2 races in a row.    Sbinnotto: yes the new driver masterplan is working.
Still confuses me as why Mercedes are keeping bottas next season
Checo just spat on racing points face because they didnt give them the new update
Esteban, Daniel is faster. than. you.
Daddys cash proving why hes getting his drive next year👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Slow and steadily they add points and ultimately make miss a race.
Hamilton has made so many amateur mistakes this season. Imagine he didn't have a doormat for a team mate.
Ferrari boss
And Lewis robbed again
who thought we would say albon vs Russell vs Norris in F1
when banning party mode doesnt cut it FIA might as well try penalizing hamilton to stop his brilliance... oh wait
Ocon proved his quality today, as he has all season. Bring back Hulk!
max every camprix on the podium and that with a slower car ,so without the 3 dnf 's max was in the race for the title!
Isn't perz supposed to be 3rd after hamster's 10 seconds penalty?
Me before the race: "Let's see another Light's out and Get in there Lewis!" FIA: 5 seconds time penalty for car 44 Me: oh, yeah, so easy for Lewis FIA: other 5 seconds time penalty for car 44 Me: No, wait, I'm just dreamin' I need a bed Always me at the end of the race: WAIT YOU'RE JOKIN' RIGHT?
yes valtteri p1
This is the only way they can beat Hamilton. Nice.
Sebastien ahead of Hamilton.   How times changed!!
The FIA is a joke
Leclerc crashed into Stroll and got him out of the race, but was not even investigated. Why??
I still didn't get why Hamilton got 10s penalty?
Hamilton after 10 second penalty: This is ridiculous.  Me: Stop crying you broke the race director notes article 19.2... What you expect to get away with it or something. Man up and take the penalty like a man.
I didn't understand the Hamilton Ricciardo penalty
Well done, BOT! Keep at it, HAM is imploding...
What happened to Norris in the last few rounds that he dropped onto 15th place?
Can we have Lewis overtakes please from P10 to P3?
James its valtteri
who are the commentators?  david croft and??
Renault is doing great in the last races, Sainz is practicing for next year?
I missed the live stream I am so sad about it
Hamilton literally is the only thing stopping Hamilton from winning
All the memes leading up to this race were horribly correct. This race was a snooze fest.
I didn't watch the race, what happened to Ocon ?
BRUH CARLOS SAINZ ARE U TESTING THE CRASH PHYSICS OF YOUR CAR IF U WANT TO DO THAT PLAY BEAMN NG
Verry easy😉
Hamilton the best number 1
This race was duller than Ferrari this year.
Goooooo Bottas
Great race by Leclerc but he should've had a penalty for taking out Stroll. I'm not a fan of penalties, but where's the consistency? No one will remember Strolls race, (because it's Stroll, who's much better than some people think) but he overtaken about 5 cars after three corners and was already behind Perez. Shame.
Bit sad from Bottas that
Sainz is me in F1 2020 when I knew I already messed up and knowing I can use Flashback
Roses are red Violets are blue Surprise, surprise, Bottas said f you!
I want to see max in a mercedes just to see how fast he'd be
I didn't watch the whole race but...what happened to Norris at the end?
Pérez gets dropped: oh no anyways
Bottas energy: porridgeeeeee  Lewis: hey bro keep calm.
If was verstappen on the place of Leclerc he would get a penalty for hitting Stroll
Seeing Russell, Albon and Norris at Lap 11 perhaps the most exciting part of the race.  We are talking about three bright youngsters there!
Albon took an even bigger hit today. his confidence is shot. He will not be able to rebound from this.
bottas is  a bozo. Gifted the win by ridiculous penalties that killed Hamilton's race but the guy is talking on the radio as if he beat Lewis comprehensively. Failed to execute at the start of  the race and then blamed a bee for not overtaking Lewis in the first couple of corners. What an embarrassment; I hope Lewis wipes the floor with him for the rest of the season.
Is there rly explanation on why is Albon so slow it makes zero sense? He should be up there at least top 5 constantly I think he was way over hyped
I personally have lost all respect for Lewis hamilton. If he's (c)BLM he's a racist.. (c)ertain black lives matter...
Sainz 💔💔💔💔
At 2:12 Albon had a "GEORGE!!!!" moment.
amazing how Leclerc gets away without penalty... it's the same as Lewis did to Albon and he got penalised for it. There are plenty of other examples and then he says Stroll came out of nowhere xD *slow clap*
Watching the battle for 4th in the Driver's championship and 3rd in the Constructors. That's where it's really heating up.
Bravo! Bottas , perez and gasly!
Albon showed pretty poor racecraft vs Norris, as he completely compromised the exit on the back straight to attempt a nonsense overtake 2 turns before, and lost out to Gasly...
Ham lost and is salty again XD what a sore loser. no sportsmanship whatsoever. even mercedes guys didn't cheer for bottas when he crossed the line
Lance Stroll is a scrub
too boring. HONESTLY.
Man, Grosjean loves circuits with asphalt run-off areas
RBがアルファタウリに抜かれるってどうなの
Max33 2nd ❤️🇮🇩
What a boring race
Sochi somehow didn't disappoint
Way to go Valterri
That editing efficiency
FIA:Hamilton is going too fast..give him a 5 sec penalty...
Usually this is an awesome opportunity to catch up on missed content. This edit was so poorly done. Jump cut, stutters, mismatched audio. Geez
このチャンネル好きだけど、解説の声が何時見てもうるさい。貴方の声よりメカサウンド聞きたい。
Splendid job by Perez with the old bits on the car no less!
Sainz went boomshakalaka in the wall
Hamilton still little cry boy. He had bolid who can 3 secound get to one lap and cry to 10 secound penalty.
How was Albon so low at the beginning? Did he get a penalty or what?
How to enjoy F1: Ignore both Mercedes
Ricciardo: *slightly goes wide* FIA: 5 seconds Grosjean: *destroys the bollards* FIA: We saw nothing.
Once again we watch Hamilton get denied a chance to win a Grand Prix
George Alex and Lando just playing together at the back of the field
VALTTERI!!! Nice one
Why this reporter is shouting like an idiot...disgusting.
Sainz hitting that wall in Sochi is me every time I race at Sochi in F1 2019
I woke up today around 7 two hours later opened the tv thinking the race was at 9 then started seeing Albon/Perez looking sweaty during an interview & that’s when it hit me the race had just finished...thought I missed some serious action once I saw the final order
Ferrari messed up vettels strategy again?
Me: Gonna take a drink every time David Croft gets something wrong Me 1 lap later: *Dead from alcohol poisoning*
Romain Grosjean : I have the silliest race retirement of all time  Carlos Sainz Jr : Not under me watch  Glad to know Carlos is ok tho.
Rep.Dom activo
Hamilton gifted the win to his teammate. Albon’s difficulties, though. I was happy for him two weeks ago and was hoping that the 3rd place would’ve had a positive impact on him for the remainder of the season, but again, the same feeling as with few other events this season. I hope him to do well, but hard to keep the hope alive when every other or every third event, whatever, he struggles both in qualifying and the race. If he’d finish towards the front more consistently, there’d be less risk for him to get in trouble on the opening laps of the races.
To Hamilton fanboys, if a driver breaks the rules they get penalised and your king broke the rules and got penalised. Is that so hard to understand?
C'mon Charles dont hit my boy Lance ever again ok?
Hello fans finaly
2:14  🥺
Stewards be like: you get a 5 sec penalty and you get a 5 sec penalty and you get a 5 sec penalty...everyone gets a 5 sec penalty
Funny how Russel was the fastest of the three in f2 and Albon was the slowest but now albon has the fastest car and Russel the slowest
Mercedes is learning from Ferrari
not bad! great midfield fight 3 way from the bottom of the grid making their way up to the midfield fight off the pitstop hamilton comeback comeback, no win leclerc p6! gasly finishing before albon again latifi placing higher than russell
To whom it may concern: Watch the radio of BOT afterwards. It's the same meme from Australia 2019. This shows how frustrated the poor lad is and actually a mediocre driver it is. He just won't accept he is a 2nd driver/ wingman. Now he wins one race in a very long time and the guy has talks already. A real sportsman will do his job and just won't say anything like this. I'll be probably one of the very few, but really don't like this guy.  Besides: Netflix was filming M-AMG this weekend for a 'probably' 91st win of HAM. There was a chaotic quali, a 10s penalty and many more. Everytime Netflix comes along, M-AMG messed up. Remember Germany 2019? I really like it and hope Netflix will come filming M-AMG a lot of times....
I am disappointed the channel where  I normally watch f1 was not broadcasting the live f1 race hopefully they don't do it again
Boring race
yup,boring
FIA officials are at it again. Vettel left the track with 4 wheels in turn 3 every single time he was on camera -> no penatly, no warning
ITS KARMA STROLL. 🔥🔥
Happy for Daniel and gasly, and Max ofcourse.
You can tell if the race is exciting or not depending by the length of the highlights. 7min = boring to ok
im kind of happy that lewis didn't equal the record here now.
i still don’t understand the grid. Merc is top. i think red bull is second then i don’t know the rest anymore
hamilton has 10 seconds penalty and still in the podium?   other drivers: gets a 5 second penalty automatic back of the grid.
Netflix is following Hamilton this weekend and he is unlucky I think Netflix is bad for the drivers
Camera angles on point!!!
All I saw was VTB
Man I hope Lewis destroys all of Schumacher's records so the haters would only whine in silence.
FIA knows nobody can stop Lewis so why dont we
Michael Schumacher's record still stands......  but it will be smashed at the next stop...  Nurburgring track, Cologne ( Eifel Grand Prix).
This has to be the best race I’ve ever seen!!!!!!!!         At Sochi
New idea for a rule : Give Hamilton a 10 sec penalty for every race
Red tractor, Sainz is ready for Ferrari master plan, poor Vettel, new permutation of HAM BOT VER, Albon doesn't deserve his RB seat, Sbinnoto.. What f1 meme did I forget?
NO ONE CAN STOP THE GERMAN CAR - UNBELIEVABLE
3:37 - When you need to hit that 3000 word count
Perez deserves the Red Bull seat and albon needs to go
Lando, Alex and George battling was beautiful
That was an actual enjoyable race. Best Russian Grand Prix we’ve had so far. Bottas woulda got that without Lewis’ penalty.
Looks like Checo will be waiting even longer for the upgrade to his car .....
When Hamilton got the news he is getting a penalty Ham: Man this is ridiculous When Danny ric got his news Ric: Okay I will go faster
Crofty really is an appalling commentator, shouting, endless mistakes and dire humour - can somebody please move him on quietly? We've had to endure this for years
I forgot it wasn't a 2pm start again today :(   What happened to Lando? He's fighting with Alex and Gasly...then next hes at the bottom. Had he just not pitted at that point? How come so slow?
Alboff
Congrats to Vettel for assisting Charles's race. Takes a high self esteem to do that!
That first lap was the first lap of every 5L ranked race
Wow, this one really shook things up a bit.  BOT  VER  HAM  instead of  HAM  BOT  VER The excitement is beyond  comprehension.
Great to see Albon, Norris and Russell fight again like in F2...
Once again Hamilton storms through the grid to 3rd despite a 10 sec penalty
Race was ok..... Literally my analysis
This is ridiculous compared to 24h Nurburgring that week!
Perez is only a point behind stroll and he missed 2 races
Look at that marshall waving that flag so fast 0:40
It amazes me how slow Albon is as compared to Verstappen. Can’t see him getting retained next season and hopefully a better driver like Perez can join Red Bull. Max needs help if he is going to challenge for the title and Albon has let him and the team down all season
04:46 Once again Gasly outperformed Albon.. what a drive.
Instead of this, I watched the Nürburgring 24 Hours. The GP was not as boring as expected, but not as entertaining as the 24 hours. I don't regret anything.
Carlos could have avoided that easily if he just used his *BRAKES*
Hamilton bought a penalty and got one free
To whom it may concern...
Why was hamilton penalaised?
I really really hate these commentators more than anything. They just love their own voices and talk over the boring race with cars that sound like blow dryers. I think this puts me to sleep more than anything. What a shame this sport has come to this.
carlos sainz preparing for his ferrari stint XD
Norris , Albon and Russell battle was awesome to watch.... Three close friends , I remembered the carting race video they did...
Lewis being Discriminated for being Black...
That stint with Norris Albon  And Russel must have brought back memories
What a pointless competition
Sky Sports presenters next race ‘Loving Bottas 3.0 here!’
Congrats to bottas!!
F1 fans: Hamilton always wins, it's so boring. Netflix-Crew: *Thank me later!*
1 lap was every multiplayer server in f1 2020
Gasly > Albon.  Change my mind.
Perez > Stroll The wall > Sainz (sorry Sainz, I like you)
I hope Bottas will win this Season so badly
renault have really stepped up this season
And it’s lights out and Ham-bottas wins?!?
Lewis Hamilton. His own worst enemy.
where is martin bruddle?
Don't understand why albon pitted twice, couldve gone the distance with them hards
Those gaps between the cars are way to far apart. They need to red flag that. 😂
FIA not fit for purpose
Hamilton getting past Seb for the first time in a long while
Albon is really trash..
Bottas wants to silence critics?! It's now 35-13 in poles and 37-9 in race wins in favor of Hamilton, since Bottas joined Mercedes 😂
Again a bogus penalty to prevent the inevitable.
Bottas Finally  Winner 😎👏
Gastly did get what he deserved, great race for him 👏
What happened to Ricciardo at the beginning ? He lost 2 position in one turn... ?
Essa corrida foi boa, muitas batalhas no meio do grid, a recuperação do Hamilton, foi até agora o melhor gp da rússia
Still impressive how F1 is managing to build 7 minutes of highlights from nothing
Ferrari joke 😆
*Anyone apart from Hamilton wins* ''Everybody liked that.''
Sainz crashing is  him just practicing Ferrari’s tactics
Bottas getting a bit too cocky at the end after being gifted the win. With a car that is at least p2 by default the only person he should be concerned about is himself.
Another race decided by the stewards. Let the drivers decide the outcome. Terrible all around.
Verstappen’s run of “podiums or DNF” continues.
Has to be the strangest race Mercedes have ever had..... simple rule completely ignored.  Bottas drives well here but Hamilton still drove better to get that third place.  Hamilton now to close to missing a race because of penalty points.... ffs.  Hope that people dont see this as boring.   Great drives by Charles Leclerc and Pierre Gasly, Not bad Alex Albon and Max Verstappen.  How on earth does Verstappen get driver of the day, highlights alone suggest that Albon, Gasly or Hamilton should of been driver of the day.
Grosjean goes of the track and thattt is what they ask you to do  ..oh not completely 🤣🤣
They're doing a much better job of showing the shear speed of the cars this race
VTB = ValTeri Bottas 🤔😂
Its not fun anymore! Make all cars same and it will be much more exciting...!!!!
fia trying to slow down Hamilton😂
thx for the upload. I fell asleep during the race!
51 Lap:Vettel one lap behind Bottas.😆
Great job
Congratulation to Mercedes TEAM and RED BULL
The stewards are trying by all means to protect Micheal Schumacher's record this season... If something is unsafe, do you not communicate it or you just wait for them to do it again... The stewards don't really care about safety, they just want to impose penalties
was there any kneeling today?
So all the white fia officials decide to give the black man the penalties because they know there’s no way else that their Bottas will win a race.
5:24 what an awful decision of albon to take that line
BORING
Wew, this race highlight released faster than Hamilton rejoined the free practice
why are you hacking clapping racing pointers of ....meeeeeh
You know a race is poor when they show kimi v latifi for like 16th place
Finally. Lots of battles.
Hamilton podiums even on his bad days. The team share a big chunk of the blame here. Why on Earth did they tell him on radio that it was ok for him to do his practice starts?
Dont let Lewis beat Schumacher’s record VTB!!
Imagine giving 10 seconds head start to your rivals and still coming home in 3rd...
I graduated today and my favourite racer won
Schumacher's record is still safe!!!!!
The best thing of the race was the small fight between the 2018 F2 rivals :D
I didn t get this penalty, why for practice start ? 🤔
F1 editor : fast skill....
Valtarri, it’s James. Please do NOT let Verstappen through. Hold position.
Albon qualified 10th but started 18th ??
0:55 I’ve done that in karting, never fun
*Get in there Valtteri*
🏎🏁🏆Standings without Mercedes Drivers: 1. Verstappen 175 2. Albon 103 3. Ricciardo 94 4. Perez 90 5. Norris 89 6. Stroll 83 7. Leclerc 83 8. Gasly 65 9. Ocon 59 10. Sainz 57 11. Kvyat 37 12. Vettel 33 13. Hülkenberg 10 14. Räikkönen 9 15. Giovinazzi 8 16. Magnussen 6 17. Latifi 4 18. Russell 3 19. Grosjean 2  Teams: 1. Red Bull 278 2. Racing Point 183 3. Renault 153 4. McLaren 146 5. Ferrari 116 6. Alpha Tauri 102 7. Alfa Romeo 17 8. Haas 8 9. Williams 7  *no fastest Laps included
gasly overtakes albon in the race. guess albon's sponsors must be something else
Stroll was flying at the beginning and I was really curious to see what he would do with that new package. Too bad he got taken out.
Who's the biggest crybaby in this grid?? 😂😂😂
russians:social-distacing?
Formula 1 ValTteriBottas Russian Grand Prix 2020
Lewis drove very smoooth passed seb😂😂
Its a shame for Sainz.  At those speeds just go through the foam brother, its better to get a penalty than actually maneuver in a almost impossible angle trying to use the "escape route" and possibly hurting yourself.  Its such a shame he actually crashed that way and unfortunately although anyone can make that mistake, its all on him that one.
Leclerc finally!
That Bottas post win team radio was a bit cringe tbh; he didn’t really do anything in this race to counter any of the criticisms he gets. Start winning some side-to-side battles and put together a string of wins and then maybe you can be all chirpy.
Hamilton congrats!
All the people who say this race was boring didn’t actually watch the race
bottas won because he's the title sponsor bruh
Hamilton is so bored that he is knowingly taking penalty to make it exciting
ok this was quick
All other cars: the hard tyres arent working.  Ferrari: ah yes we need this.
The best battle was between Romain Grosjean and signs on 2nd Chicane's Run-off area.
Finally no more “Get in there”
Alex "Racecraft" Albon
Engine: Yes Gearbox: Yes Chassis: Yes Carlos: Yes, some point at least!  Luck: No!
sainz trying to avoid ferrari be like😎
Belgium 🤝 Russia  Gasly doing a boring race watchable
again dnf for sainz, noooo
Zzz
Magnussen has been absolutely incredible of the start this year
It was irritating hearing the Indian commentator he is so lost on what was going on. Vettel was blocking many cars to allow leclerc to stay up there. This is a tactic since Schumacher days. How can you be that dumb. Once he pitted he moved to the back, the commentator then said why is he so far back. We badly needed Martin today 🤦‍♂️
Williams is wise to leave F1
Vroom
Porridge Power 💪
So PEREZ is leaving the TEAM for VETTEL right ?? What a Mess..
The only time bottas can win is when Hamilton gets a penalty or two
It was nice to see lando, George and albon fighting....😉 It was a great first lap for Lance ... But dnf yet again ☹️... Is it really a team work at Ferrari or leclerc is fast enough for P6?..
F1 is boring because most of the drivers are losers who can't get a million-dollar machine past the first lap.
$troll Crash🖕🤡🖕
nice one lewis, 10 penalty points. two more and ban
Love for Ricciardo. Renault is now in top 3 teams.
Mannn, where are the times when Seb’s Ferrari was racing Lewis’s Merc in 1-2?.. Now Lewis has just passed him like it’s another overlap
Sainz is Ready to be the new Vettel 0:25
Mistake by Lance Stroll? He was hit!
Nothing happened in the race. No wonder F1 posted this highlight so fast
Petition for a helicopter view at the race start
3 races portrayed in a nutshell:  Monza: saturday  Mugello: sunday  Sochi: *Monday*
Why did lewis get a penalty?
I don't think Perez is going to get those new parts if Stroll keeps on crashing like this.
anyone else see the graphic showing Schumacher and and Vettel's race flags as French instead of German when they showed all time wins
Lewis will be back!!
Rumor has it that Mercedes strategists are from Ferrari
How did lando fall down to p15 tho?
Leclerc not even beeing under investigation for what he did to Stroll is very funny
Bottas really went to church to exorcise those demons 😂😂😂
Vettel : No chance like a missiles like a missiles
I was hoping for Giovinazzi to finish 10th...
That's what we want to see in the future, Norris, Albon and Russel racing each other, and Leclerc too, let's wait for a better seat for George
i dont know why there are 2 violations... maybe the race officials does not want number 44 to be equal... YEAH RIGHT!
When you want to make a funny comment but don’t know what to type but you then remember that it’s Sochi thus you shouldn’t have anything to say apart from lap 1
When F1 big guys ask Hamilton to increase F1 rating.........
Formula one more like formula mercedes
Such a big deal when Hamilton stayed ahead of the Renault. Its a Renault, even if he was behind he would overtake That Renault within the same lap
Barcelona, Sochi and Abu Dhabi should not be part of the F1 calendar.
Hamilton didn’t win? Oh no....... Anyway the new Aston Martin.....
I think it's quite funny that a six-time worldchampion doesn't know the rules of practise starts.
3:25 finally! Made my day lol
estuvo bien pero boe, podria haber sido peor
Where's Luca Badoer?
Grosjean is my hero
Merc:F1 is short of dramas? Hmm...why don't we make one?  Me:Hey germans, it is kinda too explicit and still boring.
Lewis: "They're out to get me" Bottas: "'F@*k You' to anyone who criticizes me" Me: What a bunch of primadonna's
boring race
Told you earlier: Max will get podium and hopefully lewis finishes like this in rest of the season. 🙏🏻🤟
Lewis is the new vettel he is getting so many penalties
Man only if Singapore GP was not cancelled.....
I wonder: if it weren't for Max would we have seen a 2018 Grand Prix all over again?
GG (Great Gasly)
Perez might have to wait another race for the new parts
What ever happened to lando? Pit stop?
the trio rookies battling finally >:)
Snoozefest as expected.
Tbh for russian gp that was pretty interesting. I dunno why most people are so picky about it, if you expect the top 3 guys battling for position all race long then F1 is not the right sport for you.
Stroll: Ok, I’m just gonna have a nice incident free race.  Leclerc: *HIPPITY HOPPITY YOUR RACE IS NOW MY PROPERTY*
3:27 what a sight to see Seb and Lewis together in a frame again
I dont like the speaker.
I didn't even think about the race 🤣, that's how boring it's becoming
Stewards be like Buy 1 penalty get 1 free Hamilton: I will take one of those
Who on earth is this new commentator I think we need subtitles.
No penalties for verstapen to cut turn 1 ans accelerate...?!?!?!
경기이름 바꿔라 그냥 메르세데스1 M1 좆노잼이야 진짜
Ferrari is getting worse day by day with power...
They can't beat Hamilton on the track so they change the rules.  I guess you win any way you can.
The Sainz crash could have been way worse... Pretty hard hit on the concrete barrier.
FIA starting to take more points away from Hamilton then bottas at this rate. Driver of the day should have been Perez.
Watched the race. It feels like all of Sochi's excitement goes to Nurburgring
Gasly schooled albon
Finally he wins
How many points does Lewis has left on his super liscense?
Pero que diablos pasa con Hamilton este año? 3 carreras perdidas por culpa suya mas que por algun daño o fallo de su auto o del equipo? Esto es inusual.
Social distancing?
i woke up at 4:00am for noting BRUUUUHHHHHHHHHHHH
Hamilton has the most points in the drivers' championship and the most penalty points. Two penalty points more and he has to sit out a race
Renault getting stronger day by day...Ghost of Alonso...
This circuit is very boring
Carlos Sainz once again perfecting his sBinnala
Guys the editing was fast bc there was no exciting parts to edit...
Some of you that are always complaining are such an ungrateful generation of fans honestly. Please just watch the race and be thankful that these things are even accessible for free on YouTube. So spoiled man
Russell kencang bro. Coba aja dia di tim mercedes mungkin dia juara duluan drpd norris atau albon
Perez seriously deserve a chance in RedBull. While Max was fighting Mercedes. Albon was fighting Williams & Alfa tauri. Seriously 🤣
Sainz practicing for Ferrari already.
Now it's a fight against the same team Lewis Hamilton bottas. max Verstappen seems to be harder to catch up with Lewis Hamilton points. Mercedes-AMG PETRONAS FORMULA ONE™ TEAM is likely to be the year of the 2020 season.
Lewis only can be stop by Race Director and his own mistake.
What happened to Albon at the start
Lol leclerc got away with ramming stroll, didn't he?
gasly again Out Pace albon with an inferior car
Kinda boring
Seems like a little f2
Qualifying was more exciting than the race
Carlos, that was smooth
Gasly on fire burning Albon!
5:25 haha nice racing line Alex
My man Ricciardo gets robbed every race
orang Indonesia mana nih
1:02 Binotto: Pronto, Lance? Stroll: yes? Binotto: s🅱️inalla Stroll: nuu Binotto: ok, Charles? Leclerc: oui? Binotto: S🅱️inastrolla
Guess Sainz is no longer the smooth operator
The Russian GP was more interisting to watch than the Begian GP. 2020 is mad
Hello
Lewis: "this is ridiculous" after getting 10 second penalty My head: it's better for the sport to be fair, and unpredictable races, and letting someone esle win for ones
Can we all appreciate how awesome Perez drived today even with the old package?
One Redbull car fighting with the Mercedes. & Another one fighting with Williams & Alfa Romeo. Albon is such a waste.. Gasly overtook him in his Alfa tauri lol.
Don't care what you believe mate. I believe.
The VSC gave me some hope, alas..
racing point must regret on their decision to let go perez
im missing martin brundles commentary very much
To all of Bottas' haters, he said "*####* YOU!"
The most boring race . After first lap .
still waiting for the year that the russian gp is gonna be intersesting
Two test starts , two five second penalty, stewards will definitely ban Hamilton this season, they will give him another penalty if they have to make it up
The race was so boring that the highlights were out in 20 min
Great race to watch, so many battles!
Mugello: Multiple restarts Sochi: Multiple penalties
If HAmilton not penalized and stroll and sainz not crashed well it will be boring
Bottas was like kinda chilling at the last few laps lol
Robbed absolutely robbed. No room in F1 for politics. You wait to the next race. Gr8 work as always Lewis
HAHAHAHAHAHHAHA CARLOS SAİNZ HAHAHAHAHA
booooooooooooooooooooooooring
Tbf to sochi, this was an okay race
Lewis its James
Valtteri won 🎉💯🎊
The merc teams reaction to bottas winning. They either are just as bored as us of them winning or they favour Lewis hugely
I missed the race Thought it started at 3pm like the other weekends:(
too many hamilton
the first time that a red bull was on the podium in sochi
Charles, 6th with a shitbox... amazing
Let’s go max
What a great come back by Lewis
4:26 "can you report that to the race control?"
most boring race in a while
They probably are so quick cause they edited the video in the last 15 laps of nothing happening...
Petition to make Lance Stroll officially the unluckiest driver this season
Nicce
Gasly showed again to Redbull that his driver Albon can't outmaneuver him. Also showed  how to overtake.
Pourquoi encore russie et abu dhabi et pas malaisie , hockeneim
surprisingly a great race, didn’t expect that tbh
Sainz is practicing for next year
How so fast
So no one talk about the audience today 👀
look what i say, Hamilton get penalty atleast.
Amazing how well Max is doing in his car vs the Mercedes, without him this season is a competition for Mercedes themselves only.
Valteri, this is...   Hold up wait a minute   Lewis, this is james you got 10 second time penalty
Fun Fact: Lewis has now 10 penalty points
FIA tring to make the race eventful : HAnded penalties Hamilton : No
Can someone explain the practice start violation to me please? 😅
Thanks to the camera man for covering everyone
I think we have to pity the two McLaren drivers this weekend especially Carlos after that wall incident
what happened to lando? i
2:04 I wish to see more of these battles with the youngins
Uploaded faster than a Ferrari
what a wack race
Netflix : Drive to Survive curse
This track looks like it was designed by a five year old
Can't wait to Nurburgring GP!
Bottas: "To whom it may concern, thank you... for the penalty to Lewis"
Sad for the Renault, they deserved more, but the Ferrari ruined their races
Grosjean is so dramatic😂
The worst race of the year
Yeah no James this time Bottas
@Formula1 to may you concern, thank you
I literally slept at lap 11 and got up at lap 23. I was happy checo got p4
sainz seems to be ready for ferrari finally.
The video start at 7:01 thanks me later
5-second penalty for the Russian grand prix for being so boring
Ok, how Leclerc got P6?
Charles pushing the Ferrari as far as he can
Sorry I missed the race, which team won? Thanks:)
Highlights were faster than the Mercedes.
The 10 sec penalty is a yoke! A YOKE!
Wow that was fast this time 😅
Yes!!! Valtteri Bottas 1st!!! 😁😁😁
When your so early you can actually see you like effect the tally
Yo that wall!
FIA are literally making up penalties for Hamilton just to stop him Disgraceful from them
Stroll had a mega start in first lap was already behind Perez but got kicked off by Leclerc otherwise he could easily past Perez but I'm getting ready my Popcorn by all the hater 🍿
So quick because nothing happened after lap 1
I haven’t slept this well during a race since the Belgian GP
Sainz being a smooth opererator.
As far as Russian Grand Prixs go, this one was not too shaby.
That battle between albon, norris and gasly was really entertaining to watch
Lord Putin himself got involved in this GP and made sure that Bottas won
Gasly's overtake of Albon - symbolic?  What are the chances of a driver swap this season?
They were so quickly done because there were basically no highlights.
Meh race
Lewis it's Lewis...give Valterie a ten second head start
LETS LAUGH AT HAMILTON HAHAHAHAHHAHA
Vettel is slow
LETS LAUGH AT HAMILTON HAHAHAHAHHAHA
LETS LAUGH AT HAMILTON HAHAHAHAHHAHA
LETS LAUGH AT HAMILTON HAHAHAHAHHAHA
Stewards ruined the race.
LETS LAUGH AT HAMILTON HAHAHAHAHHAHA
F2: More exiting than F1, 5 Minute Highlight F1: Only first lap interessting, 7 Minute Highlight
LETS LAUGH AT HAMILTON HAHAHAHAHHAHA
I guessing that bottas had porridge this morning
Magnussen always does great starts, +9 positions today
I had a lot of fun watching this race. Albon vs Norris vs Russel, Renault swap, Ricciardo vs Perez, Gasly vs Albon vs Norris, Alfa vs Hass, crying Lewis...
I honest kind of like the big turn 3 who agrees?
Lewis is such a sore loser... That attitude he gave to everyone when even he is P2.
such a boring race
Lap 1 & Perez overtake. That's it. Sochi.
So Ross Brawn doesn’t get the reverse-grid start he wants, so instead the stewards whack Hamilton with a pair of random penalties to make it happen?
GASLY✌️
The video editor ate some porridge today
Gasly > Albon
Okay next time same speed
FIA was like: We can't let a guy who eats grass equal Schumacers wins. So let us penalise him.         Dear Hamilton fans, this is a joke.
Binotto: Pronto lance Sbinnala Lance: Yes
What an embarrassing crash by Sainz.... It almost looks like he was aiming for the wall.
GASLY is best
Yet another boring gp tralalalala lalalala
Ricciardo is a legend.
Gasly >> Albon.
what does sainz do at 0:54???
Even the highlights are boring
ハイライト出るのはやいな笑
imagine having a 10 sec penalty and still finishing the race third...yeah
How is it that seb vettel is looking like some kind of pay driver? I know he is rusty but is this possible? Almost seems surreal ;;
Yeet 7 minutes quick as Hamilton
VTB's  Russian Grand Prix indeed.
Carlos hitting the wall was a massive bruh moment for me
Not so smooth this time Mr. Operator :D
lol hamilton
The race was so boring, they posted the highlights early because there is only a few haha
Why is Russell so unlucky in race
Typical Russian Grand Prix. Shame besides the 1st lap incident nothing else really shook up the field. Even with Hamilton getting a penalty it was the boring top 3 finish of Bottas, Verstappen and Hamilton.
Designated Area for Practise Starts - *Exists*  the illegal Practise start area - *Exists*  Bono - "Get in there Lewis"
РУССКИЕ НЕ СДАЮТСЯ
I freaking missed this race!! I thought they would start at the timing as they always do I think he European races, but no, 3 hours earlier.... So I’m sitting down with a meal to turn on the TV to tennis.... 😔😔🖕🏼🤬🤬
Stroll really likes to drift
The midfield fight was great I don't know what these people are saying.
The highlights duration of Monza And Mugello were shorter than 7 mins.. HOW?
wow such a great race much boring than before
Russian gp be like ;       /\    /    \                                          /\  /        \___/\_________________/     \_____
can anyone explain about Hamilton double 5 seconds penalty?
Yeehaw
Most of the highlights should be from lap 1
Russia is always boring so can we take it of the Callander and add turkey or Portugal or maybe Germany back to the Callander
I don't know... daniel got a 5sec. penalty but bottas did not get a penalty in the first turn? Didn't he cut the curve there too? Can anyone help me? 🤔🤔
friend: was the russian grand prix exciting? me:yeah friend: which part was exciting? me: like the first half OF THE FIRST LAP
For all my critiques. To whom it may concern f*** you -Bottas 2020.
hamilton didn't pay the stewards enough this week?
Why was there a VSC ?
Albon's car is RBR's lab rat
Boringgg...
Upload was quicker than this year's Ferrari
FIA: Here is you 5 sec penalty          Here is you 5 sec penalty          Here is you 5 sec penalty  Hey Lewis: here is your buy one get One 5 sec penalty.
f for lewis
Wow, if Hamilton gets a few more penalties in Germany he could be banned from Portugal, championship looking decent for Bottas atm.
Very strong race from Sainz
Sainz has already started to adopt Ferrari Master Plans😂
BORING RACE
I hate this race
“Bottaso”   I Want more “Bottasos”
Wow it's only been like 20 minutes
Congrats to the guy who found 7 minutes of highlights out of this race.
How fast can you upload race highlights? F1 YouTube page: yes..
Albon embarrassing everyone again.
All they did was give Hamilton penalties
Ferrari Internacional Assistence  Leclerc hits Stroll. Maybe a race incdent but not even a investigation. In a race with a double penalty for a incident before the race.
Ik
NEVER GIVE UP  - Valtteri Bottas
Notice a pattern? Hamilton gets a penalty & there is interesting racing.
Danny ric=podium=👍
F1 give me a like please!
I really dont want to get my Hope's Up for Valtteri but I'm feeling it.
How did you post this early?!
In 2 Wochen ist erstmal Nürburgring angesagt 😊🏁
It came earlier then expected
no red flag?  DISSAPOINTED
What a start for Magnussen, +9 positions !!
3:25 Rewind Time
Tired of Sochi. Always boring races
Legends says Kvyat is still trying to overtake Ocon
They was quick
I think the highlight was done after Lap 30. That’s so boring.
It was that boring it didn’t take long to make “highlights” from it.
A moment of silence for people who thought Russian GP was going to be boring
nice race
atleast let the Williams finish before u upload race edits
Wow quickly uploaded
How were you able to do 7 minutes of highlights? The race start was enough
Leclerc champion of 2021 !!
why so early
Such a bad race
I wanted hammilton get banned next race
What a boring race
Hamilton is suuccccchhhhh a crybaby
Upload is faster than Ferrari
The f1 video was faster than Ocon
Wow that was fast this time 😅
VTB stands for Valtteri Bottas now it's official    Apart from Bottas let's appreciate Leclerc driving a tractor to p6 AMAZING
Sochi was actually really entertaining, my first year watching f1 and this track had a decent race :)
i like alex albon
Stewards giving everyone penalty
Succesfull race! Both Ferraris finished!
Boring race. At least someone else than the crybaby on the top spot.
bruh first lap was the only 'exciting' lap
You know a race is boring when they put out highlights an hour after the race.
Still a Mercedes win but at least it is not Hamilton🤷‍♂️
How can it be, that sebs car is 4 secs slower than leclercs car?
Quick !
This editing went faaaaast
Get your before 10k views ticket!!!!!!
I only person who can beat Hamilton is himself
who watched the race too?
hello
happy for bottas
CRIS IS A CLOWN
yess
Seconddd
Second
14 comments no views kool
When the first lap was the most exciting part of the race...
the only races bottas can win....
bottas had his porridge this morning
Well done Max
Charles drove a really strong race. Can't wait to see him back at the top again.
The stewards are out to get Hamilton
and its lights out and away we go!!!
1st
2
First
1st
First
First
this is quick
first
First lol
