Thumbnail for video 'from handheld to console': shows 3ds(mobile handheld) game becoming a switch(mobile handheld) game
the best one would be gravity rush
8:18 and funnily enough, Retribution is still the 2nd best (arguably THE best) game in the Resistance franchise, lol
3:09 my exact birthday
The pain of seeing Jak and Daxter: The Lost Frontier compared to Daxter. Utter suffering. Also, the fact Daxter manages to slot it's story in so well is kinda awesome. Definitely still... meh compared to other Jak and Daxter games, but something.
The rapture can't happen yet, I'm still busy binging Scott the Woz!
I just got the platinum in Size Matters playing through on my ps5. it looked like true total dogshit but it was a nice blast of nostalgia, so that's a nice thing about how they did these type of ports
12:25 alright how much did that cost you?
Damn the ps2 was 500?! No wonder i didnt get a playstation till 3
Not the ants...
Handheld games are also easier to jump in/out of. That likely works against a lot of these games. They were brought to a home environment where you have more time to dedicate to just playing which makes them feel shallow.
1:29 I love Scott’s little pout
1:51 did anyone else read that sign wrong?
"I'd marry this game just to put it through divorce" 😭😭😭😭😭
15:41 CHARGE YOUR 3DS
I bet gta on the psp was pretty sweet, almost makes me want to play it now but I need a new battery.
This still somewhat happens, some games made for the Nintendo Switch are sometimes ported to other places, and they clearly don't belong, case and point, Monster Hunter Rise on PC looks really weird compared to World.
The other thing about Twisted Metal: Head-On and those original Twisted Metal endings is: this was pre-YouTube proliferation, so it was hard to actually find them.  Especially if you only vaguely heard they existed.  Now they're so-bad-they're-incredible FMV schlock.
Capcom also did this with monster hunter. Monster Hunter Generations/X and XX were 3ds games. MHGU was a port of XX and released on switch. In fact, the switch version is the only version the west got for xx.
The intro gives off the YouTuber apology video xD
how many dollars of technology does scott destroy for one-second gags in the average video
I need From Console to Handheld and a Wendy's 4 for 4 Scott.
1:50 the LCS theme hits hard one of the best gta themes
This happens with exclusive Japonesse titles of 🗾Yo kai watch 3DS Game only coming in Japonesse language. Never translated for western versions
8:40 you have a FRIENDS trivia game??????
Oh God not Batman Black Gate!
One that I remember recently would be Rune Factory 4 from 3DS to consoles. You can really tell from the graphics that the textures *used* to be pixelated but they used some sort of filter to change them to smooth textures. Real obvious. UI is also more convenient for the 3DS.
Omg I had secret agent clank on console and was so confused on what I had just purchased
Scott´s Miitopia party be like: Oops! All Clerics (would be funny to have Scotts with different personalities and jobs, but everyone being the same is hilarious too)
Resident evil revelations was my first 3ds game i played. That game is what made me a fan of the series. So much so I bought it two more times on pc and xbox
sony really should have followed nintendo's example and sold remade or bundled ps1 games on the psp. crash trilogy and spyro trilogy would have been perfect. any game really which doesn't require camera controls. obviously you could emulate ps1 games but most people prefer to just buy games especially if you're offering a good deal.
I mean, you joke about R&C names, but they DID want to call a game " _Clock blockers_ " XD.
An interesting time where companies were experimenting with marketing almost as much as game design. Interesting Era.
The gta on psp are so better than ps2 verion fr
Its impressive how many of my childhood games you roasted in one video lol
Definitely thought that last joke was gonna be a dig at AntDude.
4:36 the psp does have limitations but still leagues better than the ds lmao using a stylus to play games is crazy
Yes, I know he said Daxter wasn't story significant, even though it's meant to be "what was Daxter doing at the start of Jak II before saving him post dark eco experiments?"... but I appreciate the bit, so I'll make the most Scott-like "eh" with a blank stare and let it slide.
i was absolutely sure that he was gonna call out antdude at the end
9:39 It all comes down to Secret agent Clank
Not gonna lie if you increased the resolution for Golden Abyss and Mercenary they’re honestly on par with early PS3 games. Like GA looks at least on par with Drake’s Fortune and while Mercenary sing as good as KZ2 it does look much better than KZ1 on the PS2.   I think another reason they weren’t put on PS3 is because they used Vita exclusive elements that wouldn’t work on a PS3. Like for GA a lot of puzzles use the touch screen and QTE make you swipe. There is even a puzzle where you hold your vita camera to an actual light source.   Mercenary isn’t as heavy handed, the melee kills can either be a regular QTE or removed all together and some of the puzzles can be reworked on a regular controller. I know the bomb planting could’ve replaced the touchscreen turn with sixaxis tilt like they had in KZ2.   I really hope that one day these games get an HD remaster because even though they are just handheld spin offs, they’re really dang good games and their own right and should be more accessible   I also guess this is why PlayStation plus doesn’t have Vida games on it whereas they do have PSP games on it because the PSP really didn’t have a whole Lotta gimmicks compared to the Vita it was just a handheld gaming device no touchscreen no touchpad no cameras or tilt controls Just a pure gaming device  Honestly, honestly, I think the Vita missed an opportunity to remake a lot of PSP games to fit the dual analog sticks    Like the Socom fire team bravo games have aged really poorly because of the PSP only having one circle pad and it would’ve been nice to get a remaster on the vita which had two analog sticks
"Miitopia made the leap from 3DS to Switch with a beautiful face lift" I get it.
Does anyone see the womans face in the paint to the right of scott
I enjoyed Ac liberation it was fun and one of the better Ac games I'd say on console
NEVER LISTEN TO TO SCOTT WHILE INHALING NITROUS
Scott as a ant with a gun is funny to me xD
Kirby music. Respect +.
You destroyed a tv for this video
hop off secret agent clank /j
How many tvs has this man gone through for a second long bit
12:26
Watching this while holding a steamdeck is surreal.
Hey, Scott! All here.
The game I most play on psp it's resistance, in fact I still have the physical copy
I thought he was going to talk about pokemon too. Main series made the jump to consoles on switch era
At the beginning I thought he would pull out a ukulele
Bro the one ratchet and clank  game I got for the ps2 was size matters no idea it was from a portable
The fact he punched his tv a bc he couldn’t touch the screen on the tv like on the PSVita is genuinely hilarious 😂. lol
Playing GTA on the go was unbelievable for me as a child!
HEY daxter was a great game
500$ in the earrly 2000's was EXPENSIVE like omg
I hate everything about gta videos games and i hate anything about gta videos games in general
12:28 bro just punched a tv just for laughs
"I have no worthy clue, wich is why i prefer the version released in other regions: Ratchet and Clank: Your C[beep]k is Small"  Well, did you know that some of the titles of some Ratchet and Clank games reminds me of those books for kids that were ment to adults?
Assassins Creed liberation is the only AC game i actually played till completion. Rest gave me burnout pretty quick. The mc is soo damn charismatic and the bayou setting and the costumes with actual detailed gameplay mechanics clicked with me.
Why no mention of mgs pw
I played AC liberation when I was 9 after I got my vita for Christmas I thought it was good but I just bought a vita again so I’m curious to see if it’s as good as I remember
2:41 holy mother of virtual boy, an Arlo collab with Scott the WOZ???!!!!😳😳🥵🥵💯💯🔥🔥
20:25 Drawn to Life fans when they see their favorite ancient forgotten games get discussed for 5 seconds by the funny Zip Lash hater:
I got a PSP in 2006 and loved it. It really was great. However, about 3 months later I joined the Army and went to boot camp. By the time I finished training, I forgot the PSP existed, and to this day have no idea where I left that thing. And very rarely wonder about it. Lol
Daxter the psp game is so good
13:36 Assassin's Creed liberation on vita is still my second favorite Assassin's Creed game
It'd be nice if they remastered Kid Icarus Uprising for Switch
gravity rush (ps vita) had a good port for ps4
Do you just refuse to talk about ace attorney?
Surprised you didn't mention MGS Peacewalker and SH: Origins.  Sushi Striker barely counts, since it's a port from a handheld to a handheld.
When it came to the PS3 there were solid handheld to console ports, Kingdom Hearts: Birth by Sleep Final Mix, God of War: Chains of Olympus & Ghost of Sparta as well as Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker, these ports were handled really damn well!
how did i found this on an azumanga ytpmv playlist
Talk about Peace Walker Talk about Peace Walker Talk about Peace Walker Talk about Peace Walker Talk about Peace Walker
He didn't mention drawn to life on console BEING A COMPLETLY DIFFERENT GAME WITH A DIFFERENT STORY... A lot of these console platform transfer games were made by different studios, without communication, so games like drawn to life just are entirely leaps apart  Fun fact, drawn to life wii is also a make of the SECOND game, which made the separation much funnier (mention because scott showed it directly alongside the first ds game, and funnier because... Car crash coma.)
I like the Wii U’s strategy for this with the virtual console. Instead of creating a whole new game, just be able to blow it up on a TV or just the game pad. Nice option, and using a controller can be a strategic upgrade in its own right.
Why does Scott have handcuffs?
_😂_
how do you make a video like this without talking about peace walker
I’d watch Scott sit on a couch for 7 hours and it would still be funny
I don't know if scott hates secert agent clank or not
No mention of Dissidia: Final Fantasy?  Those games were what made me buy a PSP in the first place, and the PS4 version it spawned basically killed the franchise.  I hope Square is somewhat happy with their decisions as they go under between that and dedicating themselves to Blockchain gaming
kingdom hearts chain of memories had the largest graphical overhaul when making the jump from game boy advance to playstation 2 than any other game of your video's topic (excluding remakes to systems far later in life like links awakening).
I have Secret Agent Clank on my PSP Go.  THE FUCKIN PSP GO-
You said the same thing 25X just in different ways.
Why hasn’t he made the opposite video console to handheld.
Birth by sleep lost online in the move to console  Why?
Luigi’s Mansion Dark Moon is coming to switch now
we need to appreciate 12:27 more cause scott broke a whole TV for a 2 second skit
It's funny that GTALCS was just meant to be a GTA3 port, then it evolved into its own game as a prequel. LCS is one of my favourite GTA games because I've sunk a lot of time into it, played a bit as a kid on psp, played the PSP version on my modded Vita (with mods for the second stick and higher resolution) that I've sunk hundreds of hours into, and a PC port was made that makes for the definitive version of LCS, insanely improved visuals and things like traffic/pedestrian density options, playable in up to 4k with minimal system requirements, able to be modded further with graphics enhancements if that tickles your fancy but for a classic GTA Liberty City Stories experience you can achieve it by plugging in any controller, lowering your settings and boom, you're back in the experience from 2006 with some minor adjustments.
Did anyone notice the “Halo” brand doorbell camera says “Arlo” instead?
Wait… Resident Evil Revelations was originally a 3DS exclusive..? I played this for the first time like last year on my Xbox One thinking it was a normal console release! That game is actually one of my favorites in the franchise, it truly held up well
Scott needs to make a video about the cdi
15:43 Don't forget to charge your batteries!
there's no way you broke a fucking tv for a 3 second gag... never change scott...
Scott didnt mention YuGiOh GX Tag Force on psp and ps2. But they didnt backport the sequels
20:25 You know, if THQ waited another year, they could’ve given the Wii version uDraw support (though that would complicate player movement)
The clip of Scott ringing the neighbours doorbell Arlo holding his PSP up to tell them he was playing Secret Agent Clank was a hilarious quick joke. I never even noticed that joke the first time I watched this.
but Sushi Striker... the switch has a touch screen... it's bigger, yeah but... it's a touch screen
Charge your 3ds
The last point about Sega bringing Game Gear games to console, Sonic Origins Plus actually gave us a lot more to play when it came out
Secret Agent Clank is amazing, just saying
Miitopia is on Switch because perfection deserves to be on the big screen
Where is the L button vid!!!!!
Why didn't Scott bring up Kingdom Hearts Birth by sleep or Dream Drop Distance?
Ah yes Resident Evil Revelations AKA the ONLY Resident Evil game the Wii U got besides RE4 Wii Edition
idk i love the 3ds art style and playing games upscaled in citra
did you visit @h1t1 at the void at 0:00
You missed Monster Hunter Generations, it originally came out for the 3DS and it was ported to the Switch
HE MADE A CHASE BEGINS REFERENCE 😱
15:40 The real scary thing here is the fact that Scott's 3DS is about to die
Nintendo Switch in a nutshell
Here after Scott's evil plan worked on me and i went back to the original video after watching only the psp segment on Scott's Snippets channel and wanting more
I need the L button video
18:21 Yoshi’s crafted world is quite literally the opposite of depression
nice
I love Miitopia, but only because it is a Perfectly Balanced Shitpost Generator. I personally have a Miitopia party that consists of my Mii, Walter White, Bob Ross, and Shaggy, and after the 1st reset I have a team that so far consists of my Mii, Matt from Wii Sports, and the Medic. It's great. I love it. I think that it is probably one of games ever made.
bro really broke a tv just for a 1-5 second bit
Don’t even get the handcuff joke but still hilarious
We don't talk about drawn to life on the wii
Bro the switch is technically a handheld. From handheld to handheld
0:33 ayo what???
My guys is out here make full movies
i allways take the comments that are exclusively not liked, and port them into the trash because i asume the joke was lost.
azure striker gunvolt 1 and 2
😂
22:56 POV Nintendo when the Wii U came out
why is it that you have a house that looks like an apartment I know why Ohio
12:27 definitely caught me off guard
12:27 holy shit
Damn logans shadow is one of my favorite ps2 games i had no idea it was a psp game originally
What mission in LCS does snow show up?
Scott has mentioned 3 games I've actually played. Life is complete.
Jak and Daxter is my favorite franchise. Lost Frontier being the final game breaks my heart 😭
Miitopia doesn't count the switch is a handheld
oh thanks scott that was a fuckin flashbang
Just get a steam deck
Ratchet & Clank: Size matters 💀
❗️My Timestamps:  17:44 I loved 'Miitopia' so much on 3DS, (It's my favourite 3DS Game), I bought it again on Switch years later.
To be fair though one of the main reasons for things like this was for certain countries that has a lot of PS2 players and the fact they couldn't afford a PSP so a port of it to the PS2 would of been a good alternative for them to experience the games.
WipEout Pulse on PSP got a Europe-only PS2 port. That version may not have custom tracks and custom grids but includes the DLC, changing up the campaign grids to feature them.
"I'd marry this game just to put it through divorce" is such a powerful statement
I'm happy to find out about Scott The Woz channel this year. So happy.
omg play gta  on a emulator looks amazing
Scott is the type of guy to be taken to an Mental Asylum and like it
heh. FACElift
for mii topias case it was a handheld to a handheld
So in the early 90's Nintendo was dropping Gameboy "equivalent" titles along side S/NES and Sega(for example:  Mortal Kombat, where each system was vastly different), and acting like that was normal. But clearly Sony releasing in most cases a 2 pack of previous PSP games on a later Playstation console is a sin? I've never been "tricked" in to buying a portable game on console. So maybe Nintendo should be hit by the same fines alcohol or tobacco is when they use cartoon characters in an ad. The only degradation of moral beliefs is caused by Nintendo themselves.
8:17 I remember having a ton of fun with Daxter  Never cared for Jak, never played one of his games---
Jak and Daxter The Lost Frontier still hurts me. A tragic end to a beloved franchise that I don't see really getting a sequel maybe a remastered or remake.
3:18 When people report that the multiplayer in a game has been cut I go "oh, so nothing of value is lost".
Honestly it's so strange to hear Scott say "cock" even if it's censored.
safe on filter logotu shadfesou
Just mentioning megumi sent me down a rabbit hole. I fucking hate you Scott.
Im surprised he didnt talk about the kingdom hearts series had a gba title and 3ds title go to ps3 and ps4.
GTA was actually very good, It captured the essence of GTAs from that time, missions never felt dumb and going stupid was fun too.
From console to handheld coming out in 2069
12:28 Scott destroying a TV for a joke
people who played these kinda games moved on to gaming on ipad
0:49 -- You forgot the Super Game Boy and Game Boy Player!
Digimon cyber sleuth and digimon world next order went from ps Vita to ps 4, nintendo switch and Xbox 1
For most of my life i thought Motor Storm started on the PS2 since the other games were all on PS3 so it had to have started here, right? As we all know by now... thats wrong.  But whatever, thats not the point ... Motor Storm arctic edge is by far my favorite Racing game ever. The wonky controls, the customization of the cars, the OST and racing with a snowmobile against f*cking trucks was just way too awesome.  I have still only played Apocalypse of the PS3 games but I should play the other 2 sometime.  Arctic edge is a BEEP BEEP WOOP WOOP *BOOM*/10
Monster Hunter Rise released in PC and now in ps and xbox
0:01 Scott is about to start a diss track
Did we really just break a tv for a bit 12:28
Videos always bring a stupid smile to my face. Keep them coming!
Twisted metal head on was a master piece
The tv
Scott can Scott every Scott and still Scott my Scott's Scott...
Every game released for the sega nomad released for the genesis
Now we got Crisis Core on console.😅
Cookie 🍪
Isn't the whole idea of the switch the inverse of this video?
The eternal sonata music makes me happy.
I would love to see scott's budget for breaking things in videos
The reverse is also pretty interesting as well. Like games designed for PS2 that made the jump to PSP. Test Drive Unlimited comes to mind. It made sure the huge open world and core gameplay made its way over intact. It's insanely impressive.
9:42 Tell me about the rabbits, Scott. 😂😂
This video is hillarious because this is exactly how PC gamers feel about consoles. Yet, console players argue lower power consoles are better. KEK.
at 12:26 this bastard deadass killed a tv for the sake of a gag This is the kind of chaotic energy I have learn to expect from this man and wouldn't hav it any other way.
Scott there's a way to have 3DS games on a bigger screen You must join the PC side and do the unthinkable
Isn't this the guy who owns Sonic Jam?
GTA Liberty City Stories has actually been rereleased on mobile devices alongside the original trilogy in recent times.   GTA Vice City Stories has not been rereleased since the PS2, likely due to licensing issues with the use of ACTUAL REAL LIFE SINGER AND DRUMMER PHIL COLLINS
Everyone might be more concerned about the bit where he breaks his TV, but honestly I'm more so concerned about the fact he has a fuckin' JAV PS2 porn thing (probably slide shows or something, iunno) that was pretty much imported from Japan as a part of his game collection lmao  Almost makes me wonder if Scott is actually a closet weeb and he just doesn't want to admit it 🤔
Wasn't expecting to hear the Baten Kaitos Origins battle theme in this video
9:01
I love it so much when Scott shows wait ware diy cause he still uses the footage of him having in absolute seizure on the title screen
Great video as usual! A bit sad Scott didn't cover Gravity Rush. Can anyone tell me their opinion on wether I should play it on Vita or PS4?
this explains a lot for a guy who never owned a vita
0:31 ....hol'up!
I have to disagree Vice city Stories on the ps2 was amazing, the story in that game was one of the best in all of the GTA franchise at the time so playing it on the big screen with my bestfriend was just a joy filled with amazing memories, but I am pretty BIAS.
Seeing AC III Liberation get some love for what I think are the most important aspects (character and narrative) makes me happy
I'll never forget playing Aragorn's Quest on the PS2 for the first time, not knowing ahead of time that the PS2 version was just a blown up, less pixelated version of the PSP/DS version and not like the other console versions. Granted, the PS2 was on its last legs, and highly doubt that it would've been able to withstand the technology of the console versions, even though those versions weren't even that impressive graphics wise.
Meanwhile the switch breaks the entire point of this video lol making any game made for tvs also work and play the exact the same on the go xD
Hey Scott, all here!
6:35 Wait, Arctic Edge on PS2 DOESN'T have Photo Mode?  ACTUALLY, LITERALLY unplayable, certainly the best side feature of Arctic Edge
A comment about Assassin's Creed Liberation HD:  You can definitely see the faults in moving the game from Vita to console for the PS3 and Xbox 360 version.  However, I own the game as part of the AC III Remastered release on PS4 and that one made much better visual improvements to Liberation HD. And if you're playing it on a PS5, you can actually run that bad boy in 4K. Looks LEAGUES better than the Vita release. Plays a bit better too
sad jewish virgin pic @ 00:32
4:25 i literally bawled my eyes out and than smashed the thing😂
FFType-0 gets off Scott free again. I made a pun.
The switch ports section is a bit weird because the switch can't really be considered a home console since the primary unit itself is a handheld which just happens to output to a TV. So technically these games weren't ported from a handheld over to a better handheld, not actually to a home console.
*"Ford wont service my model t anymore!"* - scott wozniak 2022
Or you have a steam deck and play whatever tf you want in any format
Surprised you didn't mention that device that you could hook up to your gamecube and play gameboy games on your gamecube using it
Nobody:  Environmentalists: 3:24
Let's all take some time to appreciate how he punched his tv screen for a 2-second skit.
Persona 4 Golden is the only game that does the opposite
Taught the laws
PSP also got TWO unique God of War entries along with TWO unique GTA entries. Whatever the lads at Sony were smoking, I wish nintendo did too.
Don't forget birth by sleep. Other than the new fights and spells in the final mix, the psp version is better.
There are so many video games that I would have never known existed if not for these videos!
Where's Burnout Dominator, a PSP game got ported to PS2?
One you didn't touch on were the rare Vita to PS4 ports. During the later stages of the Vita's life cycle, after it's been established as a flop, some of the better Vita games saw ports up to the PS4. Gravity Rush saw one such port, releasing originally on the Vita in 2012, and the PS4 version dropping in late 2015-2016, before receiving a full-fledged sequel... only on the PS4. A similar thing happened with WipEout 2048, which released on the Vita as a launch title, then was ported to PS4 in 2017 along with its WipEout HD and Fury DLCs bundled in under the name "WipEout Omega Collection." Persona 4 Golden is a rather recent addition to this list, receiving a PS4 port sometime in 2023, despite releasing in 2012 for the Vita.
A game that was originally for the PSP that I have ALWAYS wished for a remaster or port of is Dead Head Fred. A criminally underappreciated gem with one of the best video game protagonists of all time.
World falling apart. Woz cheer me up. Thx
PSPPSGE Playstation Portable Playstation Game Edition
I’m glad this dude is a Nintendo focused channel and not an Xbox one because goddamn he’d have a field day with Microsoft
Mobile to console is the worst.
Yo
Sadly No Kingdom Hearts Birth By Sleep On PS2.  Also The Line "Have You Ever Played A Psp Game? Yeah you have, You've Cried" Had Me Laughing.
I think Scott just dosen't like Secret Agent Clank.
12:28  Bruh
Did you really kill a TV to get that touch-screen gag?
Usually old school style RPGs feel more intimate on handheld consoles but one that surprised me was Octopath Traveler because I found it more enjoyable on PC than handheld. The big screen showed off a lot of the high definition details better and the soundtrack was better with my computer headphones.
Why waste a functioning TV just for a 4 second gag... This is why I've never clicked with this channel, it just seems wasteful.
bruh ywah
The random tv punch really got me
The cycle has been completed.
what about xbox remote play can you do an episode of that
Rodea: The Sky Soldier is an interesting case. It was a Wii game that got heavily delayed, along with a 3DS version with different gameplay mechanics. It would finally see release with the Wii version cancelled in favor of a slapdash Wii U port from the 3DS, to which creator Yuji Naka disapproved of and encouraged people to play the Wii original, which was only available as a free bonus during the first print of the game.
Did you seriously just try to say that Revelations was 'meant to be played with a controller' when the system it was built for is _literally a controller?_
3:28 when i learn lex luthor is bald
at first glance I saw "From Handmade to Casserole" lol..
Man motorstorm is such an amazing game, so much nostalgia
You diddnt mention tearaway that was a ps Vita game that got ported to ps4
I love Resident Evil: Revelations. I have over 2000 hours on it combined between the 3DS and PC (though mostly on the 3DS). The box of the game also misspells "Revelations", so that's fun too.
this used to be funny, now its just whiny
What kind of ridiculous game design would require you to stop and hold down the shoulder button to move the camera. Good thing technology has advanced and we've moved passed that
Man, I love this videos
I'm impressed with the 3DS version of Spider-Man: Edge of Time. It's literally a handheld version of the console version.
Hey Scott, all here. We just wanted to mention the USA wide great economic recession that happened during 2007-2011. It made sense to support established and huge ps2 fan base during the time when everyone had the poor. Hell, I even got a drug addiction to go with my sub par console gaming experience from that time period! Thanks, great recession!
The kingdom hearts games that came from hand held work well
“Why play Liberty City Stories instead of playing San Andreas?”  Well you would if you were playing all of them in the same universe or chronologically. With Vice City Stories, Vice City, San Andreas, Liberty City Stories and III all on PS2 you pretty much have the complete story.
"Ratchet And Clank: Your C*ck Is Small" is at least one of the top 50 Scott The Woz jokes
His point is the opposite of the steam deck but the steam deck is the steam deck so...
I thought he was gonna say steam deck.
Does anyone recognize the screaming from 23:00?? I can't remember what its from
Honestly something you missed is the fact that a lot of us in developing countries couldn't get the PSP or PS3 until much later, so having ps2 versions of the game was a good thing for us kids.
PSP would do this and would go on PS2 pretty quickly if it was popular.
21:43 o scott mencionou o bostil :o
Miitopia came out in switch in that phase where they were trying to bring miis back and this as well as Mario golf super rush (which story mode had you play as a mii) released (also it’s just a great game, I’m glad it got ported)
Where's silent hill origins?
Commenting to appease the algorithm
Oh boy, a Scott the Woz episode released on my birthday. Wonderful!
The lack of ports to the PS3 is also due to the PS3 architecture being RADICALLY different compared to the PS2 and PS4 so porting to it was quite a bit harder.
What about LocoRoco Remastered and LocoRoco 2 Remastered?
Scott ant
I played through Peace Walker recently on Series X and it played better than I thought it would.
I can't wait to port this to my TV from my phone!
What about GameBoy Alladin and Lion King?
“Birds running for senate” lol Scott believes in “birds” wake up sheeple!
The only handheld capable of console/pc quality is the steamed home and no one can get it
And then he turned himself into an ant! Funniest thing I’ve ever seen.
Plug in, that goddamn, 3ds
You forgot kirby Epic yarn on wii to Kirby extra epic yarn on 3DS. An amazing new way to enjoy my favorite kirby! ❤️
Should've mentioned that when making kingdom hearts 1.5+2.5 had they initially planned on fully remaking Kingdom Heart 358/2 days from the ds in HD, but since most of the source code from KH1 was lost and they had to remake that from scratch, without any time left they just made the ds game into an HD cutscene collection to avoid delaying the game, and while most people only played that game for the unique story and interactions that were once never before seen, there were also a lot of unique gameplay elements that could've been really fun with a tune-up.
12:28 God when Scott punched the TV for the bit it made me wince, it was probably an old defective TV but still.
I'm still salty about the fact that RE: The Mercenaries 3D never got ported to console :/
“From handheld, to console” The Switch is a Hybrid Scott.
Did I hear Baten Kaitos music in the background? Cool!
I'd  even watch Scott playing Minesweeper god damn it
holy fucking shit. breaking a TV for a cutaway gag. classic
12:27 Gotta love Scott's ability to destroy his TV for our own sick amusement
Via emulation and your og rips you can get up to ps3 on android at 3x and widescreen patches. Even without texture mods the games are beautiful and if I want it on tv I plug it in and got Samsung desktop mode :D
did you really break the tv?
C'mon Scott. It's kind of cheating to call the Switch a 'console' in comparison to a handheld. It's a handheld that can look acceptable enough on a TV. C'mon man.
Scott straight up broke a flatscreen TV for a bit and it's not even the first time he's done something like this. Now that's commitment to the bit.
SCOTT, SCOTT... PIKMIN 4 PIKMIN 4!!
Hey Scott. We know you loose virginity. 3 major giveaways:  - You didn't call yourself a virgin - You also mentioned you have small tools -;You talked more about other platforms than Nintendo.  Congratulations!
18:18 I'd take Crafted World over New island any day lmao
Scott ... you have made a dreadful error. You didn't mention kingdom hearts. A series that literally is built on releasing handheld games on consoles
I like it
I think the only psp game to get released that wasent for ps2 but for 3 was the 2 god of war games years after they cane out
No peace walker?
Growing up being a big PS2 fan, I initially admired those PSP exclusive games as my first handheld was the NDS. Seeing Size Matters get a PS2 was such a big deal to me as a kid because I was so not ready for many reasons to move to another gen. Nowadays it's not the case but seeing some PSP games get PS2 ports was a godsend for poor me and my fam who realistically only had enough to get that one DS for us to share.
Gravity rush
Surprised he didn't mention more Vita games. Tearaway and Persona 4: Dancing All Night got console upgrade versions for the PS4.
Was that motion gravure series: megumi!?
Day 48 of trying to get Scott to heart my comment
Two games I really wish did this that didn't: Mega Man: Maverick Hunter X and Mega Man Powered Up.
23:05 me when hulu is just better than netflix or disney plus
22:55 me when netflix is better than disney plus or hulu
3:28 me after watching all of us are dead for 12 hours straight on netflix
Scott really wrecked a TV for a 2 second joke about the lack of touch screen controls in the 6th entry of an obscure golf series ported from the vita. The commitment lol. What a guy 👏
Wish he talked about the kingdom hearts series, it would have been an excellent analysis
I played so much ratchet and clank, secret agent clank and jack and daxter and it pains me that they all sucked ass.. why was I subjected to so much shit (tho size matters was actually good change my goddamn mind)
what's on the handheld should stay on the handheld, vice versa
i love how the auto captions called the ending [Applause]
Love this channel keep it up man
I believe this is the very first Scott the Woz video that's ever been recommended to me
How dare you badmouth the best handheld there is, the 3ds  Seriously tho, i think the discussion around the psps here showcases the superiority of the 3ds  Sure you are playing technically superior games in the psp but they are lesser versions of console games, while in the 3ds almost every game is made tailored to the 3ds to take advantage of everyhting it could offer and be a good game in and of itself  This is also evident by the fact ppl play 3ds and ds games to this day (just look at how expensive the 3ds is) while a lot less ppl are playing psp games, especially the ones like secret agent clank
Destroyed a TV for a bit lmao 🤣
guy destroyed a tv
What about gravity rush 🥹
Imo, The best portable game that ended up with a great consoles version later on.. Gravity Rush!! (PS Vita & PS4) Also known as Gravity Daze in Japan.
Liberty city stories was my first GTA game, on the ps2
I thought I was the only person who still remembers Secret Agent Clank Glad to see that's not the case 😭
Why did he take the old outro out
I wish Daxter had gotten a PS2 port.
You know Scott is doing something right if I can go to any video of Scott's old or new and it'll keep me entertained throughout the whole thing even if I already watched it, I'll give it a rewatch, That's how amazing his videos are.
I would love a super Mario Gallaxy 3 on the switch.
Um every switch game is a handheld to console along as u don't got a lite
12:27  He bought a TV just to punch it Hope it's not the playstation 3-D TV
I remember playing Secret Agent Clank on PSP. That's one point in the pro category of developing Alzheimer's.
01:18 that’s a lie right there
Azure gun volt and shovel knight were great in handheld and console also don't forget the mega man zero legacy collection which came from gba games and ds. Great video as always
Very Relatable.
Oh but Scott Metroid: Samus returns is worse then Dread
What happened to bioshock for psvita
So awesome, very good!!
0:18 me: *Dreadnought Galaxy ptsd flashbacks*
14:00 Oh god i still can't believe i powered thru Arkham Origin's blackgate despite how Boring it's gameplay was. It was probably the atmosphere, they did manage to capture that atleast. Also for some reason i bought it twice, on 3ds & WiiU too. But mainly cuz i thought the 3ds version was broken at the final battle against catwoman. Nope, turned out it was because the screen was too small that i couldn't see the counter prompts that were easily visible on WiiU...fuckin' hell
13:30 Soooo, Assassin's Creed Liberation on Switch is the best version then, specifically in handheld mode. Yeah i felt that way too. Kinda fitting for it really
"Ratchet and Clank: Your C*ck is small"  Yup.  I never owned a PSP so my c*ck must not be small.  I always wanted one.. but now I have a Steam Deck instead I guess.
Another awesome video! Sorta surprised you didn't include Gravity Rush, that was another handheld to console port that would've fit here ^^
WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF HE WAS AN ANT??!?!?!??!
Scott really broke a TV for a 1.5 second gag, this guy is a madman
Vice City Stories is the best GTA of all time solely because of Phil Collins.
Some portable games get ported to console and then there is Final Fantasy Type-0 with its own PS4 System.
How dare you bad mouth warioware and love it at the same time...
I'm surprised the PSVita game Tearaway wasn't shown off! That could have been interesting since that game took advantage of pretty much everything on that handheld, and all that was lost on PS4
Why does he say the letter p like that 💀
The omission of Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories hurts me. It was one of the weirdest portable to console re-release. It released first for the GBA in 2004 and then in 2007 they released it for the ps2, and you can def tell it was tailored for the GBA. One the big screen everything just looked so empty and the game play was clunky and  unintuitive.
Remember the era when a game from an IP as big as GTA would cut the price of a game in half because they removed features? Shoutout to the second, $70, Last of Us remake
I'll I gotta say is.. why didn't they fucking make tomadachi life for tye switch?
No Gravity Rush? **throws down phone**
The Fact that this guy breaks a tv for a 2 second clip for a quick laugh is incredible       .     .
Secret Agent Clank is a banger. Idk what the issue is.
Why is the Nintendo switch watermark o. The screen
should have had the subtitle "unportabled" (after I realised "deportabled" might not be the best choice)
is it just me or do i just have no idea what scott says in his videos
Dude really broke a screen for a two second bit lol 😂
I was watching a completely different video and it pops up with scott the woz comments. This is weird.
I dont like the music in the end anymore :(
I noticed a little something different with the humor in this one, but I really liked the variety it gives.
Scott, did you just break your tv for a 5 second bit? 🤣🤣
20:16 The Ace Attorney trilogy games were actually GBA titles, not DS.
The TV punch killed me.
Who's talking here is the 1M person to watch this video, I just clicked it because it was at 999k and I'm just commenting this because I found it cool lmfao
Always got sum to say fr
I think the reason why so many games made the jump to PS2 from PSP is because they were almost the same. I don't think they stopped with the Vita and PS3 because it made more sense to not. It made more sense to not because on the inside, the Vita was normal, and the 3 was a bitch.
Grandpa when I play Call of Duty 22:57
Paused it at 9:42. New wallpaper.
Watching this video on my phone right now. Gonna watch it on my computer later to see if it still holds up.
That medal of honor on PsP was so fun
I'm a little disappointed that Scott didn't talk about the ass backwards treatment Gravity Rush got as a franchise, but seeing as it's a Vita launch title... I think I can understand why
can you please review Thomas the tank engine toys from cereal boxes like you did in my dream today
Forum Weapon: 10:13-10:15
Is it just me or does Scott actually use emotions in this video? “I’d marry this game just to put it through divorce” sounds too close to true anger... But we all know Scott is a gamer, gamers don't have emotions! :)
How the fuck do you make videos this quickly???
0:45 this is the first time ive ever seen the only on playstation logo on a ps2 cover
This is one of those scott the Woz videos where he just repeats the same point over and over and over and over but with slightly different phrasing
gravity rush solos
Every now and then scott sounds like micheal j fox in back to the future
20:38 "if all handheld games could be on console and all console games could be on handheld, that would be the dream" uuummm..... Switch?
Timeline where Scott's outro song remains the same: Utopia Timeline where Scott changes the outro song: Dystopian apocalypse
I saw that 3DS red light blinking! It was about to die just like me every time I play revelations on my 3DS
I rewatched the TV punch like 10 times. I love commitment to a bit
Smallant called out
“Ratchet and Clank: Your Cock is Small” is my new favorite Scott quote
*NEW OUTRO!?*
A liked the Ninjabread Man reference in this video Scott
I can't be the only one who noticed that Scott is in Diary of a Wimpy kid. Lmao
where I’d record one track of the soft and than use a second Edison to record  scrubbing through the soft to mimic a wave table.
im mildly disappointed the ds game 9 persons 9 hours 9 doors wasnt talked about because its a perfect example of how making the move from handheld to console can fail miserably. but it would probably take a while to get into and have a whole buncha spoilers
This whole video is the reason why the switch is goated. It’s basically a home console and a handheld so no porting is necessary.
Can you make a video on console menus?
Then I got Scarface on my PSP and it turned out to be a Scarface turn based combat game. I returned it.
The mobile smart phone killed true hand held gaming. I’m not sure if we’ll ever get a true experience like we did with the psp game boy variants and 3ds
I'm still waiting for a PSP Console.
That mfer really punched a tv
17:46 hehe face lift
Obviously the ultimate experience is playing the PS2 version on the steam deck.
Oh yeah, twisted metal head on on ps2 was so damn good!
I wonder if it was more of a marketing thing. Releasing a psp game, alongside the same ps2 verison, shows that the psp can play ps2 games, which if I remember correctly from when I was like 10, was a big selling point of the psp.
Scott I beg of you, wipe off your psp, I had to stop myself from wiping the screen!
Project Diva F, the GOATED, counts since it came out in the Vita first then PS3
9:04 my favorite quote
Me waiting for scott to talk about project diva series when he started talking about psvita and ps3 games: 🤡
Bro started the video in the shinji chair pose
I feel a similar discomfort With PS5 games that are also playable on switch. When I think PS5 I think performance and its great they can both play a lot of games it's just sort of a turn off you know
As if fun uniqueness was a sin, the Vita also had Tearaway and Gravity Rush ported over to PS4. Gravity Rush even got a sequel on PS4.
No comment that the Switch is both home and travel system????
Did this man just break a tv irl for a tiny joke for us? Scott’s a damn legend
As a proud owner of 15 copies (and counting) of ratchet and clank your c*ck is small I can safely say that porting to console in nothing but a good thing
I actually found Resident Evil Revelations 1 more underwhelming when put on a console. It felt more like an average RE game when blown up, not too distinct from 4, 5 and 6.
Did he just break a screen just for 2 seconds footage?
Every time Scott makes a new video, I shed a tear of happiness. This guy is awesome.
I miss the old outro...
12:28 First the drywall... and now the TV.
I’m just sad that they didn’t release a new motor storm game I love those games
Scott needs to get his hands on a Steam Deck. It's the only handheld that can play BOTH versions of Sonic Generations!
If we're talking about crappy cameras on the PSP, look no further than the Monster Hunter titles on the console. Because of how the camera was the D pad, you'd have to have what was called "The Claw"
Remember that Scott owns a copy of Gravity Rush Remastered
Appreciated.
May I ask what you have against secret agent clank to warrant constantly joking about but not going into detail about the actaul game
not a single mention of mgs peace walker :'(
Wish he would had mentioned how well the ds games converted over to the Wii U.
I do NOT support the new outro theme
Great video one of my favs now and a moment of silence for queen Elizabeth 👸
how could you not bring up Peace Walker?
Honorable Mention: Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories getting ported to PS2.  Yes it's technically a remaster. But the card battle system just didn't work on console
RIP random flat screen monitor.
I always like to think of the PSP as more of a PS1-on steroids. It flawlessly plays all PS1 games as long as you can deal with the 1 analog stick and lack of the L2 and R2 buttons. PS2 experiences didnt transfer to it as gracefully in my opinion.   Also, always wished they ported GTA 3 and VC as well as doing LCS and VCS. I know I just sound spoilt but playing the Stories games just makes me wanna play the originals.
12:28 you really didn't have to go so hard for us. We'll watch your videos even if you don't destroy tvs
shout out to scott for breaking a tv for this video xD
That last joke was totally worth it
My guy really punched the crap outta that tv😂😂😭💀
I just want rachet and clank games on Xbox :(
"The stuff you're wiling to put up with for the sake of portability" ---This quote questions my whole existence
Having played both versions of Motorstorm: Arctic Edge, I honestly prefer it on PS2. The textures on the PSP version are massively downscaled and blurrier,  and it looks great for a PS2 game to boot. If you can set it aside from the PS3 Motorstorm games, it's a really solid racing game with a surprising amount of depth.
Nice battery charge on the revelations 3ds
Parents (or some backwards teens) 12:25
Interesting that there was no mention of Smash4, from 3DS to Wii U
How about gravity rush for ps4?
Also one of the gimmicks in Size Matters was that you could shrink and grow at certain points. So the name isn’t just cause it’s on a smaller screen.
surprised he didn't mention gravity rush and tearaway while going over vita stuff
16:53 scott acknowledges the best Lego game ever made
Should've check MGS peace walker from psp to ps3, that remaster was a godsend. Sure the graphics are not impressive, but mann the controls and gameplay improved a lot!
how wasn't xenoblade chronicles mentioned here? definitive edition is such a nice upgrade
At 21:14 Scott says "however"  with great power
Now I want a sequel called From Console To Handheld.
Another Banger from my favorite Woz.
Broke a TV for a 1-second joke.
“This doesn’t matter to the core story” KINGDOM HEARTS HAS ENTERED THE CHAT
Switch games are all the opposite of this. Console games brought to a portable. Thank god the power of marketing exists to make people think it’s a “hybrid” console, even though one version of it is only portable.
If Scott ever watched Jet X or anything along the lines of that I’d wanna hear what he has to say 😁
I think Sony made a terrible mistake with their excess of portable-to-home console ports. They sacrificed the longstanding value of their portable consoles in favor of cash-grabbing profits for their home consoles. Their portables already had to contend with control issues and expensive proprietary memory cards. Reducing their value by making their exclusive games available in their home consoles meant that people had very reason to invest in them. It's a shame, because both were very good pieces of hardware. Nintendo didn't have to do anything. Sony took themselves out of the portable competition on their own.
You're pretty cool man.
Wait, did Scott flip his profile picture??
I swear I watched this before
did he just punch the tv lmao
I dont know about this Resident Evil: Revelations game, but I do know about Resident Evil: Revelaitons
Bro that poor tv i rewatched that part like 20 times
Usually americans to get it about how the PS2 had games past 2006, but what you guys have no idea is how PS2 was (and still is) REALLY POPULAR in Latin America, people still sold modofy versions of GTA SA and PES 5 in the streets
is that motha fuckin baten kaitos origins music!? you just activated my nostalgia.
did he actually break his tv for this video im honesty not sure
I'm still waiting on a video where he goes over the era of games where they had the same name, but played completely different due to the hardware they were on line GBA and DS it was disappointing at times, but it had it's gems
Great video.
I always wondered why secret agent clank always made me sick anytime I played it
cant think of any. beside Wii U and 3d ds for there lazy.  land vs world, pokemon let go plus five other,  link vs link. guess half was on Wii U and now on switch which both some count too.  and yes I mis put lets go for the wii u game. idk if Wii U count as both, eh not want to fix it.  and I get this video just fine dum peeps.  like video up.
I just noticed the icon head is side ways
I was so excited to get the ps2 version of Jak and Daxter The Lost Frontier for Christmas and when I played it I wanted to saw my own legs off.
Liberty City Stories was one of my faves.  Better than 3 by far. I played on PS2 never had a PSP.. Vice City Stories wasn't as good to me though
9:42 should have been the thumbnail for this video...
why no Metal gear Peace Walker :(
I was kinda hoping Kingdon Hearts Chain of Memories would be mentioned, hell all the portable Kingdom hearts games (except the gacha) got console releases
Classic sociopath Scott making every character in Miitopia himself
Charge your 3DS, Scott!
Me no know any I can think of start of this video.  I alway thinking console to hanheld better, even at the same theme the best way.  Guess switch got the most of these.  Or Wii U because half was port of 3D ds but with different names. Like land vs world, smash 3D vs  Wii U .
12:25 This just shows the amount of effort he puts in his videos.  That’s dedication lol
I remember when RE Revelations came out on the 3DS and was blown away at it but more surprised at how they basically changed it for big consoles.
hey all, ant here
Disappointed he didn't mention Gravity Rush 1 going from Vita to PS4
Sadly with Nintendo merging their two divisions together and Sony leaving handheld gaming behind all together I feel like the days of these kind of conversions one way or the other are pretty much over. It was a heck of a ride while it lasted but I'm kind of glad that we're going to get one version of things now and it should be the superior one. And at least in the case of Nintendo the portable and non portable versions are essentially the same identical even or at least they will be when they finally release a console that can handle their games a little better portably.
3:28 Scott jumpscare
oh my goodness the first 3 minutes of this had me smiling so much. i think i owned both versions of secret agent clank lmfao. i didn’t know they put size matters on ps2 tho. huh i mean i guess it makes sense tho
11:43 that was rough lmao
I just noticed that the PSP and PS2 logos are only off by a single line.
12:24 i spit my water
I always appreciate hearing the valedictorian elegy
I never knew secret agent clank came to ps2 lol they probably marketed that worse than the vita
12:27 he brokr tv!!
12:28 oh no, is this real?
9:03 Scott censoring a word other than "f*ck" or "sh*t"? :o
I just realised he absolutely fucked up a whole TV for a 3 second bit.  God I love this man
You forgot to mention tearaway for ps Vita and later for ps4. Developed by media molecule, creators of little big Planet, it was a masterpiece!
12:28 pls tell me you didn’t waste a perfectly good TV for that joke. It was very funny, but it just seems a waste to do that.
I'm surprised Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories wasn't brought up
So... Does no one remember that PSP games can be played on certain models of PS3?
These console versions would've been cool if you could transfer save data between versions
your content is brilliant i dont know how you pump out videos so quickly with such quality
Did you break a TV for a one second gag?
Sushi Striker love is always welcome
Oh my god he broke a TV for this video someone get this man help it's not worth it Scott!
I really really like the psp,but mine would constantly switch to the reset screen in the middle of a game all by itself. The I bought a used red psp and had to spend twice it's cost for a repair. Then the same screen problem happened. Then the batteries I bought lasted just two months that were replacements for the original battery which I couldn't find anymore. So after repairing 2 psps I gave up. I still have a few games. Can anyone give me some pointers on good batteries and a good place to repair one. Btw I had it repaired by Sony once and it didn't work long.
I hope that TV is okay
Currently foaming at the mouth because someone mentioned the Drawn to Life series existed
Can't wait for Scott's stash vid for bts of him punching the tv
scott how did you break a tv?  I can never get mine to break when I punch them.
What about console to hand held
Scott, get a Steamdeck. It is awesome!
I'm genuinely shocked that there's no mention of Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker in this video.
@23:01 _Aaahh!!! Real Monsters_ amirite  ...or amirong...
Can’t wait for the sequel from console to handheld
8:16 "this doesn't matter core story"  Also Scott: Shows Daxter    If only he knew
@14:30 BatMan chasing that tail, amirite
I feel a modern equivalent is VR games being converted to 2D to be ported to consoles.
still wish Ace combat X got ported to something. Never got a digital release so you couldn't play it on the vita and is still stuck on the PSP. thank goodness for emulation at least.
This reminds me of the case of Yu-Gi-Oh gx tag team. Which had some strange changed/alternative content realease in PS2. I played the later and just a while ago I found out that it was originally a PSP game, which explains a lot of things.
Miitopia was actually a good game, one of my favorite games to play on the switch.
and now we have steamdeck, which can handle both! (and its contemporaries like aya neo).
That twisted metal head on port for the PS2 was definitely one of my favorite games growing up
I'd really like to believe that the part at the beginning where he's in a void and the part at the end where he imagines being small like an ant, both moments being a bit strange, are the beginning of some sort of Scott the Woz ARG
23:00 where is that screem from? its in an intro or trailer/ad for a game right? MK2/3?
Hmm, I wondered why Liberty City Stories and Vice City Stories were a bit off when I got them for my PS2... 🤔
Please release kid Icarus Uprising for switch
12:28 must have cost a lot
12:27 He just smashed a TV for a 2-second joke
Entertaining for a bit, but Scott's videos are just too scatter-brained to enjoy longer term in an effort to be witty and humorous.
You keep saying that they don't work on PS2 because they were designed for a portable, but it's more like they were bad lowbudget games that had it's flaws excused since people have low expectations on what portable systems can do  Most Nintendo portable games would be praised if released on consoles, like imagine Megaman Zero, Zelda Minish Cap or Wario Land 4 on N64 or Game Cube  In the end, PSP and PSVita didn't sell well because they promised console experiences on the go, but the games were mostly low budged versions of what the real consoles had  Switch changet that being a hybrid, so you finally could play AAA games made for consoles on the go, even if some downgrades here and there
Nobody gonna talk about  how he smashed a TV for a 2 second joke?
Im suprised Tearaway unfolded wasnt mentioned.
No mention of the steam deck smh my head...
12:28 kills me lmao
My man's forgot Monster Hunter: Generations Ultimate, sad.
So glad to see twisted metal head on get the love it deserves
2:41 I was just thinking “When will Arlo appear in a Scott the Woz episode?” Glad to see he made a cameo!
Oh Scott. That intro. You kill me man. Thank you.
0:32 Ayo? 😕
Scott the Woz what does your name mean? Good Update
Now for vita ports to ps3, you gotta go for anime games, SO FUCKING MANY OF THEM, DOZENS AND DOZENS  Like half the jrpgs on steam are pc ports of ps3 remasters of psvita games  Just look at the atelier series, or some of the gundam games, playstation devs love to test the market with a vita release first
12:28 WTF
scott the woz: pink floyd's the wall
I've never been able to beat agent clank on either console purely because of soft locks, from levels that simply don't load properly to levels that are incapable of being completed.  Nothing worse than a game that can't even be played.
You're related by blood to Bill Gates?!? Aren't you?!?
"I'd marry this game just to put it through divorce" almost made me laugh out loud in class
Did you break a monitor for a gag?
Scott The Ant
this man really punched a tv for a touch screen joke and broke it O.O
C:
12:28 oof
I know its entirely unrelated to the video, but I like your hoodie Scott. Just wanted to say so lol.
Scott, Scott, Scott. Please tell me you didn’t CHOOSE to play those games with non-inverted camera controls? You’re more intelligent than that… Right?? 😜
The thumbnail of this video looks like a fan made tumbnail
The wii version of ace attorney is actually the way I experienced those games first lol
Scott destroyed a tv for a skit 12:26 if this ain't dedication, I don't know what is.
Yes!  I too wonder what life would be like if Scott were an aunt!
Remember Gravity Rush?
That part on closing the 3ds in a horror game called me out 15:40
20:46 Agreed, but the ds and 3ds are dual screen meaning switch ports are far less likely than Wii U games coming to Switch as the Wii U was basically a prototype for the Switch. I mean, they ported Yo-kai Watch to Switch... The first game, and only in Japan. Still waiting for the second gsme to be ported to Switch cus I never bought that one, even if I'd have to buy it in japanese. Oh but my greatest dream is for Yo-kai Watch 3 to be ported to Switch and localized, even if they just strip the text from the 3ds one and don't really add anything new. It's the best Yo-kai Watch game Imo, and it is one of if not the biggest 3ds games. Yo-kai Watch 4 is fine, but it loses a big part of the charm by no longer lettijg you befriend Yo-kai (outside of cutscenes which sometimes give you Yo-kai), no you instead pull what is essentially their soul out of their body, killing them, then using those to summon it, still fun though
12:28 did you break a TV just for this video? Love the commitment.
18:05 But it's an amazing console version. We have a super in-depth mii customiser that lets you create so many things. And I hope Nintendo continues to expand on it
Lovely
That damn Secret Agent Clank
Limitations breed creativity
I’m hoping for a ps2 and ps3 release LOOKING AT YOU SPIDER-MAN WEB OF LIES ON PS2
man, I was so disappointed when miitopia on the switch didn't have the spotpass randomized miis. *THAT WAS HALF THE FUN!*
Scott keeps coming up with ways to talk about very niche gaming things that are all good. every. single. one.
This is a really good subject for a YouTube video, and you've done the idea justice, covering most of the major examples of handheld games that ascended to consoles. Please consider anger management therapy for your television set punching, though.
Yo Kai watch came to switch in Japan. I don’t know how they did it
Resident Evil Revelations came to the switch as well, yeah I know "people look at the switch as a handheld mostly." It's still worth a mention though.
The only channel I watch that deserves to be on trending
LMAO “I’d marry this game just to put it through divorce” has to be one of the most Scott remarks I’ve ever heard.
999 is a nice example of a Portable game on a Homeconsole
12:27. He really did that for an one sec joke? Scott you are a legend!
Scott’s vid’s are fantastic but when you’re smacked they’re so funny
I really thought he was gonna talk about pokemon from the title.
The best one by far to make the jump from psp to console was Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker arguably the best Metal Gear game imo
I LOVE that Scott got a TV just to punch it for one frame. Committed to the bit like a boss man!! Haha 😂
Which one is your favourite Handheld Portable or Home Console?!
The main thing I got from this one is that, whenever a handheld game gets ported to console, it's industry standard to make the cover look less cool than it did originally.
Yesss, never stop Scott!👏🏼
I remember buying Liberty City Stories to turn my PSP in to an Emulation powerhouse
For a second I thought he legit lost a family member or something because of the first bit
scott: *buys old hd monitor/tv at yard sale* guy: "whatcha need this for? its pretty low qua-" Scott: "im gonna smack the shit out of it for a 2 second joke"
2:37 audio tripped me out I was looking out my window
Ant PTSD
To be fair, all handheld games would work better on a console with a controller. It's just a fact.
scott are you okay
Why do you have Megumi, Scott??? I just looked that up! Bahahaha! Giant anime girls that are basically godzilla in bikinis destroying a town and you have to shoot them down with a tank or something.
Liberty City stories’ main theme is sooooooo goated
Exactly how I feel when finishing a video on my phone when I started it on my computer
Scott the woz on trending is truly peak youtube.
"Why bring Miitopia to the Switch?" Idk but considering they closed down Miitomo and they haven't announced whether or not Tomodachi Life will ever get a sequel, I will fucking take the Miitopia port
Scott really has some of the best smart jokes out there
When you told us to imagine you as a Small ant, I expected a cameo that I don't think my brain was ready for.
It's wozzin time
It's so weird seeing the "old" version of the game being in sharp 16:9 and the "new" version being in 4:3.
I just noticed that Scott has never had a paid sponsorship from what Ive seen, which I can respect because I bet he has gotten a lot of offers.
12:29 SCOTT NO!  GODDAMIT, I NEEDED THAT SCREEN MAN
Are handheld title ports to switch really being ported to a home console when said console is portable?
Something like the Japanese only port of Yo Kai Watch on switch shows how companies can put such care in taking a a game that has features relying on the 3ds and transfer them over to home consoles
Hey Scott. I just wanted to say that you are my absolute favourite YouTube. Keep up the good work!
How many times did he said PSP?
I find Scott's oversimplification of Motorstorm disconcerting.
Do it Nintendo. Port Kid Icarus Uprising to the Switch.
Scott just looked at his copy of secret agent clank and was like Ah s**t I can make an episode out of this
My man broke a TV for a gag, that's commitment
#5 on Trending!!  Congrats Mr. The Woz
how is this #5 on trending
"someone got up on the wrong side of the bed"
This guy is pretty good, he should be a youtuber
12:29 OMG DID SCOTT BROKE HIS TV
The timing of this video couldn't have been better with Crisis Core Reunion and Persona 4 Golden on consoles coming out later
12:28  That poor TV...
Gravity Rush bros.... have we been forgotten?
It feels gross seeing the hand cam now knowing it’s carpet on a table
Hi Scott, Scott here. Do you think you could be bothered to dust off your handhelds for B role for f*$k sake
Can we all just appreciate how Scott broke a TV for a 3 second bit?
Next video: From Console to handheld
#4 ON TRENDING, WOW!
Aren't all switch games technically handled games?
Surprising he didn't talk about the god of war handhelds that got ported to ps3. I think they were pretty good and ghost of sparta was a big chunk of backstory
My conspiracy theory is Nintendo ported Miitopia to the Switch to test the market for a Tomodachi Life rerelease
They should've put Mega Man Powered Up and Mega Man Maverick Hunter X on PS2.
The Game Gear was more powerful than the Master System. While it had a smaller screen size, it had more colors.
WHY DIDN’T ANYONE TELL ME ABT THE NEW SCOTT VIDEO
i am not immune to stock screams being funny dammit
Did he destroy a screen just for this one sec 12:27  .. so much Scott
Fun fact: Scott’s real last name is The Woz. It’s Portuguese for “gamer”.
Turbografx 16/Turboexpress first time you could play console games on the go
Next time he's going to talk about lego games
RIP 3d block heroes breakout music
I really hope that TV punch was an effect and you didn't really destroy your TV for a gag! X'D But anyway, as usual, this was an awesome vid! I loved this! Super interesting to see the comparison between handheld games going to console and vice versa! I expected you to talk about how most of the handhelds TEND to be 2D platformers, but maybe that was mainly the games I played! lol. Was definitely interesting to see the other types of handheld games! Some of them were so unique, wow! I love it! Super awesome! Thanks so much, Scott When I saw this video in my feed last night, was SO excited to watch! >:D
NEXT UP... Mobile games to console!
I was feeling down due to things that I do not want to talk about but Scott never fails to cheer me up
12:29 ???????
12:27 Oh my god 😭
man he ruined a tv for a split second gag in this video. i love this guy
Scott is insane
This was the first video of you in months that popped up in my subscriptions. Glad to see you're alive 😅
Speaking of RE Revelations, it eventually got a switch release of the console version so its a handheld game that went to console and back to handheld(capable), and I can't help but feel like the ability to bring it anywhere is a not so unimportant part of its charm
aw man thats my favorite game ratchet and clank your c*ck is small its such a great game i love its story was nice and the gameplay was prestine
Wait we lost a member of the show where is pepto
trending!!!!
This are the kind of Scott videos I love.
Bro hes #4 on trending. So glad I met him. Go scott!
"You'd be stupid NOT to be stupid" - Scott is always so quotable.
They do this a ton nowadays.  It is crazy how many games for the portable Switch Lite are also on the Switch console.  Even weird games like Popeye get both portable and console versions.
Haven't met anyone that'll break their tv over hotshots golf 6
Number 4 on trending! Way to go, Scott!
scott at the kendrick lamar concert
12:25 Scott really decided to fck up his TV for a 5 seconds funny clip. Fcking legend
y the outro change bruh
Never thought i'd hear scott say godspeed
Say what you want about the PSP to PS2 conversions, at least Sony still supported the PS2 and its huge install base during a time when the PS3 was a $600 investment
I'm trying to cope with the fact Scott broke a perfectly working TV for a 1 second joke
Really enjoy your videos but clean your ps vita. Dear God.
when scott doesnt talk about kingdom hearts >:{
Gta Liberty City and Vice city come to mind.
I know he doesn't do rpgs, but I am generally surprised he didn't mention square enix with them doing hd remakes for theirs since he did mention Castlevania which is technically an rpg
**laughs in Birth By Sleep**
i'm waiting for airplane videogames
why does scott the woz have the peech patterns of joe swanson from famiely guy
Oh man, I played the PS2 port of Size Matters back in the day. It was...not good.
Great video, Im surprised Scott didn't talk about Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories though, since that game was on the gba first then to PS2 at least in the US
Talk about need for speed
happy fire emblem warriors three hopes launch day!
How much do you spend on electronics you break for 2 second bits?
Another upload this quickly? Today's a good day.
The Switch is a Handheld with TV Support(yeah "hybrid bla bla", but the PSP was also able of to be played on TV, years ago!), but for that idea, it's like buying a Game for a Handheld and Console at the same time.
The metal gear series had a lot of both spin off and Canon games. Peace walker even got the HD remaster for ps3. The psp would be my favourite console but the vita can run psp games better, shame it flopped
d-did he just break a TV? 12:27
The Virgin Secret Agent Clank vs. the Chad Daxter
I was genuinely expecting Scott to turn into antdude
Probably a bad idea to mention it, but you could've talked about how Birth By Sleep was ported from PSP to PS3, with the Kingdom Hearts 2.5 collection. Technically counts, since it was a handheld ported to a console.
12:20 - 12:29 this part had me rolling 🤣
I went through frame by frame on him punching the tv bc I know some shots like that end up being made with vfx, but i saw NO edits or cuts, RIP Scott's TV
I'm a psychopath, I preferred Motor Storm Arctic Edge on PS2 over the PS3 games for no particular reason other than it was fun.
God of War: Origins Collection on PS3 was really well-done. Two really good side-stories remastered and bundled together at a non-full-retail price was the best way to do it.
DID HE DESTROY A TV FOR A BIT??!?!!
It’s too bad Super Mario Maker for Nintendo 3DS didn’t get a Wii U port…
The title "Size Matters" was also in reference to the fact that one of the main plot points in the game is shrinking down to be small for certain actions - the game still wasn't very good, but the fact that it was on a handheld wasn't the only reason for the title
15:40 I also get terrified once I see that LED
Psp - ps2 , ps3 PsV - Ps3 , Ps4
I love how Scott will break a tv for a 1 second gag that he doesnt even acknowledge in the speech 12:27
Sonic the Hedgehog on the Master System was the first videogame I have ever played. I'm glad to see it finally getting some recognition. <3 PS: I'm currently working as a QA tester for SEGA right now. It all came full-circle.
somebody add the ant timeline to the Scott The Woz iceberg
The ant timeline is truely a horror
12:28 is the TV ok? I'm worried 🤣
We gonna talk about how he was so dedicated to the Video that he broke a tv for a 3 second clip?
12:27  SCOTT WHAT THE FUCK
12:24 Okay I lost it at the touch screen joke with the golf game
Can we get a game room update after you’ve fully moved in to your new house?
I'd watch Scott punch a television screen for hours.
I am so glad to see Scott upload another video
YES FUCKING YES THANK YOU SCOTT SOME SMALL KIDS LOOKING AT THE HORRIBLE TRENDING LIST AND SOMEHOW SEE A YOUTUBE ANGEL THERE I SHOULDVE CONGRATTED YOU TTHE FIRST YOU TRENDED ON GAMING  BUT WOW LOOK AT THIS NUMBER TWO IN GENERAL!!!!!!.........no poop joke come on were adults...ish...lol  But GD GOOD FOR YOU SCOTT WE NEED MORE TUBERS LIKE YOU TO FIX A LOOOOOT OF YTS PROBLEMS   IF ANY CREATORS SEE THIS TAKE ONE TIP FROM HIS ARSENAL....it may take a year to take off but force your self to make a little smtg as much as comfortable and just do it w passion, if ur passionate about it your more then halfway.  FCK THE ALGORITHM and etc don't pay attention and do ur thing, This is proof it can work even RN but more Importantly it could fix YouTube.  Maybe it's a bit naive of me..... but why tf not!!! It's worth the effort creators BAND TOGETHER   I TRULY BELIEVE THIS WOULD HAVE TO WORK
Was that ant joke at the end an Earth Defense Force tease? Are we getting a video on EDF next?
Enjoyable content
ya this is the second video I watch of this guy and I don't  get his appeal he tries hard to be funny but it comes off more annoying and desperate then funny and as far ask the info goes you can get the same info from a bunch of other youtubers  I wish him the best but he is not for me
I want to know why he just punched his TV for a video
I fell over when Scott punched his TV
I love that Scott will destroy a TV for a joke. Never change Scott
Did anyone else jump at 12:28?
The Project Diva series (especially F and F2nd) are great examples of games working just fine both in handheld and console! Maybe because it's a rhythm game lol
Scott broke a tv
There's also a few cases where they put a handheld game on consoles in preperation for a sequel on consoles. Like Gravity Rush and Gravity Rush 2.
I see we're keeping the trend of Scott never cleaning his consoles going.
There are ants in my pants.
Every time I dock my Switch, the "From handheld to console" happens
Bro you’re trending FAST AS FUCK!!!
pokemon still feels so weird on a TV
suprised patapon and patapon 2 were not mentioned, which got ps4 releases many years later
Good video
12:28 Why?
12:27 I have to respect stuff like this. Scott probably went and got a whole TV from a yard sale or the garbage, just for this 2 second clip of him smashing the tv.
scott is my favorite woz
Whenever the ending music comes on its like a jumpscare
I'm surprised there was no mention of Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker. It holds a weird place in series as being the only handheld game that is canon and the only connecting story between MGS3 and MGS5.
haven't watched the video yet, but miitopia's switch remaster rules, they took one of the best rpgs and made it better
Mr woz , what you did to ants...?
Ratchet & Clank is honestly one of the, greatest series of games all time .
do NOT look up the qwark opera from secret agent clank
12:27 Did- Did Scott just smash a screen for a quick joke on a video?
ant-sized Scott would be a living nightmare
I can now die peacefullt knoeing Scott used Liberty City Stories' Dark March as background music for one fo his videos
Silent hill origins was also released on the psp originally then ported over to ps2
I can’t believe that Scott is number 2 on trending
We gotta talk about porting DS and 3DS games to single screen platforms. 999 and TWEWY are interesting examples
2011 PSP •Burnout:Legends (bought by parents) •Midnight club LA REMIX (step-brother) •God of War Chains of Olympus or Ghost of Sparta •Ben 10: protector of earth •motorstorm arctic edge •(games from dad's friend from work) •GTA Liberty City Stories  •MX vs ATV •Spider-man 2 •juiced  •(self bought) •Need for Speed Shift •Gran Turismo
0:13 I was expecting his old theme to start playing.
20:25 I'll take any acknowledgement of this series I can get
My favorite transition from handheld to console was watching Scott on my phone to watching Scott on my Switch
For some reason 'Sly Cooper: Thieves in time' was specifically made with the psp in mind.
we not gonna talk about how at 12:25 scot just completely annihilated his tv
I had a soul and now I have a Steam Deck
I kid you not the first time I saw a 3ds I thought that it was a plug and play.
Scott is the king of the video game jokes
@7:00 I believe I hear some Sonic the Hedgehog music track 💙💛
He broke a TV for this?
1:54 GEX???
Gravity rush should've been mentioned in this video but it wasn't  Another great example of a psp game perfectly transferred to a console like the ps3 and ps4
12:28 this man really broke a whole tv for a 5 second bit truly amazing 100%!
I recently got a 13 inch tablet and have been using it to emulate psp games. The smaller screen was defintely used to hide how low res the graphics were. Fortunately if you can look past that the games are just as good as they ever were.
Daxter should have got the PS3 treatment its still so good and the daxter movie missions are just fun
#4 on trending currently
Gravity rush was a game that was on the vita originally and made the jump to console perfectly in my opinion
Silent Hill Origins PSP to PS2 was so weird on the ps2. Faces look so different.
I feel like the only person to ever play Chinatown Wars…
Honey, wake up, new Scott the Woz episode
Jax And Daxter The Lost Directions.
Rip TV
He didn't mention any Kingdom Hearts :(
12:25, woah... haha. Talk about going all out for the vid!
12:20 Lmao
ive tried pokemon fire red on gameboy as a kid and do to the small screen theres tons of details you miss. but thx to emulation you can see everything and it so nice!
Persona 3 portable coming to ps4 and everything else…
this outro music is no
The definitive way to play the Gta PSP games are on the Vita with a both joysticks
Are we just not gonna talk about how Scott broke a tv for a bit? Hilarious!!
I think a series somewhat infamous for this practice was the Kingdom hearts series. First handheld game was Chain of Memories which was a card battle RPG. Had super crunchy Cutscenes on a handheld. Somehow got a whole remake/remaster on PS2 which is literally the best version to play with the only subtraction being the Multi-player battles.  Birth By Sleep was on PSP and was fine for what it's worth. Later put on PS3 with the 2.5 collection and was smoother and better to play, only thing being taken away was the Multi-player for the Mirage Arena, but was compensated with buffing you up so you can handle the challenges by yourself. Dream Drop Distance on 3DS was released and was great. Later ported to PS4 with the 2.8 collection and literally nothing was taken away from the game except for the AR feature used for the dream eaters, and the special gold dream eaters you'd get for the AR cards released with the game was now put as in game recipes. Only games to not get this treatment was Re:Coded and 358/2 days which only got movies bundled in instead. Square was super weird about those sorts of ports and still kinda are.
The best handheld to console game ever has: and always will be: Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker. Shamefully it came out packed with 2 and 3
15:00 yeah I absolutely agree with that statement, I'd buy a good switch port of Kid Icarus Uprising without hesitation, especially as a left handet person.
a think scott only had an old tv to broke and just build an entire video around that bit
12:27 did he really break a TV for the meme lmao
i broke my hand and this was perfect timing to cheer me up
12:28 Add that TV to the list of things Scott has detroyed for a joke
I hear the Valedictory Elegy and I love it.
#4 ON TRENDING
I've been playing the Xbox 360 version of Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker recently and that's a PSP conversion that's extremely welcome. The bump in resolution and going from 20 fps to 60 is a godsend, and having a second analog stick to aim instead of using the face buttons makes the game control so much better. The downside is nearly everything about the game screams handheld game from it's visuals to it's mission design, enemy ai behavior, and Snake's moveset. I'd say it's still a good game, but stealthing around isn't nearly as satisfying as the other main entries in the series.
Lad punched his tv for a half a second gag
Did you know High Impact Games was actially formed by ex-Insomniac employees
I kept waiting for him to mention Silent Hill Origins and he never did! That was actually a pretty decent conversion to console.
That poor TV.... rip
Long live LEGO City Undercover: The Chase Begins
I like how Persona 4 went from PS2 to having an enhanced version on the PS Vita, and then that enhanced version got released on Steam and now it's going to be on modern consoles as well
The PS2 to PSP to PS2 pipeline of Midnight Club 3
I miss the old outro song ngl 😭😭😭
I was gaslighting my friend that secret agent clank WAS a real game (they thought it was a bit) until you spoiled it! I WILL HAVE MY VENGEANCE SCOTT THE "WOZ"
I'm surprised Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker HD wasn't brought up! It might have been the best example of a handheld-to-console conversion thanks to factors like the ability to transfer saves between the PSP and PS3 versions and the fact that this was a from the ground up remake made for console rather than them just trying to slap the PSP version onto the system.
That TV smash was so awesome.
🍺🇧🇷 BRAZIL MENTIONED 🇧🇷 🍺
From 13:17 to 13:52 there is a random Nintendo switch logo in the bottom right corner. Why?
I Was Here! 459,527 views
pls Atlus port your entire 3DS catalogue to Switch pls. You can't let some of your all time best games just die!
Ayy, this vid made trending, lmao
Put the ant scott in a jar
Why is Scott just unnecessarily interesting? He could describe the taste of cardboard and I would be amazed
lmao at the touch screen bit
Wow, this video reminded me of something. Oh yeah, the fact that Tomodachi Life isn’t on switch yet. C’mon Nintendo!! Give me back my dramatic Mii life sim!
I am really curious to know what Scott thinks of the Steam Deck which ACTUALLY brings PC and console gaming (through emulators) to a handheld.
Sonic's still blowing up garbage. Literally.
waiting for the next video
resistance: retribution is awesome! its the best resistance imo.  btw when are we gonna get a resitance collection?
Arctic Edge gave me an idea for a video you could make that's right up your alley. "Games That Came Out On Older Hardware Than Their Predecessor."  Could also talk about Sonic on the Sega Master System.
I was kind of wondering Scott do you have a steam deck because I wanted to hear your opinion on it
12:28 Man, that scared me! To sacrifice a TV for the sake of a gag is real dedication.
Scott *WOULD* have a miitopia party made of only himself wouldnt he.
50 shades of Scott
I have been a Handheld gamer since the gameboy and the PSP was a disappointment for me for the same reason the Vita was a disappointment.  I don't want a console that is constantly pushed as a little brother/sidekick/handheld version... Etc.  All of Nintendo's consoles are their own thing with their own equally good exclusives etc.
O.O  Scott Literally Broke a TV all for 1.5 seconds of airtime in his video! Mad Lad!
AM I HEARING MIITOPIA HATE  scott you are playing a dangerous game game with me here
this endings in the top 10 for sure
I can play civilization out there . I just hate the npcs bothering me while I'm trying to have a war with Gandhi
I thought no psvita on ps3 for the touch thing.... AWWWWW, RIIIIIGHT... psvita tv....
Does anyone know What song is in the background?
It always bothered me Daxter never came to console
Nothing like new episode of scott the woz playing while you lay in bed with massive hangover
1:29 man really has Wario world on a frame
12:28 did he straight up break that tv
He keeps coming up with astrange topics so he can stall for the L button video.
My boi Scott broke his tv for a quick gag. 😂😂😂 12:25
Gravity Rush deserves a good mention imo
now, for the lore enthusiasts to ponder: does scott actually own an old ford model t. or was it rhetoric?
12:27  Scott literally just busted a TV for a bit... I love this channel 😂
I actually liked AC Liberation. It came out at the time where AC games had way too much to do, and AC Liberation felt like a doable AC game again.
Scott the Woz, the only other YouTube channel to go into financial instability for a gag 12:25. But hey, he has Hot Shots Golf World Invitational on PS3 and PSVita.
12:28 Jesus fucking christ, Scott
god i just realized how god awful you look at the end there i cant look at your face for more then 3 seconds now
Do you want to know the most weird story about a port of a game? Iron Storm! It was released on PC, ported to consoles under the title "World War Zero" and this port was released on PC... Again...
Surprised smash 4 wasn’t brought up
All this video did is remind me how sad I am that Kid Icarus Uprising hasn’t been put on the Switch.
12:28 - just Scott destroying a whole tv for a 2 second joke
Honestly I think the WiiU was the best console for portable to home conversions. I mean, of course you can't carry the gamepad anywhere but it's still a handheld, just bigger and meaner, all while still being able to play on the TV when you want to. And also being able to play DS games there using both the gamepad and the TV, that's just amazing.  That said, I hope dual screens come back, even if it's a switch pro thing or whatever; it's kinda sad that some series that were built around the two screens will die because they wouldn't work as well with just one screen
12:28  did he just fuck up a tv for a split second bit
man really ruined a TV for a 3-second bit
Surprised there was no mention of Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker being brought over. That game worked surprisingly well as both a portable and a console title, though the visuals are a little goofy at times on the hd version
12:27 did you just break a whole TV for a 5 second joke?
Rip the 3ds shop next year
Scott, my wozniak, what kind of PSP games have you played. The ones we got had camera controls on the dpad with a side of handcramps.
I knew he was gonna talk about this
15:10 - Does anyone else find it funny that when Scott's talking about Resident Evil: Revelations, he has this super-cheery music from Kirby: Triple Deluxe playing in the background?
I rly like the ending , its a small brief glimpse into the human condition
ps3 hd collections would make a good video. so many cross gen titles being repackaged for good and some bad like silent hill hd collection.
so no one's gonna mention the absolute BOMBSHELL from his collection Scott dropped 30 seconds into the video? okay then.
All the Kingdom Hearts games (including the handheld ones) being on ps4 and pc is frustrating when all the handheld versions of the games are the better versions
Sad that Scott didn't talk about Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles games that went from the DS to the Wii... not because they are good or anything... in fact the opposite...
Say hello to the steam deck
the Switch: *Hello there.*
Is it hey ya’ll or hey all I’m more of a hey ya’ll
Shinji vibes in the opening
The lost frontier killed Jak and Daxter
omfg after getting my 3ds eshop games back, I replayed samus returns after playing dread and that had me thinking abt this topic a lot thx 4 existing Scott !
Still waiting for an episode talking about Splatoon...
I'm surprised he didn't bring up kingdom hearts chain of memories move to the PS2 or is that a remake
What about the game Tearaway? It started out on the PS Vita!
Heyyaall Scott Here!!!
I like bees
Region Lock Consoles:  Scott The Woz  Please 🙏
Thanks Scott, for reminding me ive been calling and yelling at my friend for 3 years to give me back my Vice City Stories for PS2. RRRRAAAAHWDHDN3JDJ
Hey Scott, all here
A Scott the Woz about vr would be awesome
A Scott the Woz about vr would be awesome
Really appreciate that Scott has a framed picture of the wario world box art
When he said it's already been done, I was hoping for a chibi robo ziplash cover
15:43 the battery warning gives me PTSD
I would have accepted the port from PSP handheld to PS2 a lot better if it had been done as a collection. Like if they had waited five years and released a disk that is PSP collections one and it had like five of these games or something then I would think that was awesome. Don't dress it up as something it's not
I feel like we need that video of Scott as an ant. Someone has to make it.
Actually... I'm willing to bet Ford WOULD service a Model T.
I want my hand held 🥺
That Batman game on Vita was a disappointment. A 3D Batman was possible to do for Vita, especially since we had Uncharted and Sly Cooper and Gravity Rush for the system.
I can't believe Scott broke a tv for a joke
I hope you don't put Daxter on the same tier as Secret Agent Clank, Daxter deserves more
He looks like if fyrishere didn’t play Celeste
it should have been miitopia 2 or a tomodachi life upgrade
Can't wait for Console to Handheld. Resident Evil 1 DS
"These games are meant to be played in an environment where you're not expecting as much from them." Spot-on!  I bought R&C Size Matters on PS2 back in the day and was mortified at how empty and lifeless the world was after the earlier 4 games. As well as the controls being somewhat vague and totally unlike what i'd come to expect from the series.  Years later I bought the PSP version and was happy with it as a portable R&C.
Wait the PSP was out on 2005? That…explains a lot actually 😅
ITS NOT SUNDAY
YEEEES HE'S BACK!!!!
the ps vita has special plugins to give you more ps2 like controls for the gta stories games, but only if you hack your vita and install adrenaline. also if you have a playstation tv and hack it, you get perfect ps2 controls
The weakest hey all scott here
Scott's Miitopia party consists of Scott (4x)
My man's a real Chad for playing with a blinking 3ds like it's nothing
I’d love to watch a 20 hour compilation video of just Scott’s out of context B-role
AH! New outro!
Scott did from handheld to console before from console to handheld? No wonder I felt this episode was off until I reread the title. I also didn't know that GTA LCS was first released on handheld
Tomodachi life needs to come to swifch
I recently played through the entire Kingdom Hearts series and the two portable games they ported to console both play well, though in Birth by Sleep they forgot to pull the camera out.
Well now you can buy the PC releases and play it your steamdeck on the bus.  Unless it's AC Liberation. Thanks Guillemot!!
"PS2 port is better but it was designed for PSP so its worse". What???
Switch is still a handheld
MAKE A HOUR LONG VIDEO ON THE L TRIGGER
What about DS games on Wii U Eshop??
This 20:25. DtL my beloved.
This is the second time in a row Castlevania: Lords of Shadow: Mirror of Fate has appeared in a Scott the Woz episode. Think about that for a second.
9:34 bizarre
scott bought a tv just to punch it for a gag. Scott, you're comfort food for the soul <3
Tokobot Plus was my favourite PSP to PS2 conversion.
I gotta say, I appreciate Sony keeping games coming out on the PS2. Some kids that weren't well off enough to get a PS3, could use the family's DVD player (the PS2) to play new games that were still being put out, at a price that they might be able to save up and buy.
12:25 the screen tho...
I think Zero Escape and Twewy were some pretty interesting examples of this... I never thought the transition from handheld to console would actually be able to impact a game's story before I played them.
If Scott has said a worm instead of an ant, it would have been an unintentional reference to the game “Worms”
12:29
Sonic on the Master System was my childhood gaming experience before the DS Lite came out.
I heard every Switch Lite games are ported over to a console that's suspiciously named Switch too
I'll be honest Vice City Stories is good enough to stand alongside the mainline PS2 games, infact it's probably my personal favorite GTA because I'm weird.
did you destroy a TV for this video?
Too bad He didn't Play Wipeout Pulse PS2 for himself, that port runs worse than the PSP version
As a huge Twisted Metal stan Head On on PS2 is a must have
where is the L button video?
"From handheld to console" But this whole video is about console to handheld. Weird dyslexic title.
The beginning seemed like something was really wrong, I was worried for a moment
The Miitopia segment was too short. That game was a masterpiece
Do more videos about specific consoles please (SNES, genesis, nes, ps1 etc.)
My favorite part of Scott's videos is when he shows gameplay on a handheld and the screen hasn't been cleaned in years
"Just because some things are small doesn't mean that they don't have a lot going on" Thanks Scott, I really needed to hear this 😅
I have wanted you to make this video ever since your mobile > console video
Monster Hunter on the psp probably was one of the best ports, at pretty much improved everything, even the controls.
Manhunt 2 was on psp ps2 and Wii, manhunt 2 used to be on the vita store and it plays fantastic
Surprised the Kingdom Hearts handheld games didn't get mentioned. Chain of memories got remade from the ground up, some got ported, others just became movies.
This is amazing
12:25 Scott has no limits
This man deserves all the success in the world.
What's wrong with birds running for senate?
Really surprised Metal Gear Solid Peace Walker wasn’t mentioned at all in this video
I thought you were gonna mention Mario Kart 8 Deluxe's ported courses from mobile Mario Kart Tour but I guess I'll wait for another time
12:26 Please... tell me.. you didn't actually...
scott... GTA 3 on the go is on 3ds. Someone reverse engineered gta 3 for homebrew 3ds consoles. Played it earlier lol
I woke up wearing the same clothes as yesterday, I can’t remember what I ate for dinner, my phone is at 20% but at least Scott uploaded
Scott Is Exactly The Same Since The Start And Never Gets Old.
Did he just break a TV for a single second joke haha 😂
Well now with the 3ds eshop dead hopefully we'll see more ports from it  For example SMT 4 I 'll probably never get to play this game otherwise its digital only in Europe and some moron region locked the 3ds despite the ds being region free
13:30 tell me 'bout it! Liberation HD graphics on PC are so obviously worse than multiple previous entries in the series!
Man I want that old Scott the Woz outro back.
Surprised he didn’t talk about Monster Hunter Generations and Generations Ultimate; a game made for the 3ds based on the foundation of Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate getting an HD port to consoles with an entire new rank, doubling the monster count, and including two new play styles. Effectively making the 3DS original absolutely worthless
U broke your TV just like that
Does 3ds games being ported to the switch count as a console release?  I thought we were done pretending it was a "hybrid console".
I find the lack of Gravity Rush disturbing...
Ever Oasis needs to be overhauled to be a full switch game and it would be amazing
I certainly miss a modern proper handheld. Forget about next gen graphics, I just want to play 3ds games and visual novels on a sharp oled screen on the go.
Vice City Stories was brilliant with the empire system. A shame Rockstar didn't implement it into fresher GTA titles.
12:28 Scott Broke The TV!
I was expecting, at least, a metion to any MGS game... :/
I got motorstorm twice on Christmas one year one from dad and one from my grandparents I kept the grandparents copy and sold the other for infamous 1
One day Kid Icarus Uprising could be one, hopefully.
You destroyed a TV for 4 second clip? wow  I love your content!
Kinda surprised he didnt talk about chain of memories or dream drop distance
12:30 had me hollerin' 😂😂😂. We don't deserve Scott.
Ohio boy
Horror games on a handheld is a dangerous game, way too easy to launch the device out a window
Bruh buy a steamdeck
12:28 he actually did it
Yay
12:28 rip tv
My man broke a tv for a 0.5 second joke
Imagining to be an ant... I read David Safier's Bad Karma, so yes I can. Ain't fun.  Also Scott surely talked a whole lot less about the Switch in this than one would imagine. I am surprised that he didn't went for the low-hanging fruit and and put the Switch Lite into his "scissor reel" of Homeconsole to Handheld Conversion segment.
Hey, isn’t this the guy who owns sonic jam?     And Sonic 2 with a line?
The thumbnail looks just like his old ones
The first time I heard about PSP -> PS2 was with WipEout Pulse. Back then, I had it on PSP. When I first saw the PS2 version, I was confused. And checking it out... yeah. It is really weird. The models and environments got more detailed and they improved the textures.  But the game now takes ages to load everything. From Tracks, to save data and even the ships in the ship selection, which makes menuing painfully slow. Voice lines welcoming you to every track got cut and replaced by a long awkward silence. They also obviously cut PSP features like the online stuff and playing your own music. And I can't remember if they even included all DLC that the PSP version got.  Though the biggest sin: The frame rate is horrendous. The PSP at least tried to get to 60fps, which it sometimes hits. But it probably sits at around 45 most of the time.  The PS2 on the other hand. Oh boy. It doesn't even reach 30. What the heck.
What if the Port of Yoshi‘s new Island might be the cure to Depression……
Bruh I read "From handheld console to"
The name Size Matters does relate to the story of the game, so it does make sense for the ps2 version aswell
I expected to see mgs: peace walker somewhere in here. My favorite mgs follows that portable to console format and I fucking love it
17:28 malenia?
I wish mario and Luigi super star saga remake came to the switch and not the 3ds at such a late state. I feel it would have been great and maybe helped keep that company afloat.  But I also loved that game boy game so I could be biased too.
The game gear versions of the 8 bit Sonic games may have severe screen crunch but they also fix a lot of annoyances like no longer dying from falling in the vertical part of Jungle Zone.
The intro feels like the lore of Scott The Woz continues.....
Drawn To Life mention, yay.
Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories anyone? (GBA to PS2)
Scott, I love you man but you have to bring back the old end credit music... the new one just isn't hitting the same way. It's bascially the mobile console port equivalent of end credits.
Miitopia fans are already starving we dont need to kick them more in the ground
I'm starting to believe that his background (table and weird random stuff) is actually a green screen
Also, there is Persona 4, which was originated from ps2 and ps3   And then was upgraded to Persona 4 Golden on PS Vita  And then the enhanced version is ported to Xbox, Playstation, Steam, Switch   The same could somewhat be said for Persona 3 and 5  Mad respect for Atlus
Twisted Metal: Head On - Extra Twisted Edition is by far my favorite Twisted Metal game. I love Twisted Metal overall, but this one was amazing, and I'm so glad they ported it over.
my man really hasn't mentioned Metal Gear Solid: Peacewalker...
My man blastin Kirby Superstar soundtrack in the background, legendary!
I'm legally blind! :D
No Tearaway :o ?
Ratchet & Clank slander?!?!  Within the first 2min?!?!?
One that’s interesting if annoying and weird is Crash Tag Team Racing, released the same day on PS2 and PSP if you connect the two you get bonus content in each, content that isn’t in the other versions
They made an enhanced Miitopia Port for me.  I asked for this. I wanted this. I'm the reason this exists and I'm not sorry for it, I absolutely adore the game.
You forgot Japanese rail sim 3D Jeorney to Kyoto, going from 3ds to switch.
30 seconds in and I'm learning PS Japan was not Messing around
"I'll gladly pay €20 extra for this switch game so I can play it on the go; paid online subscription and 14 fps!"
He broke a TV to talk about a psvita golf game
I think Scott is slowly going insane
i have blackgate for 3ds. it's a nice game. i just gotta find time to finish it...one day...  and dang, sonic chaos was the only game i had for gamegear. i loved that game. even though super sonic wasn't on it. lol
Yoo, Scotts videos are getting better again
Fun fact, assassin's Creed liberation is the second assassin's Creed game that was on a portable PlayStation console, even more fun fact its the first portable console assassin's Creed game that was good, lol assassin's Creed bloodlines was so bad ubisoft took parts of it and rewrote them into assassin's Creed revelations as the altair parts, its barely even mentioned, its officially the second assassin's Creed game before ac2, it was altairs continuation of his story, it was on PSP, and stayed there to be forgotten so badly even the animus couldn't bring that ancient history to light.
He destroyed his TV for a 4 seconds gag He'll never change
Casually smash screen with agressive force
If Scott were smaller like an ant, we could call him Scott the SmallAnt.
Take a Vacation!
I wanna see Scott make a video about failed and interesting video game mascots, some that were dead on arrival, some that were annoying, and some that had so much potential. Gex, Blasto, Zool the Gremlin, Bubsy, Rocky Rodent, and so much more.
12:28 im weak😂
Ur videos are too long bro
shocked he didn't mention monster hunter in any way.
12:25 It's Mario Kart yet again
The new theme really didn't have to slap so hard.
Good video
That was a quick new video
PSP is a handheld with PS1 and PS2 style of graphics.  PS Vita is a handheld with PS2 and PS3 style of graphics.  Those are the best for Handheld Gaming but as you know, SONY abandoned handhelds as soon as the PlayStation branch shifted to the SOYNY of California.  The PSP and PS Vita had huge support from Japanese consumers, the reasons why they abandoned handhelds was they didn't want the Otaku market, they wanted the AAA Gaming market instead.  Plus Smart Phones destroyed all other possibility for handhelds.
Porting to switch doesn't count as not handheld.
Blowing up garbage
Scott fucking broke a flatscreen hd tv for this video, kinda respect but destruction of expensive shit on youtube isnt unheard of so i hold back
12:27 did he just smash a flatscreen for this gag? O_o ohh i see permanent marker written on it. Probably a thorw away or somethin.
Scott, you missed the japan only Chocobo tamagochi that was also a memory card that let you grind items for Final Fantasy 8 which was then ported over to steam and now you can play a 16x16 pixel screen game in 4k
nothing makes a better last day of the holidays than a new scott episode.
No way you skipped Tearaway
Holly guacamole! Did you brake a tv and draw on wii for 1 sec joke? You did, didn’t you. Dude, you’re legend.
No one talking about Scott only having copies of himself as his miitopia team?
neat.
the things i would do to make nintendo port samus returns to switch...
I know that did a dedicated video reviewing the game but seems odd that Scott didn't bring up Gravity Rush from PSVita to the PlayStation 4.
Thanks Scott, I just bought RE Revelations on 3DS over the Wii U version. FML
There are few good ones too, like Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate and Monster Hunter Generations Ultimate, which both came out on the 3DS first and were then ported to the WiiU and Switch respectively, and the Home console versions ended up being the definitive releases of those games.
new outro music??
The Woz-ard of Oz
12:29 Scott destroyed a tv for us
Gravity Rush ❤
I love how this man mentioned liberty city stories and the exact liberty city stories theme started playing in the background
I love the console version of Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker.
Thanks for the 1 am release
RIP TV!  The Game Gear was nuts. I can only think of one game where there Game Gear version was better than the Master System version that being Batman Returns. However if the Master System version was superior, no worries, they made a converter so you could play Master System games on the thing! Good old Batsh*t crazy Sega. Doing things in defiance of all the laws of God and Man.
D-Did you just break a tv for a 2 second gag?
“How many handheld games are truly designed around that smaller experience”   So what you’re saying, is Size Matters?
12:28 Omfg that touch screen support lol
Should have had an AntDude cameo at the end! XD
I had Liberty City Stories on PS2 as a kid and never new it was a PSP game. I'll be discussing this with my therapist.
Fun fact: Ford will service old vehicles if requested. Oldest my dealer worked on was a '72. That was in early 2020 though so maybe things have changed since 🤷🏼‍♂️
The first titles that came to my mind were the PSP GTA games and Silent Hill Origins.
So what you're telling me, is to play the PS2 versions, but emulated on my SteamDeck?
I too can imagine myself ending the earth as an ant... It must have something to do with growing up and existing in ohio
You know, a lot of people want DS and 3DS games to be ported to the switch, whether through virtual console or as a straight up port. I understand and agree that the games should be preserved and it would be nice to be able to buy those older games at reasonable prices, but I feel like most games wouldn't work. And this video lays out all the resons I feel that way.
Miitopia is so cool
I love how all the miis in miitopia are just scott
Quite funny, I have ratchet and clank size matters on both ps2 and psp, but I finished the game on psp connected to a tv, Something I could do if I just played the ps2 version. Also the ps2 version has better camera controls, but yeah. When you play the game you just feel like the psp version is the right one to play in the first place.
Don't forget Gravity Rush/Gravity Daze.  Started development as a ps3 game, released on vita, got a ps4 remaster right before the ps4 sequel.  The game feels better to play on vita, but looks better on ps4.
Should I hack my 3DS? I totally skipped that gen and I'm sad they closed the shop.
Do tomadachi life
Me watching a scott video Me:bored Scott: something interesting  And it repeats
I want to wipe that PSP screen clean
I think it's a shame when a system's signature games move elsewhere. It would still be worth owning a vita (outside of emulation) if games like Tearaway adn Gravity Rush hadn't gone to ps4. Imagine how worthwhile and collectable the wii u would be now if you couldn't play all its best games on the switch.
i think this video is great and i might just watch it again
The timing of this video is PERFECT as tomorrow Sony releases a bunch of psp game onto PS4/5 consoles with ps plus premium. I've been hoping they'd give us toy story 3 with the classics since the service started and boy was I excited when I saw it on the list of upcoming games until.... I saw "psp" next to the name.... Why?!?! Just give us the better version!!
Great! Now I wanna play Megumi... Thanks Scott!  😒
Hey Scott, great video overall, but I noticed you were using a gen 1 dualshock on a PS2. 0/10 video.
ngl I'd watch scott talk about the z button for 2 hours
All I got from this is that there is a Secret Agent Clank available for console and is really the only other game from that series I need to play and complete. The other is All4One
Yessss I love your videos :)))))
Never expected to hear Secret agent Clank compared to God of War III… ever!!!
How much did that tv cost. Was it worth the sight gag of punching a LCD?
scott really just punched his tv for a 1 sec joke
16:54 they really should bring that game over to switch and actually make it playable. The cutscenes are even rendered just like the console game but are extremely compressed to fit on a 3DS card.
I don’t know about the wii u but the Nintendo switch is better
Scott's Miitopia party being just multiple Scotts is awesome
12:28 Did he just break his fucking TV for a bit!!??? I love this man
I loved the episode but was thrown off by not hearing "Hey y'all Scott here!" to start the episode.
And then we got emulation working on the Steam Deck.
The new outro song still doesn't hit the same 😔
Can scott please do something related to danganronpa I don't care if its negative
This is some quality garbage up-blowing
The history of the sega master system in Brazil goes beyond of just getting gamegear ports , not too many people had the sega genesis/ mega drive in Brazil , so the only way to play sonic was with master system
I wish scott streamed
No mention of Gravity Rush? I am sad.
12:28 Scott WHY
Freaking Scottwoz
Next up is going to be console to handheld, your welcome.great channel Sottwoz
DONT DISS MIITOPIA
Jesus did you actually break a tv 12:27
2:41 Oh my god Scott finally collabed with Arlo!
Scott destroying tv again 😅
This one banged much harder than the previous upload
Scott needs to charge his 3DS at 15:40
All that talk of the PSP and no Peacewalker. 😩
no one talks about motorstorm enough
Hit
Hot take but Wipeout Pulse > Wipeout Fusion so I'm glad is on the PS2
Looking 3 years younger scott! That break did you well!
Vice City Stories was literally the only GTA game I had on PS2
The off-centre logo on the PS2 Ratchet and Clank: Size Matters cover art is upsetting.
Worst case of this is jack and daxter the spin off total it’s not good
Where's peace walker?
Scott using Turnabout Sister when mentionning Ace Attorney makes him based
Scott talked about Ace Attorney, party time!
I miss Motorstorm! Such fun games!  SplitSecond was another game I wish Disney hadn't destroyed!
I didn't expect the episode to end like that, and yet id be disappointed if it didn't
Imagine a scott the woz podcast
Dawg at 11:10 I read that as Uncharted Golden A   ss
I love the repeated punchlines regarding secret agent clank on the ps2. It was even funnier to me since i just recently finished that game in ps2 myself. (On ps2)
Interesting that he only covered ports in this video and not adaptors as well.   Of course, things like the Super Game Boy 1 & 2, Game Boy Player for Gamecube, and Virtual Console could make for an interesting video on their own.
Scott is the only guy who'd break an entire TV for a 1 second bit
Nintendo's gonna make us buy the whole Wii U catalogue before they start bringing more 3DS games.  Want Kid Icarus Uprising or Samus Returns? Sorry, you get Star Fox Zero and Devil's Third.
Dude really broke a TV for a half a second joke. Hats off, you’re the man.
Grezzo bringing over Miitopia instead of Ever Oasis to the Switch was a crime I do not understand Nintendo's reasoning for!
Wow, someone blew their budget by using the Wilhelm and Howie scream in the end. Well done. The few content creators that care about their audience. We would have been understanding and content with just the Wilhelm, but you spoiled us.
Please make a video about the Jak And Daxter series!
For me PSP version of LCS feels weird because I played it first on PS2
12:28 Scott, was that supposed to happen?
I'm late
22:55 Scott wants to become Antdude
Okay but where's Kid Icarus Uprising on Switch? (please Nintendo for fuck sake)
I fully expected this video to be Scott talking about gravity rush for 20 minutes
🔥🔥🔥🔥
12:28 scotts contentment to good content never fails
the broked da tv
EX Troopers was a good game that was released on both 3DS and PS3
Scott, do you have Sitting Ducks for the PS2? Could you make a video on it?
:)
scott, you've made another banger. never stop doing what you love, this is why you're my favorite youtuber, you make literally everything interesting and enjoyable
PSP games are already like console games so when they come to PS2 I feel nothing. Warioware on Gamecube on the other hand...
that size matters joke is one of the best
scott makes everything great.
Lost frontier was the first Jak game I played unfortunately
Where the video about the L button?
While not many, you missed a few mobile to console games which I would consider the same topic
Scott could probably do a video on credits, it's always entertaining.
Scott took the time to grab a new monitor, plug in all the cords, connect the system to the tv, and start the game up, all for a 1 second clip of him punching the tv, effectively breaking it. Great effort as always, Scott!
I was surprised he didnt Mention the Twewy switch port. One of the worst Handheld to Console games ever created.
This is also the name for watching Scott videos on TV instead of your phone
Assassin's Creed Liberty was later brought over to PS4 and Xbox One with Assassin's Creed 3 remastered.
Miss the old ending music but damn do the videos get better
I'm still waiting for a PS4 remaster of Uncharted: Golden Abyss.   If Kingdom Hearts: Dream Drop Distance can make the jump from 3DS, Uncharted can from the Vita.
Lovely video Scott! However, I must say, there was a surprising lack of Cars: the Videogame for Nintendo Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, and/or PSP and their surprisingly differing console partners.
Scott sacrificed a TV/monitor for a 2 second clip. That's love.
Can’t wait for “from console to handheld”!
Man, Scott uploads a new video today. What's the deal with that? Well, today is my birthday. So, Thanks for upload this video today Scott, you're the best.
Twisted Metal is a great franchise and Head On was a great title. I really hope it comes back for the PS5.
He pulled out the cuffs and I'm like oh I see.
I noticed Scott's 3DS's battery was dying when he played RE: Revelations.
The Kirby music in the background is a little detail that made me so happy
Scott is so dedicated he even punched a TV for a split second as a joke.
Destroying a screen for a 1 second joke about an obscure golf game. This is art.
Oh my god he broke his tv
I am here because eShop is about to close
Scott the Woz videos are super fucking liminal.
Bro named his parents
Damn didn’t realize vice city stories came out on psp first
Great vid!! When's the Smash Ultimate Review?!?
Holy crap! Scott The Woz uploaded on Loona in Mexico Day
Even trapped in a void of nothingness, Scott can’t escape the blue borders
That ant part was super out of left field. Definitely not a joke I'd expect from you, but it honestly was really funny!
On psp there is gta game that is only exclusive to psp it never got console port that games name is gta chinatown wars jep that is real
Never thought I would see Scott mentioning Brazil 21:43, as a huge fan, this made my day.
2:20 wait wait wait. Motorstorm Arctic Edge wasn't on PS2 lol  Edit: WTF IT WAS??
Sad not to see the mention of Silent Hill: Origins! That game was originally made for PSP I'm pretty sure, but was also released on PS2. It was definitely designed for PSP but the PS2 port is admirable at least.
I know Scott loves Nintendo music as we all do but he's gotta stop playing Nintendo music whenever he talks about Sony/Microsoft exclusive games or consoles. That's like putting Mario games into Playstation hardware
Scott: Handheld Games To Console Is Amazing But Sadly The Screen In Handheld Is So Small.    Me: Laugh In Handheld Emulator On Rtx Wide 60FPS PC.
There was a severe lack of Kingdom Hearts in this video
Batman NES music under the Batman segment. Nice
Gotta say, it's a fun coincidence that you brought up GTA Vice City Stories in this video, because I just bought a copy of it *today.* Hell, I'd just played through the first few missions right before watching this!
My life long goal is to one day rival Scott's Wii U collection
I was watching scott yesterday and wanted a new video from one of my favourite YouTube. Thank you scott so much.
Hey Scott, charge your 3DS.
People are going to stare aghast when I make the joke, “I’m gonna marry them to put them through a divorce”, and little do they know the funny Nintendo guy told me it
Scott's "would you love me if I was a worm" moment
Scott your so entertaining you could talk about different garbage bags and I'd watch
Even though I barely played the game when the Baten Kaitos Origin battle theme came on I felt my neurons firing like crazy... What an amazing music score that one was. Literally has to pause the video to verify if my memory was correct.
I love how this entire video is just making fun of secret agent clank
The start of the video feels like an apology video
22:56 the fact that just changing the camera angle makes him look like he's in a green screen scares me
Ok I've warmed up to Scott's new outro, I can still bop to this
Hi you all
I thought I was gonna hear about Monster Hunter Generations Ultimate. 🤣
8:41 How has no one mentioned that Scott added Garfield : lasagna world tour for a 2 second bit.
Assassin's Creed liberation HD on switch is a match made in heaven imo
Spoiler: This episode is Scott literally saying "Would you still love me if I was a worm?"
This one gets dark
GTA with Kirby music in the background makes so much sense!
I am OFFENDED you didn't mention Gravity Rush in any way Such a great little gem of a game that was originally exclusive to ps vita. Play it if you ever get a chance. Trust me, you won't regret it
You smell bad
i love how many times ive seen scott do a little off one gag that get me rolling
the game gear sonic titles all got ported to game cube in Sonic Adventure DX
Wait till you find out what a SDeck can do.
I would like to know if you literally punched a hole in your tv just to explain the lack of touch controls in the golf game.
You gotta charge that 3ds bro
I could feel the raw emotion in the intro
It's the sctt was
This video hits different
I wonder if Nintendo will release another handheld console in the next decade. How will they go past the 3DS?
A recipe for existence sounds a lot like childbirth
206,877th.
Pog
Damn, no mention of Pac 'n Roll Remix?
did you like the playstation vita
I always thought the Game Boy Player and the Super Game Boy were the best handheld-to-console conversion because it is literally an exact emulation of the hardware. It’s unfortunate that gimmicks like touch screens made that harder for PSP and DS going forward, plus I wouldn’t be surprised if that emulation would become harder and harder to achieve as portables were getting better.
22:55 Scott thinks about his days during the console wars. Circa 2022.
Where’s Kingdom Hearts BIrth by Sleep?
Nice
❤️
So... everytime I put my switch into it’s deck from the handheld mode?
Ooh
danm on a phone the psp and ps2 logo look the same
16:00 okay but on the 3DS you can see her ass in stereoscopy can the 360 do that  Also I'm surprised he mentioned Sega but didn't talk about the Nomad
Can’t believe he didn’t mention chain of memories
I wanna see Scott the Woz do an episode in SpongeBob games
I would give my right big toe for another Lego city game.
Never got a  vita gta
buying a tv just to break it in a 1 second scene ha
You forgot MGS:Peasewalker ports
Y the heck they chose miitopia over tomodatchi life....only Nintendo would make such a move
You missed the opportunity to talk about mobile games ported to consoles.
Twisted Metal: Head-On. Spent way too much time in high school playing that on my PSP.
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO YOU AGE
Would have loved a shout out the Pokémon [ultra] sun and moon almost getting a switch port if Switch didn't blow up in popularity. Even the bottom screen features were made almost nonexistent just for an easier/cheap transfer with a guaranteed money maker game.
I mean.... Imagine if Scott was actually an ant 🐜
Ah yes, the myth that the jak and ratchet psp games were good on psp and were ruined by the ps2 ports. No. They fucking sucked always. They just looked impressive on the psp so they got good scores there
yay new upload!!
the littlebigplatnet stock scream sounds at the end lmao
Nice seeing scott not talk about primary nintendo for once
9:06 dame how did he know
He broke a TV for a joke that lasted like one second. Bravo.
I'm surprised you didn't mention Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker.
that ending is as closest i'll get of scott acknowledging starcraft 64
I was today years old when I found out revelations was a 3DS game originally
I can't wait for him to talk about mario 3d world for the 4th time, for 2 hours this time
I firmly believe that Resident Evil Revelations saved the franchise, it proved to Capcom we wanted more horror focused RE, especially after 6
“I’d marry this game just to put it through divorce” Christ that got me, I was not expecting such a dark joke there
omg dude, I nearly choked on my drink when Scott punched his tv xD
Did Scott buy and destroy a tv for a 1 second bit.. 😂
Miitopia is such a fun game tbh
Core memory unlocked: Drawn to Life🧠
If you want an example of a near flawless conversion from Handheld to Console, Trauma Center Second Opinion was a Wii "port" of the DS title Trauma Center Under the Knife, but fully reworked for the Wii and is in many ways its own game, converting the Stylus Controls to Wiimote and Nunchuck in a way that few other games pulled off. ...goddammit, now I want another Trauma Center game please Atlus bring it back
Big fan of seeing parallel universe Scott talk about stupid Sony games
Are you really sure that touch screen didn’t work?
These games were made for the generation growing up in the late 2000s. Too young for a PS3, so all we had were our PS2s and PSPs. These ports definitely did the trick.
What's with the creepy voices/singing in the background? 10:00
hey hey people, scott here
I agree with Scott's take that LEGO City Undercover: The Chase Begins for Nintendo 3DS should be ported to consoles
There are players who, like myself, only have PS2 consoles. I would never get to play any of those "Handheld" titles if they didn't have a PS2 port.
Hey Scott! All here.
"These games just don't work on a handheld!"  That's a fair statement, but when throwing up footage of Secret Agent Clank at the same time implies that game worked on PSP to begin with.
So, the last two videos are why I became a big fan of yours so fast.   These are the types of things that I would wonder about and think "hm, I bet no one cares about that thought" and would instantly toss it aside assuming I was just being silly. Thanks for these great videos.
I love you, Scott the Woz
Almost the whole PSP library is made up of games that have been stripped down to run on the handheld and their complete version is on the PS2/PS3.  I think you can do a whole video of just PSP to PS3 comparisons.
That poor tv got punched for a second long joke lmao
Should have also mentioned the 3DS Kingdom Hearts game that was remade for the PS4.
They included  liberation with 3s remaster on 8th gen consoles
He broke a tv screen for a 3 second gag. No other content creator is this committed.
You forget about Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: Echoes of Time. That split screen on wii was weird.
Warming up to the current outro theme. Also, nice video.
One of the more interesting ones that should have been covered is Kingdom Hearts: Chain of Memories. A GBA game that was from the ground up remade for the PS2 with full voice acting added. And the PS2 remake is the one ported to the PS3 in the HD collection and later to the PS4 too.
That poor TV...
Artic Edge PS2 released on my 9th birthday. I don't know how I feel about that.
12:28 this reminds me of a certain blue 3DS that made sudden acquaintance with the floor
When you mentioned adapting touch screen controls for the Wii, I'm reminded of when they made those trauma center Wii games.
This video should have been called “Go Gaming on the Console”
Can't wait for console to handheld just so I can see you talk about Bionicle heroes ds
Miitopia deserved the port to console. I like that the demo doesn't have a time restriction, or a restriction on how many Miis you can own (at least, not a different restriction to what the main game has). It's basically a downloadable Mii Maker with a little bit of extra "game" attached. Sad there was no mention of Kirby Clash, though.
I know you didn't do all the games, but one PSP to PS2  game you missed that I wish had been covered was Burnout Dominator.
Technically every PS Vita game and Nintendo Switch game is this because of the PSTV and TV Mode
Just this morning i was thinking   I Need a scott the woz   Now i got it
I mean, I'm imagining Scott the Woz as an ant but I just see Flik in glasses... am I that far off? XD
12:26 - this caught me off-guard. Literally burst out laughing.
Fav YouTuber fr the goat
another example of this technically is how the parappa ps4 port is just a port of the psp version running on an emulator idk if it counts because it WAS a port of the og ps1 version to the psp
Scott felt different in this video. WHATS GOING ON?!
Scott playing a PS2 on a flat panel with obviously no upscaler....sheesh, that lag looks brutal. do your homework.
I much prefer the PS2 version of Silent Hill Origins.
I’m surprised he never mentioned the Nintendo Switch
Why won't ford service my model t
peace walker
Hey, Scott…
Not 1 mention of the Switch from the man, Blasphemous
I love NMS software too. The final officially licensed NES game was the Gameboy port of Lion King ported to the NES and is literally missing half the game.
You should do a video on mobile games brought to console.
If you're talking about bad ports how could you not mention the Wii version Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: Echos of Time game. It was literally just the top and touch screen side by side on a TV floating in an orage void.
Send help I'm being dragged away by Scott the Woz ants
i love this so much bc i just bought and have been replaying vice city stories for psp, as that was the first gta i ever played, i was in third grade staying at my cousin’s and he had the darth vader psp. fun fact about the psp versions, they have multiplayer
There's actually a particularly weird version of this process. There was a long period of time where Square-Enix would port the mobile versions of their older games to Steam. Which makes little sense when you consider the conversion being from NES/SNES to cell phone to PC.
When it comes to handheld to console games, Gravity Rush stands out to me. It was the game that got me to buy a Vita, and it ended up coming to PS4, only to get a sequel there.  Shame I can't say the same about Freedom Wars...
Scott really used the Half-Life 2 zombie sounds there didn't he.
First day of High-school Senior Year for me tomorrow, yaaay.
2:40 Oh no! Scott felt threatened and turned gaming YT competitor Arlo into a security camera!
kingdom hearts bbs
Hey Scott…..talk about the steam deck
well, at least you can just play it all on the steam deck now
I got my psp soon after it came out. My grandma who's now gone got it for me. Also got me Madden and Vice City Stories. It was so cool playing games like that on the go. Especially GTA. But damn, that bomb mission with the remote controlled robot in the guys mansion lol
12:28 you have to respect Scott for destroying a tv for a 3 second bit
Maybe we'll get a kid icarus uprising switch port some day...
12:28 Holy shit. That was the first time I’ve been genuinely caught off guard in one of Scott’s videos.
Good to see a stupid nintendo games guy joining in on a classic stupid playstation games guy tradition: getting mad at Lost Frontier and Secret Agent Clank.
i am just now realizing how great Ghost Trick could have been on the Wii U
we need tomodachi life port to switch its better than miitopia
That ending joke was amazing
0:50 Kirby SNES musick! 🤘
Hello
That twisted metal head on port is cool it came with so many extra features good stuff
Eh, well Gravity Rush is better on the Vita but the PS4 version is not bad?
Thank goodness Scott isn’t an ant!
Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker, despite being designed for the PSP from the get go, was much better on PS3 with its 1080p 60fps and much better controls. The PSP version ran at a slow 20fps and had awful controls, so the PS3 version is a godsend despite having parts that clearly show it was made for handhelds.
“I’d marry this game just to put it through divorce” is waaaaaaay too raw of a line
12:27 Are modern displays realy that weak?
12:27 credit to Scott for busting a TV for a half second bit
Now do console to handheld. Persona 4, snake eater, smash Bros.
thank you for talking about my favorite car combat game, mr. 'Man who owns sonic jam and the sole owner of the most rare game in existence 'Sonic 2 with a line"
He broke the tv for the bit
One very interesting portable-to-console port that Scott didn’t mention is the Japan-only Yo-Kai Watch 1 port for Switch. What makes it interesting to me is that Yo-Kai Watch was originally intended to be a PS3 game before being made a 3DS game, so now it’s on a console as it was “originally” intended.
Aww I was excited to hear Scott talk about Dream Drop Distance
Its wozin time
Still no Monster Hunter, sadge. 3 Ultimate is right there, on 3ds and Wii U.
Ehh... this episode is fine on consoles, but I still prefer the PSP version.
I find it disturbing how frequently Ninja Bread Man features in your content.
The music is way too distracting. Don’t put bops in the background, Scott.
i love it when a handheld game is so good its the same amount of fun even when ported to a stronger console. metroid zero mission is prolly one that comes to mind. that game is top tier.  lemme know any other ones
Monster Hunter on PSP was a huge adjustment no extra stick made it hard to get used to. You had to press R to center the camera behind you and constantly do that while you were playing.
12:27
liberation on the vita is a glitchy mess my character glitched into a barrel while hanging onto it and the game auto saves ONLY i was 7 or more hours into the game and boom all that time gone because every time i booted up the game i would load inside the barrel unable to get out my save was locked out of being played i was so pissed i got rid of my vita
23:00 THE STOCK SCREAM SFX LMAO
He didn't bring up gravity rush 😢😢
The effort that went into this is apparent, it’s always amazing seeing the production value increase with every video
Every time in pop on youtube, a new scott vid appears. Today is a good day
that intro got me ngl
A bit of a weird question, but Scott, what's your opinion on Kirby and the Forgotten Land?
God I love Miitopia
The one thing about the Wii port of Phoenix Wright I remember is that the extra case from the DS version was paid DLC, and not only that but when you purchased it, it suspiciously took up 1 block of space. Meaning the base game already had all the assets and code to play the bonus case, and when you purchased it just flipped a switch to let you play it.
Dang, no mention of the remakes for the KH portable games
Oh how you are funny. Love the team and the work y'all do.
I absolutely lost it when that TV gave its life for comedy
I would've liked to see trauma center and monster hunter 3 portable/3 ultimate covered  that's the 3 "handheld to console" games off the top of my head
why do I want you to punch more tvs now
👍👍
Very few Youtube content creators can actually make me laugh out loud, but I burst laughing at 12:23 😂
Umm.. Disney Magical World 2!
Wouldn't Nintendo Switch technically be the king of handheld to console? Everytime you put it into the dock it does just that 😄
The framed warioworld cover wasn’t highlighted enough
You should cover games that are practically different IP based on the handheld version I remember web of shadows being a metroidvania but my friends at school knew it as an open world spidey swinging game
I'd genuinely be interested to see what scott thinks about the steam deck before and after trying it for like a month
I actually think LCS and VCS are better GTA games than 3 and VC.
No TV screen was harmed in making of this video.
It feels weird seeing Miitopia for 3DS to Switch is included in the thumbnail 😖
I found secret agent clank to be punishing on psp and almost impossible on ps2. I distinctly remember the loading times on ps2 were almost THREE times as long. And it had significantly more bugs...
Gravity rush and wipeout 2048 were also ported from the vita to the PS4, and were some of the better console ports I’ve seen. Both look and play like PS4 games rather than upscale vita games
The TV breaking at 12:25 genuinely caught me off guard lmao.    Thank you.
You should do videos on the Sega and PlayStation consoles just like you did for the Nintendo consoles
Scott needs a better therapist after that ant comment. The look of terror.
Miitopia my beloved
didn't Hyrule Warriors (the original one) go from Wii U to 3ds, then Switch?
How isn't NEC Turbo Express the king?
Damnit Scott never thought I wanted a link between worlds on the switch but now I do
Lovin the new upload schedule man
Scott so sexy!!!!!
Secret agent clank was my favorite game as a 6 year old thank you for reminding Me Scotty
ngl if i was an ant i'd feel the same
I really expected him to talk about kingdom hearts bbs and ddd this time around.
why does he have handcuffs? 😳
_Gravity Rush 2_ deserves its own Tales From The Backlog video!
3:27 personal timestamp
I miss the old outro music…
After 3 months in boot camp, I now have a treasure trove of Scott videos to binge. Lucky me
You mean you wish you could-ANT!
Kingdom Hearts has a really interesting history of handheld to console games. Chain of Memories remake, then Birth by Sleep in the collections. Having JUST the cutscenes of 358/2 in the collection instead of the game.
Ys8 is one of the best handheld to console games I've played. (Sure it was a Vita game by FALCOM so that helped.) Second best was Kingdom Hearts Re-Chain of memories, even if it was a remaster rather than a port.  Then there are the cross exclusive handheld to console games.  Half Minute Hero (PSP) exclusively jumped to X360 after 1 year. (Later to PC)  I owned it on PSP, and later grabed it and its sequel on PC. They were both hilarious and over the top 4-8 minute romp games that let you play most of the game in one sitting... But had loads of secrets and alternative endings for most stages. I was really sad that "Half Minute Hero: Second Comming" didn't make it west outside of the PC port.   Finally as an honorable mention, Wrath Defence Force 2.1 Invasion from Planet Space is my favorite console to handheld game.
Super game boy
12:29  This man bought a TV just to destroy it  😳. One appreciates the dedication that you put into your channel, Scott.
This man really broke a tv for a 2 second bit, and I love it.
Nice garfield game 8:39
12:29 scott literally destroyed a Tv for a two second bit and that’s why I love him
12:28 Did he just break a flat screen for a bit?! 😱
12:29 scott literally destroyed a Tv for a two second bit and that’s why I love him
ily
Scott you're not a good actor playboy. Your videos are OK tho, sometimes.
Handheld games are okay
12:25 holy shit
But seriously, where is Twisted Metal?
Great vid, although the Ant bit at the end made me laugh more out of dread than humor 😳
Miitopia is a ridiculously good game. It's so much more than a silly Mii game.
the guy who owns sonic jam should be a PSP exclusive
Rip Scott's Hand 😔 The TV got some glass shards on his hand 😔 12:25
Ratchet & Clank: Size Matters was awesome on PS2.
Since when is the outro different?? Breakout is iconic
HERE IS THE MILLION-DOLLA QUESTION: Will you go to Heaven when you die? Here’s a quick test: Have you ever lied, stolen, or used God’s name in vain? Jesus said, “Whoever looks at a woman to lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart.” If you have done these things, God sees you as a lying, thieving, blasphemous, adulterer at heart, and the Bible warns that one day God will punish you in a terrible place called Hell. But God is not willing that any should perish. Sinners broke God’s Law and Jesus paid their fine. This means that God can legally dismiss their case: “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.” Then Jesus rose from the dead, defeating death. Today, repent and trust Jesus, and God will give you eternal life as a free gift. Then read the Bible daily and obey it. God will never fail you......
That screen smash..... YouTubers must make bank in order to wreck TV's for a bit.
BABE! WAKE UP! SCOTT JUST UPLOADED A NEW VIDEO!
this my favorite scott the woz video to stop watching on my phone and boot up my wii to watch
Do a console to handheld for a part 2
I'm going to watch this on my 3DS and then again afterwards on my Switch, just like Scott intended!
I wonder how much ad revenue Scott has made from me watching his videos while asleep.
it doesnt feel right knowing the rug is a table. everything in my life is a lie.
Think you said syphon wrong
Hmmmm  AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Steamworld Dig was one that surprised me but I'm glad they got to expand. Spectacular game
Man the Lost Frontier was such a letdown, specially after playing Daxter.
12:28 man f*cked up his TV for a second long gag. This is why Scott is the GOAT
Tony Hawk's Underground 2: Remix is somewhat better than the ps2 version. THUG 2 Remix added some exclusive levels. But, those remix exclusive levels did also appear in American Wasteland a year later. that aside, Shaba Games did do a good job in making a Tony Hawk game for the PSP. Sadly, the same can't be said about Project 8 on the PSP.
Can’t wait for Kid Icarus Uprising to never get ported off the 3DS to Switch!
12:27 did you just break a TV Screen for a 3 second bit? Scott...baby...Scott
Still holding out for more Ever Oasis
Clean your PSP!
Scott i can barely see the blue border somethings wrong it was larger is the blue border dying?
2:40 holy crap you guys there's an arlo reference in a scott the woz video! That means arlo and Scott exist in the same universe!!!1!!11!1!!
The "lack of a touchscreen on the PS3" bit made me spit out my fucking drink. Great video as always, Scott!
You were saying how the PS2 is a way to play these PSP games on the big screen, but didn't the PSP have the ability to output composite video?
Nothing about ff15 pocket edition hd?
Id love to hear Scott talk about the steam deck
He broke a TV for a gag Scott just goes all in with these videos lol
0:47 thats me lol
I’m glad to see Scott speak highly of Twisted Metal Head On Extra Twisted Edition.  It’s one of my favorite games on the PS2 and it was a great PSP-to-PS2 conversion!
Thanks Scott. Can't believe you broke a TV for this one. Production quality through the roof!
scott the woz apology video
Miitopia having a "beautiful face lift"? I see what you did there. I appreciate that clever wordplay that isn't necessarily a punchline, even though i enjoy those parts too
I want scott to know his joke about a bird in senate jokes genius did not go unnoticed 10:11
I remember playing Brain Age on 360. Fun times...
gameboy nintendo ad reference
my man scott acknowledging LEGO City Undercover: The Chase Begins!
He has the most adorable face I've ever seen <333
I think Scott might be surprised to know that there's an absolute plethora of Japanese-developed games from the Vita that have been ported to the PS4 recently. It's usually painfully generic anime stuff like Shining Resonance Refrain, but it seems to be a somewhat common practice. It makes sense too, considering the Vita was more popular in Japan, and that the Vita's on its way out.
I'm always glad when this happens. Playing games on handheld just never felt right.
scott punching and destroying a flat screen tv for 1 second of footage in a video is peak content
Ni No Kuni is one of the rare DS to PS3 ports
Perfect timing. I needed something to watch while I ate this pizza.
Can you imagine if Scott was a type of ant dude?
Motorstorm was the first game I got for the PS3...Because it came with my PS3. I think I played it once.
For someone who doesn't like JRPGs Scott sure likes using Baten Kaitos songs in his videos
12:27 that poor tv 😂
as a brown haired white guy with glasses, I love these videos
Scott has a Game Gear! Yes!!!! Why did you buy Sonic Blast.
I think a really good Vita game you forgot was Gravity Rush. Both versions of the game are great. The remastered version for ps4 is good, the graphics aren't top tier, but the art style of the game keeps it strong.
20:27 you know what that's really good for using the Wiimote
12:25 UH???
4:09 Something the last of us part 1 should have done.
I’m a little surprised there’s no Kingdom Hearts representation on this video. RE: Chain of Memories from GBA to PS2, Birth by Sleep from PSP to PS3(and later PS4) in the 2.5 collection, and Dream Drop Distance from 3DS to PS4 in the 2,8 collection. Of course none of them were direct ports so that may be why.
I just got to the scottverse and I’m happy to see a new one
12:27 such a waste!
Whole video on the PSP is what you should do
I have almost sixty games in my PSP collection.  I genuinely have no idea how that happened.
Sony required a 30% content difference between games when porting apparently. Glad he did this episode I always think about Vita to PS4 ports of Japanese games, PS2/Wii to PSP, forget Mega Microgames as played it on Wii U the GBA game and liked it a lot but content wise yeah no way it would have been good the GameCube version handled that way. It is odd disk space wise it was fine but content wise yeah they really didn't need to. Also N64 button layout handhelds of DS/PSP to console yeah that's going to work well whether camera changes sure but otherwise hmm Touch/IR or lack of use for a feature due to less buttons now more buttons.  PSP Minis/mobile games on Wii U is 'interesting'. Otherwise PS Vita games on the PS TV blown up is the closest without the PS3/4 ports.  B team lol Retribution might be by Bend but it's better than the main series no matter how much Insomniac tried.  I wonder how Spyhunter Vita/3DS would be on console 'shivers'. Even if it had been on consoles in years.  Directly Genesis to Nomad or just Switch is also surprising just getting the games as is but the difference of Nomad is just yeah... Handheld games make sense for being short play or even if you want to play a long time still can within battery life range, plugged in to the wall/battery pack or just different design on purpose whether a gimmick for the handheld or not. I like handheld games though but on a TV with cables or a dock is better than porting and making the transition worse due to frame rate, audio, graphics and more than what they were meant for. I think the Vita ports that weren't would have been terrible.  Also no Gravity Rush Remastered/Tearaway Unfold. Unfolded shows 'the camera and more' it was as not made for PS4. Gravity Rush does play well on PS4 I didn't have to think about it gyro use or not it felt right. How could he forget Gravity Rush was a Vita game for an episode like this. sigh.  Liberation even telling people it was a Vita game but as a situation for 'what' so I Mena it helped for those that aren't in the know what a handheld is or are too handheld ignorant. So I think Ubisoft was desperate for more AC and forget supporting the Vita with Just Dance.  Ah the amount of PS2/Wii versions on PSP (ah Medal of Honor Heroes 2, wait 1 is PSP exclusive hmm) or PSP to PS2 like Ratchet/Secret Agent Clank. 3DS to Switch was a surprise. Vita to PS4 ah yes what all Vita fans were thinking sigh. For crossbuy sure was great with Indies. Japanese games on PS4 to sell better, hmmmmmmm yeahhhhhh.  Some of these games are good, others like the Ratchet ones look awful like PS1 games. The PSP versions on the TV with a 2000 model and cables look better even if small displays blown up isn't a good idea at least they didn't ruin the colours and other elements.
I got PS2 syphonfilter Dark Mirror at the Dollar Tree that I work at. Not a bad experience for $1.35.
The 2 million special should be a video about the much wanted L button
“Hey all, Scott here” hits different when in a sad tone 🥺🥺😭😭
Fun fact: Switch is more handeld than not.
Kingdom hearts chain of memories to kingdom hearts re chain of memories was a total remake of a gba game into a ps2 game. Practically a different game, even, hence why he didn't mention it, but he should have.
SCOTTY YA DID IT AGAIN!
I never really thought much before about how the limitations of a handheld can actually contribute to the charm of a game. Not only does it make the experience more novel, it also forces the developer to break their traditional mold.
8:35 Jak and Daxter Jak II Jak 3
🧡
I love that Scott kept using the term "facelift" specifically when talking about Miitopia
My favorite handheld to console series is Ace Attorney. Just pretty cool seeing games with such great stories staying relevant through present-day systems. It feels better to play on DS/3D, but not much is sacrificed with console (it's a visual novel, what would you expect lol).  In fact, Great Ace Attorney's 3DS entries were only available in Japan for some time. Other regions only got it last year (2021) on PC, PS4, and Switch. Hope Capcom releases the other DS/3DS entries some day soon.
Might need to start a go fund me for Scott so that we don’t see 9 YouTube commercials during his video
I liked the part where he said "It's Scotting Time!"
mitopia
Scott really broke a big screen TV just for a 2 second gag about Hot Shots Golf...
I really want fantasy life on switch...
You destroyed a tv for a joke , respect.
Are these takes I’m seeing on YouTube recently really genuine ? « The Wii controls was awful »,  « The PSP controls were nightmares ». Are these real takes ? Or things YouTubers has made up ? I mean, sure now we’re used to way better but back in the days, we didn’t have better. We just complied with it. I just never seen anybody complain about those consoles controls back when they were relevant
Hey 250 vids
Scott are you straight
Damn I was listening to the video without watching it and I actually thought for a moment that Scott was having an emotional crisis.
Between breaking a 3DS in half because its just Mario Kart again to punching a hole in a TV because the PS3 version of a golf game lacks a touch screen.. How many things has Scott destroyed in the name of a half a second bit?
Ayy
can we talk about the fact that during the miitopia footage all of scott's miis were just himself
Dread carries the story from Fusion, that's why Samus's suit looks like that in Dread.
I like the implication of Scott being an ant causes armed violence.
The Report of the Week of console gaming.
I thought I was the only one who played motor storm
Back in 2010 the ps2 was still my console to go, and I wanted so many psp games to get ported to it. KH Birth By Sleep, FF Crisiss Core, the Metal Gear and God of War, the remakes of Ape Escape and Medievil, Digimon Adventure, and many 2D like Castlevania, Megaman or Ghost n Goblins compilation/ remakes/ etc.
handheld games on console are weird
I was literally just watching his Nintendo console vids and now theres  a new vid. Thanks guy who owns sonic jam
Eight PM on a Monday 😎😎 virgin time
Wonder if Infinite World fits in here.  Its not quite handheld to console.  Its more of a Handheld got its own (2) games of a home console series, then later the devs made a greatest hits game utilizing content from both series.
Y'all reckon Scott's gonna talk about the Steam Deck at some point?
12:29 rip that TV🤣
Not sure if it's been done already but I hope Scott does a console to Portable because there are some ports that make me go "Damn how they manage that?". Test drive unlimited being a good example.
The neptunia Re;Birth games were originally all on Vita and honestly it's hard to tell, even some of the newer games are using the vita models.
I think Scott just watched the movie "ANTZ" Before recording
12:28 Please tell me no screens were harmed in the making of this video.
You should do the reverse video as well
One example of this that I find notable is Rodea the Sky Soldier. It was a Wii game, which got ported to 3DS, and that inferior port got ported to the Wii U, which came with the original Wii game bundled in with it. Very strange release.
I am surprised he didn't bring the Switch itself up, into the conversation. Since its both at the same time. I can be playing a game with a lower resolution on handheld. Then, plug it into the dock, and BAM, more screen real estate.  It counts, right?
12:25 or more specifically, 12:28
I can’t wait for Secret Agent Scott
Your voice puts my cat to sleep, she is watching this right by me.
The GameGear was more powerful than the Master System, not the other way around.
Not too often you see Scott straightup using outside and recognizable sound effects, even for a joke  ...not that I give half a shit, it was funny as hell!
Personally I wouldn’t count the switch as a console I count consoles as something you can’t hold and play at the same time
12:30 destroyed a tv for a 3 second bit.
For what it's worth, Ace Attorney on WiiWare was the first way to download the trilogy in the states, and I gladly took translated GBA ports in exchange for affordable accessibility of the franchise.
nice to see the psp getting some form of coverage at the start. recently bought one in july and i don’t regret it at all. highly underrated system with a decent library if you look hard enough, and i wish people talked about it more. you make a fair point though, kinda like with mobile games being ported to consoles, there’s just certain elements of handheld games that only really work if played on a handheld and not a console. i mean who in the right mind would want to play secret agent clank with a second analog stick, let alone at all. those games are just not built for that console experience so it feels wrong.
Scott please do a video on if nintendo main console was still Wii U. Arms with wiimote, update 6.0 no gamepad needed, samus returns U,  mid-gen refresh, 3ds games on Wii U.
I'd watch Scott talk about a wall for 20 minutes
Damn Scot, is the TV okay? Might need to take it to a hospital
Oh hey that guy who owns Sonic Jam has a YouTube channel?!
Who the hell is mario
Hey, Scott have you ever heard of video games based on movies, movies based on video games, and video games based on movies based on video games, well believe it because that rabbit hole is deep.
Scott flashed back to his time with Ant Nation on Wiiware and realized ants have it pretty tough
That Ratchet and Clank title joke killed me.
Did it hurt when you evaporated the television?
that little "wow" after the sms sonic clip was hilarious
New Scott vid feels like getting my skin replaced in a good way
12:26 Jesus that scared me
I appreciate Scott for correctly presenting 4:3 content, but it seems like Secret Agent Clank's PS2 version slipped through; the footage here is squished to 4:3 when I can clearly tell it's supposed to be in 16:9.
WTF WAS THAT ENDING
I literally rewatch all his vids until he posts a new one
This seems like it started off on Scott's stash
Kingdom Hearts Dream Drop Distance
These types of games are: Good, Bad, or Ugly
7:22 He said Head On instead of Twisted Metal. The world is in shambles.
He's so good talking about videogames. I'm starting to suspect he actually owns Sonic Jam.
how much money has scott spent on his videos? especially by breaking TVs  also scott needs to charge his 3ds it's about to die
Am I the only one who thought we were getting another musical from the intro?
I'm sitting here in the hospital emergency room, and thanks to your video I can forget my pain for a while.
I didn’t know FIFA 14 got a PS2 version. W H A T
Surprised he didn't talk about silent hill origins
About to go to work gonna really enjoy this one thanks for the uploads hoamie stay nerdy
I wish he would've mentioned the port of the DS game "The World Ends with You" to the Switch, that game was SO terrible on the switch that I still feel terrible for buying it on release and bought an old ass DS + the original game to replay it.
Holy shit scott the woz
I actually did beat miitopia in 2 days.
I grew up thinking Liberty/Vice City Stories were mainline games for the ps2. I'm just such a Rockstar fanboy, I didn't realize it wasn't up to par.  [Edit]  I take that back,  I knew they were side games,  but I had no idea they were psp ports.
Hey Scott!! Saw you when i was at work the other day!! Let me know if you ever need some security guard costumes!! Keep up all the great work!!
Do elden ring !!!
I love how Persona 3 Portable is being ported to Ps4 because now the title makes just as much sense as the plot of the game
Vice city stories is my favorite gta had so much content and I was so mad it didnt get a ps2 port !
I need bloopers of this specifically for the broken tv part
the ant joke is one of the best punchlines in a long time, clasic coming from a sonic jam owner
this episode started with depression and ended with crisis
The guy who owns Sonic 2 with a line never fails!!
That intro was gold.
Got to appreciate Scott destroying a TV for a 3 second gag
Yooooooooo it's the guy who owns Sonic Jam from the Chuckle Sandwich podcast
As someone who's favorite 3DS game is Miitopia I am glad it came to the switch
I love how he broke his TV for a 1 second gag
Hey y'all!! Scott!! This video has a very good point! I hope you can make a video of all the games that were obviously designed for smartphones, but then being ported onto the Switch... With all the phone controls... And... All the phone icons all over the screen.
scott ur recent posting schedule is so good
12:27 jesus this dude broke a tv for  1 second bit, very impressive
Dude just fucking destroyed a working TV for a 1 second gag. I know people can do what they want with their property, but part of me just screams "give it to other people instead if you don't give a shit!". Like don't you do charity? Oh wait, American charity is not about just giving stuff, it's about selling useless merch thus giving good boy tokens to people who normally don't give a shit about charity
I'm happy for you mentioning drawn to life But you would know drawn to life the next chapter on the wii is basically a different game from the ds version  The ds version is made by the same developers as the first drawn to life while the wii version was made by a different company and doesn't even follow the same story If you want to play them you should stick to the ds games
''I'd marry this game just to put it through divorce"  Damn dude 😂
Scott has now acknowledged Twisted Metal Black, my favorite game of all time. My life is complete.
Hoo boy, excited for persona 3 to do this next year!
if he dont mention monster hunter im gonna have to be upset
3:46 Scott almost got hit by a car.
1st day of school is tomorrow and scott is coming in clutch with a dope video
a labour day miracle
I still get thrown off with the outro music
Babe wake up Scott just uploaded again
The guy who owns sonic jam makes a great video once again
Surprised you didn't mention MGS Peacewalker from PSP making it to PS3 via the MGS HD Collection
You should try out the loco Rico and Patapon franchise, although Patapon still works, Locoroco is almost handcrafted to be handheld but also was on console
Next up: From Console to Handheld - Scott the Woz
Scott
I'm surprised he didn't talk about how Disgaia 1 and 2 were ported to the psp after the ps2 or Kingdom Hearts dream drop distance
17:48 All of Scott's party members are just more Scotts.  Checks out.
Not today depression!
Great video @Scott The Woz, but when are we getting the L-Button video?
PLEASE someone what is the screaming sound effect at the end. The last one. The funny one. I’ve been looking for it for MONTHS but i can only search “scream sound augh” so many times
"Size Matters" is not a reference to the PSP. A shrink ray is a major gameplay mechanic.
0:33 I was really not expecting to see that game on Scott's Channel.
Miitopia Switch’s Mii creator should be the standard for Miis wholesale.
Well sh*t
12:27 Scott broke a tv for a half a second bit. respect
I'd vote for birds over some of our actual senators to be fair
On point!
The PSP can run anything with PS2 graphics, like Midnight Club 3. Yes, it can run it, but the question is SHOULD it run it? It's slow when there is too much stuff on screen, but Midnight Club LA Remix runs better than MC3 on PSP, which doesn't make sense. Not to mention, MotorStorm is better on console than on PSP, but it is great on PSP. Just wished BigBig made a PS3 port, because it would make sense since MotorStorm was a PS3 seller by Evolution Studios, but they were busy with MotorStorm Apocalypse with a planned Japanese release that got cancelled because of the Fukushima incident in 2011.
Drawn to life for console was a major downgrade from the ds
I’m buying a ps2.
I’m glad Scott didn’t talk about Danganronpa. I have a strict “plucking out an eye every time Scott talks about Danganronpa” policy, and I only have one eye left to spare at this point.
The Lumines Plus port on PS2 was how I first got to access Lumines. It wasn’t until 2008 i got my first of several PSPs and the original, widescreen version where it got its start
Is this the guy who owns Sonic Jam?
I could listen to Scott rant about games for hours.
the best handheld to console move was and will always be..... just dance 2022, from switch lite, to home console
You're a WOZard Scottie
Two games I actually want to highlight are Birth by Sleep and Peace Walker. Both fall into the same category of being PSP games that were ported to HD consoles packaged with HD conversions of PS2 games but both were handled different.   Birth By Sleep was already a good looking game for the PSP and it made the conversion beautifully, you basically cannot even tell it was not on the same console as the other games in its collection. The only problem is that the HD port cut everything related to multiplayer but left all the multiplayer stuff still in the game if that makes sense. You can still play all the multiplayer minigames and you can still get all the co-op super attacks but they are basically useless. Dream Drop Distance on the 3DS also did much of the same thing and is again almost indistinguishable from the PS2 games once it was converted.  Peace Walker is a different story, it was a very ugly game. It looks ok on the PSP but it did not transition to console well graphically and you can tell it was on a weaker console then the other 2 games. The difference here is functionality. While Peace Walker is ugly as sin on PS3, it received such a massive upgrade gameplay wise that it basically doesn't matter. Birth By Sleep did as well by fixing camera controls but Peace Walker plays like a whole new game. It used this weird control setup that used the face buttons for the camera but it was completely overhauled on PS3 to closer resemble the controls of MGS4 which was also on PS3. In addition to that, Peace Walker actually kept all the multiplayer functionally and made it completely functional online like any other PS3 game. It's kind of a shock how much effort went into the reworking the gameplay and making sure as little as possible was lost in the conversion.
This is an all time great
3:29 scott sure has high levels of short attention span
Punching that TV just shows your commitment
I really expected he'd talk about gameloft in the ending, not sega.
FINALLY AGENT CLANK
I’m surprised I don’t have a ps2 or psp, but I have a ps3 and ps vita
I am really surprised he did not mention the Sims series. The handheld games were so different than the console versions. Especially the Sims 1-2 era.   Anyway, nice video Scott! You did great!
12:27 Was that a real TV smash??
yeah i was watching a bunch of his videos earlier too
Was just thinking I needed a video from this channel soon.
Sony halved the price of Liberty City Stories for the lack of multiplayer, meanwhile they charged $70 for the Last of Us Part 1 remake which doesn’t have multiplayer like the original did. If that’s not a sign of how greedy modern Sony is , I don’t know what is
Scoot get a break 3 videos in 1 month
Welp he didn't talked about Azure striker gunvolt
Nice video, but when are you going to talk about the L button?
i used twitter on my ps vita but now i use it on my ps4. was a more appropriately tailored experience on the vita honestly
Something about this episode feels really high quality, not sure how to put it. Really love it, Scott seriously is my favorite youtuber
12:29  I feel so bad for that tv, it got caught in the middle of a scott the woz episode
Scott the Woz's Vietnam Flashback
that moment when you watch the first part of this video on the 3ds and then the 2nd half on the xbox1
it’s called a switch 😉
that intro had me worried
The nintendo switch is a handheld and NO ONE can tell me otherwise
The touchscreen gag got me so good lmao
Only scot would smash a tv for a joke. ABOUT A GOLF GAME
This man can’t be stopped with finding a video game topic
damn new contender for best ending bit
huh no mention of the gba tto gamecube device
I damn near never used my PSP on the go and the only time I did, i left it charging in my moms car and straight up ran out the battery so that was a no go from then on
A video about controllers would be cool of you havent already
Daxter and Jak X are perfectly acceptable. TLF can get fucked
Gravity Rush (aka Gravity Daze) will forever be one of my favorite games of all time, and I genuinely think it works almost as well on PS4 as it did on Vita. It's really well made and fun, and I'd definitely recommend it if you missed it (and also Kat is like top 5 character designs imo)
"Take that!" Ace attorney is an awesome game. I never would have tried it if BF2042 was successful. My favorite franchise failing has opened me up to trying so many new games. I'm actually really happy about it.
Nintendo found the perfect solution to bringing handheld games to console. They simply made their console a handheld! Problem solved!
Can tell your playing kirby super star
I was not expecting this
I did not expect you to smash a TV for a bit. It was like a 3 second clip but damn if that determination isn't commendable
Wooooooooooooo new scott the woz episode
so when are we getting the PS5 remake of ratchet & clank: your cock is small ??
I’ve been waiting so long for him to make a video about this
There's a Friends PS2 game?
One that came to consoles (only in Japan though) but was a 3ds game originally was Yo-kai Watch. A game tailor made for the 3ds' touch screen and double screens came for the Switch. I still haven't bought it, but I kinda want to just to see how the transition was made, out of curiosity.
Can't believe he punched a TV just to prove a point
You broke a tv for a joke. That’s dedication
on the opposite,  persona 3 portable made the jump to pc and consoles from its original home on the psp due to persona's 25th anniversary, WHY! yeah, p3p is awesome, they added the femc and backported persona 4s party control, but its persona 3 PORTABLE! not persona 3 ported to psp now on consoles! they had to downgrade the visual's in order for it to fit on psp, so the animated cutscenes and the hub areas were removed, plus [and i know i'm gonna get hate due to this opinion] they removed the answer, i kinda like the answer, [metis deserves better treatment from atlus!] its integral to persona 3's story, so why use the version without the playable ending? honestly, i wanted a remake and while i'm happy for the modern persona trilogy being on every modern console [plus pc] i don't understand why they chose p3p.
“Honey wake up, the new Wott the Scozz is out!”
This is the first time I’ve ever seen him upload I just thought his videos just appeared at 3 years ago
Did you know every game on the Nintendo switch has ports for a portable consoles and home consoles
this man just broke a tv for a 3 second b-roll gag
of course you cant forget toy story 3 on psp and ps2. they were very much different compared to the xbox 360, ps3, wii, and pc versions. They were also much different compared to the ds version.
The fact that he broke a flat screen tv just for a bit about a golf game not having touchscreen is incredible.
A bunch of  Ratchet & Clank series sequel titles  were purposely double entendres   Going Commando Up your arsenal  Size matters   Quest for booty Full frontal assault   I’m not sure why, they didn’t keep it consistent.   But SIZE MATTERS is %1000 a dick joke.
Scott is the best YouTuber to binge.
Scoot the Wooz is bacc
Scott not talking about stupid Nintendo games for half the video scares me.
I just remembered that Kingdom Hearts did this a couple times. Chain of Memories was put on the PS2 as Re: Chain of Memories and they added a bunch of cutscenes, a fight with Zexion, a much needed phase to the final boss, and more. I like that version a lot better. Dream Drop Distance went on consoles, too, but I don't think much changed with that one. I haven't played it yet, so I'm not sure. Also, I don't think it would be accurate to shorten the name of the console version to "Kingdom Hearts 3D".
2:40 that’s a bold reference for Scott and if you know you know
12:28 Scott literally broke a tv screen for a joke. That's the madlad right there.
this is my first time watching you, good content
“You’d be stupid NOT to be stupid”  Scott, your wisdom never ceases to amaze me
Assassin's Creed Liberations should have had a superior PS3 and Xbox 360 version in 2014 instead of AC Rogue. That game was a waste of development and was a big reason why AC Unity was released in a horrid state. On a wider note, they should have just cancelled AC Syndicate and continued working on AC Unity for another 6 months to a year longer, and made it a 2015 release.  I honestly wish Rogue was retconned from the AC canon
15:40 the flashing red lights on the 3ds imply that either Scott added this bit to the script last minute and didn't care to charge it or it took him almost the 3ds' entire battery life to get a take he was happy with
Any day’s a good day when Scott uploads
I've often wondered what Scott would be like as an ant
halal 👍
god bless u scott
Scott, we all imagine you as an ant. You short little ant boy.
23:10 What dreams of chronic and sustained torture lie behind that mask?
Scott I love your vids and to know you as the guy who owns sonic jam
that poor tv...
12:27 He broke a damn TV for a fucking one-off goof
I can’t believe it took Scott 14 minutes to mention a game on a Nintendo console
▪️ There was no word that  Starts with a pand & Ends with a  Mic. 🟥
Such a good video, as always
scotts comedic timing is unrivaled
You guys remember when the Lego games on PSP were just like the console editions?
Revelations on 3DS is the revival of that Virtual Boy survival horror game, I'm gonna scream
I noticed in modern days the only "handheld" getting the handheld treatment vs the console treatment is the smartphone. Both the Switch and the Steam Deck can just play the normal games.  I feel like Curse of the Moon is the handheld Bloodstained and Ritual of the Night is the console version.
Scott once again missing the entire point of Miitopia
i feel like handhelds are already dying as i dont think the 3ds is getting a 4ds or something but the switch is like semi portable? but ps vita was like the last hand held from playstation right? and xbox has no handhelds!
Miitopia on the Switch was a bit of an upgrade to the 3Ds’ title.
Semantically speaking, the Switch is technically still a handheld console
scott
Dude, I kinda hope 12:26 was an editing trick. That screen seemed perfectly fine
12:27 rip
they really need to remake kirby triple deluxe and kirby planet robobot on switch in a collection
Got dang 😂 @12:28
Bro! Rachet and Crank: Size Matters  Me: guess I’ll never play that game
There's also some other PSVita games that made it to PS4, like Gravity Rush. It's a rare one though, so be prepared to pay a ridiculous amount for it if seen for sale.
Just went back to the 3ds for Shovel Knight (in 3d bitch)!!
It took a company 13 years to release a portable console that had all of the buttons Sony could have done it with the PSP and with the Vita but they just chose not to for some stupid reason. Like you know what makes console gaming on the go really fun when you have all the same controls. For those of you who don't understand where that number is coming from I'm taking the release of the PSP and then the release of the switch
just to let you know, when you opened your door, you may have doxxed yourself. We now know your house is close to civilization.
12:25 bro I choked lmao
There’s something so wrong about a game with two subtitles. Castlevania: Lords of Shadow: Mirror of Fate just sounds awkward.
There's also Persona 4 Dancing all night which was a vita game and then it got ported 3 years later to the Ps4 and later Ps5. But it got ported in a very stupid way, it's included in the persona dancing endless night collection and it's ONLY playable if you've bought the collection, so if you wanted to just play P4D you'd be screwed :(.   Side note: it also has like 43 dlc (all of which should be already included in the game since it's a port).  Common Atlus L
I'm creating a cartoon. It's called, Forgotten Tales! It's about these forgotten and obscure characters that go on wacky and crazy adventures.
Scott, Scott, Scott....    You have GOT to be more Diverse! All these White Friends of yours are just gonna make you close minded. Try getting out and take a trip to the 'Hood, stop by your local Chinatown, visit the closest Taco Bell, know what I'm sayin'?
Scott saying handheld games don't feel right on a console is the same way I feel about emulating handheld games on a PC. I mean you *can* technically play DS/PSP games on PC, but it just doesn't feel right to me playing it on a stationary computer.
Is that the guy who owns sonic jam?
I am always surprised when Scott comes up with a new video content that you really haven't seen done before, but he always makes sure to make what seems like a really boring topic really interesting
Why not do a video talking about the lego games?
surprised that the pstv was never mentioned, huh
Cinemassacre and Scott the Woz are top tier gaming channels 🔥
That was such a random ending, which most likely could start the ant arc of the show
Im dying help me
Let me sleep Scott I have school
Sega shall now be known as the jester of handheld-to-console games.
FIRST HOUR LET’S GOOO😆
Guess I need to remind Scott next time he comes over that my living room television is **not** touchscreen compatible.  We don't want another hot shots golf 6 incident.
Babe wake up, Scott just posted
still begging for that smash ultimate video
Scott Sonic Jammed that TV.
I loved the PSP games that became PS2 ports. I wish they had done a few more, like Crisis Core, Joan D'Arc, Popolocrois, DBZ Shin Budokai Another Road, DBZ Tenkaichi Tag, EA Replay, and Infected. The PSP truly was a PS2 in your pocket... It just needed ONE MORE control stick.
Exactly
Wait, it’s not Jak and Dexter?
E
Out of all the topics Scott has covered, I still can’t believe he hasn’t talked about fangames.
Yo the punch to the monitor though XD🤣🤣🤣💀💀
another amazing scott the woz upload
Not only Sega did the releases between Master System and Game Gear, the Game Gear even has an adapter to play Master System cartridges themselves.  Also Sega did one of the weirdest handheld to console jobs I've seen: Project Diva Dreamy Theater. You plug in the PSP into the PS3, and have the game on the PSP while the PS3 has a separate software that somehow joins it all and makes it a PS3 game... I have no idea why they did it that way and I don't really understand it all fully, I wonder if even the devs understand it tho.
Next From Console to Handheld
No I can't imagine Scott as SmallAnt, totally diff youtubers
I usually love when this happens, but to be honest, it does have a lot of let downs
🎃☠️🪂🦠
HOLY SHIT MIITOPIA
22:59 reminds me of the console wars video
Scott is just like my dad he just shows up randomly and then leaves
Hey Scott, me here. why didn't u mention Gravity Rush. I think it was the perfect example for handheld to console in way of feeling like nothing got lost due to the new controls and limitations. Still thank you for the great efforts in this video and for future ones.
Every time a year passes, a Kid Icarus: Uprising fan is waiting for a switch remaster
I'm confused by what you mean for Ratchet and Clank Size Matters. I have the PS2 version and it has multiplayer.  Also I grew up with that version, and didn't know it was from PSP until recently.
My man scott really punched his led tv to death for a bit. Absolute chad shit.
Just because you make a game for a handheld doesn't mean it isn't a great game, the problem is more when you lazily just port the game instead of actually fixing the game up to work on a large screen with console controls and polish up the graphics to look fine enough. A lot of these seems to be cash grabs and that is never great, others just don't work without touch screen and those should never been ported in the first place or would have required a remake instead of a port.
I'll be frank here... most of the Console ports of handheld games were more necessary than the Last of Us 1's remake.
Just finished the GameCube vid and here we are- such perfect timing
Scott: Console and handheld is fundamentally different Nintendo: I have a handheld, i have a TV **click** Handheld on the TV
12:28-12:29  I really hope this was some crappy tv he got second hand...
Scott punched a TV for a 3 second gag
*Bethesda releasing Skyrim on every system up to a toaster stares awkwardly*
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Common W Scott as always
OHIO GANG RIZE UP AS OHIOINS WE WILL DESTROY MICHIGAN
Hello there
I’ve only played Vice City Stories on the PSP, and I didn’t mind. In fact, I’d argue Vice City Stories is BETTER than regular old Vice City. It took the criminal empire building on OG VC, and blew it up to such a degree that it’s arguably one of the best GTA mechanics that didn’t make it to future entries
I wanna see any Scott
12:27 had me crying 😂😂😂
Technically miitopia was handheld to hybrid
But where's the kingdom hearts, Scott?
I'll always miss the old Scott's ending theme
If only they didn't outsource the android version of GTA 3, Vice City, and San Andreas to a shit 3rd party.
Whenever there’s a new Scott the Woz episode I drop everything to watch it
Thumbnail makes him look like a Weezer member
I still will never understand what powers led to fkn Persona 3 Portable to get a straight port to the PS5.
The amount of time you spend off camera setting up for a 5 second gag is stupidly impressive 😂
Even today companies are still brining handhelds games to modern day consoles. It’s amazing that how much years have went.
for how much labor goes into these, Im super impressed by how often you upload
Hi
new scott the woz drops on my 16th birthday? hell yeah baby
ha get fricked I can't imagine what it would be like if Scott was an ant chalk one up for the not owning Sonic Jam team
Handheld ports would also be sn interesting episodes
hm, surprised Kingdom Hearts wasn't brought up with Birth by Sleep going from PSP to modern consoles and Dream Drop Distance doing the same from the 3DS. or maybe he did bring it up and i wasn't paying attention lol
I am now realizing that like all the ps2 games I played as a child were actually psp games. But my frame of reference for graphics was the wii so I didn't care.
I'm almost surprised he didn't mention the KH games
Hearing my favorite Kirby song (Peanut Plains) play at the start filled me with so much joy
0:32 Missed the chance to show the sleeves of his costume from The Guy Game
scitt
I’ve seen Scott break a lot of electronics but something about him punching his tv made me jerk
ngl I get sad when I hear the new outro I miss his old one
these videos re becoming more recent
PSY FON Lol
Only Scott would save cardboard that games came in for his second channel but destroy a TV for a half second gag on the main channel.
Gravity Rush.
Yes
I was expecting something about Chain of Memories, that PS2/3/4 port is a mess
12:22BRUHHHHH
Who needs the ps4 when you can have the nintendo ds with with 12364771773 chipped games
My man Scott literally right hooked a perfectly working TV for a 2 second gag. Truly dedicated to his craft.
Finally scott talks about my guilty pleasure, swearing allegiance to PS handhelds!
love how he smashed a TV for a two second gag
Scott’s been my favorite Youtuber for at least 2 years straight and unlike most other YouTubers he’s never gone down in quality his newer videos just get better and better and never get stale no matter how many times a watch him
yo
OMG Scott mentioned Hot Shots Golf AND broke a TV just for a joke about it! Now I'm 1 of 2 steps closer to dying happy (the other step is him finally playing Hot Shots Golf: Open Tee 2)
Bro was just sitting down after a long day wishing their was a new Scott video!
bro i remember playing resident evil revelation on 3ds and shitting my pants and being too afraid to move forward cause of the awkward controls and the small screen lol
Hey y’all Scott here! Im scared of the color blue…. AUGH
12:27 Did you really break a TV for a 1 second clip?
The GTA stories was nice, was even nicer when they released on ps3
Love your shit Scot  Legit question: Were you a band kid or a theatre kid?
Surprised you didn’t mention metal gear solid peacewalker. Considering it was only released on consoles as a collection with (at least) 2 and 3, it just screamed “I don’t belong here!”
I would love to see a video of you discussing launch titles vs end of generation titles, basically going over how much developers have improved after getting used to developing for the consoles
I feel like they really didn't do enough for the UI in Miitopia. Like, so many elements look too small when on a TV
All nintendo switch game is handheld to console just snap to thing on the dock and it turn into a home console
We believe in you Scott we all love you never fear never doubt yourself 😂💗⁉️ we thank you for your wisdom we thank you for your knowledge we thank you for all that you teach so we don't have to go to college 😂 Semper Fi, Oorah Carry On and Beyond ‼️
Lots of kirby music in this one
I like how Scott talks about Sushi Strikers without pointing out that is one of the few, non shovelware, switch games that was actually a commercial failure.  Edit: oh wait, he did...
don't get last joke at end. but, awesome video Scott 👏👏👏👏👍
It's nice to see scott's back at his best!
I was just thinking about when were you going to release a new video and HOLY
I respect the sacrifice of a TV for that bit.
If and/or when Scott talks about 3D Dot Game Heroes, it’s gonna be really awkward when that video ends.
Scott is the GOAT man.
16:54 Please scott, what does this mean. dont do this to me, dont tease me like that. I have to know more about the best Lego game series
Nintendo did The Chase Begins SO DIRTY
Scott is like the youtuber who uploads actively but you feel like you don't give a fuck because you're busy binging his old videos
You missed MGS: Peace Walker
Scott, you can't talk about the Vita and not mention Gravity Rush. That game is a banger and a big part of my teen years
scort
A new Scott the woz my prayers have been answered
christmas came early this year
I love you Scott!
22:52 what
Nothing makes me happier than watching a good ol' Scott vid!
12:27 Can we just admire how he broke a WHOLE TV FOR A ONE SECOND GAG?!
Please make longer videos. I can't get enough of the microconsole buyer man.
Scott this easily could’ve been the video where you talked about Zero Escape
I loved the part where Scott said "It's Scotting time" and talked about stupid nintendo games to Gex. Scott is the most channel of all time
Pog
Thanks for helping our Caddy to 1 million subs.
This video was uploaded at 21:00 o clock
You see Scott the Woz outside your home with a PSP. Do you let him  in?
Sony really should make a psp 2 it's been long enough since the votes flopped gimme a new psp.
I had the PS2 version of Secret Agent Clank as a kid and I would always get to a certain point in the game where my data would just become corrupted and I'd have to start over. Fun times
Hey thanks for bringing my pet gecko, Gekosarus, back to life.
Love me some scitt the wiz. Even if Scott is a girl’s name
12:25 Never, ever underestimate Scott's dedication to a joke.
Eh, Link Between Worlds can work pretty well on Switch considering Link's Awakening was a remake of an og Gameboy and Gameboy Color title but alas, Nintendo thinks game preservation is a joke so I can't expect it.
The Chase Begins was a core memory
Scott the Woz apology video???
That Segway to the 3ds was FLAWLESS
I'm prolly the biggest ratchet and clank prophet but secret agent clank SUCKS
I had vice city in my vice city, my uncle gave it to me😆
The Vita was such a good handheld. I wish it got more love from sony
Looks like evangalion
weird this came out and today i desided to play this game lol
Him breaking his tv got me good
I can’t sleep without a woz video
Scott the Woz Monopoly for PSP when?
Hey Scott if you ever run out of ideas just know I would actually watch you watch paint dry.
Even though it never came west one of my favorite examples of this was Monster Hunter Portable 3rd on psp. Despite the name it came to PS3 lol. It's done well. Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate from 3ds to wii u as well. I love RE Revelations 1 and 2 a lot!
For the love of god, please talk about Armored Core: Formula Front for PSP and PlayStation 2 in japan!
What is the percentage of the PSP returning, but looking like a Nintendo Switch.
No mention of Gravity Rush? :(
Great video as always, it's nice to see this uploaded on my last day of summer vacation.
Scott is kinda a handheld to console thing. Web show to tv show.
"Cut the price in half because they removed multiplayer", you won't see sony do that again
Isn’t every game that is on Switch released for the home console is also released on handheld?
11:57 bro did you legit break that tv
I'm beginning to think this is why Sony abandoned the handheld market, even when knowing about the Switch.    It's cause they sabotaged their stake in it.
Rachet and Ckank: Your Cock is Small is my favorite game
I'm noticing a lot more Kirby music than usual. I am pleased
I love you
Nintendo Switch. Is it a handheld? Is it a console? Yes.
Yeah these are more like ports with slights improvements and downgrades? Secret agent clank on the ps2 have 2-3 longer loading times and the missing planets transitions... odd...  GTA stories games needs a remaster, but knowing Rockstar they won't be able to get Phil Collins face and voice... they have to scrap it, or redo edit the whole damn level call him 'Bill Fallens' or something XD I know it's a iconic mission... but Rockstar won't care...
Excellent video, I'm from Brazil and the Master System was super popular around here, I confess that I only found out that a good part of the console's library were Game Gear games ported to the Master System when I was 15 years old and I found out what the hell it was a Master System.  I think it would be interesting to mention the Final Fantasy Crystal Chronicles: Echoes of Time that came out for the DS and Wii, but the Wii version looks so ''lazy'' that it just looks like a Nintendo DS emulator with a resolution bump.
Metal gear peace Walker was really good on ps3
scott when he has a temper tantrum and breaks his tv for a bit
12:28 has to be one of the best gags you've ever done.
Scott Imagining he's an ant is the funniest thing I've seen all day.
I'm surprised Pokemon was never brought up. For a while I wondered why there weren't any main-line pokemon games for home consoles, but now that I think about them, it makes more sense for them to be on handhelds.
i love virginity!!
babe wake up new scott the woz video dropped
I watched a TV get murdered for a five second joke about Hot Shots Golf for the PS Vita. No other TV murder has ever been so worth it.
is the audio a bit quite or is it just me?
I had the GameCube WarioWare game growing up and I thought it was pretty fun, even if there isn't much to it. Probably helps that I didn't know the GBA version existed until years later.
I start my freshman year of highschool tomorrow, I've been kinda nervous today so thank you for the video Scott, I can forget about my worries for a while
Surprised to not see Kingdom Hearts Dream Drop Distance covered: from 3DS to PS4 is such a jump I thought it’d be more noteworthy
21:42 BRAZIL MENTIONED  For real, SEGA and Tectoy did an wonderful job over here with all those conversions, not to mention the Genesis accessory which allowed to play Master System games on it, meaning it had access to an even bigger library, years before Nintendo considered the Super Game Boy idea.
It's like that one time I was watching gex on mobile then I watched it on pc, gex really can do anything
Scott broke the TV! <3
2:40 Arlo cameo alert.  😛
I wish Scott showed more handheld to console games that were good moves. Such as for gravity rush. Though at least with that one he has a video on that specific game, but I feel like it'd be a good example of how to do it right
You finally acknowledged sonic spinball's existence! Glad to see you've come around.
SCOTT THE WOZ CONTENUITY ERROR??????????? SONIC SPINBALL EXIST?????
That opening was so funny, he almost had me there for a second
Everyone's talking about how Scott is 'the guy who owns Sonic Jam', nobody is acknowledging that Scott is the guy who owns Motion Gravure Series: Megumi for the PS2.
For that ending, Scott understood that using sound effects to trigger our imagination and make it run wild can be a more successful horror tactic than showing something to begin with. Our own imaginations can scare us with JUST a little inspiration, without needing to censor or downplay anything and Scott's disgusted face only added to the creepy effect. Seriously It's surprising how such a bright and standard image can scare the piss out of you because the sounds make you imagine horrifying things.
wow, 2 Scott episodes in the same 9-day period? We definitely live in the best/worst/most Scott timeline
Halloween Special idea.  Shovelware games + analog horror = The Shovelware Tapes  Just an idea I thought of
Damn, Scott just punched a television to make a 2 second joke, what a savage
12:27 JESUS CHRIST SCOTT NEEDS TO BE STOPPED.
love you dude, always loved video games but you got me into collecting and falling in love with the media, I hope to one day too own sonic jam.
Tearaway was on Vita and ported to PS3.  But it had a bunch of cool control schemes cut.
I love this guy
Smt 4 is a game that really deserves to not be locked on handheld
odd experience watching scott the woz actively and finding out he uploaded a video 13 mins ago
what's a sony?
I'm in the superior timeline where Scott talks even more about Motorstorm.
Dude he’s posting so frequently I’m surprised! Also did he put size matters in with the cardboard cover?!?
12:27 AYO YALL NOT GONNA TALK ABOUT THE TV
It's the guy that owns sonic 2 with a line
Not me hungry af at 2:32 am opening a Scott video to get bombarded with a pizza ad
You forgot Tearaway (PS Vita) to PS4. It had just about everything that made the Vita release so unique and original removed do to the lack of cameras and back touch panel.
i LOVED my psp but then again i only ever played mortal kombat and twisted metal on it but i did own starship troopers on it
i loved the scene at the end about grappling with a budding giantess fetish, it really adds to the scott the woz character!
This Dude just broke his TV for a joke That's dedication and stupidity
It's good when Scott makes a banger
thank god scott isn’t an ant. couldn’t imagine what it could be like if scott was an ant
LOVE YOU SCOTT
that tv joke me burst in laugh holy shit
I discovered Scott’s channel about a month ago and I’m in love with all his videos I can’t stop binging them
12:27 You had me dying  The things Scott will do for a skit
Gonk [:
this is basically the birds and the bees talk but better
Damn, I think this would’ve been the perfect time to bring up Trauma Center.
Monster hunter generation’s ultimate on switch is basically a port of monster hunter generations on 3DS with an extra game’s worth of content.
why does scott have handcuffs? WHY DOES SCOTT HAVE HANDCUFFS?????!?!?!?!?!?!
Good to see you again friend
Seeing Secret Agent Clank in the thumbnail means this'll be a good one!
Me: *just resetting YouTube’s recommendations one last time before doing something productive* … …  “Oh shit, Scott the woz”
Miitopia to switch was cool but I wish they just made a new game 💀
Was checking if there was another video earlier, just to see this in my reccomended now.
Must be nice having so much dough to break a tv screen for a 3 second gag.
Hey this is the guy from Chuckle Sandwich!!
Rip Scott's old tv.
I was literally just rewatching a bunch of old Scott videos and decided to make myself dinner before continuing my binge. Looks like he uploaded this video at the perfect time.
Anyone else binging Scott's vids ???
Why do I feel that Scott actually owns a Ford Model T?
I’ll say it again but If Scott started reviewing toons and anime I’d still click in a heartbeat
THE ENDING IS A TEASER FOR THE VIRTUAL CONSOLE CHRONICLES!
When there's a new Scott the Woz video, there's a point for me to stay up for hours, binging the rest of his videos.
Don't worry guys size matters but only in the American version
So I rewatched and paused the scene where Scott breaks the TV many times (12:27). From what I can tell, it looks like he really broke it. He’s done things like this before but it raises so many questions for me.
It's the ending a reference to Earth defence force series?
i have a psp game but not the had held
I was doing homework and then Scott entered my life, Thanks Scott
I played Liberty City on my iPod Touch - it's the only GTA I've ever played.
ARCTIC EDGE SUPREMACY
thanks scott, this is my new ringtone
I still play my PSP.
You have no idea how hard I cringed at 12:28
Can’t wait till he does a video on the vita
631th in 26 minutes
Just watched this on my 3DS and am now watching it on PC again, feeling good.
forsen
Scott is my favorite Scott
7:21 He owns the El Tigre game on PS2. Scott earned my approval.
Why did he not talk about LocoRoco?
Oh thank god Scott is finally addressing this. 😌😌😌😌
This is the last Scott video I'll watch before my senior year of High school. Thank you Scott for all the great videos over the years :)
Scott is honesty the only person who can scare, entertain, and arouse you at the same time
12:28 Scott broke the tv screen just for a joke,that goes to show the effort he put's in his videos
I never thought you'd get to this kind of subject... I'm hyped. I've been trying to collect these type of games for a while now... and seeing you do a video on it will be interesting to see...Although quickly scanning through the video, I don't see Silent Hill Origins on here. Unless I missed something. We'll see I guess, but that's another Handheld to Console game... and oddly expensive for PS2...
You just had to upload at 8:25 pm and make it a 20 minute vid when I have school tomorrow 😤
🏳️‍⚧️🥚🏳️‍⚧️
from sex to netflix
That’s a good point Scott.
This channel has the most positive comment section ever and I love it
I can't belive Scott had Vietnam flashbacks during this video
I feel like Scott knows Secret Agent Clank is my second favorite game of all time and is targeting me personally.
"Hopefully the government follows suit". Had to pause video to enjoy.
12:28 I'm used to Scott breaking stuff but OH MY GOODNESS I DIDN'T EXPECT HIM TO ACTUALLY PUNCH THE TV.
It's quite sad that High impact games never developed a single good game.
May thank god Capcom decided to put RE Revelations on consoles and PC
Thank you Scott the woz for giving me a valid excuse to tell my teachers why my homework isn't done.
Pure joy it is when all the ones that never upload upload, all that’s left is SamONella
"Hey all..." (pause)  *heart attack*  "...Scott here"  Oh thank god
As always, Gex man doesn’t disappoint.
I thought the God of War PSP games did great going on PS3, but I don't think it really counts due to it already being an on console franchise at the start.
My man Scott broke a tv for a 2 seconds joke?
I desperately need a canonical explanation as to why Scott has Ant PTSD
12:26 breaking a TV just for a 2 second clip. Never change, Scott
Thank you Scott for all the new videos really like it all your content is amazing😁
YouTuber apology opening
Don't forget Danganronpa and Zero Escape.
Just bought a ps vita earlier lmao
17:19 honestly they really should of done that.
It's official. Scott says "Hey All" not, "Hey Y'all". This is revolutionary.
It’s sad to know there are more and more people who have never experienced this kind of stuff.
Gravity rush 💘
Hey Scott y’all here   Thanks for the amazing content again Scott!  I have a Video idea! VR and your unhappy with reality so you try and find the way to the current vr headset?and how great made it to gaming   Idk just thinkin I’m bored anyway sorry
2:41 the arlo scott the woz collab wasnt what i was expecting, but i wouldnt have it any other way
AYEE
Swatt the Coz
12:26 Breaking your TV for a 3 second joke is dedication I can admire
And now we need the sequel: From Console to Handheld
Trauma Center: Under The Knife and Trauma Center: Second Opinion are the same going from the DS to the Wii and the gameplay was "maintained"
Love to see more
Scott complaining about MiiTopia is gonna split the Scott the Woz fan base lol
Thank you, this is what I needed on my last day of summer vacation
first time im early to a scott vid
Ah yes, Scott’s back.
😎🤙👍👍
Brasil being crazy, no news here, Brazilian btw
A Scott a day keeps the bad thoughts away
Now we wait for the vice versa.
A Woz video always makes me feel better
hey guys the video has been out for a few seconds but here's an obligatory comment that's unrelated to the video
wow, Garfield: Lasagna World Tour!
12:28, he really did break a tv for a 2 second bit, this is why we love you Scott
With hardware being so advanced now it's kinda sad to me that dedicated handhelds with exclusive games are dwindling in popularity
YOU BETTER RESPECT THE BEST AC EVER MADE!  I'm talking about the non-AC2 title you mentioned :v
I'm expecting a sequel to this video that is the inverse. The 3DS was given a lot of console games.
12:28 So worth it for the bit
best content creator makes a new video woohoo
This is great
i bought a switch just to play streets of rage 2 on the go when i could have gotten a sega nomad and a copy of the game insted
Lol he had a whole tv to punch
Hold on, let me watch this video on my TV instead of my phone
Thanks for the video Scott 👍
Hi
Secret Agent Clank is my Chibi Robo Ziplash. It plagues my life.
hey babe wake up, new hey all scott here dropped
Unoriginal comment, yes, but I’ve geniunely never been this early to a Scott video. And that’s only because I randomly thought about Scott and bam, he just so happened to upload!
Hi
Handheld games going to console is almost as terrifying as the idea of Scott losing his v-card to talking about donkey kong barrel blast
This is great!
Yo Scott is back!!!!
Funny game man haha
“What if we made phones 50x larger?”  “GEINUS!!!”  The logic of secret angent klank.
I wish G4 would air more of your episodes!! It’s a crime that they only have like 11 episodes on there library for you. You’ve got years of fantastic videos that they could work with and they only chose like 10 or 11 of them. It’s a crime!
A worthy mention is GTA SA remaster, its basically a mobile port to console
Ah... My favorite Wii U, the 3DS
3:31 psp It’s like a nut you can break
12:28 this man really broke a whole tv for a 5 second bit truly amazing  Edit: Reply’s go brrrrrrr
12:28 😨 Scott no
Oh cool, I was just about to put on a Scott the Woz video on my tab while I fell asleep, guess I'll sleep after I'm done with the video
I wonder if he actually broke his TV for the funnies
I’m calling you out Scott.  I don’t believe you have a model T ford.  If you do, I’m willing to be proved wrong!
Switch is just another handheld, so Miitopia doesn't count.
What about the Super Game Boy conversions? Suddenly Game Boy games became true Super Nintendo games. True story bro.
I expected Scott to say "From trash to shinier trash" in the video
I never thought scott would make the choice to jump to console but it certainly was a choice.
He broke his tv for a three second joke, what a commitment
A Scott the Woz notification to brighten my day
Did you just punch a tv for this video *flash back to 3ds being snapped* Yes no
How hasn’t he ran out of topics yet?
Meanwhile in 2022 we now have the Steam Deck, a handheld with the power of a PS4 and the game library of a PC.
scott is the the person to break a TV just for a joke  OH WAIT-
I play the GTA Stories in the definitive way on PPSSPP
Technically docking your Switch also is taking something from handheld to console
❤😂🎉😢😮😅😊
You should do console to handheld as a video
Remind me to add "Expert Garbage Blower" to Scott's resume
i found a copy of motorstorm arctic edge on ps2, sealed, at a dollar store, in july of 2022.
That intro was too relatable.
New Scott just dropped from the factory production line
Scott could make a video titled "from fetus to human" and I'd still watch it
Scott just broke his TV for this video that's commitment
I like that all of Scott's handhelds and controllers look like they've been laying at the bottom of a trash bin - covered in crumbs and dust and stains. It really is a quality detail, and it lets you know these devices truly are from a bygone era.
i feel like scott is experimenting more with his type of "editing" and his humor, as well  and i like it
If I had a list of “Things Worth Punching A TV Screen In Order To Simulate Frustration Over Lack Of Touchscreen For”, this video would definitely be #2
Such great timing after the tournament
How do you know Scott is doing well? He can afford breaking a tv for a split second gag. XD haha!
respect for destroying at tv for a 1 second bit🏆
It’s kind of humorous yet sad to think that back in 2009 while the Ratchet and Clank series was getting its most ambitious entry yet on ps3 with A crack in time, the Jak series was getting a final nail slammed in its coffin with a subpar follow up for ps2 and psp.
very nice, can't wait for  "From Console to Handheld"
download it before he erases it lmao
484 th dang that was quick
Damn I'm too early ha
bro the intro is every youtube apology evr
the only way I can describe Scott's content is a very structured, high quality, original shitpost
Cant believe Scott The Woz never mentioned that a group of dedicated Twisted Metal fans from Twisted Metal Alliance are recreating the lost sequel to Twisted Metal Black via hoarding PS2 dev kits
you should make a video about homebrew
So we gonna ignore the handcuffs😏
Hey Scott, All here!
Finally Scott talking about Miitopia
yoy
women
Psp is superior than the ds in every way. And if you wanna drop sales figures on me, I'll drop you the GameCube sales figures yet also had quality cause the GameCube was great
Damn a Scott video on Monday (Tuesday for me). Feels surreal
Here 10 minutes ago
I'm just happy to see this video when I clicked on subscriptions. Here's to the first of many viewings of this one!
I kinda wish Scott covered the Steam Deck. I know PC Gaming isn't his thing (even though he has a prebuilt) But I can see the Deck being an interesting topic for Scott to cover.
Scott the Woz pumps out more quality content than most TV shows, and most definitely more quality than all Adam Sandler Movies.
Resident Evil Revelations was somehow a console quality game on a handheld. Playing the console version after the 3ds shows the quality really kept well.
Next video is “From console to handheld”
Scott is like an ice cream truck, you never expect him but when he comes it's fantastic
*insert funny comment*
Not gonna lie the start of the video actually had me worried for a moment
Scott Uploads : Scott Fans : Avengers Assemble
I had a minor heart attack when I saw “9 minutes ago”
“I’d marry this game just to put it through divorce”  - Scott the G4OPOLY Woz
When I play a portable GTA game on a home console, I also think to myself that I should've finished high school.
M
hello
Damn 2 videos in 1 week
That is some quality greenscreening. Not surprising considering he's played gex
4 minutes in and he’s already used 2 Kirby 64 songs, this video rocks
This is indeed one of the videos of Scott the Woz.
I feel like Scott is the kind of guy that can never run out of video ideas. Even though he's done most of the Nintendo consoles and more general topics like controllers and multiple games in franchise, he always manages to keep things interesting no matter how dull or obscure the topic is.
Scott I wish you did another mobile gaming especially the wasted potential of Xperia play.  Smartphone gaming has come so far.
Let’s mf go
Jackass the game is on ps2 and psp Their both the same gameplay
Kingdom Hearts Chain of Memories: Great on the GBA, fairly questionable on the PS2. HD cutscenes were pretty nice though!
It's always a good day when there's a new Scott The Woz episode :)
Man this scor the wez guy makes great content
Scott can talk about ham and I'd still watch it
Hey Scott👋🙂 I must delay watching this because it’s after midnight currently for me😅 see ya later ✌️
I hate Assassins Creed 3 libration because for some reason the media course I took in college made us study this game and this game alone. Like wow this sure teaches everything I need to know about games grow the hell up
YEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!
19:58 Why is this so funny lol.
Yo
2 uploads in a pretty little amount of time?? I didn't expect this much good content from the man who owns sonic jam
Let’s go 427th
0:04 Is this the apology video?
the
Alternate title "Secret Agent clank sucks"
I really need to get out my psp again and play some games again.
Yes
Oh my god Scott the Woz
Hey Scott, all here
Yooooooooooooo
Wait didn’t this guy collab with Hector from Throats for Thought?
What the fuck is a From Handheld To Console - Scott The Woz?!?!?!
Wake up babe Scott posted
That’s super cool! I want Console to Handheld next!
Going to the hospital for a medical procedure in a couple days; and this video lightened my spirits today. Thank you the guy who owns Sonic Jam.
The most depressed Hey All ever put to screen
sup
my scott the woz schedule themed conspiracy board is about to blow a gasket
That Megumi got me questioning my loyalty to Princess peach 🥵
Y'know, I'm something of a Miitopia fan myself.
I feel we need a Scott origin story video, might be a long time coming but it’d be golden
WE LOVE YOU SCOTT
This is like my birthday gift from Scott that he will never know he gave me
"Stopping and having to move the camera is just brutal" Oh boy just wait till' he plays mario odyssey 2p mode with 1 joy con
Edge sucks
YOOOO!!! MOTION GRAVURE SERIES: MEGUMI?!?! Scott definitely knows a true quality PS2 game!
Scitt
I just opened the channel to find a video to watch then I saw this. Woah
Never thought Scott would talk about a Ratchet and Clank game, that’s cool :)
Hi
Scott needs grow a beard STAT
Scitt
The charm of this man is undeniable
2:41 Yoo nice to see Arlo in a Scott The Woz video
Scott the woz is the most consistent youtuber ever
Scot
Wake up babe new Scott the Woz vid
Love your content Scott
Had to stop a Scott the Woz video to watch this new Scott the Woz video
Scott’s comedy is perfect to me
Is that my bestie in a tessy?
That intro was so dramatic it drove me to tears
Everyone knows that Scott the Woz is a better show than She Hulk
E
I’ve never seen a Scott the Woz video go so quiet for so long than at the beginning
But handhelds are consoles…
I’m still waiting for Atlus to port all the 3DS Smt games especially since the store is closing
"Hey all, Handheld console fan here!"
Here at 7,279 views.
Scott Daniel Wozniak. What a guy.
This is a certified hood classic
You *know* you’re in for a good time when he uploads a video.
So how many seconds into the video are y’all?
Epic
Hey y'all there's Scott
"Hey all, Walt here. And this is my confession."
Everytime I see a Scott The Woz video, I’m basically walking into Scott’s house and shouting “F**K THE ECONOMY!!!”
Sup my nigha
I love that we’re getting StW videos again on a regular basis. Great work as always…  from a fellow Ohioan.
Scatt knows when we need him
300 comments in 4 minutes jesus
yay scott
Scott is just about the only youtuber I've seen who doesn't seem to care about the algorithm.  He simply makes the videos he wants to make.
Gta Liberty city and Star Wars battlefront Squadrons was my goto for the PSP
Scott uploading a new video can turn any miserable day slightly better :)👍
first
First Scott rage quit
Being a fan of Scott the Woz is like being a fan of ConnorEatsPants
When the video isn’t even on the videos tab
Your content is the best! Keep it up!
In was just about to go to bed but i saw a new upload thx scott you are making my day better
Hi
miitopia is amazing
What a time to be a Scott The Woz fan :)
361th comment
I clicked the second I got the notification. And there is still 1k likes already
Yeeir
Hey all
Anyone else here gets gitty whenever Scott discusses or mentions the ratchet and clank series in his videos?
Scott playing secret agent clank Infront of arlos door is really a sight to behold.
Scott on Labor Day! Good day!
Hey Scott, commenter here.
Yo skedadudler
Hey subscribers squad.                                         ……………………..-⬇️
i honestly hope more handheld games (mostly from older systems like gameboy) get remade like how links awakening was, mario land 2 in HD would be amazing
Brabo
Perfect timing, Scott, I just shot up a ton of heroin.
Hi
WAKE UP NEW SCOTT VIDEO!
hello
The PSP Ratchet & Clank and Jak & Daxter games and their PS2 ports were crap. Except for Daxter which turned out pretty good.
Scotwoz‼️
Its 2 in the f*cking morning here and im watching a dude talk about the psp... enjoying every second tho
Hey y'all, (pay 20$ to unlock the whole phraise)
Wot the Scoz creating high tier content nothing unusual here
Can’t wait for Chibi Robo Ziplash to come to the switch.
Just was watching a scott the woz vid
Hey Y’all Ryan Nathaniel Scott Richards here…
This has nothing to do with the vid, I was just in a really awful mood and I immediately got the notification for this video and I'm feeling better. Thanks for being just a cool dude in general, Scott.
Miitopia 2 when?
W
but fr i love your videos Scott!
OMG FINALLY!!!
Yes, but have you considered footheld games?
gud
NEW VIDEO
Scott the was be like :4 seconds ago :scott the woz:146 comments:46k views
lots of comments
Corndog
2,638th
We're only 2 episodes away from episode 250, I'm ready.
Hey Scott just wanted to tell you I love your videos, it always excites me when u upload keep up the good work :)
F A R T Z
Comment
Just like handheld games move to consoles, scott has moved from the blue wall to the void.
I just want to know if he really is saying “hey” to us all.
I was wondering when we we're gonna get a "transition" Scott The Woz episode
hey all scott here (guys it sthe thing he says!!!!!!!!!!!)
The answer to this video is the Switch, and I’m not even done watching it yet.
The one handheld game that would work perfectly on console is Kid Icarus Uprising.
Thinking of this persona 3&4 scare me. A console game given an update portably only that then get their own PC and console remasters.
Can’t wait for the sequel of this video from “Console to Handheld”
I’m really early to a Scott video so I gotta say something funny! Uhhhh uhhhhh Madden 08?
You gotta love the jokes he makes
scoot
This man is my favorite youtuber, whenever I’m down on the low i watch his videos and it makes me feel better.
ᵒʰ ʲᵉᵉᶻ ᵒʰ ʷᵒʷ ʷᵒᵘˡᵈ ʸᵒᵘ ˡᵒᵒᵏ ᵃᵗ ᵗʰᵃᵗ
kirby is the shinning example
I think some games work better on console, some on PC and some on handheld. I think JRPG's work the best on handheld while shooters and MMO on PC and movie games on Playstation.
It was uploaded a minute ago and there's already 1.8K comments
Thanks Scott for the videos you are really good
Scott get sent to the fucking void
Ok but it does not apply to pikmin
Ha, neat.
Guys I think this may be the last “From Handheld To Console- Scott The Woz” that we’re gonna get
0:32 I wonder what Rex Mohs thinks about this?
hi
scott
This is the nearest we'll get to a PSP video
The first time a Scott the Woz video started with him in front of a black background. Milestones 🎉
Hey Scatt, what's up?
W scott
Hey all 210th comment here
HERE BEFORE 10 MINUTES—
okay scott
I’m gay as fuck!
I’m here before scott removes the video to change something with it anyway great video, he should make a console to handleheld video next taking about how games got dumbed down to be able to play Your games on a toilet or at a hotel
Scott can literally make a video about every game that has a divorce in it, and I’d watch it.
A new Scott the Woz at 7:00 pm
Be careful everyone. We might get a port of “From Handheld to Console - Scott The Woz” from the 3DS to switch.
hey yall, CaptainCat101 here! anyone know where to get those handcuffs?
notif gang
30 seconds in and we've got booba
Hey all, new video
4 views and 169 comments plus 400 likes yup YouTube is broken
I love it when Youtube says the video has 4 views, but it has over 60 comments.
Cjjfjf
It’s awesome baby
Scott starting off the video with something depressing then going into video games Never gets old
Talk to me Scott
Great video
Babe wake up, new scott the woz came out a minute ago!
hey all, scott here i think i just *s@$&* myself, again! *loud fart*
Scott the  great
HEY ALL NOTIF HERE
He had us in the first half ngl
Love you scott
Un saludo a mi amigo Domingo Veloso
I've been binging scott the woz videos nonstop the past couple weeks so I can't describe how happy I was to see this in my feed
0:31 He bought that for the video…right?
i would love to see scotts take on the steam deck.
i genuinely gasped when I saw the notif
What a nice surprise.
190th😁
It’s always a good day when a Scott the woz video comes out
I still havent finished game titles, SLOW DOWN SCOTT!
Next video in 5 years: “Console to Hybrid”
civilization
Scott
Me early in a scott wozniak ( working title) video? Imposible
Nice, It's 1 O'clock in the morning and a new Scott the Woz video just dropped.  Sleep can wait.
Yeeeiiiii
i’ve poured 80 hours into the miitopia switch demo   that’s more than my time in 3d world + bowser’s fury and i 100% both of them
Because many predicted the lockdown in 2020 for some reason.
Week 7 of asking for a metal gear rising revengence video
Yayyyy more videos :)
Hey all, New Upload here
Cheese is made in Wisconsin
Suiiii⚽🏃
Damn I’m early to a scot the woz video, kinda rare for me.  58 seconds ago since upload for me
Honey wake up Scott uploaded
I don’t think Scott has ever had a serious video in his entire life
Every time scott posts God comes back
Insert something early
Scott has such great timing, I was literally just binging his videos again. Not surprising coming from the man who owns Sonic Jam
YOOOOOOO NEW VIDEO
First
>bad mood >scott uploads >bad mood gone
LETS GOOOOO
Enjoy this, this is the only Scott The Woz episode that's called From Handheld To Console
Why am I watching this
Scott can a better apology video intro more then the best apology video made
Me to
scott the woz
I’m Early!
E
Early lmoa
So that’s a Scott The Woz apology video would begin.
I saw miitopia in the thumbnail, I had to watch this.
SCOTT WOZNIAK VIDEO DROPPED EVERYONE WAKE UP
Sunday back on the menu
I was watching a Scott the woz video when this one came out
9 seconds ago.
The opening feels like an intervention  Edit: the ending is also weird af
Cheese smells nice
Scott’s intros are the best
I missed Scott for the psp
I can imagine someone going from watching Scott on a 3DS to like a Ps4 or something
yippee!
Such a great video I just watched it start to finish trust me 👌
Hey y'all!
5th
“Hey all Scott here”  -A Legend
We already got another? What is this a holiday… oh wait
Scott "Scott the Woz" Wozniak has done it again!
thank you scott for another reason to smile
Nice, but the intro scared me so much
Now This is Gex!
First afro senju uploaded now Scott let's go
Hey look babe, scott the woz posted
Was just checking for the new Video lol perfect
Is this the guy from that one podcast featuring Ted Nivison and Jschlatt?
Forth
First!
It’s always a good day when Scott uploads
Here before Scott eventually re-uploaded the video
This is a very insightful video, I am now no longer a handheld device!
Scott is here and he is awesome
Can you do a sequel to the art of speed running
Woo hoo
First nintendo nerd here!
BINWEEVIL
77th loool
YOOOO
When will you have hair
Scott you’re so cool please say hi 🥺
What a pleasant way to end a holiday
Jojo bizarre adventure is so good
Scott all, here hey!
I’m one of the firsts
I was think about this concept today
10/10 video Scott, just don't become an ant in the near future.
Less goo new video
E
HEY COMMENTS, PETER HERE
Nice
I WAS SO SURE SCOTT WAS GONNA UPLOAD TODAY
Scott the woz notifications gang
4 views fell off
Scott blows up garbage.
Second
This is a Scott The Woz video
Does he respond?
holy f,  scott the woz
Nice
Hey all, another great post here
HEY YALL SCOTT HERE
Woah
I love wii
NIGHT MADE
OH GOD WE’RE BACK IN BORDERTOWN
Hey all scotch here
Wii u
Very cool
Scett
Classic scott 4 am upload
Thank Scott for helping me with my problems
Hey this one works on the first upload
I’m actually early to a video
Notification gang
Scott the woz is pretty good imo
Scott the woz khalifa
Early gang
Early squad! ❤❤❤
omg new scot woz video!1!1!1!
I was unbelievably quick
Hey
Hey all, cock here!
"Hey y'all, scott here" Oh boy im creaming
the amount of quality Scott puts in his video is amazing
Oh no
🗿
early gang
Yes a new video
Here before he privates the video
Hi
Second
Don't delete and reupload again, plz Scotty boy
scot tbe woz haha
lit
hi
Scott, you okay?
hey all, here before more people come in
0:01 in and already it’s a certified hood classic
bro Woz
Wot the scoz
Yay! New Scott!
Hey all Scott there
Scott the wiz haha
Oh god it’s a youTuber apology
Let's go new scott the woz upload
Never been this early omg
Scott you saved my life
First let’s go
hi
Insta-tap
Yes scatt the wos
Holy fuck scott the woz
YES HES BACK!!!
Lesgoooo!
Before 1K ticket here!!
NOTIF SQUAD!
Scot pin me
HOLY WOZ IT'S SCOTT
pog
90th comm-                         who cares, i hate these people too
games.
Seventh
Ok scunt
Early gang!!
Not first
hai scott
Ah
W
First
Hey
YES
Scott is the best woz
YEEE
Hi
Hello
Scott posted!
Hey y'all!
Scott the woz will return
Hey
5th virgin here.
7th
second
New vid let’s gooo!!!!
hey all, not first here
Let’s go
Not first
Wow Im so early love it already!
Woah early!
Fartz
Hey y'all
So true 🎉
Hi
baller
Haha I am here early!!!!!!
hey all
Hey all
Scotteh Scotteh…
too early
Hey Scott all here.
Holy fuck Scott the woz
First
I just love when I get that notification saying "Someone liked your comment!" Or "Someone has subscribed!" Makes my day better!😊🥺🤨
w
yes
Woz
Hey all Scott here
first!!!
First
Hi there
:)
Yo
nintendo switch
Hey all
Scotts there
Nice
Hey all Scott here!
Scott
Hi scott
Hi
peak
Hey Scott all here
Gaming
E
Notification gang
Scott dies in this one
hey all
First
cool
Let's goo notif squad
bazinga
Hi
First
First
scott
W
real
2 seconds ago. Let's go!!!
LESSSSGOOOOO
NEW SCOTT VIDEO
REAL
Hi
second
Wake up babe new woz
😅
Scott
Kid named Scott:
YESS
First
FIRST!!!
First
Early gang
Yw
“Hey All, Notification Squad here !!!!”
first
