Good Night and Good Luck
GaYmErZ
I cannot wait to try this game! Spent so many hours on DL1 I just hope 2 is good and not a AAA push to grab money like other games we've had lately. But I must say seeing you sound positive on it gives me high hope! Always appreciate your full reviews!
Why are there subtitles that I can’t disable and are out of sync?
This Elden Ring and H Forbidden West has Feb gassed up for real.   Hoping for a trifecta of great scores.
The graphics are OK it's not A wooow you know but the story might be good so that's why I am getting it.
I have very high hopes for this game, I loved DL 1. Still, after pre-ordering Cyberscam 2077, I'm going to stick to being cautious for now. And, if there is luck, maybe in a few years there is a 'the following' mayor DLC included
Circus ole abilities, eh?
I hope this game looks this good on ps5/series x
I love your reviews but I gotta ask why subtitles we can't turn off super distracting to watch.
Thanks Karak, just got the Deluxe edition for PC
I should have 500hours to spare in two weeks, looking forward to this
Apart from the genre… it’s like Techland has attempted to steal (in a good way) everything CP2077 claimed to be from under the noses of CDPR.
I think this was the original QUIET PLACE experience  When Quiet place movie happened i told my frnds that its a Dying light rip off lol ~
ACG dude Why do u have Subtitles for the video ?
Can’t wait! 👍
What is why this word- “Assessebility?” Like some made up word about how easy it is to assess something?   Or is he trying to say “Accessibility? With a ‘C’? Like how accessible things are?   Is this just confusion or do Americans remove the C sound?
I really enjoyed the first game so I'm hyped needless to say😀
If only cyberpunk had melee that looked as half as good as this and The street kid would be the one that could do the parkour crap.  smh.
Can you slice zombies up like in the 1st game, because what I am seeing it's predictable and boring, I just hope they haven't Dumbed it way down just to sell in Germany, that would be a absolute sell out.
Does anyone know if there is still a kick button?
I got about halfway through Dying Light when it came out back in 2015, but I never finished it unfortunately. It's a great game, but I got distracted with The Witcher 3, Rise of the Tomb Raider, Mad Max, Metal Gear Solid V the Phantom Pain and Mortal Kombat X at the time. Aside from a few exceptions such as, Resident Evil, Left 4 Dead and The Evil Within, I've gotten tired of zombie related video games. Though, Dying Light was a breath of fresh air so to speak. The atmosphere and setting felt unique. The way in which the game was played during the daytime was the complete opposite when compared to nighttime. The experience was far more challenging and the world was way more of a threat as a result. The survival horror aspect came into play big time and the only safe haven was the safehouse. Having said that, Dying Light 2 Stay Human looks really good from what I've seen so far and I look forward to giving it a shot when it comes out on February 4th. Thanks once again Karak for another great video. I really appreciate the hard work!
I still remember starting dying light forst time and uninstalling it. Later a year after installing it again beating it
Lmao you said *Circus Olé.* It's Cirque du Soleil. I'm dead.
Honestly rather delayed then another Battlefield 2042 Scam :D
Okay I gotta commend the addition of subtitles here. That's some dedication!
This game is basically Mirror's Edge, Walking Dead, and Mad Max combined.
What’s with the auto generated subtitles on the bottom?
Love the video and always have.  The subtitles killed me. Maybe it is just my phone and they were out of sync. Anyways good stuff
These subs are really poorly aligned with the audio...
This looks like an early PS4 game.
Loved the first one, but no interest in this sequel. Don’t understand why they remove guns …but ramp up the ability to spam dropkick every two seconds.
As soon as he mentioned FoV slider I thought of TotalBiscuit and his WTFis of the first Dying Light. Really wish he was still around so we could hear his thoughts on games. RIP man.
what's with the subs? feels unnecessary. Also, totally cannot wait for this one, love love loved the first game. There was something so unique about it and it's unlike any other game I've played before or since.
Why the hell are there captions when I have captions turned off.
Please remove the subtitles. Great vid otherwise!
This is the drought breaker for me.  It’s been a slow few months. Dying light 2 starts the deluge and I can’t wait.
What bothers me is that there only 3 major factions in this game, if you count survivors as a faction and that's a stretch. It's been what, 10-20 years since the first game and you are telling me there are only 3 human factions in this post apocalyptic city?
Wish you'd upload your resident evil village review like you said you would...
Honestly I fucken love zombie games now some of them are not great but most of them are fucking fun, this game will a hundred percent live up to my expectations from what I’ve seen. Literally anytime I’m in school bored asf I just think of dl2 and get hard I just can’t fucking wait to play it
Aiden? Wow how original lol I never played the original because it reminded me of my ex.
are those captions new? i like that, thanks
Shout out to you for putting your own subtitles in. It’s the little things that make the biggest difference and you understand that. Thank you!
The first one  bored me to death
I'm so happy they kept the jump kick. Nothing is more satisfying than drop kicking a zombie off a building
You did a very good job here, I’ve been waiting for DL2 since 2019, I’m actually more hyped for this than Elden Ring that I’m obviously buying. Dying Light 2 and Elden Ring, February it’s gonna be a busy month😆🤤
Will wait for a console review... and the lip sync looks bad for 2022 standards imo.
I really haven't been interested in games as of late.  Nothing has looked that exciting,  but this game might change that
I hope they have vehicles or at least a row boat.
would you do a “walk the walk” with this game?
If they say they don't want new footage to come out it makes me think that the game is still buggy.
Is there going to be a full review or not? And more importantly is this a buy, wait for sale or just skip all together?
Thanks man - you fucking rock!
Everytime I hear something along the lines of "your decisions affect the world" and "narrative focused" I just get flashbacks to cyberpunk. I know it wasn't the first game to fail at the promise but it's the game that hurt the most
Can’t wait for this game!!!
subscribed
Is there anyway to mod this game when it comes out? , I don't like the fact when you block or perry it slows down time. Seems to make the melee combat way too easy. Almost casually so.
They wouldn't even let him use his own footage. YIKES!
I usually just listen to these when I play other games but I can still appreciate the effort on the new subtitling on the videos
This is going to be good. I feel it.
Is there NO HUD option in the game?
Sounds great excited to play eventually but probably gonna fall to the wayside until after i’m done with HFW and Elden Ring. Plus TWW3 for free. February is wild
seeing you give praise prior to review gives me massive hope that this game is gonna be good. Dying Light 1 is a great game so im truly hoping this one is
No blood on the ground. Unplayable. Even assassins creed gets this right and that game comes out every other year.
Kmart? Bruh when was the last time you saw one of those cause for me I was like 8 or 10 and I'm 34 now.....
ZOMBIES A.I NEEDS SOME SERIOUS WORK
Broooo I’m tryna find a squad who wants to run this the day it comes out fam on XBOX
My first pre-order since Doom Eternal. I don't think I'll regret it either.
Thanks.
Graphics are underwhelming. Otherwise all good!
this looks promising!!!! great first look and mini review. "the saltine crackers" weapons was on point haha
I have got a feeling that this game will be amazing, hope I am not mistaken. The original was great, put loads of hours into that game + DLC. Dying light 2, Horizon dawn forbidden west and elden ring all coming out in February, can't wait.
As much as i hated them in dying light 1, I really hope an older tolga and fatim are in this one😂
I think the first game is average but with potential. Good to see Techland being aware of that potential and have made huge improvements over the original. I love it when a company takes what works and makes a better game, well done Techland.
This looks great. The first game was really fun but I didn't care about the world or story, either. This looks,like it builds on everything and has a story you could get engrossed in
This game will either be extremely fun or extremely disappointing. Pretty much like every AAA title in the last year.
The fucking out of sync subtitles on the bottom are killing me.
4:30 i totally agree! me too!
Captions are great.   Burned-in captions are terrible
Hardcoded subtitle why!?!?!?!?!?!?
So the same crap,just improved
I would love if this game has the movement and feeling of Ghostrunner. The wall running and movement is SO good.
I wouldnt trust any Youtubers hands on etc. Especially after all the trash games they've pushed and hyped up for no more than views and to feed their dopamine addiction.
Appreciate that you do these videos on top of reviews!
Damn bro, as soon as you said “Mad Max” I got instant flashbacks. That game was fantastic.
Is the gore as good as the first? Some of these clips make it seem less bloody
The hard coded subtitles out of sync with the vocals are annoying. Please don't do that again
how to turn off the subtitles ?
What game was that? In first person with the AR15?
Sooooo... you mentioned negatives?
Graphics textures??
Have to ask.. what's with the odd subtitles? They are obviously generated?
Hats off to those who will be playing it as I will be giving it a hard pass since I found out it will feature zero firearms... To me it's not a zombie game unless I can split heads with a double barrel or shred masses with a minigun :)
Was worried this would be too gross for me as I don't like zombies, looks fun just not for me from what you've shown. Thanks for the vid.
Not allowed to release own footage... mmmmmm seen that before with cyberpunk
I really hope its good, but i have a feeling it wont be
Dying Light came at a time when I hadn't really enjoyed a game for about 6 months and I thought I was just done with gaming, but then I tried Dying Light and it completely re-sparked my love for the hobby. I put 100 hours into it and wanted more, and I'm so glad Dying Light 2 seems good after all the development issues.
Hey, Joe? Wanna play a zombie game?    But all jokes aside, this game looks amazing.
The out of sync subtitles annoyed me immensely.
Thank you for adding subtitles.
What's up with these horrible subtitles? It really cheapens the video and makes it feel like you REALLY rushed to get this out.
Just FYI, you can take your copy for closed caption and paste it into Youtube to have it auto-synced with the audio.  This allows people to use youtube's closed captioning system which can be optimized visibly for whatever platform they use it on.  It also allows them to auto-translate it to their preferred language - which of course is only as good as google translate - but even I see some people using it in my metrics.
Dude, it's Cirque du Soleil, not Circus Ole. Your mistake is actually a meme. *Facepalms*
I smell a buy. And if Karak say buy, I'll buy.
If someone ain't yelling at me on a walky that it's getting dark in 10 minutes I'll be sad. Stoked for this
I've only played dead island back in the day, but i bought dying light over winter break
SUPER glad to hear this game is giving you a good first impression, was slightly worried with all the strange things that were going on behind the scenes. As far as decisions impacting the world, here's hoping that that's actually real, and not just smoke and mirrors.
They wouldn't even let you use any footage. LMAO!
Sounds like garbage
Now we can enjoy all 500 hours 🤪... Serious why did they think that was the big W?
They need to update dying light 1 for ps5 4k 60 till the next one come out tht would b nice😩
They say over 500 hours of gameplay. That doesn’t get me hyped necessarily. It means rinse and repeat missions and sounds like Quantity over quality. BUT.. I am looking forward to this game. If it keeps it’s roots from the first one.
Nice. Thanks for the video. As a fan of DL1, I might actually buy this despite the infantile German censorship of the title.
the thing I remember most about the first game is that it kept interrupting my zombie killing to have me go act out a movie about human survivors. I bought a zombie game, not freakin skyrim. Why are there all these NPCs all over the place telling me to get them batteries and cocaine and stuff?? How is it THIS hard to design a good zombie game?!??!
I see human NPCs....I'm not buying this crap
Alright my captions say "off" so what's goin on
I think it'll be good. Loved the 1st one. The first thing I noticed is it's a little uglier than the first premier looked
Why do zombie games come out and turns out, you dont fight zombies enough, you fight humans with guns and then watch them act out little stories for half the game??????
why do you fight human NPCs in this game? Who actually watches those NPC puppet shows and get invested in the story and wants to do stuff for the puppets??? That's so stupid. Who cares??
"That sense of interaction and immersion is the highest currency in the industry that sometimes seems like it just has two empty pockets called morality and player choice, and neither one has any change in it so far."  Wow, just wow. Never change ACG
Personally I'm VERY cautiously optimistic. Usually when devs promise "BIGGER & BETTER!", it's too good to be true. I suspect the game might suffer from sequelitis, and I hope that's not the case. Bigger doesn't always mean better, and I'm very wary of more and more "RPG" elements. What made me love DL1 in the first place, is its immersive sim foundation. This "YOUR CHOICES MATTER/YOU CAN CHANGE THE WORLD" marketing is usually very gimmicky. I'm more interested in better gameplay, better A.I and physics. Denser, NOT larger environments. More interiors, more environmental story telling...Not endless blocks of barren map space, and bloat content/missions.  DL1 is one of my favourite games of the decade. Even finished the expansion...Really hope this isn't going the way I suspect it might, because that would be a real shame.
Dude thx about the legends, this is literally amazing. I'm not native speaker and always watch your hands on and reviews, but sometimes for me is hard for comprend all. But now with native legends this makes my life much easier. Thanks!!!
I just wanna know if the series s is gonna be able to run 60fps
Never get why people say "oh no not another zombie game!", I don't hear them saying that about Fantasy, Cyberpunk, Anime or other genre games you can think of. Zombie games are just monster games set in the near future apocalypse and are different to each other as any other genre in gaming.
Borderlands graphics lol
I'm going to wait a few days after release, just to see if there's no stupid bugs and if the performance is good enough.
Great take on what you've experienced.  Looking forward to your future content and for myself to get this next week. 👌🔥
I can’t wait this will be my first bought game in 2022 because everything been lackluster to say the least
I wonder how long it takes before you can do co-op.
Circus Olé?
Are collectibles marked on the map in this one?
Game name at 0:04?
Hi ACG, great channel, but I'm throwing in with the people saying they don't like the forced subtitles.  I love that they exist for people with hearing disabilities but for me they are a big distraction so they should be optional, which Youtube is set up very well to support.
Dying Light is still one of my favorite games from the last and current gen, so this game has been at the top of my most wanted list since its announcement and it's out next week!! I cannot freakin wait.
I actually like Dying Light I'm currently playing through the first one and now that I'm a bit more powerful it is so much fun. I wasn't sure if I wanted to buy Dying light 2 before but now since the first one is so entertaining yes the devs are getting a purchase from me.
Man, I hope this has a FOV slider on next gen consoles
Thats the one flaw in almost all of zombie media, there would literally be a finite amount of zombies in an area and 20 years is more than enough time to clear a whole country let alone a city lol but i never let that level of logic ruin my experience
I'm tweakin like a crackhead to play this... Let's gooooooooo
The forced subtitles are really distracting. Will they be on every upcoming video?
Cool video and all but having the subtitles baked in like that is kind of annoying. By the end of the video they weren't even synced to your voice. Could you instead add subtitles on YouTube's end so I can disable them if I don't need them?
Feel like the subtitles are sometimes quite delayed which I'm finding distracting.
I mean the first one was great sooo
Glad this seems to have gotten through development pretty well. I enjoyed the first, I had modest expectations but this one looks like a worthy sequel.  Love you Karak but these subtitles aren't up to your standard, kind of strange. Just saying!
Thank you so much for talking about motion sickness issues. I always wanted to play the first dying light game but I knew 100% the only one dying would be me.  Really interested to follow this game a bit and see if it might be something I could play.
Looks like the delays were worth it boys! The game looks great!
They are not afraid to let reviews pour in before release. That is a good sign. I loved Dying Light. It had support from the devs for years. They deserve all the praise!
Im feeling good about this one!
Some of these enemies have a mask that looks like dnb DJ Zardonic. Quite fitting since this looks to be set somewhere in S America.
Here we go!!!
Im already waiting for a dupe glitch jk. I wish the grapple hook could grab any surface, try and Spiderman swing into glide
lets hope its not cyberpunk 2
@2:23 I'm pretty sure that's a woman with a beard. Just look at that mocap anim and pose... transgender NPC's CONFIRMED.
Looks very good, BUT i'm not Pre ordering it i did that mistake so many times im just gonna wait out atleast till Digital Foundry makes a video about the technical site of stuff
This looks way more interesting than the first one which I lost interest in very quickly.
I love when I hear ACG praise a game.
Excited to play on my ps5! Dying light was so fun. Following dlc was alright. But overall in excited for this
What's with the Hard Captions?
“Climbable ledges and zombie head hedges that need to be clipped.” Fantastic
Did you use speech to text for the subtitles? I appreciate them being there since I might need a second to get want, but soft-subs are better to avoid obscuring content (mind the subs are small but maybe too small, two lines are great but it should be using more space than a third of the screen) and it is best as it allows corrections so to be sure that it doesn't say "Daylight" instead of "Dying Light" (0:57) and to make sure that the timing is remotely correct.
This game looks pretty bland
cant wait man almost as hyped for this as elden ring
Any fov slider on console?
Playing the first one on my ps5 and it’s great but I really wish they’d push out that 60 fps patch as it seems blurry at 30 fps as you’re moving turning and jumping quickly
Struggling whether I get this or forbidden west
Not really sure if this info can be revealed yet but I'll give it a go, I really liked the original but to me after a short while the night didn't feel very dangerous because I thought the faster zombies were very easy to avoid, would you say they're a bigger threat this time and night has become more dangerous?
So pumped for this game!! . Still playing dying light and having a blast
Techland and CDPR are both based in Poland and both delayed their games repeatedly.  If this video is any indication of how Dying Light 2 is gonna be, I’d say that Techland made the right choice in delaying it until it was ACTUALLY READY FOR RELEASE!  Unlike CDPR who just wanted to drop it and get money hoping that people would stick with it until it was fixed. Shoutout to Techland for taking your time and avoiding another disaster of a launch like CDPR and Cyberpunk.
Glad it's making a good impression so far. Usually I'm skeptical about hype but this seems like a real passion project from the devs
Dude, you need to reconsider these subtitles. Not only are they too slow to match the narration, but they eventually become nonsense the further into the video you go, bearing no relation to what’s actually being said. Super distracting
This game going to be hype, 500 hours, 7 years in making
The Developer of Dying Light 2 (Techland) did what the Developer of Cyberpunk 2077 (CDProjekt Red) should have done... Delay the game until its ready.
Sad, weapon durability was the worst part of the first game, to bad they brought it back.
First game gave me many hours of fun. Especially the coop. I’m sure I’ll enjoy this when I get around to playing it
THE game of 2022 for me. The first one is one of my favourite games of all time.
“The durability of saltine crackers” 😂😂😂, gold.
What's up with the subtitles in this clip? How do I turn it off?
Thank you for mentioning the accessibility options!!
Hey, how do i turn off those subtitles? They arent well synched
I love when a new game/movie takes risks and innovates for a sequel. Less guns sounds like a very interesting design choice that I want to check out.   Very excited for this game.
Didn’t Chris Avallone write the story for the game? That’s huge. I loved the first one too, I can’t wait to get my hands on this.
Option to disable motion blur?
The original Dying Light was a huge sleeper hit for me personally. I knew nothing about it but I played it day one and couldn’t walk away from it. For me, atmosphere is a big part of gaming, and Dying Light was one of the most atmospheric games I had ever played. I remember exploring the city for the first time during the daytime and trying to return to the base tower before nightfall. I barely made it back in time. The feeling of safety I experienced when I climbed up the wall into the well lit lobby of the tower was palpable. I would then just walk around the inside of the tower not wanting to go back outside. How many games can actually make you feel unsafe AND safe at the same time? Not many. For me, Dying Light 2 will succeed or fail chiefly on its atmosphere.
Wish this was uncensored in Germany...
Pretty positive review by Karak, that's a good sign
This game has been on my most awaited games for a few years now, I hope it delivers, considering what almost all AAA releases have been lately
People gotta please stop calling out the genre of zombie games being too crowded if they are not gonna call out every other FPS
Dude, honestly, thank you covering a bit of the motion sickness. It's the main thing I've been wondering. Would have been nice if you went into a bit more detail about how it affected the actions in games, etc, but at least it's nice to know there's at least some way to improve it even if it's not perfect.
What game is that at 0:03?
Great video as usual.  Just wanna say the subtitles are pretty bad. They miss many words and desync about halfway through the video
"Keep living or die trying."
You cant show your own game footage and have to use trailer footage?  So, Cyberpunk all over again?   Sounds like someone isnt confident in their product and don't want to lose pre-orders from people seeing their buggy game
This video made me feel relieved and happy. Thanks ACG. Can't wait for this game!
With an $80 cad price point, I would have to wait for it to be a bit cheaper.
I wonder if they'll make a VR Mod for this.. that's what we want :)))
THIS MEANS NOTHING PEOPLE  * HES REVIEWING A PC VERSION I REPEAT HES REVIEWING A PC VERSION NOT A CONSOLE WHICH 90 PLUS PERCENT OF THE HUMAN POPULATION GAME FROM*  *NOTICE NONE OF THESE YOUTUBERS ARE PLAYING ON LAST GEN🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔 WHICH SHOULD TELL YOU THE GAME IS HAVING SERIOUS PROBLEMS RUNNING*  TAKE THIS WITH A GRAIN OF SALT UNTIL SOMEONE PLAYS ON LAST GEN WHICH *TECHLAND WONT LET THEM. ANOTHER REASON FOR CONCERN*
The closed captions were really distracting.
Holy shite love you for putting this out ACG, I feel so happy knowing that even the early build you got is a nice experience on pc. Only 11 days!
The videos subtitles are about a hair behind the voice makes it a little jarring to follow.
Forced subtitles is stupid AF.
I really want this game and I hope it does well... But unfortunately I feel they are hyping up the game just like CD Project Red did with Cyberpunk. I don't know, the signs are a little sus. I'm gonna wait this one out for the reviews.
So  No more guns
Despite it's honorable intentions, the first game was average. I imagine this one will be slightly above average.
I thought it got delayed to the end of 2022? Dying Light 1 was a surprisingly good game with incredible post-launch support.
Your in video subtitles are off sync from your voice.
thanks for the subtitles, greatly appreciated
Can we lose the hard coded subs?
This is straight up the only game I've ever preordered, hope it was worth it!!
Colors in this game seem washed out af, hope there's some Reshade Vibrance mode to make it pop a little in the first few days of release
I've been so excited for this one. Did you just get to test on PC? Wondering how ps5 will pan out
This will be my hopefully return to gaming. Nothing since Ghost of Tsushima has really been able to cut through the depression and limited time to play. But Dyling Light 2 is one I've been highly anticipating.
This has been my most anticipated game since it was announced because the first one was my favorite game of all time. Just something about it for me. This looks like it just improves on the 1st one in many ways. I’m so excited. Great video as always!
Man I’ve been waiting so long for this game. It’s almost here but at the same time it still feels like it’s so far away. Thanks, Karak!
Finally a company that takes pride in their jobs
I hope this game really hits the mark. Only problem i have with it is the parkour. It looks very zero gravity-ish. But so far I think that's my only problem with it
Youtube has a perfectly fine subtitle functionality I don't see why you felt the need to bake them into the video. It even gets out of sync after the 6 minute mark.
@ACG you said Fov slider is there, is that for console as well? Maybe next gen?
Day 1 purchase for this boy
When is the embargo lifted?
If this game managed to perform better than cyberpunk's release, that's good enough for me, I really hope that all the good things I'm hearing from this game is actually true, coz the marketing they did for this game smells cyberpunk
Is this Xbox one console aswell because I have a bad feeling
The only thing I want to know is: How woke is the story?
Super preview.  Weird technical issue:  Can't turn off subtitles.  Say what you want about ACG but pronunciation and annunciation are not issues for him so non-hearing impaired, English speakers will never require subtitles for an ACG video.
highly doubt this game will take the cake over the first
What kills me about this game is the fact they removed firearms and vehicles…. I genuinely can’t believe that even from a narrative stand point…  In addition, judging by your preview, the combat isn’t cutting it… I can already see this turning into a Skyrim situation where all you’re doing is swinging wildly. In addition, these weapons look weird lol idk how fun swinging hammers/wrenches/pipes is going to last.  When you mention how weapons “have the durability of saltine crackers”, please do not tell me that this is like Breath of the Wild where you can’t even hold onto your best weapons. I’m BOTW you couldn’t savior your best weapons out of fear of them breaking. I really hope that’s not the case here and we can repair those weapons
Dammit, I totally forgot this was coming out. I just bought Monster Hunter Rise and there's Elden Ring coming out next month... Guess this will wait until April-ish before I buy it.
Cuz its parkour and zombies, its gonna be a blast
the words "open world" are actually terrifying. it throws me back to assassins Creed vibes, where it's just a bunch of repetitive crap, where you just do the same missions over and over, but in different locations
i don't have high expectations for it and unless I hear more I won't be buying day one....AAA games track record is still pretty rough so I'll presume the worst. still need convincing on the decision making in this game...i watched some of the marketing vids for it on their YouTube and it was really cringey and stank of marketing. They must have repeated the phrase STAY HUMAN or STAY ALIVE a thousand times and the presenters were complete and utter TW@TS...reminded me of the Cyberpunk 2072 marketing...vomit worthy fakeness!! I liked the original game as it came out when there wasn't much else to play...it was a pleasant surprise and was great value for money...but that was it...it wasn't life changing....just a decent game. So hopefully this sequel doesn't drown in it's own BS but yeah...still feeling pretty sceptical about it tbh...
kinda sounds like what i want also the 200 mph start is my favorite i love just being tossed in to sink or swim
All I wanted was more verticality more parkour more modes of locomotion and they've nailed it all.
I enjoyed and hated the first, but really hoping this is a solid release. I love the concept behind the quick movement blended with fighting on an open world. Part 1 was just too clunky for my taste.
Does it still have the nightmare fuel hyperzombie things that only come out at night like the first?  And the nighttime supply drops.  Those chases were some of the most exciting gameplay I've ever had in a game
Bro, the RDR2 esque ramdom events and storytelling and that living world is really what I dream of in any open world game I play. It turns it into something so god damn immersive and evokes so much emotion while playing. I cannot wait to explore and find these random quests and events, SO MUCH HYPE!
A BS-free review for what sounds like a BS-free game. Might give it a shot if it's not coming to Game Pass
My hope is that weapon durability is something I can tune to my liking. Never liked the repair limit on weapons. Unless they’re made out of duct tape and pipes I really shouldn’t be concerned ab my weapon breaking for good
I do think the lack of guns and vehicles will really make this go stale fast.
Really hope the motion blur isn’t too strong in this game. The motion blur in the first one was annoying
Is this game going to have co op? I remember them saying something when they first announced but it hasn’t been mentioned anywhere to my knowledge. It looks like a ton of fun regardless
@3:15 "And then we'll talk about some of the things that didn't work" - where is that part?
What's with the distracting subtitles? They're unnecessary. People who are hard of hearing can enable closed captions.
It's almost time to praise the sun my brother's!
hey acg, heads up for making your own subs but they are suuuuper desynced and obnoxiously distracting
I have a bit of an issue with the subtitles in the video. They don't change until second or third word are spoken and it throws me off. Otherwise a great video!
The only game I'm hyping for this year!
It's a bit distracting having subtitles on all the time, especially when they become out of sync with the audio.
I've watched many gameplay videos and there's something off about this game. But I hope it's good. I love the first one.
Is this one of those games where I can skip the first game and jump right into this?
I didn't break out the rough stuff good enough. But the fps drops and the pillow movement parkour are still a bit wonky. Weapon durability is what it is.  Sorry about the hard cap subtitles. New editor I am working with and they didn't get deleted Join us https://www.patreon.com/AngryCentaurGaming
This game is Metro Exodus with boosted fps and I LOVE IT!!
Cool that you write subtitles!
I very much appreciate the captions on the video. I sometimes enable YT subtitles but they typically fail right when I need them, since if I hard a hard time hearing something that usually means it did as well.
Anyone wanna exchange PSN names so we can co-op this mofo? I’m juiced and am replaying the 1st. I can’t wait to see how this beast looks on my PS5.
I will literally cry if this game isn’t good
Will there be a head bobbing option in this one? I get motion sickness from dying light 1 because there was literally no options in the settings to turn it down or off.
Didn’t hear a single negative and this is one of the most trustworthy reviewers. I’m excited for this game!
The first game lost me. It felt like you had to aim the camera every so perfectly in order for it to climb up on a platform. The whole parkour aspect just was not my cup of tea. It does look good though. I will give it that.
This sounds like everything I wanted from a sequel. I know it won't be perfect but neither was the first game.
Your subtitles are weirdly desynced?
what's with the always on and triggeringly incorrect subtitles?
I was excited to hear your early impressions of the game.. but this video is just 11 minutes of very vague ramblings and verbal gymnastics that leaves me in the same place I was coming in. I'm sure your tongue is tied until embargo lifts, but I wanted to know if we've got a gem on our hands here.
Your page is the only rating that matters
Is there a penalty for dying in this game like in the first one?
What’s up with the out-of-sync subtitles on screen? It’s like the further I get into the video the more the subtitles become just a second speaker and have nothing to do with what you’re saying, it’s a weird experience
Anyone know how the coop will work in this game? Can I have a group of buddies play through a whole campaign with me without limitations? I.e the other players don’t save progress or level up or other lame things like that
You didn’t talk about the writing at all, does the game feel like a project that had its lead writer removed halfway through development?
Trees on rooftops still looks stupid. Where are the roots?
Whats up with the forced subtitles? As a none native speaker I like that you thought about that, but if you can follow w/o subtitles they are just irritating. Please consider using the Youtube subtitle implementation instead.
please no more forced captions :)
I just hope the monsters don't despawn when I whack one of them and turn around for a moment.
if they don't want footage showed, then it's for a reason, it's cyberpunk all over again
As always, great hands on impression. Getting excited for the game now.
Dude at the 2:22 mark of the video kind of resembles Karak, at least in the beard department.
Thank you for this impression video. Dying Light was a surprise to me last gen. I kind of just picked it up on a whim and it ended up being amazing. So more of what was in the first but better sounds like a win.
Dying light was almost my perfect zombie apocalypse game. It had the gameplay that I wanted but not they ingame immersion/social rpg elements I wanted. Hopefully the npc/settlement interactions live up to the trailers.
Have you been able to test the PS4 version? Most of us still can't get a ps5.
Looking forward to seeing footage that wasn't prerecorded or edited. Raw gameplay from reviewers. I don't preorder games anymore so I'll be watching this closely. I hope it's solid. Looks fun.
Is this a game I can jump in without having played the first one ?
I like the subtitles at the bottom. Nice touch
The moment you said you are not allowed do show us your own footage = clicking out of the video
What the hell, is this a preview of the review?  Just give us the full review.  Don't tell us this game is great, but it might be trash later on, "we will see".  What is that?  That isn't helping at all.  Or don't tell us the game runs good, and not tell us your specs, your settings, or what FPS you are getting.  "It's smooth"?  That means nothing.  Next time, just give the real review!
"This is looking to be the next cyberpunk" -Michael Does Life
9:54 looks like they recreated that famous I AM LEGEND scene. where Will Smith runs to the light.
is the multiplayer invading in DL2? that was seriously some of the most terrifying gameplay in the original
Day one buy also means day one money glitches lmao. Who remembers the duping glitch in storage bag?
It looks good and sounds good and everything but I'm kinda down about the gfx looking basically like part 1 when they enhanced the gfx for the following in 2016, it looks like last gen but I guess bc it was in development since last gen, I was hoping for a more photorealistic look to the game but as long as it's a good game and plays good I'll get over it. 🤷
I hope this turns out well, there's been a lot of doomsaying for this title, the troubled development story is usually not a good sign still, i'll hold onto my money and wait until reivews are out and people get their hands on it
After CP2077 I told myself I'd never pre-order a game again. Damnit Jeremy, you're making it difficult to stick to my word. Personal battles aside, I'm happy to hear that it's living up to expectations so far.
🏃‍♂️🤢🤮😭😇  Thank you for Techland for the motion sickness feature.🙏
very interested to see how this runs on base ps4 and xbox one
I got zombie cyberpunk 2077 vibes from this with their overhyped marketing, it's uncanny how similar it is. Hoping the final game will prove me wrong.
Why have you put subtitles on the screen that can't be toggled off?  I'm autistic and subtitles make it impossible to focus on the content of whatever I'm watching.  As a result I'm not watching this vid and I really don't want to be at the point that I'm no longer watching ACG videos as you are absolutely one of my go-tos for reviews and impressions.  Please don't put subtitles onto the video itself.  I literally can't watch the video.
If they keep supporting dying light 2 as they have been with the first game, this will be a good and sollid fun game, I was worried they changed too much, but this sounds like to my ears. Thnx for the update/heads up ACG!
I hope the weapons wield and feel better. And maybe a better system to weapon progression/crafting. Blueprint hide and go seek was frustrating.
Dying Light 2 looks like an improvement on the original in just about every way. I am very much looking forward to it.
Do you know if the pc version has dualsense haptics and trigger support?
What's with the subtitles? They seem just as automatically generated as the YouTube ones and these even start racking up delay...
What’s with the subtitles karak? Letting us decipher those roll of your tongue phrases? Lol
Subscribed to your channel because of the first Dying Light review years ago. To have the second one so well received by critics and anticipated by fans -- really is great to hear.
Zombies. Meh.
I dont get it! You are not allowed to show game footage, but other YouTubers can apparently since I have found a dude playing 40 minutes of new footage! That aint right or fair.... hmmm.
please keep doing these videos with subtitles
I'm even more excited after watching this great video.
I look forward to your review of the game Karak.
I gotta say the pre-release embargos have me worried. Is this CP2077 again?
So it's not Cyperpunk 2077 i.e Game living up to its extreme hype and it's a Proper Sequel ? i.e Game is an actual step up from the first in every way possible.  Damn....It's about time we've gotten an actual video game that's  actually good day 1.Was actually expecting another CP2077.Guess i am pleasantly surprised to hear DL2 is not one of those games.
I don’t want something new, i want the same BUT better! Of course new graphics and better framerate(next gen.) etc etc, but Dying Light was one of my fave games that came out on last gen.!
I think it's looking pretty solid.
I Hope this game is good. There wasn't many single player AAA titles that came out in the last quarter of 2021.
Your are one of the few reviewers I trust, this gives me so much hope xD
2:23 - this you😆
"didn't want any new footage from me" *Red Flag*
We want console
I get hiding spoilers but hiding footage? Smells like cyberpunk
I’ve been hearing there are no guns in the game? So does that mean you can make your own guns? That would be sweet
Im worried that my rig just wont play this game as I would desire. I have a 1080ti, i-7 7700K, and only 16 gigs of RAM. With the rarity and cost of building a new PC, I think I am going to be stuck waiting to buy any new games.
I'm very much excited for this. Absolutely loved the first one playing coop with friends. Can't wait to do this again.
Thanks for this, I already preordered it, DL and DI are my most played games. Looking forward to your full review!
Fired possibly the greatest narrative designer working, Chris Avellone, over Twitter nonsense. They'll never see another dime out of me.
Thank you for your impressions on this new game which I'm excited about experiencing soon!
The captions are distracting
Does it still support SLI?
Not a big fan of the subtitles, they should be optional
It probably won't have them but I really hope DL2 has an adjustable FOV slider on consoles I'm pretty sure techland has only given out review copies for PC so I don't think anyone can confirm or deny this but I'm gonna keep my fingers crossed
I thought it took place 15 years after the events of DL1?
Do the decisions you made from the first game affect the sequel?
"If you don't know what walking the walk is," its the only thing better than the reviews. Love your technical take.
This won't be good and the reason why I say that is because they don't want ACG using his own footage remember Cyberpunk
Improving upon successful formula is how you create an awesome sequel. I'm looking forward to buying this, once it releases.
Great vid, bad mandatory subtitles 👎
Subs are mistimed m8
This game looks so awesome! But I’ve got to go back and complete the first one before I venture here. Never mind the fact that February is getting slammed with new releases!  Busy bee this month!
Dying light was my first PS4 game, it holds a very special place in my heart. This sequel looks absolutely incredible :)
0:28 door looks pretty strange.
Dying Light 2..."Stay human from techlind"
is it just me or does ACG sound like Ted from The Art of Photography? little different but yeah
do you have to play the first game to get the story? dying lights story and voice acting was absolute fucking garbage so i never finished it…
Subs are out of sync, thankfully though your tone and articulation is more than good enough.  That said, I was expecting much worse tbh. After all these years of delays and radio silence I thought they were about to pull a cyberpunk. I'll still wait for the final review though.
please drop the forced hard-coded subtitles.
You managed to hype me even more for this game. Next week, dropkicking time!
Anyone know when the embargo lifts? I don’t even know when the game drops
How's it run on base PS4?
Thank you for the added subtitles, ACG! Very very much appreciated :) I love it when guys like you do things like these for us hard of hearing
Great preview! Thanks for providing accessibility info as motion sickness was my biggest concern. 🤢🤮
Only b-roll footage allowed ?  Kinda Cyberpunky 2077 to me but I'm still excited about it
Why is there trees growing on top of every building? How does tree roots go into concrete?
You put it best, the fact that the game was in development hell and look like it does is pretty amazing. Another great video !
I trust your reviews far more than anyone else's and if this is looking to be as good as i hope it is I'm more than excited
Dying light is de best game zombie. Soo we cant repair weapons noo more thats stupid
It makes me really happy that they threw in some options to deal with motion sickness
I've got a ps4 Pro anyone know if they've said anything about that version? If not I'll get it on series x or ps5 when I get those consoles some time this year.
I kind dont like the street fighting/mad max look to some of the bad guys or characters.
This is what we need more games with a coop campaign can't wait for this to come out.
It’s gonna be a crazy month for games February 2022 baby!!! •Dying light 2 •SIFU •Horizon Forbidden West •Elden Ring 💍  I’m so psyched for these games. I love dark souls so Elden ring is gonna be so awesome but dying light is my all time favorite zombie game so I’m excited for dying light 2.
I have got a feeling that this game will be amazing, hope I am not mistaken. The original was great, put loads of hours into that game + DLC. Dying light 2, Horizon dawn forbidden west and elden ring all coming out in February, can't wait.
Day one for me.
Waw, what a great review.
Is fov slider on console?
Me before starting this video: "please be good please be good please be good..."
Kinda odd how the hardcoded subs are mistimed and pretty often straight up wrong. Really looking forward to playing some Daylight To
I’m so excited for this
Any dynamic weather??
Awesome to hear! I noticed though only a few mentions on combat but curious how you think it feels in regards to the original?
Glad to see dedicated subtitles for the video
Not letting you to show your gameplay footage is huge red flag for me. Sorry what mentality is this? I mean they gave you code early and not allowin to show what you played? big yikes
I'm glad they're taking the motion sickness seriously because that's why I couldn't play dying light one because I was getting sick literally of playing it
Excellent video man, looking forward to DL2!
Game pass??
The fact that they don't want any captured footage out really reminds me of cyberpunk, here's hoping it won't be like that
Everything I hear and see about this game gets me more excited, looks so polished too
11 days
I loved the OG Dying Light, but 'held off' for The Following DLC as driving mechanics were "not my thing" (I preferred parkour to "get around").  Later I realized that I had spent over 1000 hours in Harran with the DLC too.    I was looking forward to this game, but "lost interest" when delay after delay occurred (as my game backlog grew).  It began to feel that Techland backtracked on their release date(s) to ensure that "next gen" was ready rather than release the game for PS4/ Xbox 1/ PC as the LAST great 'prior gen' title (like The Last Of Us on PS3).   This game appears to be "worth the wait", however, I will wait until the 'Complete Edition' comes out later.   Another great ACG video. 👍
I'm so stoked for this, probably my most hyped game of the year.  I don't really know what is going on with the subtitles on this video man, looks like some auto subtitling software or something, it didn't really do a good job FYI.
Cant wait for this game.
I really wonder if you can repair every weapon, and how the being infected works. Is it just randomly with an item you take, or do you have to do a mission and stop whatever your doing
This looks like a real "2" game. Not a reinvention. Not a sidestep. But a legitimate step up from everything in the first. Looks great.
What's the deal with the desynced subtitles? Do we really need that in the video? Seems awfully distracting tbh.
dying light 2 and elden ring ..... hell yeah im excited. playing God of war now then getting these shortly is a great start to the year
Looks good, but I can’t stand jumpy parkour type gameplay
Did you have to choose a faction to be apart of? Or could you remain solo?
Wish i had a code since losing a job i had for 10 years due to co-vid thanks pandemic.
played 4 times the first Dying Light, for me it was game of the year, not for its story but for having so much fun. Im happy to see DL2 will be just as great!
So here's the thing that's turning me away from Dying Light 2...the developers took the guns away or made them so rare that you hardly ever get to use one. Walking up and bashing zombies in the head over and over during a lengthy campaign is something I believe will get very boring. What made the first game so neat is all of the options you have for dispensing enemies. That now appears to be greatly limited. Lastly, I don't like that I'm forced to play a brand new character either. I will wait until I know a lot more about this before I buy it.
I will not succumb to hype
I like that you're adding subs to the video, though considering the timing is quite offset from the speaking, I'd suggest using the Youtube sub system rather than hardcoding them, as for those who don't necessarily need them the timing difference is a little distracting.
thanks for the video, this sounds greaaaaaaaaaaaaat. so happy to hear its pretty solid even before official release.
If this game plays as good as it looks, we might have another potential GOTY title
Thank you ! I dont play that many games but the first dying light was fantastic and  i'm glad you bring us good news ! Finally a game that i'm sure i'm gonna enjoy !
Hardcoded subtitles aren’t great
Can’t wait !!😫
You need to find a new captioner lol
Very much looking forward to this, loved the first game. Great video, but I strongly dislike the forced subtitles, even if they hadn't also desynced around 7 minutes into the video.
I want to play this with my friends in coop
I really hope this game is finished when it comes out. We have had too many flopped bait and switch titles over the past few years.  Still won't preorder or buy a game day one ever again because of it. I hope you do a full review once the game is out.
Sounds like metro exodus’s story telling
I kind of feel relieved because to me the first game was about movement and combat, and from what you told, it seems that this game will be a banger. Hopefully story will pan out, but I don´t have high expectations anyway.
Hearing about the accessibility options for motion sickness is huge for me! I loved DL 1, but I get motion sickness very easily. This is great to hear! Very hyped.
Worried you can't use own video.. Same happend to cyberpunk. No video's except their one trailer once could be used.
Pre-ordered today getting exclusive T shirt with the game.
Might be unpopular but i never saw the hype behind the first one..Ive never been able to play past the first like 2 hours of the game without getting bored..i wish techland would focus on gettting the next dead island out..This game still looks like a wait for deep sale for me
They NEED to add a 60fps patch to the first game !
really appreciate hardcoded subtitles but would like better synchronization next time, excited for the game nevertheless!
I enjoyed the hell outa Dying light and the DLC, putting in over 100 hours with many friends. My main problem with the sequel was it's announcement was waaay to early. Delay after delay for so long just killed the hype for me. Top all that off with a release next to Elden Ring? I'm sorry but they made the choice for me at that point. I still hope it's a great game but I probably won't touch it till summer
Really appreciate the subtitles. Thank you!
This game is a definite wait for sale for me
Why do the graphics looks so bad? Very outdated models?
So excited for this
I just finished Dying Light and The Following and I'm really looking forward to picking this one up. It looks like they've ironed out some of the issues I had with the first game at the same time as improving on its already great traversal gameplay.   My main hope is that this game has a much more compelling story than the first. Early signs look promising!
Glad to hear the first impressions are solid! Really hope they don't make the ending as bad as the original game. That was my one complaint was it turned into a drawn out quick time event.
I wonder if this will come to gamepass…
So excited for this game. Can't wait to play
Game looks awesome but if they don’t have an FOV slider for the X box series X version I ain’t buying it.  I can’t play games with zoomed in FOV anymore.
"Circus Olé" ?  That's some bone apple tea stuff right here, I think you meant "Cirque du Soleil"
High hopes on this, despite removing firearms.
what's with the weird subtitles?
thank goodness for the reduced headbob. it's the only thing that makes me feel sick. I can deal with a small fov but the bobbing gets me. I wish more first person games felt like the recent Doom game. butter smooth walking and running.
Oh man, I've picked this in a fantasy game critic league thing, and this has got me hopeful I might pull a solid few points for my first game of the comp.
The only thing bothering me is the facial animations, they look dated as heck
Great work Karak
Forced subtitles? Why...
Great video as usual! Although I do have to say that the edited in subtitles are probably not the best idea, as unlike with YouTube's CC, they can't be disabled and if there are typos or they're out of sync (both problems in this video for example), you can't edit them after uploading the video.
Great first impressions! The hard coded subtitles are very distracting though, I constantly find myself looking at them thinking they are subtitles from within the game, when they aren't. Also I noticed at some points you talk so fast that the subtitles can't keep up, (06:12) so they lag behind what you're saying, which makes them even more distracting. Otherwise, great video!
Excellent video. I just hope that those 2 years of delay helped with development and especially with optimization and bugfixes and I hope this review copy impressions video is actually true. When Cyberpunk was close to lunch every reviewer and their dog said nothing about the game that is absolutely unplayable and having tones of cut content. After all these years of every single game being unfinished and filled with bugs I really want this game to be a breath of fresh air.
subtitle are not in sync?
Tempted, but man, that graphical downgrade is huge since reveal stuff.  Thanks consoles.
wow 8k views and not even an hour has passed that tells you the hype and excitement around this game! can’t wait
0:58 Ah yes, Daylight.
Your review of this game is actually what I'm waiting on to know if I should purchase it.
love the inclusion of subtitles, didn't even notice I was reading them at first but then I realised I understood more of the video than I usually do on a first viewing, please do continue doing them
Thanks for putting in your own subtitles. As someone who had a deaf brother I always felt the YouTube subtitles were bad.  So thank you from the deaf community.
First review of yours that I watched was actually Dying Light :D
Gonna play the crap out of this game when it comes out, nice to know so far the game is good love your insight of this game love it .
Why the baked in subs?
Your reviews and the general public perception of a game are so similiar (unlike some other  channels ).  Dude, you deserve more appreciation and much more views.
If this is not a direct story sequel to the first game I will be happy. The first Dying Light is still banned in Germany and one can't buy it here.
Out of all the games over last couple years I’ve been most excited for this. I really think this one is gonna be good.
i dunno if u can answer this, but how ''immersive sim'' are the faction interactions? is it only based on story missions or does it actually feel like a living world?
I'm glad they seems to remove head bobbing and excessive head movement during parkour like in the first game. DL 1 and MirrorsEdge are the only FPS games that gave me motion sickness and I finished doom and shadow warriors 2.
The typos in these subtitles are painful. They should be optional, and they should be accurate. Makes this video hard to watch
what version are u reviewing on  ?
Odd choice to make permanent subtitles and have them out of synch and full of mistakes. I only complain because the quality on this channel is so generally so high, so I actually expect better.
What's up with adding your own CC?
Not sure how I feel about another zombie apocalypse game but it sounds positive so far
I'm very much looking forward to this game! I can't recall what the minor issues were in the first one when it first came out, but I know that Techland had fixed them all and then had gone above and beyond in supporting the game well after release! They earned my trust that this one will exceed my expectations.
Does it still have crafting and gathering ?
I never figured out the difference between Dead Island and Dying Light.
Taking away  guns? seems a bad idea
Good video, though these hardcoded subtitles are too slow and contain errors such as "Daylight"
Zombie head, hedges. Amazing
Sorry, but the subtitles should be optional. To me they're really distracting, especially as they're not always in sync. Please make it something people can decide to turn on/off as to their preference.
I hope it has dlc and updates for many many years
Subs are nice, but i wish they were toggable on Youtube instead of burnt into the video. Sometimes the words are wrong it says "Daylight" when you say "Dying Light" which is just weird.  Otherwise, good video like always.
Looks endless zombie fun.
Karak, thank you for the subtitles, not only for people with disabilities, but for non native English speakers like me, it helps a great deal to not lose a single thing that you speak, I often do this with series and animated movies that are native in English, to really not lose anything to an accent or something like that, really really appreciate this!! Thank you and keep up the great work!
From day one release of dying light to today from updates dlc & expansion techland have only got better. This is a game that might not meet everyones expectations or land on it's feet 100 percent but i have no doubt this will be a banger 👌
Good to hear that they made it so that it still feels like dying light but with improvements and probably also additions. But to be honest the forced captions that gets out of sync more the further you get in the video are pretty distracting, haven't checked the CC from youtube itself do the same.
Omg the freedom exploration sandbox gameplay of the game wasn't enough for you in the 1st title, 2nd would be promising with the dynamic quest were every decisions affects the outcome of the game, I'm excited.
This looks really good, but one thing I didn't like about Dying Light and the reason I never finished was the story/voice acting was unexpectedly bland af, but other than that the game was a great zombie fighting game. I hope with this game giving emphasis on new writers in the trailers, that this new game will have the combination of good gameplay and good story!
Dying light 2 = far cry + mirrors edge no?
Monday morning folks!
This video even the subtitle in it but it slower than what he said. Weird
Barfing simulator 2...hopefully the motion sickness changes help
Already preorderd can't wait
Great video as always but please fix the subtitles next time, it's so distracting
The subs are terribly delayed later in the video. It became a distraction.
Great video, the subtitle is de-synced and somewhat different from around 6:10 than the audio, looking forward to the game and the full review too
Quick question Karak: is there HDR support? I've read nothing on this.
As long as the game runs well enough I don't care. Can't buy new GPU's anymore so I have to make do with much older hardware. I just hop emy 1070 doesn't die on me anytime soon.
PS5 or SeriesX?
I never played the first game, mainly due to zombie fatigue at the time, but I like how colorful this game is. I expected the typical gray and browns for a zombie game. I await your final review man.  I also noticed you put in your own subtitles, that's an excellent addition. Thanks for putting in that work!
So you basically put subtitles all by yourself instead of relying on YT auto CC? That's pretty nice.
Counting the minutes at the moment
Ive put hours into the first game. Im honestly excited and feel this will be a better experience compared to the releases of recent triple A titles to be honest
You lost me at my weapons broke. The reason I stopped playing the first one was because the weapons broke too easy and it was impossible to find crafting materials to fix them
Remove the subtitles wtf
I'm looking forward to this but I'm still going to wait for reviews and Digital Foundry's analysis before I decide to buy it.
Subtitles are very desynced.
Thank you for mentioning the accessibility settings. I suffer with a lot of health issues and motion sickness and headaches is one of them. I hope these will be available on console too, as I'm sure you mentioned that you had a PC code? I absolutely love it when developers include them because so many good games just don't have these options and I think that in 2022 , all games should include them.
Good stuff
If I can sign up with the crazy, spiky, cruel, raider gang, I will be signing up with the raider gang.
Thanks for a first hands on impressions Karak! I'm really looking forward to playing it, because I haven't played Dying light since The Following came out many years ago. My only hope is that its as optimized as the first game, because FSR is not implemented in the game I don't think so its gonna hit my framerate  quite a bit.
Acg... Who did the subs?
Acg with subtitles, thank you
Thanks for the review, although I'm not fan of the hard embedded subtitles. They distract me, and youtube as perfectly fine optional subtitles available :( Just my $0.02, love your content otherwise!
I hope there's an FOV on console
God I want this game so bad. I oove the 1st game & still play it all the time. Asked everyone for it for my birthday today so fingers crossed one of them will surprise me with a code or gift card to buy it with
I am so excited ! Good to see people are liking it
Sooo preoreder?
why is it so bright and colorful like your in a fairy tail
Super excited for this one and your review just excites me more
shapes up to be a good game apparently. bummer zombie games dont do anything for me. but the world looks awesome
Isnt he releasing this video a bit too early?
I really think that the subtitles should be proofread if they're included in the video like this and can't be disabled. There are way too many distracting errors in them to force them on viewers that don't need them.
Reminds me I still haven't finished The Following campaign from the first game. But I remember having lots of fun with the original back in the day. I also heard they are going to offer free next gen upgrades of the first game soon so maybe I'll replay it before this. I didn't play around with the grappling hook as much as I wanted to!
wtf are you saying????there is soo much unnecessary fodder inbetween your points like you talk so much gibberish
I've been watching everyones reactions and early gameplay on this so time to watch this one as well! My only worry so far is how floaty the jump seems to be, doesn't have that weight that Dying Light 1 had. Also the health bars on zombies but that can be turned off I think so that's fine
Game looks way too colorful imo.
I hope this isn't another cyberpunk on the console versions
I want a Kmart machete.
Huh, staying up all night has its perks. Looking forward to hearing your thoughts! 👌🏼
Came faster than Microsoft  trying to buy companies
Just paused your Gaming Podcast with Victor to watch this. Such a great guest too, really added a lot of value
I'm glad they took their time with this game, rather than rushing it. I wish more game companies would do the same.
I was looking forward to this one. Keep up the great work man! 👍
subtitles? Prodution value!
Wow that 500 hour game.
Yeah…
