Being an artist with aphantasia is quite the experience. You're able to draw, but you can't see images in your mind. Granted that is just visual memory, and we still have access to other types of memory like muscle memory and information. To get good at art you need practice, that is where muscle memory kicks in. Then you need to learn fundamentals and problem solving, that's where the information is built. Imagination can be helpful for visualization and reference, but it's "optional"? Which is weird when you consider the point of drawing is to communicate visually with others, and people with aphantasia can get by comfortably without images in your mind. That's where refs(IRL ones) come in, and a lot of people should be working with reference anyway.
APHANTASIA MENTIONED!!! Weird thing though, I don’t dream. It always shocked people when I say that. But as another artist with aphantasia I feel the pain, makes me feel like I can’t draw most of the time
Aphantasia originally pertained to just sight but now encompasses all senses.
and yet I don't care. (btw if this is on the rubberRoss video I'm commenting this on the Alpharad Switch 2 video)
I think I have the visualizing problem now that I think about it.
Yay! A fellow Aphantasia artist!
ranking of kings is incredible!!!
I'm offended that someone drew moomin with a swedish flag.
19:00 Dan Hibiki
Im so stressed, i think i have this too :( ive never thought about why i cant remember imago stuff, i didnt even know others can, thats crazy! Now im worried i can never learn it
15:48 is just wrong. it's supposed to be a finnish flag not a swedish flag...
19:35 That “Wait, she’s IN Fortnite?” is me on a daily basis
Whisper a baddie
help I watched the intro where he talked about aphantasia and immediately thought “wait, people can actually SEE STUFF WHEN THEY CLOSE THEIR EYES??” and then proceeded to do an aphantasia test  apparently I have aphantasia??
1:19 Ross please read the idw sonic comics you will enjoy them and the new characters they made
I have that to
i have aphantasia too
0:23 Same. When I was in elementary they would often tell us to close our eyes and imagine something. I would always pretend that I could when in reality I saw nothing but darkness.
This video should be seen by every person who ever wants to learn to draw. This is why references are essential, and I’m glad I watched this !
ooh i didnt know you had aphantasia— cant IMAGINE not being able to imagine haha im soo funny
I feel I have the same thing. Cause like when I try to imagine something. It’s like it’s super transparent. I can imagine it for a second but that’s about it. Usually when I draw from memory I just wing it tbh
Wow, so I decided to take a quick look at palkia's origin form. 2 hours later I forgot I was watching a video because I was going down the rabit hole that was the pokemon tree of life
0:22 this isn’t normal ?
hi, i wanted to join the discord server but sadly i cant because my phone number is already in another acc and i couldnt delete it D’X
I am the exact same, I’m an artist myself and I have never once seen the drawings I make in my head. It is simply black.
No thats Shelder and thats Clampearl
omg you ALSO have aphantasia? I never heard of someone who was an artist and have aphantasia besides myself! (Sorry if my grammar sucks its hard to imagine good grammar)
I just realized i have anphantasia. that is interstesting I thought everyone was like me. interesting
I wish you will be told by therapist in the future, that you don't have aphantasia, not so strong at least
I like the palkia drawing, but the chun li looks like its in the same art style of terminalmontage
ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO SEE THINGS WHEN YOU CLOSE YOUR EYES!?!?!?!?
Ross the cancer is in his lungs , he has a scuare beared and he has a sandy bage jacket with a bleu shirt
I got the same problem. I see N O T H I N
Ross: i have aphantasia  Also Ross: I didnt remeber :|
so validating and reassuring to see other artists with aphantasia! I tried drawing pokemon from memory once....they weren't even identifiable as those pokemon.
does aphantasia have stages? because i find it difficult to "see" things as well, but i can still sorta of get a general sense of how it looks in my mind. it's details that's i can't do. like say a kid leaning back on the edge of a pool. i can get a sense of it when i close my eyes, like the pose and where the pool is, but i can't make out a face or details of the hands or colors
Wait people can actually see there memories?!?!
I thought that the darkness was normal what
Thank you for including my fave sad boy shinji 💕
I also have aphantaisia
hey! i gots aphantasia too my man
8:23 as a female what’s that supposed to be?
Ohhh don’t worry bro I have a sister with the same thing. It really interesting. She’s actually lucid dreamed before which I believe her aphantasia may have helped a little.  I remember talking to her about thinks and my sisters like “I can only think of the idea / concept, not what it looks like”  I’m imagining to help me sleep  She struggles to sleep at night
Bro same
im gallade my brotha you hurt meeee
11:39     Close enough     It's not really a gun though, it's called a Wispon     Wisp + Weapon  It uses Wisps as powers of course the Wisps have to agree to be used
Someone got Gallade right pretty much
Is Jaiden Animations Motiny???
has garticmon been finished yet or is it still going?
What's the game rules for this?
This is a really interesting look into how Ross works with aphantasia
isn’t shinji that one guy that uhhh… over his dead girlfriends body?
wait i thought it was normal to not be able to do this
Venom Kirby is looks like Gastly from Pokemon!
If I made a video like this it would be titled : Why I can't draw..
Everyone says close your eyes and see an image but I don't see images like if it's imaginary I get visual hallucinations.
I always look for the videos with MelloDillo cause I love his art style ❤
18:05 please I came back from the bathroom and saw this 💀💀😂
don got that magic drawing fr fr
funny how this is 1 year ago and the amount of likes in the beginning that ross shows was 69k in the like and sub part
ross be quacking at the sight of people with photographic memory.
I will not stand for this Whisper the Wolf (Sonic IDW Comics) slander
15:48 THE POWER OF FLAGS AND MUMEN
Im the same i have aphantasia and literally nobody understands it lll
I wish to acquire a decent ability to draw
Dang, more people know what Moomin is than I thought
aphantasia peeps rise up!!!!!!
It’s so fun seeing other artists struggle with aphantasia- it took me years and years to learn people can actually see things in their mind
What’s all this about seeing images in ur head?? I am confused, don’t we all see black when eyes closed?
wait people can usually imagine things when closing their eyes????
SUOMI PERKELE
I know no one irl that has Aphantasia (like me) but I have seen a few in the internet
I also have aphantasia, it sucks because people expect me to be able to visualize anything. I always try to visualize things but they never appear in my 'minds eye' or whatever people call it. I also do art classes and I cant get an idea right away so sometimes I wait for a few hours to do my thumbnail sketches or my friends give me ideas and I can make up a small scenario to go with it but otherwise I cant really imagine anything.   I dont know if this happens with whoever's  reading this but have you ever spaced out and had like a shady character just appear somewhere, and when you try to look at it, it just disappears? Because that's what happens to me whenever I space out.
from what i remember the things on chun-li’s hair were white
I screamed when I saw the Swedish Flag instead of the Finnish one lmao
4:04 Shinji, crank that Soulja Boy
YOO I HAVE THAT TOO!!!!
I recently found out I also have aphantasia. Mines not the same because I can get flashes, almost like the flash on a camera, but there’s a vague over exposed whisper of the image for a half a second. I also see things mostly in text, but I haven’t dreamt since secondary school. Well, seen a dream since then. I had one single night terror in my life about 3 years ago. Only know it because I woke up mid panic attack.
“GET IN THE DAMN TIN CAN, SHINJI!” -Gendo Ikari, 1995
I don't envy people with Aphantasia.
It amazes me that you can have aphantasia and still draw as well as you do.  Guess I'll have to find another excuse for why I can't art. :D
i also cannot draw from memory, or construct poses properly in my mind i have less severe but still pretty bad aphantasia and even then anything i picture is pretty nebulous and will fade quickly which really doesn't help much
I thought it was normal not being able to "imagine" something :/
WHY IS THE GREEN M&M A MAJIN
I'm imagining Ross having a ton of problems here but considering how long he's been doing art, I doubt it's gonna be that bad.
Just watched this months after but Ross talking about using swords on Alexander still got me? I need to rest.
Is it just me or do some of the gallades look like there MegaMan battle network versions of the base form
i never understood the whole aphantasia thing, or rather what it's like to have vs not. Like, do people like, ACTUALLY see things when they think about stuff? Like i can imagine an apple, i can rotate, peel it, etc. but im not actually SEEING it when i think it. am i just misunderstanding phrasing or are people actually seeing things.
*This is why you shouldn't self diagnose based on a YT video you watch* (which he admitted to in an earlier video). Many ppl have aphantasia and have no idea anything is "wrong" because it doesn't impact their lives. He's done many draw from memory videos before without a voice over where suddenly he speaks as if he has a disability. Meanwhile, his friends can't draw from memory perfectly (as is normal unless you have photographic memory) but they aren't making weird flexes. I gotta unsub from this guy. It is a dangerous thing to be on a platform and indirectly promote self-diagnosing. Even medical professionals don't self-diagnose.
13:32 ross i am sorry but did you say one punch guy😂😂😂😂
Aphantasia Gang
I just can’t draw in general, I’m too fuckin stoopid.
You did surprisingly well, honestly.
I've got aphantasia too, tho to a somewhat lesser degree!! I hadn't know you had that
3:46, fck, it's not red anymore, where am i supposed to click now?! (sarcasm, just in case...)
23:53 Joseph Joestar; now starring in breaking bad!
As someone who also has aphantasia,you did kinda good,i could never do that
I have the same issue, I can’t visually imagine anything and have to describe it verbally in my head
I’m late but this video made me realize I have aphantasia and I never knew because I thought everyone felt the same way. I’d never heard of aphantasia before you mentioned it but when I went to read about it I thought “isn’t this normal”. I never realized people actually saw images in their head.
I think I have the same thing you do, only I can bring them up for a split second before they just kinda vanish. Like I can try to bring up a picture of ps1 crash bandicoot but it disappears like a computer tab that keeps closing.
I love all of Don’s drawings
10:06 the m&m looks real
Juny's Chun-Li looks kinda like Jolyne from Jojo.
i am literally the sameeeee broo
I love juny's tiny Kirby in the corner.
you can really tell just who is part of this community when the most replayed part of the video is the green M&M
0:21 - 0:45 same. :)
5:40 I love the synchronized "EEEVIL"
The fact whisper looks like she’s trying not to look at the drawing killed me 😂
17:37 our boi got vored
My favourite part of this video is just Right ss describing the characters before he draws them
Isn't mumin Finish and not Swedish? (please corect me if I'm wrong)
WHY DID YOU DO ALEXANDER LIKE THIS LMFAO
I can’t draw at all
I can kind of visualize but just barely I dont see anything when I close my eyes but I do remember what things look like and kind of see them in my head
Noooo! Prince Bogie! How ross masecured my boy!
bro he remembered Female version of gardevoir more than the boy version bro wtf 😭😭😭😭😭😨😨😨
Me too 😮‍💨 I can't memorize anything without an  idea of reference
you fool... I USE YOUTUBE DARK MODE AND THE SUBSCRIBE BUTTON IS WHITE!
these people need to shut up more... they're all talking into eachothers mouth and triest so hard to be loudest one
What settings does he use to get that certain mode
I like how at 14:45, NO ONE mentions how Don drew a completely serious, pretty much 1 to 1 drawing of Alexander
Love that Palkia!
you gotta be careful when making a "psst" sound
me with bad memory worse than dito's memory( yes i have memory worse a pokemon that has terrible memory)
OMG I also have aphantasia! Can't see in my dreams tho, it’s just inner monologue
I also have aphantasia, and you are the person who actually helped me realize that In a previous video of yours
2:28 ayo wtF
24:31 "I was an accident"
its not fine watch breaking bad befiore ranking iopf kings
AM I THE ONLY ONE COMMENTING THAT ISN’T A TALENTED ARTIST? Everyone I know can draw.. here is an example of how I feel: Me: “HEY WANNA SEE MY DRAWING?” *shows a stupid looking drawing* Friend: “oh cool... hey like my self portrait? It’s a little amateur but I can improve it later...” *holds up the most detailed and realistic self portrait* Me: “WHY DO I EVEN OWN PENCILS?”
Wait, WHAT?  I thought it was normal to not see anything im mind!  So, people are able to see something in their head?! What?
cryptid / yōkai pokemon forms could be a cool twist on pokemon.
nice to see a fellow artist with aphantasia :3
When it comes to drawing, being able to draw without being able to visualize what you want is very impressive, I have the ability to visualize what I want but I still am no where near the skill level that he is
Wait. WAIT. IM SORRY PEOPLE CAN ACTUALLY SEE IMAGES WHEN THEY CLOSE THEIR EYES AND IMAGINE THINGS HUH???
Wait so people can actually imagine pictures in their head while closing their eyes? I just see the dark abyss like Ross does
You see, I can ONLY draw stuff from memory. I do not have the ability to copy something :). It’s fun but very annoying.
Rubberross: Shellos! drawsShellos being 1 of   Jaiden fav Pokemon
Oh, I have aphantasia. That is just a lame excuse to being unobservant.
24:35 YES! SANS! SAAAAAAAAANS!
turd
Just have to say, and I hope I don't upset people, don't use aphantasia as a cop-out. Too many people in the comments saying it means they will never be able to draw well. It does not mean you can't get body proportions right. That is hard work, but you can do it without being able to visualize a character. Put in the work and you'll still get good.
I’m so upset at the lack of Chibi Robo game 😔 It’s my favorite game of all time! SO GOOD!!!
That Wolf is 100% stolen from Kojima.
Wait people see things when they close their eyes?
don is amazing
I also have aphantasia. The only thing I see when I close my eyes is textured, warpy darkness.
I find it crazy how good you are at art even with aphantasia
Shellos. Me: WHERE THE FUCK IS JAYDEN!?
Ayo same
Dude same thing happens to me ! If I am looking at something I can recreate it preety well and accurate but if you ask me to draw by memory I'll mess it up like a 10 year old 😄😅
i just heard of pun pun so um is it a book and um where can I get it I cant find it
I just do this thing where I scratch a shape and keep forming it until it begins to resemble something.. have no idea what I'm doing, but it keeps working somehow..
I never met anyone who can actually see images in there head, idk if aphantaisa is just very common or they somehow thought they couldn't see images in there head but they could
I can generate 3D images in my head
Aaron's Walt reminded me of Al from Toy Story 2 lmfao (23:07)
13:00
Why
hey, someone who draws and has the same issue i have, is this inspiration to actually work and not just give up?
I love the Chibi Robo holding Gex. Scott the Woz reference? Maybe.
That's so interesting I also have aphantasia, it's very interesting to see other people who have it especially when they are a talented artist like yourself. Have you always had it? I believe mine developed after a surgery where I was put under as a kid but I have a bad memory so I may have always had it
5:17 he might be maiden less but he got him a lil boyfriend
18:15 What a fun little prank.
I was totally expecting a Pot of Greed joke for Alexander the Jar
Damn i have that problem too when my teacher tell us to imagine an apple for example i could't see so i just pretend that i haved imagined
Moomin is a troll, he is the nice troll!  I dont know how to really say it.. but hope its understandeble.
Uhh, thanks Ross I have Aphantasia and I never knew.. that was fucking crazy to find out people can actually close their eyes and see detailed pictures and images. Or any image for that matter
How does he have aphantasia but perfectly recreates the perspective of palkia's most iconic pose and shape? I know each person is different and Ross isn't going to see this but the concept of not remembering shape or form makes no sense to me given that shockingly close likeness of palkia.
As an artist with with pretty much zero visual recall, I’m very impressed…
I might have the same condition it genuinely took me a while to realize when people say to picture something they can actually like see that thing I can imagined there traits but I never see anything
1:07 i cant fucking believe some one draw like that in gartic O__O
"If you like what you see" MISTER THAT IS AN ABOMINATION
The only mental image I have of the green M&M is the one with the mustache xd
I see a very simple version of the character like very minor details.
guy was very offended people did not like galade haha
hell yes punpun
I ᒲᔑ ╎リ ||𝙹⚍∷ ∴ᔑꖎꖎᓭ
Oh I think I have aphantasia
My thing is, I can see something's sometimes if I focus hard enough or space out if my eyes are open, if I close my eyes and try to Invision something, it's just blank and I can't imagine anything
bummer that not a lot of people know about Whisper, but she’s great and one of the best characters in the comics!!!
YOUTUBE IS RICKROLLING PEOPLE WITH FOOD ADS, THEY ARE HUNGRY, ANGRY AND LAUGHING.
I have a very importend message to Freeglass, the entire population of Finland know your lacation and your sin, start running (15:48)
The last Kirby felt like a tomie refrence
15:30 actually you can hit him with everything, you need only a full charged heavy attack, after talking to him
Will you be uploading the Deltarune Chapter 2 stream on the VOD channel, or is that just abandonned at this point?
Aphantasia hm, didn't realize it was a thing till this video, I thought it was normal to see nothing, you saying that made me go into a spiral, and I started researching about it because of you 😭😭😭😭 I didn't know I had it 😭😭
Same with me when i close my eyes i see black
This is relatable, except my drawing is trash🙂.   well maybe in a few years my drawing would be good as you, I just started drawing a month ago.
YOOOOO YOU HAVE APHANTASIA AS WELL
10:07 holy crap how did Smashtoon do that IN GARTIC PHONE wow hahaha
That Chun-Li design is actually really cute!
i love the scott the woz reference 22:28
So what happened to when you trolled peoe with your emotes in an smp
I wish just one person had just drawn some random ass character during the kirby round and been like "I'm sorry, idk what kirby looks like :("
13:00
I want to personally thank PlagueOfGripes for adding in IDW.  Just IDW in general.
Hey Ross, i´ve been watching your videos for a while now and I wonder if there´s an up-to-date link to join the garticmon discord. Keep up the good work!!!
Love the Scott the woz reference w chibi robo holding gex :)
Ok but like how do you get diagnosed with aphantasia isn't it like in your head. so like is there a test you took?
Here I thought aphantasia was highly uncommon, but scanning through these comments, I feel like I'm the odd one who actually does NOT have it!
Absolutely hate how this is where I learned about Rainbow Dash in the Jar
Oh god its Plague!  I like that guy hes a good artist
My mother used to watch momim
Oh boy, giving Moomin a Swedish flag is the type of thing wars are started over 🇸🇪/🇫🇮
I can't (or can just barely) form a mental image of something if I'm trying to do so, but I *can* do it quite easily if my mind is also preoccupied by something else. Does that count as a form of aphantasia?
I'm traumatized you ain't seen breaking bad
Wait, most people can actually make pictures in their head?!? I thought that was a metaphor!
Wait, when ppl close their eyes can they really see images???/s
I have the same thing…
14:38 OH YEAH!
i don’t know why he decided to do this since he physically can’t but its more content for so yay
Ross set himself up to be terrible at this then was way closer than I could ever get on all of them
Don's drawings never fail to crack me up
Hey, I have aphantasia too!
A video idea, the style would be the same as creating pokémons where everyone would gain a type, but instead of creating new pokémons, you recreated. Each one chooses a pokemon of the type they won.  Example: the person chose Gengar and you received the fire type, you will make a Gengar as fire type
0:23  1: I didn't know there was a term for that
Hey I really loved your Venom video so can you do a part 2
I never understood what the problem with having a reference was.  Like, even if you have great memory and are capable of creating vivid mental imagery, you should still be allowed to use references.  I can create entire cinematic universes in my head, but not only can I not translate them onto paper, but there are certain details I can never recall.  Also, references allow your art to be more precise, even if you have good memory, you want to make sure you're getting all the details right.
Steven universe fusions when
Ok i can remember their looks.. i can do this...       👁👃👄           👁
wait do i have that to i cant imagine in my mind and its all black
i have aphantasia too! drawing from memory is so harddd
Can you one day animate the genshin characters getting their visons
Perkele! Torille.
You definitely helped me be sure I am exactly the same as you are. I always have kind of descriptions in my mind but absolutely no images ! Thanks, it helps =)
What are you writing with?
Thanks noah for keeping the reference image up the whole time. I was one that commented every time.
i was wondering this can aphantasia people imagine sound?
Oh daaaang! Aphantasia gang!
I have memory issues too... I cant see things in my mind very well or at all. I could have mild version of what you have.
SmashToon's m&m was incredible, and then ross' right after was just perfect comedic timing
NO NOT SNUFKIN IM DYING,.,., U DREW MOOMINTROLL 😭
i cant even fathom not being able to think visually
I know there's a name for the effect of "learn about thing, see thing  EVERYWHERE" but I learned about aphentashia from a carlsagan32 stream and since then I have steadily begun to believe y'all claiming to see stuff in yo head at will are the odd ones out here
I thought the thing with Aphantasia was an "everybody has that thing", and now when I think about it there is a big chance that I have it. I dream yes, but trying to imagine what a sandwich look like then it is a no (thinking it is only a yes or no question). Thanks for enlightening me about this Ross!
Hey ross can you give us (Me) a new discord invite? :) pls
he better at drawing from memory then me but I can accualy see images... this do be sad
The YouTuber DEOTOONS did that a long time ago if you can understand French you should check it out
Lmao same... I have aphantasia too, and it really sucks as an artist
I dont draw a lot but I can remember images and get them mostly spot on without details and look at refrences and get it perfect. Too bad I only draw for concept sketches.
Why is shellos fighting type
The guessed for the pokémon ones could be very cool fakemon!🌻💖  Maybe region version of your rom hack?
Drawing custom creepypasta
I haven’t seen a gartic phone video in a while but I really prefer the new way of skipping the drawing by going through who was who.
Male gardevoir Rubber: oh! $#!+... Gotcha! *continues to draw a censor bar for his winky* Ross: there! :D    Oof... Jaiden was probs angy when Shellos was done dirty like that, lol
Didn’t know you were an aphant, now I can no longer blame that for being bad at art :(
Man I always use Chun-li in street fighters, the most op character that i will never refuse to use.
WHY U GOTTA ADD NIPPLES INTO EVERYTHING
Man why they gotta say something all at the same time when a drawing shows up
Punpun was a good manga, read it
Seeing someone put whisper in the prompts got me so happy. Then ross drew. Im not mad, im not even sad. Just disappointed i didnt see it coming
I still don’t understand how people can just close their eyes and like actually see what they trying to imagine like what?
More
I can visualize things when I'm not trying to but as soon as I want to visualize something my brain is just like *haha no loser*
15:50 As a finnish person, this hurt my soul (The Moomins is from Finland, the author Tove Jansson wrote The Moomins in swedish first so people often confuse them for being swedish when in reality they are finnish) But it always blows me away that people outside of Finland, who are non-fin, know what The Moomins are and it makes me happy that people know about them :3  16:10 Whoever told him that, thank you and OMG HE SAID IT! SUOMI MAINITTU, TORILLA TAVATAAN, PERKELE! 🇫🇮🇫🇮
I don't get what's so messed up about the horse in the jar thing.
u guys could do one where u describe very poorly a character and u need to guess????
yo PUN PUN
Then how did you draw the thumbnail ?
Ayyyyy fellow cursed with aphantasia  Your pain is felt
I’m absolutely livid, because I can create the best images in my mind, I can see them very clearly and how they would translate onto paper, but my hands just can’t transfer anything onto paper in any cohesive way.  I can paint miniatures really well, I know what colors I want and where to put them, and how to blend them and pick out details and highlights, but none of that translates to me making my own drawings and it’s driving me insane because I want to draw things but no matter how long I practice or many things I practice my hands just don’t let me draw anything that looks anywhere near halfway decent.
I cant draw charechtors from memory either i can barely remeber a charechtors name in a gb shiw that ive watcged multiple seasons of
WAIT SO WHEN YOU CLOSE YOUR EYES AND IMAGINE YOURE ACTUALLY SUPPOSED TO SEE SOMETHING?
Bro I have, Aphantasia too, accept I also don’t dream so yeah. I think that’s why I don’t sleep at night, I am hunted by the darkness at 🥲
Aren't the green M&M and the Brown M&M together or something
Palkia was a proto
i had no clue what aphantasia was until now. i thought everyone was like this :0 thank you ross c:
Fun fact:The green and brown m&m are lesbians
From a finnish guy im very disapointed in the swedish flag good videos buut thats what can trigger someone whos finnish
Props for Josh for doing the best boi bojji for his character :'D
i also have aphantasia and it's such a big problem, so what i can only do is rely on references. man, i wish i don't have this
Can you do ghost rider challenge on gartic phone?
I can relate
Aaronazart’s Walter white looks like the Cheeto dude from the toys story movie
I have the images in my head & I try my best to draw it but it's not as good as I want it to be
Chun li (Street fighter)  Fortnite kids: *Fortnite
"I've got Terminal 7, Jesse. Brain cancer. I don't even know what that means, but we gotta make more meth!"
Sooo Walter White,  Aaronazart, looks more like Al McWhiggin from Toy Story :D
I can't at all my memory is of a braindead child I NEED a pic OR I need to REALLY examine it somewhat before I draw it maybe a day or something
The green m&m has the same energy as Torpedo Girl from Bobobo
My husband has aphantasia!! It's so cool to see more people have it!
Wait that memory thing is a THING. I always got so confused in school when we were asked to imagine something and I never could, I just thought everyone was lying
Just once, I'd love to see someone go all KEN ISHIKAWA or GO NAGAI on a childhood character in one of these, like Thomas the Tank Engine or Blinky Bill or something. All grotesquely evolved from magic space rays and such.
IDK if it works for anyone else but the discord link doesn't work for me
don just cant miss
Damn
You should do a “what if Kirby ate …” theme
SAME! I hate not being able to see the image in my mind
l was wondering, can people with Aphantasia do things like rotate an image in their minds While they are looking at said image? Like, if they look at a picture of stick-figure style house, would they be able to visualize that house upside-down if they're allowed to keep looking at it?
demons are bad
here is an idea for the next animation fusion like animation.   non pokemon characters and creatures evolving from baby to mid stage to final (and maybe mega too if long enough.)
I genuinely didn't know that people could see in there heads.
Ross made Chun-Li a Pixar mom. and His Shellos looks like a Fish Hooks character
20:16 PlagueOfGrapes drew resetti's brother don.
it's like, i can see parts. Blurry parts. I know vaguely what i want, but can't see in detail. My brain thinks in constant rough sketches and can't transition to lineart. It makes designing characters that have detail (and pretty clothing) hard. I have an easier time with designs i see a lot and replicated a few times.
How does one like you take steps to create a new character if you can't see anything in your imagination?...
Wait, so normal people can just close their eyes and imagine a movie-like scenario in their head? Well, new member to the aphantasia club I guess
Can we get another minecraft funny emotes
Don's stuff is great, he did my icon
This is a Josh art appreciation post. The comments are always full of love for Juny and Don (deservedly), but Josh's art in this game of Gartic Phone was very well laid out and had lots of care. It's been awesome to watch the various regulars on Ross's Gartic sreams improve, and Josh has been dialing it up to 11 more and more!
I've got the exact opposite problem, haha. I've got hyperphantasia, meaning I can mentally see everything, heck, I can even mentally feel the paper on my hand, smell the pencil/pen/whatever, but I just cannot translate that into art.   I know every stroke I need to make, but just can't actually formulate it. it sucks because I get easily frustrated when it happens and just give up, even though I don't want to.
I legit just got into moominvalley and the moomins 5 weeks ago and seeing snufkin and moomin content these days is a sign i meed to sacrifice my allowance for their books and mugs
Moomin is my childhood cartoon. I still have some of its dvds lying around
It's cool to see that I'm not alone just seeing dark when I close my eyes
why did freeglass draw moomin holding a swedish flag??
mario is is good!
They should have asked you guys to help rebranding the m&m (9:32)
I wanna see more fusion videos. Fuse Naruto with aggron
Wow I haven't watched your gartic stuff in a while now but I like the little shake up of format/style of video. Makes it a little more engaging than before, good job.
>"everyone is mad that the green M&M is not sexy anymore?" No... Just Tucker Carlson of Fox News
People with Aphantasia see nothing because their brains rely on G-code. No source of G-code, no product. Like a 3D printer.
What if you drew some things But the references has to be very low quality
the shellos might fith the name bethany
I have amphantasia and I struggle with practicing drawing without a reference. but I have the most vivid dreams and I try to explain them and I made a Bitmoji based off of a guy I dreamt about. going through all the things to see if it looked right
God the Rainbow Dash jar made me want to die.
Pros do Robot characters? Ex. Claptrap, Alexander (Final Fantasy), GlaDOS, etc.
I only clicked on this video because I saw Chun Li
23:08 *Al the Chicken Man*
Man I can see stuff vividly in my head but I see it wrong lmao. My mom has aphantasia and got frustrated, then made me look at a candy wrapper and then close my eyes and describe it to her. I could see the wrapper vividly in my head! But my brain just filled in nearly all of the details wrong. Now take that and apply it to nearly everything. I can see what the thing is, but if i didn't study it thoroughly, it comes out wrong despite appearing totally normal in my brain
Moomin being finnish yet the only flag present being swedens makes me smile a whole lot.
THE KIRBY MITOSIS WAS SO UNDERRATED
I don’t really have a specific idea but maybe doing something trying to replicate popular art styles, like Disney, Seth McFarlane, Adventure time, etc.
Bad memory club qwq
i can see images, of like places ive been. but cant make it up
yES EVANGELION
This is so hard to wrap my head around like you can’t have a mental image but then how do you remember what something looks like?
The funny thing is I actually knew who Whisper the Wolf was because I just started getting the Sonic Comics again!
shoutout to mellodillo for referencing Scott the Woz in the Chibi-Robo round
who was depressed enough to suggest punpun lmfao
I think I also have aphantasia because I also can't visualize images I'm my head, lol up until now I thought it was normal
I guess you can say Resseti is a 'miner' charecter/j P.S. I have aphantasia too!
i also have aphantasia!!!!
2:21 I could really use a salamence right now-
When I imagine I can only see the image as if it had like 20 ocupacity or something like that
Can you imagine stuff with your eyes open? It's incredible you can draw at all if you can't re-call references
Éxito global 🙏🙏🙏
22:22 I love how Ross drew the Australian plug for Chibi-Robo, you can't escape your past!
14:19 The fact that I know what it refers to highly disgust me just from the view ._.
22:29 - is that a Scott the Woz reference?
Wait I thought it was normal to see black when imagining?? And just like think of the details??
If I had a nickle for everytime someone has drawn Chun Li in her classic outfit, I would be able to buy a both of the outfits professionally made  And I blame fortnite for that, as cursed as that sounds
I have a question, Do you use drawing tablet?
THEY DID WHISPER SO -DIRTY- GOOD <3
I would like to see you guys try to draw animations reverse, (the first frame would be the last basically)
how come everyone in this comment section has aphantasia??
Wait, when people say they like, see a field in their mind when they’re conscious?? Like how? I remember someone telling me they could imagine a cube and people rotate that: that’s an actual thing? I thought they were describing it- not actually able to see it?
0:20 stop the cap
I only know of chibi robo because of Scott the woz.
Juny!!!
Not the swedish flag at one of the snufkin drawings 😂💀
maybe that is a drawback that comes with being an artist
I know she's kinda obscure, but Im still kinda sad most of them didnt know Whisper. The IDW comics are honestly amazing, anyone who even kinda likes Sonic should check it out
Ross Just gained 15k overnight, Congrats!
why tf is aaronazart so good at the mermaid man evil scream
Results at 4:00
I boy you are not alone. Unfortunately (or fortunately, it depends) I, unlike you don't have any dreams
Love the new format for the videos! But would love if you could zoom in for the reveals would love to see more detail!
I swear, I can't grasp the concept of people who DON'T have aphantasia. Like, what do you mean you can see/visualize things? What?
is that burter and jeice in your backround?
No I do not like this
That Palkia looks like a Ditto transformed into a Palkia
Tried to watch. Too many ads. Gave up after 2 ad breaks in 5 min.
25:05 is the best “IDK” drawing
Whisper the Wolf fans dying inside a little today
15:46 Moomin is Finnish tho not swedish
After I first learned about aphantasia and how I have it (in my late 30s, btw) I explained it to my family and was curious to know if any of them had it too.  I found that my dad was also aphantasic, my mom and sister had normal visualization, and my daughter is hyperphantasic (opposite of aphantasia, she visualizes in even better resolution than reality practically all the time). I also started wondering about other senses as well.  When I think about a song I know very well, I can "hear" it clearly as if I were wearing headphones, except the lyrics are a bit garbled, but the instrumentals are very clear.  If I think about a smell, particularly smells like food and spices, I start to smell and taste them faintly.  And, if I focus carefully, I can make my body feel slightly warmer or colder, I can focus on a spot on my skin and feel a spot of pressure that I can move anywhere on my skin at will, or I can focus inside my body and feel like a brush is running back and forth through my arm or leg bones or feel like a long rod is running up and down the center of my body and I can spin it slow or fast and, if I spin it really fast, it feels like it's throwing off electric sparks.  But I can't imagine pain at all; only pressure, heat, cold, or those internal sensations.  So I wonder if any non-aphantasics or fellow aphantasics experience the other senses in a similar way.
dude aphantasia is so wild, props to you for being such a stellar artist despite everything it brings with it! that shit's so difficult for me, it's like needing to depend on your ability to recognize it after the fact, with only a ball park guess going into it.
I can't even draw my oc from memory😑
moomin isn't really swedish, it's finish.
Just because you don't remember absolutely perfectly how something looks like, you have aphantasia? My man, I honestly cant perfectly visualize my own face I see everyday, that doesnt mean I have a bullshit made up disorder.  I seen the Statue of liberty, now if I set out to draw it from memory, id fuck it up.   The entire world has this made up disorder by that logic.  Also your drawings seem close enough for an actual person drawing from memory.  Edit: Youre literally saying most people have perfect visual memory and you dont
Why did Ross’s shellos look like it could be a boss from Splatoon just because of the face lol
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates 🎈
Fun fact: The green M&M and the brown M&M are lesbian
Hey Ross, thanks to you I also found out that I have aphantasia, I had no fricking clue people actually see stuff when they close their eyes.
as a fellow person with aphantasia, i know how hard it is as an artist to draw characters, so I usually just draw my own original characters. it’s amazing that you can still pull it off.
Reminds me of Scribble Showdown Dublin
still absolutely wild to me that some people dont just see black when they close their eyes
wait people can just make images in their brain?!
i have aphantasia too and i try to dream with my thoughts
Huh I have Aphantasia too and thought it just wouldn’t be possible to be an artist with it. I’m really impressed
Because your memory sucks, the end
“If you like what you see”   Buddy that’s the one part of the video that sucks.
I loved the one about the comedians and puns. Even if it wasn't on purpose, its brilliant and it flew over everyone's head even after they explained it.
I'm always really happy to hear when an artist has aphantasia like I do! Like... your videos itself and the stuff you do it a huge inspiration for me to keep learning hand have fun with art! And even though we don't see stuff when we try to picture it in our head we can still have fun with drawing stuff from "memory" :D
The drawing was out of his imagination
I love tiny faced Chun-li xD
Your Megamind was on point :)
I clicked on this hoping it meant exactly what I thought it did. And it did not disappoint! I have aphantasia too! I usually write because it's an easier medium despite still having to look up reference pictures to add more intense descriptions. I've always wanted to learn how to draw, but never thought it was really possible. Wow! I'm so blown away that you have it too. Maybe I should pick up a pencil after all. I can't help but feel inspired. Thank you!
People from States and elsewhere only know finnish swears like Perkele. Like, cool, you speak my language, and? Yes, Suomi Mainittu ja niin edelleen.
Why are half of these drawings turned into mixmatched animations lol
having aphantasia sucks, but its something we gotta love with
For me, after I draw a character once, I can remember what they look like when I draw the character again. However, if I don't have a reference the first time, I just can't draw the character.
Palkia‘s face is just amazing! 😂
I am glad i am not an art youtuber, i would just be the most disappointing person ever in gartic since i knew only like, green m&m and kirby before they drew
8:31 14:19 14:49
Thank you for informing us. I had no idea that the inability to visualize is a potential condition, not a personal flaw.
I also can't draw by memory lol
Damn you made me click this video I wonder why..
moomin is finnish not swedish lol
That jar section causes me to consider pretending everyone in this video doesn't exist for my foreseeable future.
im mad that for chibi robo nobody did the photo of him on fire lol
15:51 this is sacrilegious, Tove Jansson wasn't Swedish.
Honestly being able to make a perfect mental image has been what's kept me out of art Let alone art skills, but if I try and draw something the image I have in my head will just constantly change I'd be half way through drawing a new fursona for myself (the one in my pfp is not drawn by me, it was my friend, I wish I was that good) and I'll start with an image of let's say a fox Then half way through drawing a fox sona my ADHD brain decides "it's a dog now" and the original fox I had in my head is gone, reduced to atoms, never to be seen again So then I get stuck Do I commit to making a fox but not have it fit to the image im thinking? Or do I start making it a dog now to fit the mental image I have just to probably have it change AGAIN? It's really demotivating
Finally another artist with aphantasia. So many friends and people I know don't belief me when I tell them I draw and I have aphantasia xD I have so vivid dreams and always wish i could see like this in my head when I am awake. You are such an inspiration Ross!
Ross: I haven’t seen breaking bad  Everyone: ok that ok me neither   Junny: I’ve never played Animal Crossing  Everyone: *GAAAASP*
Alexander: Give me a good smack in the rear, Preferably with something big and blunt  Me: Wait what ?
Imma be 100% legit no matter what the title says or what the video is before I even watch it I hit like. The content is just what it is and it makes me laugh being a horrible artist. Anywho keep it up I love the comic nature of all you guys. You should see if Jihi would join you guys one day I feel she may love it too.
Is it not normal to see black when you close your eyes?
I love that he believes his own self diagnosis of aphantasia, the mf googled it once and said "no way i have that", and believed it ever since without ever going to someone professionally about it to prove he actually has it.
Wait Isn't normal see nothing?
I have actually the same problem and never connected it to my aphantasia :-D so I guess I learned something about myself to day... ALSO as a Finn I was about to start looking for the commen about FreeGrass drawing the Swedish flag for the moomintroll but stopped after that "oh it's finnish. sorry. perkele" :DD
Ross totally should do a competition for his community about garticmon, say if he needs some evolutions he can pick his favourites from what his community has drawn, and he could have the original artists name be a pun for the garticmon, or maybe mix the first evolutions name with it. Also this is an amazing video 🙃
i just relized im not subbed and i've been watching your content for the last 2 months my bad
but does "Dream Ross" have aphantasia too? or is Dream Ross able to use a mind's eye?  PS: I'm waiting for an "Artists with Aphantasia draw from Memory" video now.
every time don draws is fucking hilarious
I’m glad no one picked up on the “What’s in Shinji’s Hand? Joke. That scene stills haunts me.
22:31 Mellodillo, I see what you did there.
"Oohhh nooo" -guy who also made a cum jar joke
Nobody knowing chibi-robo deeply saddened me, go play chibi robo original for the gamecube via (TOTALLY) legal means, and chibi robo clean sweep, which was never released outside japan but has a complete fan translation (which you may acquire via TOTALLY legal means aswell).
Oh no, you drew Snufkin's boyfriend instead
Glad to see more gartic phone
I love these so much.  Especially sense every person just look like stick figures and I can no long tell the difference between them… These episodes bring me so much joy.
The Jar (which I didn't even know he had a name, I just broke him. Is he the one that's stuck?), Pun Pun, and Whisper the Wolf, these are terrible. These were mostly awful suggestions. Walter White, Kirby, Green M&M,  and like 10% were okay. What was up with these suggestions?
Don's kirby looks like barny the dinosaur💀
I actually thought I might have aphantasia but if I focus a lot I can imagine things that are very familiar too me, but mostly no full pictures but just certain details and at that very vague. And I am very bad at drawing things from memory aswell because I don't see them in my head. So like... maybe I don't have complete aphantasia but a little bit? Is this possible?
mean this in no harm but you look like a microwaved Mr. Beast
Ding Dong shellos 👀
0:16  No homo No homo  Why do you keep saying that soo it won't be gay
Ok, I definitely have the same problem as you. I’m a hobby artist, and I can’t imagine people but my muscle memory helps and when I draw and see the lines, I can tell if it’s off or not. I only have that problem with faces.
"I was an accident"  ... welp, time to take Ross out of context.
I love that the scene that the meme is from is one of the most fucked up moments in the show, too
I feel your pain Ross... I didn't know there was a word for it...
I never watched Neon Genesis Evangelion. I just thought a ton of people were drawing themselves sad in a chair at first because they didn't know who he was like me.
Don is a truly amazing artist, especially when it comes to making others laugh. We should be like Don.
soo, is [Boi] the not gallade going to make it into Gartic-mon?  I wish to capture a he, but see what..."minute' differences exist between genders...  That, or just have a literal lump sit on people in battle.
me: sees them draw both whisper from sonic idw comics and snufkin from moomin :DD :3 during the whisper: lmao those whispers XD there were also some good designs tbh during snufkin: uuuuuuuh moomins are finnish, sure the writer spoke swedish but they are fins swedish, but eh oki.... also why is there so many moomins i thought you were going to draw snufkin there
Aphantasia was something that shook my grandmas world, I was speaking with her about my own discovery of having it, only for her face to drop, "I think I have it too." she is 72 and it kinda messed her up knowing that she had been imagining things differently than most for her entire life without ever noticing it.
How did half the people here not know who chibo Robo is-  Also I have a similar problem with visualizing things in my head. I can kinda relate to this as I’ve tried to draw as well and fail terribly without any kind of reference.
I love how Ross' drawings evolve into Family Guy sometimes.
when I close my eyes I see cheese
As an artist who recently learned that has aphantasia, this is kinda cool to see.
Hey, me too, I didn't even know people could actually see things voluntarily (or involuntarily) when they closed their eyes. It's all black over here too.
Hey, congrats on 900k!
I am here for Plague degeneracy.
as someone with aphantasia, i feel you, it makes me trying to draw very hard. so it is nice to see that i am not the only one who suffers in drawing because of it.
Ross: is it a good show? should I watch it? Me just a person who watches ranking of kings:    YES YOU SHOULD!!
Wow everyone Ross has Aphantasia, wow everyone look. Look everyone, look! A guy who draws cant picture things in his head - wow everyone thats kind of antithetical of what you'd think an artist should be like! Wow everyone, isnt that amazing! Ross is like daredevil but  the daredevil of artists everyone!!! Wow everyone how amazing! Wow, so special!
Gotta love that almost everyone associated shinji with the chair meme
i find it super interesting but its so saddening to know about all these cool every day things alot of people can do that are impossible for me to experience. i dont picture things whatsoever in my head. never understood why people said to close your eyes so you can imagine something better. i do dream and everything, but talking to others who can flat out play songs in their head, imagine  objects to draw,  remember how to write languages just from memory makes me just want to be able to experience those things so bad. ive tried lucid dreaming before and i wonder if this is partly why that never works for me.
Wait people can actually see pictures. I though it was just normal to see only black
Ross: "I drew Shinji from Evangelion."  Me doing the Gendo pose: "Yes... Good..."
Of all the places, this was the last I thought of when being concerned about Elden Ring spoilers 😂 (Couldn't play it till now 😭)
I also have aphantasia ✋!
Love ur videos!!!
e
I, too, also have aphantasia and have not seen breaking bad :(
I also have aphantasia, and I found out through one of your Gartic videos  so thank you i guess.
i love these videos so much! don is always so hilarious XD ((also freeglass saying perkele was so funny lmao and yeah moomins are finnish >:( ))
I didn't even know I had aphantasia or what it was until you talked about it on Game Grumps and I thought that was how everyone had it lol
I've seen a few people saying they can see amazing in their heads but when they draw draw the picture is a disappointment and I'm just like I'm just the disappointment. Can't see in my head and can't draw.
It appears Don's Tryometer dial was broken and stuck on "No Fucks Given" for this session, and I kinda love it.  [EDIT] Also, quick thought. Similar to doing a "Make your own Kirby power" round, how about a round making your own Megaman Robot Masters? That could be fun? Everyone making their own "__ Man/Woman".
do you know aphantasia can be cured? do some research on internet...
I can visualize a character, but when I put pencil to paper, it looks nothing like the real deal, nor how I imagined.
Balls on Ross memory brain cells also pin me ñ
aphantasia artist gang get in :sobs: :,)
I love the ones from Memory, and the one where you choose a promt and everyone has to draw their version of that :D, animations are sick but as a video it takes a very long time for a payoff.
i also have anphantasia but the thing is, i can't create my own character or original art even when i try my best
Driflooooooon
I never knew there were people who can't imagine dramatic fight scenes to the songs they listen to.
U can hit Alexander the Warrior Jar with a sword it just has to be a heavy attack, I mean u could just fist him XD (yes u can hit him out of the with your bare hands).
your green
I have the exact same condition
1:50 wtf xD
1:22 WTF xD
MAKE ZOMBIE! :D
As a zombie I think your drawing are cools
Glad to see that Whisper was added, I love the IDW comics :O
I have the same problem with aphantasia(?) I just can’t make mental images. On the other hand I can imagine a musical piece with ease which I greatly prefer since I much enjoy composing to drawing but the beginning bit was eye opening. Thanks Ross!
You did poor gallade dirty by not being galant, but palkia made up for that big time!!!
How on earth did you and Freeglass draw the same Gallade?
Wait you’re supposed to close your eyes to visualize. I can just imagine it but I have a hard time remember facial features and colors.
algorithmic punch!
Random Q:   Does anyone else have this thing where when reading something, it's always read in the voice of whomever I talking/the author etc? If i don't know their voice, they usually get a preset one, based off of what I'd imagine they sound like.  **Same applies to myself btw, like right now, writing this, as a prime example. I hear my voice as I type basically.
You really should watch Ranking of Kings. It's a very wholesome tale (unless everything is going to go to pot in the last two or three episodes.)
Wait people can see pictures in their head? That’s the normal thing? Huh.
That palkia was beutifull
7:12 did freeglass look at his stream or something because they are basically the same picture lol
Being an artist with aphantasia must be _interesting._ I guess one upside might be, if you can't form an image in your mind, you won't have to deal with the frustration of not being able to realize it the way you hoped. 😅  (tbh, this happens with every piece of art I attempt, but I might just be bad)
thank you, I legitimately forgot to subscribe
i don't have aphantasia and i can't draw characters from memory either lol
While back I found out about aphantasia after googling it after being really discouraged that I'd never be a good Artist of I can't visualise, only to find out about all the artists that have it aswell! And you! It's really gosh dang encouraging to know that other great creators have the same thing as me but still manage to create
you actually nailed palkia
Personally I would have drawn Shinji as a puddle. Because if you know, you know.
Wait, do people see something when they close their eyes?
*Let's take the moment to appreciate how much effort he puts into his content for us* 👍👍👍❣
Nice
15:48 why is it holding a swedish flag .-.
i will infect Ross with Fantasia, visualize stuff.
5:41 the most accurate depiction of Mermaidman  2:49 I don’t get why you’re oof-ing, that’s really good! And all from memory, that’s really impressive!
yoo i can’t see anything either i thought everyone was lying when they said they could visualize things
Another reminder that no, you are not supposed to "see" things with your eyes closed with the same clarity as though they were really there in front of you. I encourage everyone here NOT to be so quick to diagnose yourselves with aphantasia. I don't believe Ross represents it well, and it's unclear if he does really have it or if he's just been fed misinformation.
juny is reading punpun.... is he okay?
The chibi robo disrespect will not be tolerated
Ross is the only cool person, if that. Fucking uncultured nerds in the crew. End it
I remember you talking about Aphantasia in a Game Grumps video
As a Finnish person, i approve the Perkele 😂
I had someone try to explain to me, a person with Aphantasia, that Aphantasia isn't real, and that I could visualize images, and that I was just too *stupid* to understand what they meant by visualize.
DO A REALISTIC ANIMATION ROUND
As someone who also has aphantasia, I think I can confirm we all suck ass at drawing from memory.
Moomin my babyyyy
I'm colorblind and can't tell if the subscribe button is red. Guess I'll just spam it snd hope for the best
You guys were traumatized by resetti? I provoked him to the point that he literally stopped showing up
I doubt they would because it would probably be pretty tough but it would be cool if they did the 5 man fusion dance from that one Dragon Ball 3DS game
I suspect that I might have aphantasia too. I remember one time in school when I was really really young the teacher was talking about how you can close your eyes and imagine things and I tried and saw nothing. I told the teacher that I only saw black and she said “that’s impossible.” I just assumed I was like bad at thinking or something until I heard about aphantasia, don’t know why that teacher felt the need to gaslight me.
It's male gardivore... "puts a black rectangle"   Modern solutions require Modern problems
Love this stuff keep it up
Prince Bojji's a bomb
I ALSO HAVE APHANTASIA AND IT SUCKS SO MUCH  I can't visualize anything, not even your mum ;3; Def can in my dreams tho ;)
I just woke up now and this is the first video i found in my recommended and it was made today
I legitimately only learned about this because you mentioned you have it before in a gartic video, Ross. It was really eye opening to me and explained a lot about why I always struggled with visualizing stuff.
huh no wonder i can't draw from memory even if my life depends on it, we are one in the same
This sent me down a Punpun rabbit hole. What is the opposite of thanking you for that
I'm always super confused about aphantasia and how it works, it never crossed my mind that you could actually see stuff with your eyes closed... Does it mean I have it? When I look at those tests online and it shows apples with different levels of details etc., I always just see the blackness. But that doesn't mean I can't imagine the texture, smell, the colour, the shape of the apple. I just don't see anything. Anyone care to explain?
Idk Ross I watched you draw megamind in Dublin that was pretty accurate
the palkia..😂😂
3:42 It's DingDongVG
10:04 _w h a t_
I love how when ames's drawing of mermaid man was revealed, you can hear like 5 people in the call scream "EEEEEEEEVIIIIIIIIIIL!" In their best mermaid man impressions.
God, does anyone remember the lemon imagery imagination trick?? I tortured myself with that shit for so long as a kid. The most I could ever do was try to make my body feel the sensation of moving up and about the rooms, and I thought everyone was just exaggerating about picturing stuff. (This also applies to every time my English teachers brought up the subject of imagery in class)
15:47 not the swedish flag smh
I also have aphantasia, but it got worse over time. I used to be able to picture things vividly while both awake and asleep, but now I'm limited to dull and blurry dreams.
Literally the only thing I can draw without  memory is crazy anime hair.      And sonic
i have hyperphantasia, and i saw this as a gift at first but later i started to unconsensually imagining horrific pictures, like watching a horror movie will cause me to think about well death so i start imagining my family dead in detail,   night time can easily lead to panic attack if i don't have the telly on.    also uncanny valley things also cause weird shit to happen as well.
I am disappointed by the fact that only ONE of you (who were drawing) knew who Whisper the wolf was.  Thoroughly disappointed beyond measure
I think this might be the reason why Kirby is so recognisable even if the games aren't as popular as some other Nintendo franchises he is simple and yet so memorable.
Azulotus had so many adorable ones, loved them! :)
I have a wild imagination bro I play with random objects
16:11 Every Finnish person liked that
22:44 "Breaking Ba" made me think of a completely shorn sheep with glasses.
...you...you mean people actually...SEE what they imagine in their heads?...
Hi
Wow its quite ironic that quite a lot of artists cant imagine stuff in their mind. I just realized that i also can't quite make myself visualise, for example, an apple in my head, sometimes i can but its barely "visible" to me. Sometimes i can visualize stuff quite vividly but ig i need to consentrate or some shit. But my dreams are always so real looking its crazy, i sometimes mix them up with reality. Anyway love your vids Ross! Keep it up :DDDDD   (Also, yeah im also an artist. This whole thing makes me chuckle, like, its SO ironic)
Wait why was everyone making horse jokes for Palkia? It walks on two legs I don't get it???
whenever snufkin is even referenced my depression disappears for 5 minutes
Oh shit. I have that.
that Ross can draw at all with No inner eye is Stunning!
love the gallade part lmaoooo trash talkin my boy <3
Okay, but that sonic character looks sick as hell
I think Ross overestimates what it means to "see an image in your head." It's not like it's a copy-pasted image with perfect detail that you're literally looking at as you would a photograph. You recreate it for yourself, whether that's in visual or verbal terms. Some people have amazing photographic memory, but that's not what aphantasia is describing a lack of.
Ross, I see you're trying with some more commentary....  GOD IT H I T S, it is super engaging!
I think I also have some level of Aphantasia. I can’t see anything in my mind, but I can “feel” the 3D space of an object or the outlines of 2D images. I can’t imagine colors in my mind either, but I can kind of place where they appear in the space I “feel”.  But yeah I can also dream. Sometimes of the future for some reason, vividly.
TIL if she's not colored in, and doesn't have her M, the green M&M looks surprisingly like Miss Pac-Man.
i have aphantasia too, i cant draw anything from memory and it puts me off so much, being unable to translate what i want to draw into art is super difficult (and also my facial recognition SUCKS, if anyones curious i mix people up completely even if they're different race, i have no "picture" to reference them off of in my head so i have to try and learn all the words to physical traits before i can remember people) i can still dream though, as soon as i try to do it myself though it doesnt work, any voluntary visualisation doesnt work, and i think aphantasia can happen in other senses too? like smell or hearing, which i can still do that but mt visual memory is so poor because of it, sets me back so much and i feel like im limited in everything i do rip lool
Heres an interesting idea: What if you did a gartic video where everyone is assigned a videogame/anime/cartoon/etc. and then you all pick a character, and everyone has to translate those characters into the style of your chosen series.
Is that a motherfuckin Scott The Woz reference???
Watching this at 2.30 am after I'm done with college work, and the one part that absolutely BROKE me for SOME reason was smashtoons' beautifully drawn, absolutely perfect Green M & M. I was cry laughing silently for like 5 minutes.
I got way too excited when you said "I can dream though"! When I try to explain to people what aphantasia is and why I cannot draw from memory or have to have visual cues and props while playing DnD, they always think I'm bullshitting when they ask if I can dream and I reply with yes. 🤦🏼‍♀️
Even with not being able to visualize, Your Palkia is still more accurate than over half the others.
Jaiden will love this video beacouse there is shellos lol
I seen the character from Fortnite           This is a funny joke
Cool
I can imagine an image, but I can’t maintain it or see it in detail
It's a huge inspiration to be able to see a talented artist with aphantasia. I struggle to draw when I have no clear picture of what q character looks like so I've taken to editing images together. This works but it gives my drawings an indie game quality vibe which I'm fine with but I've always aspired to be able to draw a full body without freaking out about what a person looks like.
Wait what’s Gartic mon or whatever they said near the end?
Suggestion: Merge two animals  ...  not like CatDog the animated serie. But more like head and feet of a cat and rest of a dog.
Wait.. you actually see things when you imagine them…? I just imagine the basic shapes and my brain pretends to remember
Bruh I can't imagine things either
Pun-pun? That's the Kobold God-all-stats-and-powers thing from D&D!
rubber ross neon genesis evangelion is one of my favorite animes too
don is a comedic genius
i saw the title and just KNEW that it was aphantasia cuz i also have it
I love Motiny adding the Lover of Shellos Jaiden to their Shellos pic
The song at 6:50 holy shit
Hi Twitch
A warrior jar sounds like it would be the natural enemy of Link.
W for oyasumi punpun
Ba
It's weird that two horrendously disappointing series were in this episode
Oh, no wonder I see darkness whenever I close my eyes and thinking of something
Is Whisper a knock off version of Quiet from metal gear solid V or is Quiet a knock off version of Whisper from Sonic IDW comics? Both are snipers who have names relating to Their volume
TIL aphantasia exists and that i have it
To not be able to have a visual image in your head of a character and still pull off a drawing that is immediately recognizable as that character is super friggin cool, mad props to you!
don is a gift to humanity
I like that Ross can still draw Seth McFarlane faces almost perfectly, implying that it's part of his muscle memory.
WHY CANT YOU?
i really wanna see you draw Broly from dragon ball Z, yk the 8 foot guy that can crush you into a bouncy ball with his palm.
What was I supposed to remember to do
Just subscribed! Just wanted to say that you were soooo funny at scribble showdown in Dublin and your one of my favourite content creators now :D (my mum loved u at scribble showdown)
Early!
i have aphantasia as well and when my teachers would say "visualize it"  would just look at me and say "not you"
I legit can only remember characters that I really like or (like you said) have drawn before so I think I might be on the same page here XD
E
Don makes Ross laugh so consistently. I need more collabs from them.
you saying check the authors description brings me back to new grounds
I'm only now realizing it while watching this video, but the starfish in SpongeBob are sentient beings, like Patrick.  Doesn't the purple starfish on Mermaid Man's nose insinuate that he murdered that starfish, and is wearing it on his nose? Doesn't it's size imply the fact that it was very young when it was killed? Does he wear it on his nose so he can constantly smell it?
Waaaaiiit wait wait wait, I actually understood the Whisper the Wolf one since I literally just finished binging an IDW dub. What the fuck is going on
You should do a Gartic phone with soulsborne bosses each given a ref to draw a boss from one of the games or make your own soul bosses
i also have aphantasia lmao
Why not make them draw things where you pick an idea and you have to draw character around that idea
i swear i have watched this before...
If your 50 miles fron your destination and you're driving 50 mph and every mile you decrease your by1mph, how long will it to drive that 50 miles?
I really love these Gartic videos, they're pretty entertainment!
no shootttt i also have aphantasia
Wait... Plague is here. So stealthy
You should do an animated who’s that Pokémon gartic phone where you draw a random silhouette and it you have to make up a Pokémon to fit the shape.
Bruh, Pokémon is the ONE thing I can remember (I also have aphantasia)
My problem is that I can see things perfectly in my head, and draw it good. But I **cant** use a reference
I still think if anyone doesn't know a character they should be able to look at it for a split second to try and draw from that so there isn't like 20 confused nothings with 1 actual character
Don and Josh had the funniest drawings; I'm dying
I'm on the same boat buddy, aphantasia sucks hard when you have to recreate anything without any reference
It's rather odd how a lot of genuine good artists have aphantasia
every prompt is just a Don masterpiece waiting to happen. His Kirby killed me
Are you telling me, that someone CAN memorize someone FACE?!  that is a phenomenon to me, the more you know about yourself
This is a mode I could play with my friends despite none of us being artists
wisper the wolf is my fav sonic character
Ross be like I can't draw from memory then draws a perfect mr tayto at scribble showdown
Aphantasia sounds like some type of fantasy demon to me idk why
Id love to see you draw with Kilinah!
I wish he had chat working when this was happening it was a rowdy bunch
I can remember them and how to draw but  I forget when I have to and I lose everything I was taught when I'm drawing
you should add the other galade and shelos things to the gartic region
I also have this! And still dream and whatnot. What's really odd is that when I been reading the novel for a manga I can feel? See??? The panels. It does make drawing ocs hard tho so I always need at least some sort of reference. And it's always a little hard to not do my default pose and hair for every illustration.
Collection of comments:  Chat should be ashamed of themselves for cheating.  Ross' drawing for the wolf reminds me of these movies I would rent from Blockbuster as a kid. I can only remember the premise of one: Goldilocks and the Three Bears, but she's doing a reality TV home renovation for them.  Just realized Bojji has Bulbasaur mouth.
Do yugioh summon animation
Ya gotta watch all of the classic Moomin stuff now
Just gotta visualize it Ross!
I have a different problem. I only draw good from memory when it’s in red pen, which you can probably figure out why it’s a bad thing
“Oh its a boy *adds censor bar*”  That had me dying
Those Shinji drawings tho LOL
More!!! More of these videos please!!
Omg 23 minutes ago
Red I feel dread. Hit subscribe and get rid of that red.
yay, as a person with aphantasia, i find it very frustrating to try and explain what it is
It was only once you started talking about Aphantasia that I realized I had the same thing. I can put together in my mind but I can never picture anything in my mind. So thank you for letting me put a name to it
The pony in the jar had me rolling.
And then realize your drawings from memory end up terrible.. even though you don't have aphantasia..
I don't like what I see actually, but I am subscribed anyway!
i have the same issue, but i also have weird specks in my vision (they might be floaters idk) and when i close my eyes i can outline them. i have dreams though which is super weird
NGL, that Shellos you drew looks like an Octo enemy from Splatoono
babe wake up, new RubberRoss upload
It seems that I see people with aphantasia more often than I thought I would. Maybe it's not as rare as I thought...
Artists with aphantasia gang 👊😔
I have the same problem, Ross.
Ross O Donovan.
Okay hell yeah, SNUFKIN the only person (thing?) I'll ever simp over
APHANTASIA GANG ARISE
I got aphantasia too.  But I've learnt that I have way above average recollection and imagination for audio and music.  Try for yourself, I'd bet if you're aphantastic the points not allocated to visual acuity have been used in something else.  Stay awesome
Hey look that's me
I had the same problem :v
Juny!!
I like how he can't even draw his favourite characters from memory
Yo, I did a presentation on aphantasia because I was supposed to do a presentation on something that effects me, it sucks to have.
I have the opposite problem, I can create very detailed images of how I want the character to look in my head but I can't translate that into my art lol.
At least you can draw good. Everyone can draw, it's just if you can do it proficiently 👍
YESSS! a new video from you is always good, Ross! We love you!
I love that you specified that you dream.  That's how you know you actually have aphantasia, because you already know "can you dream" is the first thing EVERYONE asks  Still always cool to see someone else with it!
Been a while since we got a vid so I’m extremely excited to watch this, especially such a fun challenge!
I’m bad as frick at drawing
This is like I would most likely draw like without reference XD
I use reference to yeah haha
I can draw :D
I also have aphantasia
Dmn, if i play gartic phone, all of my friends be weird as fuk
I have the same problem
Hi
Vvvvvvv
Remember subscribe
Bornana
helo :]
I cant even draw 😳
Bruh
lol i cant even draw normally
Hi
Niiiice
Aphantasia is funny like that
Hi
