Run a Benford's Law analysis on >1M records in <10s.   https://youtu.be/hVkD4uU4h88
5:32 The small spike at 37 is interesting because that's a number people often use when they want to appear random, so it shows people were definitely faking their numbers but trying to appear random.
2020 will go down as one of the worst elections in US history. More election laws were broken/abused in the name of Covid it is mind boggling. No ID, not even signature validation in many places. Insane.
tell us why Kamala's vote is lower than Trump's vote and what happened to rest of Kamala's vote? you're clown
Awesome video! 🙂
Please do 2024!!!!
the first problem was calling it a law in the first place it should be something like, Benford's statistical phenomenon or something like that
Props to Matt for holding a blinking contest for a whopping PI MINUTES!!!! Notice that he only blinks for the first time at 3:14! Truly ingenious of him!
If you look at the graph that he showed”at random” Trump’s graphs actually match Benford‘s curve
YouTube REALLY needs a feature that filters out comments from those who haven't watched the full video yet, and this video's comment section among many proves this.
Odd to see this gaining traction 4 years later... I wonder why...
Because it is not a law. It is just some worthless statistics you maths guys have invented.
I wonder what his analysis of data is now 2025? With new information out
Notably, the video fails to explain why Trump's data seems to at least follow Benford's law. Wouldn't it be logical to assume that if Biden's data does not follow Benford's law, that Trump's data should not follow that law either?
I forgot that i used to support trump and was confused for a second as to why i had this video disliked
I like being apolitical cause he got me twice
Is it really that difficult to admit that some shenanigans were going on during that election cycle under the disguise of covid?  Can't stop a coper from coping i guess.
This is exactly why Trump "loves the uneducated" LOL
This 17-minute video can be summed up in five words: Not enough orders of magnitude.
Trump Tower?  Looks more like Orthanc to me.
Weird how there's actually way more critical assessments about Benford's Law and how it actually DOES apply to Biden's victory over on Rumble. I'm a math's nerd who looks at things from any angle I can. And it seems to be Youtube obviously only allows math videos that refute that Bemford"s Law applies the Biden victory anomaly. But it actually does. Check every source people. This guy is incorrect.
And here we are in 2025 ... well me at least 😅
Why doesn't trump's 2025 campaign follow any of the statistical models at all
YEAP.  I TRY TO RETEST.
82, IS SHOOWOING, NOT RANDOME NESS BUT HUMAN FONDNESS.   WHICH IS DATA
You used the greater Chicago area as your data set.  I can see problems with limited yourself to that.  There are just about 3000 counties in all of America, and some vote totals of some of those counties were three digits, and some were into the millions.  Since we see a good difference in magnitude there, what does the county vote totals look like when plotted?
So my question is whats the math on the swing states stats fir 2024. . Especially regarding the bullet vote count ect i cant accept the fact that this many Americans are that stupid.  So ya whats the math in 2024
For the love of God, Matt! Why were you referring to Mark Negrini as "they???" This made the video harder to follow. Mark is a male name, in case for some strange reason you'd forgotten.
This is the "One More Video" you guilted me into from the Trump Tariff Video. I did my part.
Chicago wasn't even a contested area.. At all
Corruption..
2:33 This is the worst explanation ever. When numbers go past 9, they start over at 1 again, and now it takes 10 times longer to reach the next 9.
I’m actually an expert and I watched about one minute of this video. You’re wrong.
If your reasoning is accurate, it should apply to other elections as well.
To this very day, there are people dying on this hill, proving once more that conservatives (lets be honest, all liberals) dont know what numbers are.  At least the democrats suggest plausible conspiracies like the idea Trump is a Russian agent. Nothing against Russians love the guys, but cmon you cant be this stupid to give your global enemies a free win.
We need to subtract mail in ballot to make it follow the law ?
Don't count votes after midnight. Don't count irregular or illegal votes. THEN do the math....
Since this thesis is predicated on the idea that the chicago area overwhelmingly voted for Biden, which seems likely, then that would make sense. So I looked at the vote frequency for Obama in this area in 2008.  I discovered a very normal and expected benford curve.
congrats on the Waterstone list
Why did Trump state a match benford's law for the same counties?
When you have a fabricated dataset , it tends to not follow conventional analysis models.
Just noticed the japanese release of Transformers Trailbreaker in your background.
Looking back on this now, this video is very funny.
love the basic content and presentation  despise the audio/visual transitions
If you actually paid attention in 2020, you would had saw the Mathematicians at the emergency meetings with legislative. 😂
Using potentially tampered data to substantiate that the data hasn't been tampered with is intellectually dishonest.
Go back to doing faked Minecraft speedrun analysis videos, you communist hack. You have no business talking about American elections.
Chicago is notorious for cheating. Don't use data from Detroit either. The digits may or may not be random, but the numbers are anything but.
I disagree.
We are here because our judicial is compromised
The deep state defrauded election. period. And if you think biden got 81 million votes you must stay away from sharp objects. There are 2 possible solutions , you are lying or you are stupid. You are not stupid for sure , so you are lying. And i can explain why you are lying if you wish.
Great lesson in data analysis
20 million voters suddenly disappeared 😡
Very interesting. I had never heard of that "law".
@fbi
I just want to know where all the people who supposedly voted for Biden in 2020 go, kinda hard to believe that many millions of people just stayed home, it being Hitler and all
No argument with the math theory as far as it goes. Big problem with sample areas shopping. National data forensic analysis does show large irregularities.
Glad to see the newest comments and how they echo what I posted here, back 4 years ago. Eyes are finally opening... If Stand-Up Maths were truly fair and honest with themselves, they would take this video down OR issue a correction and maybe talk a bit about Occam's razor. (Don't get me wrong... I LOVE this channel, but they completely danced around the issue here. This should have been handled like the video they did on the "Most unlikely speedrun"... because that's exactly what it was)
Many people voted early, then died before Election Day, and their votes were counted.   This is in violation of the constitution.
As someone who would ordinarily support Trump but is not a US citizen (nor immigrant), I do not understand why people think using Benford's law was supposed to work.
The cope is real.  A better title would be, why don't machine algorithms and Xerox copy machines NOT follow Benford's Law?  This election broke EVERY statistical probability that has ever been measured.  Amazing how ALL the statistical probabilities just happened to collapse at the same time on this one election.  Now I wonder what the statistical probability of THAT is.
The "Common Sense Law" states that the 2020 Election was STOLEN. NO DOUBT! 100% STOLEN. THE "STATE MEDIA" ARE STOLEN ELECTION DENIERS!!!
now that was interesting!
If you learned any thing DEMOCRATS HAVE BAD  BAD CROOK CRIMINALS.
The mathematics assumes that all voters were actually alive... 😮
I watched this a while ago, but have you done say Elections since 1980 and including the 2024?
I don't care about Benford...tell me how Biden got 170,000 votes in a three minute window in GA two days after the election as they were counting absentees?
Hey Matt,  here's a challenge for you. Find out what happened to the 10+ million excess Biden voters which disappeared in 2024. Where did they go????  Alien abduction? Bermuda triangle? The Rapture?  I really can't figure it out.
2025, so it looks like data wins.
This is stupid.  Obviously
What I wished this channel did was compare the distributions for last 5-6 elections in the same areas. Without that comparison, the conclusion cannot be made.
Has \pi been found to be normal?
All the follow the science people not believing in statistics.
We don’t need Bentord’s law to know that the election was stolen in 2020. Anybody believing otherwise I have a bridge to sell you.
Given the 15 million votes that appeared only in 2020 and not before or after kind of proves Benford's Law was probably correct here. Biden's 2020 "Win" was anomalous, at best.
Maybe you can explain why Kamala got 6 million fewer votes than Biden.  People didn't vote for Biden because he was likeable and charismatic.
You're completely glossing over  the fact that the first 2 charts don't match.
Well DUH !! Because they were FAKE VOTES !! Doesn't take a rocket scientist !?!??!
Yes, if one wants to look for schmelecshun braud one might look at precincts in Milwaukee County, etc. in which many reported 113% voter turnout, or even higher. To squeal a schmeleckshun it was only necessary to fudge the results in Milwaukee WI, Wayne MI, Philadelphia, PA, Fulton GA, and Maricopa, AZ, five counties nationwide. Respectfully, a certain party need not squeal the Chicago vote, only the schwing schtate vote. 😂
Nor do Commercial mortgages backed securities rent roll
screw all this,,,,the crook,   fact is,  he did not offer a recount to a valid sitting president....
Maths, please do an update video of how 15 million votes can go missing from the battleground states
20 million 'missing' votes for Harris????
2024 was not a clean election.
It really depends on how you measure the data.  Just the way i see it!
How is any equation supposed to work? If none of the votes or information they provide is accurate in the first place.
I find it strange Mr Trump's numbers didn't go up much given greater numbers across different groups voted for him, increased members amongst  black voters , Latinos and people who previously voted Democrat as evidenced by many comments across many sites and podcasts. Seems very strange to me.
I watched this again just to be sure. Yep the guy is a shill, just like NDT. Ideologically captured.
So Trump 2024 win is suspicious
If you can't blind people with science just baffle them with bullshit.
We all know why.
I love how there’s one or 2 guys replying to every comment trying to justify it just to make themselves feel better and that they didn’t waste years of their life fighting for something that didn’t exist and isn’t true   You guys lost the people won it was too big to rig this time get fuxked
2020... 84 million for Biden. Lucy, esplain.
The reason the law works for election is because it is based on the numbers and not on the votes moron. The point is that you would see a the distribution of the zeros in a fairly stable pattern. If you do not it means that the numbers have been doctored you complete dunce.
You gave a plausible explanation of why Biden's numbers might not follow Benford's Law.  But left unanswered why Trump's numbers followed Benford's Law when Biden's numbers did not?  Did you explore that, and if so, what did you find?
Time has certainly giving us a better feel for what happened in 2020. 😎😁
Or, in short, that this sort of analysis can reveal *interesting* patterns in the data - but that the pattern revealed can make very good sense given the nature of the data collected, and it shouldn't be immediately assumed that the data was falsified.
Statistics lie... and liers use statistics.  I find math fascinating.  Thanks for all you do.
What about checking the 2024 results?
Yet still strange where this votes in this cycal
Way to long to say he can't show anything.
Biden stole at least 15 million votes.
I feel so unburdened by what might have been.
Oh...yeah...15 million more voters for Biden than Obama!!
What exactly is it this numbskull is trying to say . Nobody gives a damn about Benford's law . What we want to know is why 2020 had such a huge amount of voters as compared to every other election in our history and this does nothing to address or explain that at all . There appears to be like 20 million more people voting in that year alone . So where did they go and why did they only vote one time than disappear into thin air . Because there is no way that many people popped up and voted that one time and decided voting was just not their thing . Funny thing is we can account for Trumps voters , its the Biden voters that seem to have vanished . They vanished because they never existed in the first place . The computer generated them because it was programed to insure Biden won annd that is an already proven fact . This clown is just trying to cast doubt on that fact by presenting mumbo jumbo like this LOL
Well, that data analysis aged like fine modal average distributed grape fermentation.
Better question: Why was Joe Biden the ONLY candidate who had sudden vertical spikes in his vote tallies?  Instead of pointing to therapy candidates, including Trump, who had a vertical spikes at the same time they just asserted that these were votes counted overnight and reported in the morning. But that means for roughly 8 hours neither Trump nor any other candidate received a vote.
I like problematic things; I, myself, am problematic. 😎
Now explain the 18 million missing voters
Was it any other way ? Nobody having math before 1970 knew 2024 was a squirrelly result.
The data anomaly that has come to light now, after the 2024 elections, is that the total vote spiked in 2020 and then in 2024 returned to the 2016 levels. There were other anomalies as well. A set of counties that from 1988 to 2024 voted for the ultimate winner with 90% certainty almost all went to Trump in 2020. An explanation for these observations is in order.
Do the math on where the extra 18M votes came from.
Where did the missing 12 million votes go?  Look at the totals in every Presidential election this & the last century. Never do 12 millions extra votes pop out of nowhere the drops right back down, during the next election.
Thank you for the video, learned something new in fun way
Compared to 2024 results , the answer is  now clear:   ILLEGAL MAIL IN VOTES OF >10 MILLION INJECTED BY DEM-LEANING ELECTION OFFICIALS.
Biden stole the 2020 election.  Period.
precincts are not related to area or number of residents,  they are for a vote on issues that only affect that area.
One of the biggest travisties on free speechvis when Wikipedia was hijacked by the cabal during the internet purge of the 2000s..
Do you still stand by this video? Where did those 20m extra voters go?
FYI, in the 2024 presidential election, the numbers largely followed Benford’s distribution.
Is there any dependable indicator of cheating?
Might be interesting to look at Chicago’s 1960 presidential results. That one is widely purported to have had some shenanigans going on.
So wich law do you dismiss today ?
Biden's Law is when 15 million votes appear then disappear.   Abracadabra! 🎩🐇
The first thing , the DNC couldn't corrupt the ELECTION as easy as 2020.
When you want to discuss a mathematical law and apply it to politics and then you pick arguably the most politically corrupt city in the entire USA as the case study.  😂
why did biden lose 11 of 12 bellweather states but still win in 2020?
Nice try lib!
This aged well.  15,000,000 votes gone in 2024.
2024 here . Where did 20,000,000 of them go?
QUOTE: "Don't take anyone's word for it. Always verify what people are saying. They probably have an agenda they are trying to push."  Yep.  I knew this decades ago as news shifted from reporting news to giving opinion. Don't trust ANYTHING that you can't independently verify...and don't let personal preference/bias cloud you from seeing the whole picture.
what about outside the Chicago area
Now would be a great time to analyze the 2024 election.
16:00 come to think about it. Biden's vote totals would be really high in a lot of places. While the Trump heavy areas are so rural, he got a lot of small digit numbers compared to Biden.  It does make a lot of sense.
Almost like it was engineered.
Great analysis, can you now do an analysis of one of the controversial election counties.
Where did the 15,000,000 votes in 2024 go?
So what you are saying, if I am understanding this correctly, is that almost all of Trump's votes in Chicago in 2020 came from just a handful of precincts?  In some precincts the vote totals were zero or close to zero?  I know that Chicago votes predominately Democrat, and that there are relatively few even pink districts there, but doesn't that seem a bit odd?
Chicago is not a good place to use as an example of election integrity.
Oops... where's the corresponding Trump distribution by comparison? Strange to show a match for Biden but not for Trump
Or it could be that the magical 18 million voters only came out to help Biden in 2020. Sorry Kamela.
Maybe he can show us the math behind those 20 million extra voters that showed up in 2020 and that vanished again by 2024.
Well... well.... well.... do you care to review your "explanation"? Now in an election where you don't have cover of a lockdown..... things turned out differently.
Based on your analysis. Trump votes should not have followed the Benson Law as well
Hmm, it’s now four years later and 15M Biden voters seem to have vanished. I think we all know what happened.
"The Pretense of Knowledge" by F-A-Hayek would explain this.
When it comes to data. Garbage in, garbage out.  Compared with the election results of 2024. I'd say this video didn't age well.
Yup.
Anyone else here 4 years later to see how poorly this aged now that we know the truth?  stolen election and all...
Well 4 years later and now we knew why Biden's numbers looked off.  13 million votes that didn't exist before the 2020 election, and they didn't exist after the 2020 election, it is most reasonable that they also didn't exist DURING the 2020 election.  Glad the majority of the people in the US didn't believe you, because you were wrong, and wrong in such a way you had to ignore the evidence in order to support a lie.  You sold your credibility for 40 pieces of silver.
Good examples of how anomalies can be a flag and just the final test. I don't recall claims that Chicago was one of the suspicious areas. I remember Michigan and Wisconsin were the ones with 3AM anomalies. It would be interesting to how those numbers fell.
How is that denial going for you now?
now that I found your video from 4 years ago, what do you think of  cheating now? Where are the 11M votes from 2020 that are missing in 2024?
Who else is here after the 2024 election?
You Parker-Squared the crap outta this one. Total math/logic failure from you part. Saw it 4 years ago, and hated everything about it, now I'm here to tell you how wrong you were back then.
So what does it look like in 2024?
Except here we are four years later and without all the mail and voting and Covid BS the opportunity for election rigging is now back down to normal levels. And all the votes that put Biden over the top last time have just disappeared? 15,000,000 people apparently didn’t vote this time or maybe 15 million imaginary people voted last time? Everybody knows the 2020 election was sketchy. And the 2024 election proved how sketchy it was. Because all of the weird stuff went back to normal and now all the vote totals match with they should historically.
Why would people vote MORE in a year of so called deadly virus strains floating around and people dying left and right but some how the population robustly voted. Give it a break
Whaaaaat?  I’m soooo confused.   Could you start over?   I. Don’t. Get. It.
You're right. What was I thinking?   Of course a dementia written old man who can barely remember his name got 81 million votes without even campaigning from his basement.   How many different angles are you idiots going to throw at us to try to sell us this bill of absolute nonsense?   Just shut up. No one's buying it. Go away
🤦🏼
So, 4 years later with 7 million Democratic voters suddenly disappearing again, what’s your opinion now? Biden had 10 Million votes more than any candidate before him, even more than prime Obama. Time to revisit the video?
Who would you vote for?
Because of cheating
Lol
I’d update this video comparing the last few elections
HELLO PEOPLE
Now that we have the 2024 numbers, we see that 25 million votes disappeared, after the states cracked down on their election integrity.   This might be the first time in history, where votes have gone down after 4 years.   This might mean, where did 40 million votes come from in 2020?  40 million is closer to where the graphs believe the 2020 voters should be.
Well your credibility is gone.
Matt, your analysis is sound. But you need to do a follow up video on why there’s so many missing in 2024 from 2020. Otherwise you come off as a partisan hack. I like your new trigonometry book, but damn dude you look weak now. Sorry man, just real talk.
I would love for you to comment on or do an analysis of the 18M ish extra votes from 2020 that dont seem to be consistent with voting trends in America... especially given the recent election results.
Funny how other countries see it but yet we (as intelligent people) did not... Hmmmm
And OH WIKIPEDIA... needs to be canceled
Most morons wont watch the full video because it goes against their narrative
I just subscribed... I love SMART PEOPLE
Literally a mathematical anomaly
Can't wait to see the maths behind 15 million missing voters in 2024
I’m not arguing that Biden won, but i do find it strange that millions of people just decided not to vote this year. And millions more decided to vote in 2020 than the normal trend.
Now do a follow up video, Matt, and figure out where all the 15 million+ votes went that were there in 2020, but not in 2024.
Here again, from 2024  @Stand-up Maths,  please do an update video of how 15 million votes can go missing from the battleground states
Obama 12 61m votes  Clinton 16 62m votes  Biden 20 82m votes  Harris 24 66m votes
Now do Pennsylvania, and the last 3 elections
Hm veryy interesting and great explanation. I d also say comparison with surveys and previous years would be relevant.
Why does it smell like Fibonacci
ï
2 weeks before we get a second one of these
Interesting idea I had after you mentioned Benford’s Law makes claims regarding the second digit and the first pair of digits as well: can it be generalized that the concept behind Benford’s Law makes claims about the first N digits in base B so long as the range of data spans N orders of magnitude in that base? Or something similar, eg. N+1 orders of magnitude must be spanned or some other function of N?
Its been a few years guys so is the information still correct or corrupt
Where is zero? Numbers can contain zero. Not including zero skews the rest of the data by an unknown value, invalidating it.
The IRS uses Benford's Law as a tool to red flag and audit you.
These comments are way to smart for me to understand
Take my like. I don’t understand though. Nothing stuck on my brain. You said words in a smart accent. And showed me cool graphs that measured.
So in the vast majority of places where trump voters live, there is less than 100 votes?
How many items at the dollar store start with a 3 after tax given inflation brings the price of 92% of items up to $2.99?
Are You Ready Again!!!🫡🇺🇸✊✊✊2024
It's 2024, one week before election day. I'm anxiously waiting for the mental gymnastics that will explain why Kamala wins next week with things like 180% of the vote in some districts. #StopTheSteal
Now is the time for all Americans to stand together against the dictator. before its too late.
Nobody cares about Benford's law. Explain the late night dumps of votes which had 23x the ampunt of Biden vs Trump votes and the identical ratios of vote dumps around these spikes in swing states. You cant.
if trump was going to do that, why would he waste time on a place like Chicago. doesnt seem worth the time. I appreciate the numbers and analysis on them, But logically doesnt make sense to waste time there.
So Trump had votes thrown away? Lol
Couldn't use the last digit instead of the last 2?
Democrats are guilty of what they accuse us of.   Democrats are Fascist
Election law suggests that Trump lost  Because he’s a loser
We do have different orders of magnitude with Trump and Biden. Biden gets dozens of viewers at his rallies and Trump gets tens of thousands. That means said law applies.
The data must span several orders of MAGAtude
So Benford's not valid in elections in districts whose magnitude varies between 100 and 1000 10:00. So clearly selecting precincts as the data set was wrong.  A larger data set should have been examined, say counties in Illinois.  There are 102 counties in Illinois varying from populations of 3,900 to 5,200,000. Votes cast would be about half these numbers, so this should be a valid data set to apply Benford's Law.
This makes sense because rural districts have less people in them so you have less large voting groups just more groups. So Trumps would be more front loaded in the data.
yeah everyone knows he was installed. but nice math
This is what a paid communist monkey of the elites looks like.
Still people thinking demoocrates won fair in 2020?
Remember  People in the comments can vote
Here comes some....Revenge of the Nerds. That music got my leg pumping and ready to nerd out.
Fascinating stuff Matt, so well presented.    You have inspired me to haul out a Python interpreter and Matplotlib to do such digit frequency analyses for all sorts of data and plot them!   It will be interesting to make advance predictions as to whether I expect a given dataset to adhere to Benford's Law.      Thank you, I'm going to have fun with this idea!
If i were trying to cheet i would doing it by changing the presents of each voted that way it like more people randomly wanted to voted him
Robel Ports
What's elect ion data?
Joanne Rapid
Your examples of measuring "things below 2 metres" and days in a month seem totally wrong and has nothing to do with Benford's law. These examples are BOUNDED to a maximum starting with 2 or 3, which makes it trivial that a large fraction will start with 1. Benford's law is about UNBOUNDED real values.
After seeing this video, I renewed my subscription to Practical Tarot Card Reading.
That looks to me more like a lognormal distribution than a normal.
Kessler Island
Like you did.  Why not just look at the actual distribution?  Maybe you can learn a lot, just by doing that? More people doing statistics and not understanding the assumptions they're making. Maybe I being pedantic, but that's not a normal distribution.  It's definitely skewed.
Voting districts are often divided out with similar-ish populations, to the same kind of level of magnitude, thus the data doesn't occur over multiple orders of magnitude, largely constrained between upper and lower limits of the same order. Thus, I don't think Benford's Law can apply, as it requires possibilities of "breaking" into the next order of magnitude, which would by definition, initially always begin with a 1.
Huh.  I got a copy of Humble Pi here in the US but it has the red cover with the plane.  Maybe I ordered from an overseas seller?
One side manipulated the data and this affected the data on the other side. Just saying.😂
I think this guy is pro Biden and is hand waving.😊
13:10 why is the frequency of 50 so low?
What about in PA, GA, AZ????  Your analysis of Chicago which may or may not be an anomaly to benfords law doesn’t account for other areas of the country. Also, how did a guy who campaigned in his basement, a guy who never before even won a presidential primary get more votes than any president in history?  How does that line up with statistics?
So the reason Bidens votes don’t follow benfords law is because the voting precincts are too small, BUT also the reason trumps votes do follow benfords law is because he had less votes in a predominately liberal precinct.   Nothing to see here. Also the fact your video comes up early on a YouTube search doesn’t bode well for your credibility. So your evaluation of the Chicago election results is that it is pure as the driven snow with no anomalies and the absence of it following benfords law is proof of that.
Lol, it's right in front of him and he's missing it.
I wonder if there's a good mathematical analysis out there for how Biden drew more of the Black vote than Obama did.
At time 6:31 we see the bar graphs for Biden and Trump’s election results in Chicago. The data was taken from each of the 2,069 precincts. It’s argued that Biden’s non-Benford-like graph arises from the fact 98.7% of all precinct results were three-digit numbers “smack bang in the middle of the range of three-digit numbers,” and “of course” we wont get a Benford-like distribution from such data. This is not a persuasive argument because it ignores the elephant in the room: Why does Trump’s data yield a remarkably Benford-like graph when they were culled from the same 2,069 precincts?
i admire his jawline
"between zero and one meter" is a somewhat unfortunate choice, because it does span many orders of magnitude.
i want to thank all the experts in the comments below for telling their definitely real facts with good evidence
True statement: Just because Biden votes do not follow Benford's law, does not mean he won fraudulently Also true: He did win fraudulently though
Common sence would prevail, how the hell did a person that didnt campaign at all win against a per that did alot of campaigning?  And how did they get 150 million plus votes all together when there was only 133 registered viters??????
Democrats count on people who can't count.
3.5 years on and America has never been more hilarious
Tip: Just dont sort the comments by new. Youre welcome.
I just got a Trump ad during this video lmao
I’m astonished that you would use a BLUE area to prove your point. The only way to do this fairly is to use a purple area.
lmao even the data built trumps tower
This is one of my favorite of your videos
I have made some replies below regarding my views on the topic! If you want to share some points, please read what I have written below and respond with your own points on the topic. Specifically, it is regarding the political part.
Because Biden's votes were fabricated. Why do you have to explain away reality with obscure fiction?
I don't understand his examples around time 2:30.  By definition numbers between 1 and 200 will be a bit over 50% because everything from 100 to 199 start with a 1.  Likewise, the day in the month has 1 and every number from 10 to 19.  He is cherry picking the data sets.    WTF is he talking about???
That little bit of chest hair sticking out 😳
Makes me wonder how Benfords law (or at least your nice graphs) would show election results in a Gerrymandered state Like Texas or Louisiana
M@rxist election fraudsters say what...
I'm gonna need this video close at hand this year
This was an inappropriate use of a statistical tool and drawing inappropriate conclusions.
first digit of what? from left to right? So ie, 100, the first digit would be 1? Is that what we are talking about?
Could you recover a Benford-like distribution from Biden's voting data if you looked at the data not in base 10,  but in a smaller base, like base 4 or 5? Even the set of 3-digit base 10 numbers covers 2--4 "orders of magnitude" in smaller bases.
this was such a clever way to ride the drama bandwagon without getting political
A STRING OF DISJOINT WORDS AND EMOJIS
I always thought it weird the obsession with Benford's Law as a way to show the election steal, when there were so many other much more apparent examples.
Interesting video. Benford curves are a really odd thing that people cite at times with very little understanding of it. It only works in VERY unique circumstances with VERY specific sets of data.
Don't forget about the drop a many votes as you want drop boxes !
Even mathematicians are shilling for the thoroughbreds now. How Orwellian.
Because the 2020 election was unlike any other election in US History with a lot of non traditional voting that ended up for biden. It was all legal (because the laws were changed during the covid pandemic)
The example with the dates ( 2:32 ) is a really bad example, because these are uniformly distributed.  There are almost the same amount of dates starting with a 1 or a 2.
Note to self… look to π when doing my taxes.
Good information. I am from Chicago and my ward was basically 90% Biden for that election. Trump averaged 15.8% of the vote in the whole city, Biden got 82.5% and other randos got the last small bit.
This video aged like milk. Biden’s ratings are in the gutter and you’re still in this fantasy where Biden is legit.
The moment someone mentioned Benford's Law, the entire magat movement suddenly became experts and phd's in mathematics and statistics.
Why not just look at the last digit of trumps numbers?
My first instinct was that in Chicago, where you'd expect most precincts to be very pro-Biden, you'd expect the first-digits to be higher than 1... If you get 65% of the votes in a city relatively uniformly, any precinct with 500-1500 voters, would be unlikely to yield either 1 vote, 10-19 votes, or 100-199 votes, because the expectations starts above the 200-mark and ends before the 1000-mark. Also it's ridiculous how low the vote count of Trump voters in Chicago are... If you had proportional representation, I'm sure Trump could find more than 60 person in each precinct who'd vote for him, but they obviously don't see the point in showing up in the state. It's a major dysfunction in American politics. We don't even know who would win with a national popular vote because SO many people don't have a reason to vote anyway.
8:52 "It's basically a normal distribution"  Except no negative vote totals are possible and that shape looks like either gamma distribution or beta-family.
shocker, something makes trump look worse lol
I would assume it's a timing thing. maybe im wrong
winner of the most useless video.
5:30 as an accountant, I'd say this distribution is very much expected. A lot of small business owners don't invest in traditional dividend yielding investments and pay themselves dividends on top of their salary. This is very often done in multiples of 5 or 10k, and common enough that I'd expect it to skew the results without even needing to be estimated/rounded.
What's Benford again?  And who gives a f***?  lol
A vote for Republicans is a vote for a dictatorship...
So ...... if we take the last 2 digits of all likes and views on a youtube channel for each video, we could expect a random distribution, if not, does that mean they are possibly using bots ? Or does the number of subscribers + the internal algorithm of youtube mess that up ? Could be fun to have these 2 graphs from your channel's data just for fun xD
Biden got more votes than Obama --- that is a violation of the Bullshit Law.
Can you get rid of the "make your manhood bigger" ads? Sheesh!
11:50 - So he might have gotten away with it If he had just bought a pair of 10-sided dice?  In some roleplaying games, you either use two d10 of different colors and choose one to be the tens place and the other to be the ones (and if you roll zero on both, you count it as 100), or you get one standard d10 and another that counts by 10s (in which case, 10 and 0 are read as 100).  It generates a truly random pair of digits, although in the case of cents, you'd go from 00 to 99.  The restaurant owner probably had some idea that '40' sounded more plausible than the extremes or the center.  On Amazon Marketplace reviews, the average of a set of fake reviews is typically 4.6.  That sounds 'close enough' for many potential customers, and doesn't sound suspicious like a 5.0 might.  When you read some of the reviews, you can generally tell if the text was written by a bot or a real purchaser.  Some of the text of fake reviews will either be so vague it could apply to anything, or specific but for an entirely unrelated product.
so crazy that the USA got coup'd in 2020 and really the world has been in disarray ever since, you get one half real person in charge and the people in control go crazy.
truly disgraceful to make such an intellectually dishonest video. especially for a "mathematician"
TL;DR benfords law was used to prove bunk elections over and over again all around the world, but the current "replication crisis" paradigm gets more grant money on the condition that THIS election goes a certain way, so just lie about precinct sizes and hope no one notices
You mean anti-science lunatics misused statistical analysis? No way!
I applaud you for making a video about politics... about maths.
tl;dr:  Violations of Benford's law are an interesting starting point for audits, not a proof of malfeasance or errors.
Benford's Law is not a good tool to reveal frauds in elections when Biden is the winner.
Beep boop. Generic bot comment pretending the statistical anomaly has been "debunked"
But why did they choose Chicago which is heavy Democrat. They should use a state like.. Wisconsin?
This whole video is implying that this should be a regular occurrence in election votes and should happen in different places. However, this is obviously not the case and somehow only became a statistical anomaly in Chicago. A city that all but decides which way Illinois goes in an election.   Also, the shots at the Republican party let me know that this isn’t pure mathematics but instead being influenced by one’s political affiliation.
When doing mathematics, science, or anything really... the second that you introduce politics, you made it all pointless.
The 2020 was the most secure election in US history. As evident by this 20 minute video justifying how one of the least popular canidates created mathmatical anomolies😂
Numbers suck. Theres like too many of them.
All numbers start with an infinite string of zeroes on the left. {:-)
So..... still think the election wasent stolen.
Because the Liberals have lost their minds and have started basing their whole game on feelings rather than logic. I used to be a Liberal. Until the concept was hijacked by delusional people. Just as with for example feminism or climate protestors.
Let's not assume there's anything remotely legitimate about the 2020 election. My advice is to stay as far away from this topic as possible.
Every Presidential election we've had here in the U.S. since 2000 has just broken my heart.  Prior to that, there was just no arguing over who won the election.  One or the other candidate  beat his opponent.  There was nothing to argue about - there was just a clear winner.     Then we got the whole hanging chad thing in Florida in 2000, and the bad times began.  These days I  the vote to be very close and that no one will really feel good about it after the fact.  I'd almost rather "my guy" lose if it means we get a clear and decisive election that can't be argued with.     I'm sure, though, that the news media absolutely  it.  😞
I feel like (this is just guessing) the people who watch you and numberphile and Arthur Ash and PBS space time and Fermilab and every youtube channel that provides reason for the internet existing would never just watch the opening segment.  If you have something to say and take the time to say it, we would gladly be rid of our anchoring bias and listen fully and entirely.  I just needed to put that out there.
To think that someone had heard of Benford's law, applied it where it was guaranteed to give you the wrong results, _and_ applied it only to a noncompetitive area... Jesus. So many people are just waiting for the excuse to make up self-serving stories they know are bullshit and dangerously misleading. Critical thinking is SO important.
Maybe Benford's law is just another made up load of crap?
I clicked on a house md clip video but I misclicekd to this instead
11:57 I find it highly coincidental you randomly pulled your book off the book shelf here
Great video
Okay but why didnt you go over why trumps data looked the way that it did for the first graph? You double checked biden but didn’t explain trumps?
What's the bets Matt's tax returns are full of 3.14's ?
With random data sets, isn’t it a postulate of benfords law that the bigger the set the closer to benfords law it is? That would suggest this video is flat out wrong in its conclusion
I understand the shift in Biden's curve but then why was Trumps curve on point? (Because he didnt reach the triple number votes in any of the districts? )
Interesting stuff!
Great video
“Benford’s law isn’t the only tool, there’s another one”  Ah yes, Fenbord’s Law
Oh you know…
Isn't it suspicious that SO MANY people just stopped voting for trump ? I mean, I leave in Greece, and we've been voting on politicians that are actively destroying the country for the last 40 freakin years.... voting for trump a second time should've  turned out differently.  People don't just change their mind like that
Who paid you?
Omg... I know this is an old vid and this comment will never been seen, BUT.... knowing Benford's law, the title piqued my interest. 🤔 Decided to watch and a Biden 2024 campaign ad preluded Matt's video. If I was a conspiracy theorist I'd have gone nuts!! 😂
I don’t understand. What if you were to measure height in inches? Most of the data would start with a 6 or 7
Benford's Law states that in many sets of numerical data, the leading digits are not evenly distributed but tend to follow a specific logarithmic pattern. In natural data sets, the number 1 tends to appear as the first digit about 30.1% of the time, and the frequency of other digits decreases as you move up from 1 to 9.  However, it's essential to understand that *Benford's Law is not a strict rule that must apply to every dataset. It is merely an observation that tends to hold true for various types of data, especially when the data spans multiple orders of magnitude.*  If someone claims that Joe Biden's votes  do not follow Benford's Law, there could be several reasons for this, such as the data not being naturally distributed or being subject to manipulation or error. Any claims about deviations from Benford's Law would require *rigorous statistical analysis to determine the validity and implications of such deviations.*
The mainstream media continues to discard any talk about the election’s glaring voting irregularities as evidence, but the charade is hard to keep up when the statistical anomalies are so in-your-face.  Take the number of counties won by each candidate, for example. Democrats and the media want us to believe Joe Biden, who could barely bring a dozen people to a rally and rarely left his basement, managed to outperform his old boss Barack Obama, who is nearly a messianic figure among liberals.  And they want us to believe Biden outdid Obama despite the fact that of all the counties voting for president in America in this election, Biden won only 477 to Obama’s 689.  That’s right. Joe Biden 212 fewer counties than Obama did in 2012, yet somehow (allegedly) got 13 million more votes than Obama did.  How does this add up?
“Facts are stubborn things, but statistics are pliable.” Mark Twain
So, in the US you can't show an airplane in the cover of a book?
All things considered, its in the candidates best interest to insure that the election is fair as winning unfairly can lead to very messy results in the long run as the lawyers step in.   But of course, being so close to winning but fearing loss turns out the inner criminal in all of them.
BTW, I was drawn here to add this comment by the California dispute about election returns in 2020. Hard to communicate with others at times here, in Ethelsville, AL USA. (8:10) am
Dude looking back just seeing what has been happening in this country due to these lies including the insurrection is absolutely scary and makes me worry about the state of democracy here, I feel like statistics should honestly be a mandatory class in high school so everyone can learn it so stuff like this is less likely to be believed by the population
Benford's law when binary 😏😳😎💸💹
So that huge Trump spike at the beginning of the graph at 15:08 while Biden’s later is because Trump got so few votes in Chicago compared to Biden? That’s interesting. This is actually a new and interesting way to look at data (especially election data) I never thought of. Thank you so much for this video.
I've long observed that there is something very number-base-centric about it. After all, if we switch to a binary system 100% of the first non-zero numbers have 1 as the first digit.
You are asking the completely wrong question!  You should evaluate the "Registered Voters" in each county.  Benford's law does apply.  Do it on COUNTY Registered Voters.
Could benford's law predict Green Party performance in UK local elections?
Because they stole the election.
There's still conspiracy bullshit being posted in the comments 2.5 years since the video came out. Can the Trump supporters just take the L already lmao
The reason the last digits in Trump's votes were uneven was because Biden messed with Trump's votes. 🤯
Damn math rat  Bro just wanted his coffee
i love your vids but sorry i don’t know enough about election days to watch, i am commenting to boost engagement
There seems to be a lot of mathematicians who have made videos that acquire much interest due to their correlations with popular topics. It’s interesting to see how math is getting monetized and analyzed by millions of people when it is related to politics, though not very much when it is related to just pursuing higher education to earn money in the future.
Has anyone ever told you that you look a little like Michael Palin of Monty Python?
Ahh, so the Trump Tower is in Chicago.........
His votes are because people don't like Trump, not because people like Biden, they would rather vote someone who doesn't even know what day is it than Trump.
Because ballot dumps are unnatural
So you say if I fail at everything this is not a statistical normality , but a reality?
"reported" x number? 3 digit number? Lacks magnitude? That number is manipulated you goblin eared numbskull - the whole point of Benford's law?
Just found this and love it, thanks for being an amazingly clear tutor, I am an older learner re stats and this video alone is an eye-opener with respect to how easily we can jump to false conclusions even when the data appear at first glance to point to unequivocal causes.
If I am not mistaken, banford law is related to how times the digit repeats itself or is repeated and used. In 2020 American election Chicago, as you exemplified,  were supporting Biden. Addition to that, if Chicago was split into 52 vicinity and 523 individuals per vicinity and besides that Biden got 80% of votes from there which will be equivalent of 418. 418-523= 105, this means that averagely 105 people voted for Trump. When we look at statics of how many votes Trump got each vicinity.  It is mainly between 100 and 200 and it rarely exceeds 300. As I said it related to use of digit, this could help us to understand why Trump's votes data matches Banford law. Also, all of the blocks are exactly at same rate after 3. This also means Trump's data doesn't either match tye law.
Technically, Trump's votes don't follow Benford's Law either - and it could not have: If you have approximately equal sized sectors and 2 candidates, if one does not follow Benford's Law, the other one cannot either.   The thing is, as you pointed out, the average vote count was 516 and Biden won 82% of them consistently, which puts most of his votes to 300+ to 400+. That's why we have a peak at 3 and 4. That means Trump got 516-300=216 or 516-400=116-ish votes and that's why he has a peak at 1 and 2. If you look closely, Trump's votes level out after 3 and does not follow Benford's Law at all. So it is a coincidence that Trump's votes have aggregated around 1 and 2, which made it look like it follows Benford's Law.   So if Chicago was split to populations of 850 (instead of 516) and Biden won by 62% of the vote on average (instead of 82%), then Biden would have had a peak at 5s (since 850*62%=527) and then Trump would have had a peak at 3s since 850-527=323. This fact makes this so much more interesting. :)
gj
You said the dividends having spikes on the round numbers indicates that they are estimating. Actually as a director or a limited company, I pay my own dividends and tend to pay them in multiples of £100 or £1000.
Now go ove kerry lakes.
Some distributions could be shifted as 2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,1 but that order and frequency obeys
I'm seven minutes into the video and still don't know which value of data points you're taking into account when talking about the first digit or second digit
Great video. I was expecting to see the distribution of only the last digit to see roughly uniform distribution for both Biden and Trump. It would have been a good closure.
Ah, so benfords law is a description,  not a prediction. Any predictions derived from the description are entirely dependant on the expectation provided that they have a proper data set.   Wow, just like every other model. Anyway,  not surprised that Trump lost in 2020, I'm disappointed given the amount of disinformation that was allowed to circulate.
Don't just take someone's word for it? Ok if you say so.
Came as a Stanford graduate making and a data scientist making 750k to ponder at the laughable justification presented.
Is there an idle humming sound when not under any load? When starting up and not doing anything it has a noticeable hum
Does the CIA follows Benford's Law, or any law ? (lol)
why in the world would you use chicago? nobody even cares about chicago. you should have done it with several swing states that are actually important.
Well described. Nice one.
I feel like the correct interpretation for the skewed plots might also involve gerrymandering?
The obvious explanation: Suppose you have voters divided into precincts. These precincts have populations following Benford's Law. Now, suppose you have two candidates running, and they get an even split, or roughly even. That's going to change the first number: if the first two digits were 10 or 11, the first number is now 5. 12 or 13, it's now 6. 14 or 15, 7. 16 or 17, 8. 18 or 19, 9. 20 or 21, 1. And so on.  But, I hear you say, what if the votes weren't evenly split? And I'm glad you asked that! Now, you get two numbers. If your first two digits are 10, you get either 1 and anything, or a pair of digits adding up to either 9 or 10. 11 gives either 1 and anything, or a pair adding up to 10 or 11. And so on, again. Most pairs will push your results farther from Benford's Law, and the "and anything" options are the result of an extreme split, 1:9 or more. And if lots of precincts split that far are showing up in your democracy, you have serious problems.
Only part I find unusual is that this guy is unusually ignorant
If Trump's votes follow the distribution and Biden's don''t, then add both up we can deduce that the total votes don't follow the distribution, lol, which contradicts the assumption that the votes should follow the distribution. That's basically how Galileo proved heavier objects don't fall faster.
I know, this video is over two years old now and this is just a minor thing. But it tricks my mind: is the distribution of digits and numbers within pi really "random"? There a so many situations where you encounter weirdly looking symmetries and it wouldn't surprise me if there was any of that kind to be found in one of the most fundamental concepts we have. Maybe you folks know better...
Muh Russia Collusion!!! Muh  muhhh muhhhh reeee reeee muhhh Russia Collusion...  Your math is wrong because you ignored the obvious- you predilection for child sniffing white men and American black men married to men, Micheal Obama
They don't call it crook county for nothing.
Earned a like, comment and subscribe from this. Informative, fun, educational. LOVED IT!!! I watched this is my chill time and enjoyed it. Thank you for the knowledge 🎉 huge appreciated. Love you ❤ yay
My question a little over halfway through this video without reading any comments is why did you pick Chicago a city which is in a state that is firmly seated as liberal instead one of the contested states within an area that is predominantly red that Biden won and that trump won in 2016? Chicago is kinda a soft gimme if you are trying to deflate the issue rather than find clarity, substance, or validity in this quagmire as far as the history of elections go. This election made the Florida situation in the bush-gore election look like two kids fighting over a game of tiddlywinks and though I was a kid I remember people frothing at the teeth. Though in retrospect, IRDAFJS, cause you would still have to prove Biden was pre-cognitively complicit in order to impeach him, right…or and I wrong? JS, IDGAF, JW.
Benfords law also does not apply to the ages of people that are in prison right now because of January 6th.
Doesn't prove that Froured did not occur.
Because Bidens voters don't respect the law, especially mathematical laws      (I voted for Biden, youtube please spare me)
Question: why do Trumps votes perfectly for the law then?
no idea what any of this means!
Listen here you sussy baka
Lol
I'm confused. You said that a distribution of measurements between 0 and 100 centimeters doesn't exhibit Benford's law, but that a distribution of interest income between 0% and 100% does. Both span exactly the same number of orders of magnitude, and in fact the same range of values.  Also, you explain that the range of the number of votes cast in Chicago precincts isn't broad enough to exhibit Benford's law; but the range being analyzed in the graph shown isn't the number of votes cast for Biden in each precinct but the percentage of the total numbers of votes in each precinct that were cast for Biden: again a range from 0% to 100% as with interest income.
Matt Parker, giving someone the benefit of the doubt and not saying they're wronger than wrong.
Probably they don’t match because the only other choice was a known felonious con artist.
Gee i wonder why....
Beautifull 👏🏼
What this man and this video told me, at a basic, non-political level, is that any, and all irregularities from the norm need to be looked into. No matter the side, bias, or party, the irregular vote counts should be subjected to scrutiny. Ironically, all that would imply is to verify that the data is true with a simple recount. If the reason for the irregularities on both sides is indeed random, the both parties, sides, agendas should agree that that is the best course of action. If the irregularities were not indeed random, then one, or both sides would hold a vested interest in the vote count not being recounted. This, I think is the heart of the problem.   I personally think that both parties had, and have for a while, been padding their elections to make their supporters believe they had a tighter grip in places where they might not have had such a tight grip. But, this is only my personal bias, having nothing to do with the above paragraph. Take care Internet Traveler, and have a good day.
If the numbers are predominantly 3 digit long (in base 10), then some other bases should work right?
When over 100000 votes come in at 1am all for Joe biden.   What he needed to win. You don't need math.  Edit* I love in michigan
Blah, blah, blaaaaah...
I think my favorite part of this video is how much of a dunk it is on Trump.
For a while I always thought it was crazy how powers of 2 always seemed to start with a 1 when the number of digits goes up. Thought it was pretty cool that you would get “pseudo powers of two” since the lead digit often went 1,2,4. Then one day I realized that it literally HAS to start with a 1 every single time 🤦‍♂️
Magic
I have no idea what any of this means, but I'm sure adding another 100 billion to the military budget will solve it.
These kinds of misunderstandings are, I think, a subset of a larger problem of people getting 'evidence' confused with 'indicators.' One is often the other, but not necessarily so. The indicator should cause you to look closer, but if you look closer and find no evidence you shouldn't continue to tout the indicator.
Isn't pi "not that random"? I think you could have taken something better to compare randomness since some digits appear more frequently in pi
no laws apply to these pigs.
Answer: because Benfords Law follows Truth, Biden's Law is all about Treason.
Wouldn't the odd data from Trump  be more attributed to the fact that a smaller percentage of people voted for him in chicago? Would seem normal that he would get two digit numbers since he isn't popular there. Did you check other election data sets of votes for Republicans in these areas and then normalize?
Chicago is also one of the most corrupt cities..
😂 ReeeeeeeEEeeeE 🤡🌎
Yeah so bidn bad   False vote?
Why didn't you analyze the numbers in Michigan where 1 specific vote drop of 400k votes all went for biden? That is statistical impossible
Shouldn't we look back at previous elections and see if they line up with it?
Pi is not random - it is non-deterministic
it couldn't possibly be because of cheating, so i'm totally stumped, man. that's one mystery no one will ever ever figure out, ever ever. 😂🤷‍♂️
The law (Benfords') was not followed. Why: Benford was honest.
You needed to make it clear right up front that the data is from CHICAGO, IL., an entirely notorious city--murder, corruption,  most politicians in prison, etc.  No one takes them seriously, except themselves and other criminals. Did you run other locales?
There are three reasons this doesn't make sense. One, and two.
One time in uni, every student (~20) got 64% on their coursework
Let's go Benford!!!!
Hi. None of the official attendances at the Soccer World Cup's first 6 matches included a '9' - yet 4 were apparently more than 100% capacity. Matt must be told! :)
6:30 That looks more like a gaussian distribution.
Lies, lies, lies, yeah!!!
You don’t need a set of values which span orders of magnitude as a requirement for Benford’s Law to be valid.  It’s the first digit which matters. So the span must contain digits 1-9.  However, the number of points of data must be statistically significant.  For example, Benford’s Law can be applied to receipts and costs for Dollar Stores.
Interesting & great video! Thanks Matt!  I just want to say you don't have to call Biden by "they". He is definitely a man, I haven't seen or heard any evidence pointing to otherwise. Is there an explanation why you do this? I have heard it in other videos by you. If you do not want to offend anyone & want to be inclusive, it seems a little strange in this context. I'd understand a YouTuber doing it when talking about a comment someone left, not knowing which gender they are, but not for a US President.  Watching Matt, I think they know what they're talking about. Or... Watching Matt, I think he knows what he's talking about.
You talked me into it I'm buying a book
Dude you really did your homework on this good for you interesting very interesting.
Gerrymandering plays a lot into the totals
Bull, why does only Biden chart fail of other recent politicians charted?
How about a large populated city compared to a smaller populated city
Benfords law became benfords rule....
I’m not following on this one.  You show the total precinct number and use that to claim Biden’s vote tally can’t follow benford’s law.  But we are not talking about total votes, we are talking about Biden’s votes.  You went further and said, “It should be obvious we would not get numbers which follow benford’s law.”  Sorry, but Trumps did?  Here is a simple and better test, look at all past elections, if they follow benford’s law and Biden’s doesn’t….. there’s your clue.
This guy follow Brandon’s law. That’s why his conclusion is skewed towards blue
It's a good test buddy
Where is the rebuttal to this video Google?
it's because Biden's votes actually follow a different law known as libindin's  law that states for every container of Republican votes that's thrown down a storm drain Democrats will have to vote that much less in order to win and that has been proven true especially west of the Mississippi where the gravitational pull is much less precise usually in the smaller towns and cities
I'm an engineering student, I work with large sets of statistical data occasionally and I took a statistics class in high school. I know enough to know when to talk to a mathematician rather than drawing a conclusion at face value lol. Your explanation was well put together, but comparing to a dataset where Trump won by a large margin and Biden got very few votes would have been a great way to show that the law doesn't apply to this data. Showing the random distribution was good too, but comparing the equivalent data would have been icing on the cake.
Wow you quoted somebody else saying it was problematic nice cover-up
Here's some fuzzy math for you. Biden couldn't fill a coffee shop at lunchtime, yet he ended up with more votes than Obama. I betcha, Michelle really was proud of that! Lol
Lets be real, if a billionaire was to rig an election, they would hire a mathematician to properly randomize the data, not just hand pick pseudo-random numbers.
You’ve gotta understand, the people looking to cherry pick this information haven’t even watched the first 30 seconds before assuming they were correct.
If you can't expect the distribution from Biden, how cames that you see exactly that distribution at Trump?
After watching Zach Star's This is How Easy It Is to Lie With Statistics video, it's hard for me to look at statistics the same.
"problematic" lmao
I think saying out right that the data used for the plot is the number of votes from the precincts might have been a good thing. I had to watch half of the video to infer it.
Oh so it was actually reversed, silly us, silly for the people sent to watch ballad counting see vans pull up at counting facilities then basically stand around the van as people filled out ballads on the side of the van then shove them into bags then bring them into the facility to be counted, all those eye witnesses were lying em hmm. All lies huh, no window covering happened and making the counters go outside and not let them watch what they were doing inside, that's all normal things I know. Some of the addresses of Biden voters that people actually drove to so they can confirm were no houses to be found, some addresses were just street corners or abandoned buildings or just nothing at all there, I know, that don't mean anything right?? This person who lives at this adress voted for Biden, OK then what happened to the house at this address, did it run away?? Like really, things that are so common sense and it was being debated!!! Some people could be knocked out with the truth and still wouldn't believe it 🤷‍♂️ why??!! Can their brains not handle truths? Analyze that!!
i think 100% of them should start with 0
The hard part is most people aren't going to be able to do this kind of analysis. Actually understanding how to use this tool is complicated. The average person isn't going to be able to check it for themselves. I'm an engineer and math is my bread and butter and I can get confused by it at times.
I'll admit it, I came here as a skeptic....but you convinced me.  Well done video.
I’m sure that was brought up during one of the 61 law suits
Oh no, my data does not match te outcome I want... Better manipulate it so it does!
These transitions are super jarring. Why do we go from leading into "theres another thing that gives interesting results" and then not talk about that thing, but instead we have a song and flashy graphics?
I would convert those values into base 5 number system before applying benford's law on Biden's case.  log1000/log5 = 4.29. therefore you will have numbers ranging from 1 digit to 5 digits where numbers range from 0 to 4 thus providing a better fit.
I have not watched the video but is it because they were inflated. I feel like it’s because they were inflated.
This is actually really good argument!
in dates there are 11 days with one 11 days with two except feb where its 10 and 3 days with 3 and 30 day months with two days except feb where 1 day the rest of the numbes are 1 day using 31/30 day month 11of 30 for 1 an 2 for equal xhance randomly
Not at all doubting the math or your explanations, but why would Trump's votes be following Benfird's laws as seen in the first chart?
god I love these videos
What a brave man.
But... Laptop...  Nah, good job being so incredibly watchable. Math will save the world and unite us!
I think we all know why
81 "totally legitimate" votes
in _binary_ , 100% of the measurements start with a "1" COINCIDENCE????
But when will I use math in the real world?  lol!  This is highly fascinating!
Well sometimes things happen
Andrew tate says your wrong though.   I'm gonna go with Bugatti boy because it fits my personal narrative.    Thanks though appreciate the vid.
Old video now. Wish you would have done a city that wasn't super blue and found something more in the middle. Other than that well done sir. Thanks for taking the time analyzing data and not making it completely one sided.
Now explain the mathematics of 2000 Mules
what boggles and fascinates me is the amount of languages you can choose from on the top of 7:22. Tagalog? Pinoy power!
🤣😂🤣🤣😂😂🤣🤣😂😂🤣😂😂🤣
Biden never had to worry about Illinois.
All Biden aren't we?
I figured it was something to do with how Chicago was carved up.
the differences can probably be explained by the gerrymandering Republicans have done over the years, where they stretch out republican majority votes through as many districts as possible, while herding as many democrat votes into fewer districts.
Yeah when you started with measuring objects around the house *under 2m long* I saw the problem—apparently the scale of data really impacts the measurement. What if you use Feet in the same range—0-6 feet would start seeing a lot more 2’s and 3’s. And if you measure something like human height in feet? 90% of data starts with a 5, a very minor fraction starts with 1. So a very strict set of assumptions need to be met to make benfords law applicable.
It was stolen 140%
Oh yeah baby, time to sort by most recent and reply to people who dont understand basic addition, 1+1=1 because magnets
Maybe something happened during counting idk
nice
Add a comment? You LIBERALS KEEP DELETING MY COMMENTS! Because You can't Handle the TRUTH! You are acting like Marxist Insurrectionists, NOT ME!
I knew this would be a video confirming Biden's win.....You Tube won't allow any videos that question the result. America......Land of the Free.
11:52 why such a low amount at 69 though? I'm disappointed.
16:00 My History & civics teacher (In seventies) told us: Read ten biased papers rather than one unbiased paper. Of course refering to newspapers. So today the same is: Watch several Yotube channels on the same issue, not just one etc.
You are fake news
So it could be used to detect strange behavior which needs to be investigated? Does kicking everyone out and boarding up the windows count as strange behavior? (Note: I misunderstood a point mentioned in the video)
typical republican momentum
Cool, this is something we've been taught in information system, data by it self doesn't mean nothing it just express a fact, in this case the fact would the numbers of votes, our information comes from context we put this information in or the context from where it came.
8:34 But the why do Trump's votes follow a benford distribution?
How is three digits not enough to have  an “order of magnitude”? It’s literally three orders of magnitude…  8:30 “The numbers of voters in the precinct don’t match Benfords law, so of COURSE it won’t match Benfords law”
So TRUMP won?
In 2020, 15 million democrats that never vote, voted, out of fear of fascism.
isn't the calander example weak due to the month of february being only 28 days? if it had 30, 1 and 2 would be even.
I like seeing impartial, unbiased analyst videos like this. Really feels good after browsing Reddit or Twitter.
Google really making sure we don't think wrong. "Robust safeguards help ensure the integrity of election results." right under the vid
Benford's Law is not really a mathematical "law" at all but just a generally applicable observation...but it works because so many numeric lists are done serially....i.e. you can't get a 2 unless you've already logged a 1....you can't get a 3 unless you've already logged both a 1 and a 2, etc....so, in serialized and sequential numeric systems, there's an implicit bias to 1 vs 2-9, 2 vs 3-9, and so on. But, as soon as a numeric system departs from sequential or serialized systems, Benford's law starts to break down.
Hey did YouTube get rid of the rules that you can't talk about past elections? Or just can speak of it in affirmations, guess it's not in your realm to debunk other fishy reasons why the current president isn't legit (or looking at data other than only in Chicago, maybe didn't fit your storyline as well?)  Or YouTube would censor for it
Maybe Benfords law doesn’t help, but a couple hundred thousand votes added to one side at 3AM is statistically significant.
81 million votes folks, 81 million.🧐
Now do the tens of thousands of votes that were counted in michigan, wisconsin, and arizona at 3 am
It's what happens when it's "fortified" (in one sides favor)
This guy is the most useful thing I saw on the internet
I can’t believe I watched this all the way through. Well done sir, very interesting and full of cool info.
"This is anomalous data that requires closer investigation" Is what Benfords law is about ,  Hmmm?
Transparency or expect issues
Random numbers obey Benfords law
Доверяй, но проверяй
Haha these american Clowns in the Comments lol
People don't just estimate dividends because it can't be checked, but because they may not have the exact number on a document sent to them at tax time as they do with other quantities.
you are not serious, math is politically correct?! :)))))
There are lies, damn lies, and then statistics....
This world is my simulation and I’m a defeatist, good thing none of you exist or you’d be fucked!
This is very Zipfy
whan if you take benford's law in other number bases? like in octo or hexa?
I could tell you why, but i would get banned.
Clearly someone here still haven't seen 2000 mules. This video only proves how you can be smart and stupid at the same time... hey you should change your channel's name for LEFTIST MATH... it would be at least more honest.... or maybe you will come up with a math excuse for the documentary also... now that would be a neat trick... a lie of course, just like this one, but still it would be interesting... keep up the good lies... it 's good entertainment at least if ain't anything else.... just to recall the graph of votes in Wisconsin... total 'normal' behavior of voting too of course... lol
Everybody mad about the election are just mad they're canidate lost
Benford's Law explains many things apparently but can it explain where the 81,000,000 actual voters are? IRL and almost everywhere on the net and in Video I sure don't see a reactions that show that Biden is most popular president in American history.  It appears to me that was the real reason why YouTube disable the DISLIKE button. The videos were 1 like for every 1000 dislike. Many times more and sometime a lot more.  Just sayin.
So Bedford's law fails when Democrat voters can't count past 1.
They "Fortified" the election to save "Democracy".
Because the lizards don’t like Benford!
Wow... what's going on?
1:14 He looks like every single person on the news when waiting for a signal that they are being recorded
The 2020 election was 100% stolen.
Okay, that was good. While I'm still convinced that the election was stolen, due to many other reasons, I can see now why Benford's law wouldn't apply here.
So the orange’s data looked like benford’s law by chance because he was voted so little that he couldn’t break double digit votes lol.
You can win any election when you "find" votes in the middle of the night
Brandon is the best USA president ever. Let's go Brandon.
Claims that the sample size was too small to accurately reflect benford's law but chose only to use the Chicago Precincts which we know Joe Biden would have won anyway. Why didn't he use the millions of votes cast for the entire United States 2020 election? A nation wide sample size should have been large enough. Why did he only use Chicago? Sounds like a verbal three card Monty game. (Twain: "There are three kinds of lies: lies, damned lies, and statistics")
There are 30 days in a month so 1/3 starting with 1 is not a good example.
Nobody is claiming that Democrats stole an election in Chicago.  There is no ROI to do so since Democrats will always win in Chicago.  This video is a waste of time.
Well done! Fantastic video! Now a subscriber.
Good video! The transition sound is INCREDIBLY loud and jarring though. Scared my cat.
The most popular president of all time according to vote count has a lower than ~30% party approval rating 2 years later....Hmmmmmmm
if there’s an issue because of orders of magnitude, why can’t you just change to, say base 5, and apply the analysis to that.
blah, blah, blah. !  "Bad people are bad but good people do bad things too at times..
Chicago has been a dem city since the 1930s they’re a lot of reps, however percentage they are a minority, with an electoral college system votes go to the percentage winner so rep voters don’t vote in chicago because it’s a waste of time considering the dem machine process was invented in chicago, i.e. vote early, vote often. is a famous slogan in dem circles
I bet if the election rigging had benefitted trump you’d be saying the opposite
It cracks me up that any video by an unanointed creator on certain topics deemed inappropriate by the Party get a banner under them. Now I can go "Learn More"... be reeducated by the Party and practice proper Newspeak.
I am an economist and hate politics, but if you still think Biden was a better choice than Trump....you are just being tribal at this point.
I don't believe this is a correct analysis. Because benfords law does apply to sets that don't necessarily have a bunch of 1's in the beginning, the example that prof gives in the video is lengths between 0 and 1 meter. However, if you divide by the smallest value in the set of results, you will wind up with a set that follows bendfords law.
What for doy you need ellection if you have math?
Not a math guy even a little bit, but aren't the digits in pi, by definition, not random?
Very interesting! As a conservative, I like to see the numbers (analyses) speak for themself to put my mind at rest; however, a city like Chicago has a rather predictable outcome, election after election. How about these other areas of the country such as down in Forsyth county, GA?
Hey could you please take a sip from your cup for me please? I like to watch that. Thanks.
Very informative, but one question. Why do trump’s votes seem to follow benford’s law? My impression is that his vote curve should look pretty similar to biden’s, with the modal digit being 4, 5, or 6 like the paper you referenced said.
8:11 ...and there's the punchline.  Benford's Law only works on data spread over several orders of magnitudes.  Which prompts the question, what if you convert the decimal counts into numbers of a smaller base (base 5 perhaps), so that the spread of the count numbers is larger?
It would be interesting to see how to quantify how likely the data is to be random, instead of qualitatively assessing it by comparing to known random data. Is there a way to look at a data set and ask "how likely is it that this data comes from a random source?"
AS A MATHEMATICIAN, YOU SIR DON’T KNOW TO USE LOGIC AND ARE PAYED BY THE GOVERNMENT TO SPREAD MISINFORMATION
Very good video
You've done a great job here ... and it's really intriguing. Too bad most of the people who need to understand this will not bother.
pleas put the legend of the axis in your garpfs beacause as a not native english speacker it is hardto get the technicality of wath your are talking about
I'm sorry but that person writing off their coffee and muffin WAS "on the road for work purposes", they were travelling to a place, in order to engage in work.
Americans Men. Check your testosterone. Welders, weld all drop boxes before tve next vote. War requires to sides. Which side are you. Cheaters or honorable❓WELD TVEM SHUT A FEW DAYS BEFORE ANY VOTE.
I was home schooled for high school, and my curriculum was project-based. I didn’t have to take a math class my junior or senior year, but I had been planning a statistics project for if I did do some more math. I thought it would be really interesting to take a set of statistics, probably baseball stats, and then play with the numbers to create different narratives - make it look like one team was cheating, or a ref was being unfair, and then make it look like the opposite. I thought it would be a really great exercise in critical thinking: to get experience with how data can be misrepresented so that when I see those stats in the real world I can more easily understand how it could have been presented to change the narrative. It’s really a shame I never had the time for that project
I have never seen someone jump through so many hoops.
10:57 Trump fans getting excited... 😂
Democrats manipulate everything they do so we know they manipulated the vote in some way
Seems those graphs around 15:00 correlate directly to Urban vs Rural voting. Rural precincts tend to have fewer voters than Urban precincts; Rural areas tend to skew toward Republican, and Urban areas tend to skew toward Republican. Hence the different spikes. I would bet every (modern) election has these characteristics.  Edit: Typo
i absolutely despise maths to my very core, but for some reason you explain it in a fun way
Clearly pushing a double-checking agenda :)
because biden and t he democrats dont follow law
Pea dough peter.
Im gonna be that guy and say you looked more approacheable with a beard. Youre kinda scary without.
Wonderful, important, video.
I first heard about Benford’s law a few years ago on Radio Lab.
3:15 (- 3:39) : Well, you WOULD get the result also when measuring things from 0 to 1 meter, if you use a proper unit! If you use deci-meters as unit, then obviously it won't work  But if you measure in micro-meters, it should work. Or if you use a unit that is randomly picked between any distance from 1 mm to 1 cm before every other measurement.  Values from 0 to 1 m span an infinite amount of orders of magnitude, btw. Proof: Plot 0 to 1 on a logarithmic scale --> you can't, bc you'll run out of ink and paper, no matter how small you plot.
I absolutely loved the book, I was curious if you will be having another such book published at any point.
Why is this Irish guy covering American politics?
It doesn't matter anyways! It's the electoral votes that override the people of America's vote anyways!
The newest first comments on this video is a mess i guess
These leftwing nutters got an answer for everything huh
Loved the explanation.  Also loved the Jurassic Park VHS and Japanese Trailbreaker toy (at least, I think that's what it is, was never able to focus on it).
All Americans know that dominion steals elections for money! The evidence is astounding!
It's amazing how everyone can suddenly become a data analyst based on a snippet from a whole field that is constantly evolving.
I've heard it said statistics are a liars greatest tool, nice to see someone analyzing statistics as they are and not as what they hope they could be
Loved the book. Great stories with the usual Parker humor. Only complaint is the context of the research for the video. America is pretty particular in their elections and if you come from the outside it can be a bit confusing. Most (but not all, of course) states are winner take all for their presidential votes. Additionally, a good portion of these state-by-state contests are not close. With this in mind you have to look at the value of cheating in an election. For non-competitive states, like Illinois from the example, there is very little value so there is little likelihood of manipulation. The real game is in the close states such as Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Pennsylvania, Arizona, etc... Still, it's awesome to have someone take an actual non-biased look at something as polarizing as an election.  As a side note, Matt's book was actually selling for a higher priced an used condition rather than new. I have no explanation for this other than the simple act of reading it seems to add value to the transaction. So if you want to enrich your life and make a smart investment get your copy now!
SNOWFLAKE
Oh, wow ... so cool!  Enjoyed the show.  Thanks for sharing.  :) Going to try and find your book too!  :)
Numberphile
You justify Biden's anomalous votes with a quote. Here's half of the quote "EACH candidates vote will not be 1 or 2 but rather 4, 5, or 6." So your quote explains away Biden numbers if and only if you disregard trump's numbers being spot on.
I don't care what this guy comes up with Joe Biden hates Americans, and everybody knows he is destroying this country brick by brick how does he sleep at night!?
Biden/Harris 2024
I love the amount of people in the comments talking about 2000 mules as if Dinesh isn't someone who happily lies about everything. His docco's are atrocious, and he himself got caught breaking campaign finance laws demonstrating yet again how conservatives project all their criminality on others.
God bless for laws like this so intelligent people can detect any kind of frauds using these tools.
Æ  .
Now 2000 Mules changes everything...
Comment for the algorithm
I like this guy, but I'm betting he has a very Left worldview doing his part.
Biden somehow found the votes he needed overnight lol it's such bullshit
Probably an important note should be that if you are going to double-check/verify for yourself, you actually have the tools and knowledge to do so. A lot of the issues with the past US election was people "verifying" for themselves with absolutely no ability or knowledge on how to do so.
Trump won
It’s so unsettling that “experts” throw away everything they know when told to by people in authority. Just because the people who wrote a paper told you to ignore something, doesn’t mean you should. People really need to work on this.
But why would one candidate's voting totals perfectly match up with the Law whereas the other one doesn't?
So what I've learned is that I should use an RNG when doing my taxes. Thanks!
because the votes were fake
Sounds like this Aussie is getting all het up on Benford's Lore
Do elections usually follow benford's law?
solid video
I love the idea of someone who works for an auditing company playing games with their audit trails. What were they thinking lol
Would you cover John Lott’s statistical analysis on the votes? I’m not math savvy at all.  It just came out this month (May).  I can’t post the link, or else my comment gets auto deleted.
Now I, a devils advocate, would say that you simply showed the underlying reason biden's count doesn't follow Beonford's law, and therfore didnt disprove anything...Just shifted the accusation a step down. Moreover, one could go ahead and say how it's even more suspicious how the majority of votes follow normal distribution... almost as if someone were engineering a homogeneous distribution of votes.
2000 mules
Does 2000 Mules Follow Benford's Law?
Because he's not trump
It's really hard to believe 81 million people voted for Biden, now more then ever....his ratings are at record lows for a dem president. It's so obvious he mentally declining rapidly
I'd like to point out that Matt is an out spoken liberal and a mathematical genius. One who's abilities far outstretch those of the viewers. At that level of proficiency it is easy to bend things to your perspective. My point is not that he did bend it, but that he is biased.
This wasn't even one of our arguments we made. Our main argument was the fact that 150% of population in a single county voted, when 75% were supposed to have been children, so not only did the votes exceed the population they well exceeded eligible voters in said county.
Coming back here over a year later, I still love this video about applied mathematics so much, both for its faults and its utility. I’m also just now remembering that Benford’s Law applies to all bases, which does mean that there could be additional analysis done on Trump’s small vote totals if you were to decrease the base you’re using (probably somewhere in the base-4 to base-6 range would be best). You get fewer digits and sequences of digits to analyze, but it could be more useful and insightful than using base-10, which is clearly flawed.
once you understand that graphs are just lines drawn on a grid, the world will never seem quite real again.
this is proper weird, it's like a numerical measurement of how natural something is
Biden stole the election, duh!
Maybe Benford was wrong…
Maybe I just missed it but I didn’t get what the graphs actually mean. There’s no units on the sides, what do the 1,2,3,4… actually mean? It’s the amount of times those numbers showed up where?
Wow what a terrible explanation of this law
Nice~
Shill
With 2000 mules coming out, this one didn’t age so well
someone actually voted for the traitor in chief? thats news to me...
Using math is problematic at best. Now back to sleep sheeple
Mean that makes perfect sense in a democrat area you would see the shift of totals more towards the center for Joe Biden.
Maths is about truth, but this video is about propaganda and pushing an agenda. Shameful.
The colours on the divider lines resemble a certain familiar scarf, hmmmm...
Boy your comment did not age well. We know how they threw the election now.
Wanting to push an agenda and people being fine with pushing an agenda is how you get propaganda, otherwise great stat video.
well I mean the fake addresses of voters could’ve had something to do with it.
Trump won.
Sooooo... What's your agenda?  Oh, right. Your book. ^.^
Brandon's law is enforced by Dominion, otherwise known as Demonium.
A great video, very well made and very insightful. Thankyou for putting time and effort into this channel and media content; it is an incredible and very reputable source of knowledge. Cheers 👍
OK, then why does the Trump vote, as presented at 0:30, appear to follow Benford's Law?  Everything you said about invariance of magnitude in the Biden count is even more so in Trump's numbers.
Has your channel been bought out by Hank Green or something? That intro is...I mean..ok
I got my copy of Humble Pi here in Arizona in the USA, and they only had the Airplane version, yea with the S after Math.
So I was kicked off Twitter for posting Benford’s Law, just long enough for you to develop an argument!  We watched the false reporting, we watched Trump ahead and the pills shut down mysteriously.  Then we saw the next day with totally flopped results.  It is a big lie.
No Agenda however I think age needs to be interpreted into your data. And I think a big part of your charge shows initial votes and tailing mail ins
At 13:18 where you ask whether the distribution of the last two digits of Biden's precinct vote totals are random, what if you make a chart where the X axis is "the height of a line in the original graph" and the Y axis is "the number of lines in the original graph that are that height". I would expect a random pattern would have a "normal" distribution centered on "number of precincts divided by the number of bins (i.e. 100)" The sample size might not be large enough for a completely smooth curve.
#FJB
This is one of my favourite youtube videos ever!
If we had more fingers then we'd need bigger data sets. But we'd get better granularity too.
Just Chicago
Also the reason they didn't follow Benford's Law is that he wasn't actually elected.
I love what you did with the trump data to show how easy it is for something to look suspicious without more context and why you need to listen to people who know about data rather than just trying to draw your own uninformed conclusions. Love the video!
this is why we need stats and real world math education for everyone
For the measuring of between 0 and 2 metres using cm; of course over 50% of numbers start with a 1, as every number from 100 to 199 starts with a 1, but measure between 0 and 9.99 metres in cm and the over 50% is soon diminished. Could this be translated to datasets too ? Does Benford's law only make sense when using an inappropriate measuring scale ?
I've been putting off watching this for about a year now because I was worried about this being biased in some way, or the point of the video being political in nature. But this is refreshingly just a quick lecture on data analysis that uses votes as an example. Whew.
Watched the whole video and still confused af.
How about number of twitter followers during the election... Biden: 14m. Trump: 80m. Obama: 135m. So the guy with 14m twitter followers beat the guy with 80m and got more votes than the guy with 135m? LoL. Okay. Stolen.
Your explanation of Benson Law was easy to understand.
Seems like you could do the trump analysis with just the last digit...
Ur a funny man
managed to make the election part non-political. Failed to make the video non-political by referring to every person as a they... *rolls eyes*
So you're saying Biden stole the election?  😌
Mohler's Law: 99.99% of prices of commodities end in .99
Bottom line is Biden didn't get 81mm votes campaigning from his basement.
Also James Grimes channel (idr the name (it has banana in it))did a great job of explaining benfords law like 10+ years ago.
I almost choked myself of life with tea and biscuit when I saw that title, sir. I'm still considering that I might get down on my knees and headbutt the pavement until issues, such as the one you quite correctly raise, are not my problem anymore. Yes.....I think maybe I have no choice. Putin and his rubbish country, a fool called Biden and his morally corupted hell-spawn of a son........that orange bloke.......they are your problem now.
There’s no way in hell 81 million people voted for Biden. Period. He is the biggest train, plane, and automobile wreck this country has ever seen. He’s got the most ridiculous administration trying to muddle their way through running this country, which they have failed miserably at. You may not have liked Trump’s tweets, but his policy enriched this country more than any other president. This is the worst case of voters remorse, and I hope it’s the last time we experience it.
This is a textbook case of telling the truth, nothing but the truth, but not the whole truth to mislead people.
So for checking last digits it's enough to add multiple of 100 and distribution wouldn't change. Wow, great way of checking. I still think these are meme laws which just work when they work just like all other things that don't work.
Isn't Benford's law just a meme law that noone sane really considers to be a valid mathematical law as it has no mathematical proof?
I was ready to be mad, then happy the troll was for the "do your own research" crowd, lol.
I know I'm late for this, but why does Trump's votes correspond with Benford's law if it's not supposed to? I bet that would have a cool explanation to it
you gonna have the time of your life in Israeli elections
How does the Bedford's law work with the Georgia votes, where one candidate in a few hours went from 30K up to 30K down? 🤨 A 60K vote difference. 🤔
Really well put!
Even aside from this Benford comparison, no other election had so many unprecedented statistical abnormalities occurring simultaneously as the 2020 election. For example, no incumbent President in election history ever received 12 million more votes the second time around. That's never happened before, and he still lost. No other Presidential Election in the history of our country had a candidate win Iowa, Ohio and Florida but still lose the election. That's never happened even once. And never in Presidential Election history has a candidate gotten 81 million votes, smashing the previous record by about 15 million votes. And the candidate that got more votes than any President in American history held one rally for every five his opponent held, and rarely attracted a crowd of more than a few hundred people, while his opponent had massive overflow crowds everywhere he went. And just a little more than 1 year into his first term, the most voted for President in American history has one of the lowest approval ratings of any President at this same point in their term. Nothing about that election adds up. And aside from the current President's very obvious and disturbing cognitive issues, I believe the single greatest reason the current President is getting utterly humiliated and steamrolled on the world stage is because world leaders friend and foe alike do not believe he won legitimately. They have competent analysts too, and I'm sure the numbers made them every bit as suspicious and doubtful of the results, regardless of how much they may have approved of the end result.
That Trump Tower looks like Barad-Dûr
I seek a Trasnmutation spell That leads me to a portal That will bring me to another Dimension  But first, I must understand all possible ways to find this transmute spell in all universes  Because my spell may not work the same in another universe I may be left with nothing and start from scratch With no internet? Jesus Christ save me, Literally   IT's the convergence of minds, the aboslute true soul by assimilating all souls into one. The resurrection of Christ through his blood in your vain  His ideas  Through the sacrifice of his body for the ideas  He fed you his body to sacrifice for his ideas, that live within the blood of my people to send me a message in the future  I will come back full Circle, and I will tell my people the truth  The eighth Dimension is true. Not find out its frequency  Find out its speed. its rate of Change Because when you see those particles collide, that's when our ideas manifest into reality.
I could have a Transmute Spell  That creates a Portal  To another dimension  I could also Have a Portal That leads to a Transmute spell Which brings me to other dimentions  I could also  Find a dimension of travel That leads to a portal which brings me to a trans mute spell  With everything in between I know what I am looking for, I just need to pick it up and see it for the truth  You can not know what you have, unless you know what you seek
What if: You found out how to transmute a portal from this dimension, to another. But then, you had to figure out how to do it all over again from scratch with a new set of rules?  What if, these dimensions changes take place all the time But in a different order of events? Flipping the equation so that instead of one thing equaling up to another, you have another thing equaling up to one thing?
This was very interesting and non political.
I came for the truth, but I stayed for the math.
BS...
I have to slightly disagree with your point at the end about it's mostly fine for each side to champion their point as strongly as possible (and let me preface by saying I know this isn't what you were really advocating): It's usually mostly fine for each side to champion their point as strongly as possible, unless doing so requires you to mislead people in an attempt to undermine a democratic election.
I do love how you pointed out the unusualness of the data on both sides, presenting it as strange, then showing how it’s not.  If you had just done this for one side or the other, and left the undisclosed one up to viewer interpretation, it would have been biased, and not an “impartial step back”
Not a great choice of data sets, using election results that are still under debate by some people. Better stick to less controversial historical data.
Did Google/YT even WATCH this video before putting up the election integrity warning?  Our overlords aren't wearing pants.
The music in your video is annoying and loud.
Sooooo... Benford's Law does not apply to democrat/progressive (regressive)/left wing/communist/socialist/fascist/ect. candidates. Oooooo... kay. Sounds perfectly reasonable to me.
This video doesn't prove anything.  If anything it shows that yes, the results are suspicious.  The fact that so many counties had vote totals that began with '3' instead of '1' IS the anomaly.  It's just another example in the sea of many peculiar coincidences about the election results.  But since you're casually sipping a cup of coffee, most people will be more inclined to agree with whatever point you're trying to make here
Data need to be interpreted, not isolated.
You actually used the days of the month to lend credence to this "law"? There are only 30 days, and to act astonished that one-third of them start with a 1 is truly hilarious!
This didn't age well now that we know big-tech willfully suppressed the "Hunter Biden Laptop" story which when polled, 16% of democrats said they wouldn't have voted for Biden if they knew about the images, videos and emails.
LOve how the video just START! thank you sir
If we collected data on abuses of Benford's Law, would that distribution follow Benford's Law?
Is that Hoist or Trailbreaker there in the background?
The number of people on here trying to say there political argument disprove his maths 🤦‍♂️😂
In my opinion this "law" is pure woo-woo.   The decimal system is totally arbitrary.   It is most likely chosen because of the digits of our hands.   So if this "law" works with decimal, it should work with and number system regardless of the base.   If we had eight fingers, we would have an octal system of numbers, but we would probably still call it "base 10"   Note that the character "8" is absent in the octal system.   Likewise there is no character for "ten" in the decimal system.  Both systems rather have a "placement character" of zero.  (0).
Will this video teach people to double check their data and sources prior to spewing nonsense into the internet?  I can only dream.
Because he stole the election is why.
Shill
Google lying to you : Robust safeguards help ensure the integrity of election results. Where was that message when Trump won in 2016? How is mail in voting safe? Wasn't Hunter's laptop 'russian disinformation' in 2020? Now according to NYT, it's real LOL.
Who followed the damn laws nowadays in politics?
Is Biden not one person? Why does he keep referring to him as they?
Lies, damn lies and statistics.
So interesting, but my head is about to explode.
Its been a year and a half and I still can't find anyone who will admit they voted for BIdet
I don't know, but I bet I want to listen to a guy with a mug tell me why.
Sounds like BS to me!!!!!!!!!!
Damm I am a nerd
Now do all 50 states.
Just reiterated that he’s the most popular president in the history of history, so glad to be living in these amazing times that his handlers tell him to talk about yet still can’t formulate a sentence but that’s semantics.
10% for the big guy….
Wow, no negative comments...
I was reconciling my bank account while listening to this and I thought how I almost never see my balance end in an even number.  By the end of the video, I had finished my reconciliation and behold my account balance is an even number.  Albeit a small number.
Because they follow Brandon's law
Cool and so we should still ignore the guys pointing out counties and precincts in other areas of the country with more votes cast than census residents. Totally no unfair behavior anywhere in the country at all. Systems completely trustworthy always has been. No need for worry or improvements in any dinky inner city metropolis with hardly a high school graduate in sight. Least dysfunctional, most uncorrupt places in America period. Totally not a bunch of people who would desperately protect welfare because it is their only money. They'd never ever do anything like ballot stuffing. I'm just remembering how Trump like cancelled snaps or something. I forget and don't care anyway. Never liked the guy. I mean who the hell thinks it's a good idea not to give people free money for food? It grows on trees. I want free money for food whether or not I work too.
Title should read- “why is benford’s law even a thing?”
We all know why.... Dominion cheating machines!
LOL Nothing but selling his pathic book
Wait... You pick the most Liberal city in the country to look for election anomalies?  Gee golly I guess there is nothing to see here. Biden won fair and square.... In Chicago.  Now do that in contested cities.
The real question is why do the Chiraqians keep voting for Democrats when their city has been under Democrat rule for a hundred years and things keep only getting worse.
Shame you forgot to mention Russian intervention
Putin won. Move to Russia you commy dog.
I can't believe you still haven't taken this video down! You dems are pathetic. Next you'll try to tell me the earth is flat. 😂
how did these results compare to the same county in 2016?
yikes. used the word problematic. That means you want to convince people that something that isn't normal should be normal.
If neither party doesn`t start representing the average American, neither one will be getting the votes for the candidates they push out there. I larger and larger portion of the voting public are starting to see through the games that both parties play in DC.
Bullshit. They used this to prove elections in the middle east were stolen. Now all of the sudden "Its ughhh not good for elections"..
It would be nice to find out when all 41 million digital votes came in or  counted, remember it's not who votes but who counts the vote.
Keep crying dummy
Rewatching this: how do you know that the digit pairs of pi are random? Do you have a proof that pi is a normal number lying around that no one else has seen? 🤔  (Math nerd wisecrack, it's a conjecture on firm ground, but still a conjecture as far as I know. And in this finite case the difference is negligible from an empirical view)
Look into the 1960 Presidential election  Especially  Illinois and Texas It's the only other time that both Ohio and Florida didn't vote for the winning candidate.
Interesting he picked the most Liberal city to check...he needs to check Arizona and Georgia and Pennsylvania...there were some weird stats there too....
I guarantee you that 25% of those that voted for Biden would take back their vote today....
Thank you for your professional and unbiased input !
I love how this video came up in my suggestions, an obvious conservative to any casual algorithmic investigation.
Biden and the evil lefties literally bragged about how they were cheating every step of the way, and fake news covered for them. A lotta dummies voted for Biden, but no majority. Far from it. Only braindead, blue-pilled sheep believe that Biden won. Shameful people.
I'm just going to casually point out that the "Trump Tower" at 14:25 sort of looks like Sauron's tower, for no particular reason at all.
The one conclusion we are sure of is that the voters of Chicago are quite stupid, because they brought us the worst President in American history.
You should have done this on the largest group of votes that either one of them barely won.
Isn’t it kinda weird that if you mention 3lection Fr4ud you’re absolutely not aloud to question it but Russia definitely hacked the 2016 election?
Biden wasn't the overall favorite in the chicago area. The Dems pay people to vote early and vote often.
"U.S. elections Robust safeguards help ensure the integrity of election results."  What a load of BS. The things you got to submit to publish a video.
If you take mushrooms you get the same results!  Check it out!!
lol  corruption... how do you think Trudeau got " elected "  bought and paid for by George Soros and hundreds of millions they spent in Canada via Tides and other " foundations "....
Now instead of Chicago, look at a whole state that Biden might need some help winning in.
Trump won
This was a lot of fun.  The only thing that matters is that joe biden IS president and we are TOTALLY SCREWED!!  get your statistical brain to tell me why my portfolio has dumped almost half a million dollars since new years day.  it aint because vlad  is insane.
Fibonacci?
Trump won
The cheating didn't need to be widespread they only needed to do it in a handful of counties.
What was the distribution of just the last digit? For each of the smallest regional groupings, pair-wise comparison with previous election results (as raw & as percentage)? Are there any sudden changes?
Almost 18 months later, and Trump supporters still have sore booties from the loss.
Since this video is not taken down I know what conclusion he reached.
LoL
bet this vid gets taken down lol
Lol agenda they pulled Chicago  which votes 70% democrat no matter who. The argument would've been more credible if they pulled  all swing counties.
Pro tip : don't move to Chicago if they are that stupid.
We would not be suggested this video by YouTube two years on if the creator had reached a different conclusion.
What a load.
Now do a statistical analysis of people likely to be trumpanzee levels of nuts.
This is a great video. He did look, however, at a characteristically democratic area. I would be interested in looking at all counties in America.
Don't mind me, I'm just a European who eats popcorn, while reading comments by new, way after the election. Insane people down here, I can tell u that.
Yes benfords law isn't the only way. Fairweather counties, breakdown of population, votes found in dumpsters, illegally blocking out verificatiers, and only partial audits.  Not to mention some places having more than 93% turnouts.
Trump did it to himself by discouraging mail in voting.  Republican votes were counted early, but elders lacking in the later mail in count.
Trump won.
Becouse they are fake
You're correct it doesn't match up with the law, but you're answer wasn't fully correct, it was based on some speculation. You missed the factor of, people with unknown boxes going in and out of the ballot counting centers after the count had stopped for the night. Not to nitpick or be mean, it's just that factor could mess up your whole equation of not accounted for
Trump won.
Thank you for being very honest in terms of the numbers.
I’d like believe Americans aren’t stupid enough to have more votes in history ever for Biden … look at the great Job he has been doing since getting in literally has fucked up everything.
I suppose I don't understand why trump's results follow the law, when it is more likely to not follow
So i wonder when the last time this happened
You just got my subscribe click. Great comprehensive breakdown.
Why would they need to steal the Chicago election? They already had that in the bag.
There's lies damn lies and statistics.
If you're on the right, you think it was stolen. If you're on the left, you think it was legit. Nothing will convince either side to swap.
Oh oh I can answer this one without watching a second of the video. Because the election wasn't legitimate.
Because it happens to many, not all!
There's lies, damn lies and then there's statistics.
If you're counting the months on a calendar than you could say 33% start with a one but then how do you account for the distribution of 2s and 3s?
I know our president is joe biden, lets just get that out of the way. I do have a number of questions that nobody seems to want to even look at and I think if we are to have any faith in the voting process those questions must be answered.
Using binary wouldn't likely give very interesting results (having only 2 values), but would doing this math in hexadecimal give better results than decimal?
15:58  that is, "Nullis in verba" (take no one's word) -- the Royal Society
Benford's law reminds me of the Zipf mystery
Chicago is known to have a large graveyard vote.  Seems odd to me that you pick a city with a long history of political corruption.  If you want to make a real test, use Manchester, New Hampshire and Lawrence, Kansas.
I love the fact check even after the admission that there was massive voter fraud(I mean reinforcement) by basically all left leaning groups
The way youtube pushed this video so hard in this little channel at the time is how they hacked and manipulated people's mind during election. You control flow you control everything. (propaganda+ propaganda)^n
"Why do Biden's votes not follow Benford's Law?" - well that is what happens when democRATS rig and steal an election.
The distribution of Bidens votes is a Weibull Distribution Normal Distributions are Weibull Distribution
Benfords  law is just an observation of some thiings that some people try toapply to other unrelated things.
Stolen election
Why even bother having a field called Quantitative Mathematics if they're just going to ignore expert scientific evidence of voter cheating?  I feel like my Highschool owes me an apology or something...
Seems kinda ironic to suggest this is an unbiased approach and use freaking Chicago for your data, the home of Barack Obama (Biden was Obama VP and Chicago has adoration for Obama) so I’m sure your data is unskewed there. Second it’s Chicago so it’s a shithole anyway.
One of the things I've learned, mainly by getting stuff wrong, is that there are always exceptions to a Law.  It mainly comes from how they are made. If you examine a problem, and use enough data to establish a recognisable code, pattern, behaviour, that can be stated and be true most of the time, Humans will make the assumption it's true all of the time. It also comes from seeing how free Humans are to make assumptions, and build them so firmly into their beliefs that they become truth, with all the disappointments and disasters that behaviour brings. Finally, I realise - having been diagnosed with ACE (abused as a child, never learned how to think, learn, or relate to data) - that most of what I "know" is only true for my perception. I don't see the world, I see what my perception allows. And that, maths and all, is scary.  I'd like to say thank you. I have now met two mathematicians, of staggering competence, who allowed me to engage in their view of the world. The other - probably passed by now - is/was Steven Wright, who taught me when I was 13-14 years old. I just don't access mathematics well. He taught me that was okay, and showed my how arithmetic is almost as powerful. Until I recently had a breakdown into PTSD symptoms I was able to cast surprisingly large tables of figures - mental arithmetic in extremis. I wish you well.
ironically, when applying Benford's Law to the Benford's Distribution, it does not match Benford's Law.
Try it with different counting systems, binary, ternary, etc could get 'better' results for smaller datasamples
Comments: *mad republicans* Europeans: "haha funny hamburger country mad lol"
You can't qualify a "law" with just one example.
A sad attempt to legitimate the theft of the 2020 US Presidential election.  Brandon did not win.  the sino-soros globalist cabal hijacked the process and put that stooge in office.  I generally like your videos but, I think you are smart enough to know what happened and that makes me think you are misleading people on purpose.  Very sad.
looks like it follows ziph's law
Such a bad explanation
Obviously, because the blue graph is a HUGE middle finger. DUH!
“Why doesn’t Biden’s election results follow Benford’s law?” Because all the passed-away victims of COVID voted for him.
Youtube and their ridiculous footers...
Benford's Suitcase
note to self: when making up numbers, keep an excel file
People will probably be more concerned that Matt uses singular they/their as gender neutral pronouns rather than the math(s).
The takeaway: if you discover an anomoly, you actually have to investigate the source of said anomoly before you can accurately say you know its cause.
I thought he was gonna say "Well it's chicago" and then end the video
This is the guy who challenged the conception of "I'm not gonna use math class in real life"
I liked the sound effects, and loved how you had impartially and truly showed us to double check the data, anytime a discrepancy comes up
Recomended?
This is just stupid Non relevant topic to an absurd fact from just basic life Next step is to analyze binare code but the same law and call every Null digit being wrong
Try looking at COVID-19 infection rates
This channel is so awesome. Amazing work as always.
Where can we find Benford's Law analysis for 1) Trump's tax returns; 2) previous election results going back as far as Nixon
but whats the distribution of first digits in the benford distribution
This video is amazing. I love how you show us something might be wrong when in fact that same wrong-ness turns out to be precisely what we should be expecting, because we can look at the data in a different way. I usually don't do statistics, so that's why I find it surprising, but nonetheless I will keep that in mind for the future.
I’ve gotta say, I was assuming this was a wacky conspiracy video for as long as I’ve been seeing the thumbnail. I’m glad to see that it isn’t and to get a neat stats lesson in the process.
I think it would be fascinating to count the votes separately with respect to the time they were cast. For example, count the votes cast before August 31, during the month of September, during October, and in November. I would expect to see some dramatic shifts, and it would be fun to compare the totals of each of these separate counts. I am quite certain, however, that the exercise is impossible due to the lack of information regarding when any given vote was mailed in.
Hm
You forgot to mention all the votes, that came "via mail".
Hey, did you ever see the article about how the center of our galaxy AND its supermassive "black hole" both moved about 3 degrees in the sky?
0:05:35 or fixed ranking of deductions and other things   the IRS allowed you to hold out $X for medical and $Y for education and $Z for entertainment and other things.    The punchline is that the variations from Benfords' in those two charts is an oppositional order of magnitude following a sinusoidal.  In a doctrinally fair and balanced election management a clear violation of Benfords' law would indicate either total corruption or criminal incompetence.
2000 mules
Maybe because his votes were forged.
Yeah, riiight... Not stolen at all. Keep coping
Bidens votes didn't follow Benford's law, because you had a president at the time who did not follow constitutional law of this country.
Biden is Democrat that's why
Oof, this aged poorly.  Fewer people now believe Brandon was elected than did back then.
You quote that benfords is problematic at best for that purpose early in, but.. Who are you quoting?
Bullshit
I am sure these comments will be very reasonable and coherent
problem right from get go how does a vote count as 1 or 10
Not a math wiz here, but couldn't theoretically with your last data outlier of trumps number value being lower, could that still be an argument in favor of trump. Yet again I am not a math wiz and not trying to pose an argument in the face of biasy, but the data that you see from trump could lead to maybe votes not being counted in malicious intent.
Why did the Trump votes follow benfords law then?
17:05 Just got here by the algorithm of YT and noticed I have your book xd
I really like that you compared side by side the digit pairs of pi with the last two digits of Biden votes. A very clever way to impartially show the expected variation at that sample size. Without that comparison, people surely would be looking for patterns in the noise, which as we know is a dangerous thing.
Just math and no politics—the way it should be.
You quote a partisan and THAT becomes evidence?  How about a brush up video on logical fallacies? Might want to check it out.  As for proof, this video itself is proof that a British accent does not convert a dumbass into an intelligent being.
Yes the brit will know what he's talking about in american politics stchupid
Thats great and all. now how about the 128,000 vote jump which is a power of 2 times 10 to the 3rd. That is very very very suspicious. all for Biden. other reporting was mixed. A huge chunk of voting machines have been hacked in 7 mintues flat, and those same machines were used in the election, as well as connected to the internet.
Illegitimate Regime.
that BOPPING intro for maths and election data LETSGOOO
I would assume that the loser would have more higher-value numbers with 1, especially in a blow-out election: ie: 1x,xxxx vs 2x,xxxx. That is why they lost. (This might or might not be relevant for this election...)
This was very interesting! Thank you for the statistical analysis!
I was expecting this video to validate my biases
Can you check Wisconsin votes too
anyone: *mentions US politics* Americans: *w r o n g*
You only quoted sources that reword your thesis. I dont understand how you claim it doesnt apply? Also, i dont understand how is it forensically a good tool in some scenarios and not others. Enron is a perfect example of this. How is it valid and apparent in many fields but not elections? I dont understand how do you explain many other counties where JB and DT's votes both follow the distribution.
Do you use R for these videos? Excellent info!
Matt, I appreciate your use of ‘they’ as a singular pronoun. Is it intentional?
This seems sorta zipfy…
Putting your best possible argument is not the same thing as indulging in rank sophistry, which is what the Benford's Law argument is, and what most politically motivated arguments are. When you *start* the investigative process with the outcome you want pre-determined, of course you're going to ignore evidence which contradicts the outcome you want, and fixate on evidence which confirms your bias. The pervasiveness of this approach, from academia to media to politics and beyond is how we're producing this insanely divisive environment, where everyone's logic is suspect, as we continue to inform our debates with ideology before facts.
Benford's law is a sniff test, if it's pretty likely that if data follows the law it's likely to be real, but failing the test doesn't make it fake
Why did you choose to look at Chicago? Why not look at an actual contested area of the country?
no subtitles :(
good video overall! But, I found the transitions very jarring, they are too loud and disrupt the video heavily
I'm confused. Lead digit of what?
Stop being reasonable and analytical wtf.
I honestly doubt that any trump supporters have ever even heard of benfords law
How you apply Benford's Law for votes? How to turn vote to number?
It's funny to see that for every rounded spike, there is a dip in front of it. Does this indicate that most people rounded down? ;)
Well, this aged well.
Everybody knows Biden didn't win fairly because of the delays and mail voting, but people denying that mathematical evidence doesn't apply is good evidence, as well.
It was released on my birthday!!!😄
Both candidates faked votes. Vermin Supreme is the true winner.
Technically the digits of PI is not random, because we can 'storage' his digits in a compact way. I would love a video talking about randomness.
Freaking tower - LOL'd at math. Who would imagine.
Also like the casual insinuation that Chicago of all places didn’t actually boye Biden lmao
I always find it an interesting human trait of utilizing data, or our own logic basically, but only as far as it suits our purposes, and then stopping there.   It's hard, but we have to stay on the bus to Truth even as it sometimes speeds past our favorite 'streets' where we, personally, would like the bus to stop.
Sooo. Up front there were specific precincts where most people voted for trump but most places voted elsewhere?¿
Stats of what lol
Compared to Bidens normal distribution, Trumps vote counts are best described by a Poisson distribution, which is a pretty sophistacated roundabout way of saying, that Trump just ain't popular in Chigago.
Typical, a mathematician with a leftist bias, what a surprise. These academics with their sciences, social policies and measured responses, what's next, you're going to claim Obama is American?
the only thing i really learned was use a random number gen for filing false tax returns :)
Trump won :)
I bought 2 bags of cereal a carton of milk and ground turkey. It was exactly $15 including tax explain that.   Plus I asked if I won a prize and I hadn’t.
Actually it's a big and strange statement to say Biden's is actually normal (9:14). There is a clear asymmetry to the right
2:13 it seems like common sense to me 1 is most common because its the lowest number and 9 is the least common because its higher
Politicians have agendas? Nobody in politics understands math? I'm shocked.
Thanks for making this not clickbait after 45 seconds
Now do it in different cities and counties instead of just Chicago where Biden was the favorite to win anyways. Like Arizona? Come on
In what sense do you mean that the digits of pi are 'random'?
anyone  else here at 2:30am knowing they should be in bed, yet can;t stop watching this series?
Can't you assign each number a new number to make it span over several magnitures? E g 1 is 1, 10 is 100, 100 is 10,000 etc.
“Basically a normal distribution”  I politely disagree. This looks more like a log-normal distribution.
Let's go Brandon!!!
I am shocked that ANY data complied and used to tabulate Trump's Benford's Law results had ANYTHING to do with a number.
But 100% of numbers start with an infinite number of lead zeros! X-D
This data is so fun compared to our elections in Russia. Hi from autocracy btw (:
I love that you tried for American Politics Lighting with the red and blue, but it combined into purple and you ended up with Bisexual Lighting instead :)
14:06 nald trump
Hmmm I think he was pushing his own agenda for the last 15-30 seconds ;)
Claiming your breakfast expense when ON YOUR WAY TO WORK should be allowed! You’re literally on your way to work!
Him: oh people are talking about this math thing I’ll use it as an excuse to teach people (Some) People in the comments: wow can’t believe your forcing your liberal agenda can’t trust him
could you change the base from base 10 to a different base to show the order of magnitude is a little more distributed.
FACT: 87.39% of statistics are made up on the spot!
I just realized that when you're looking at the last two digits of the Trump votes, you're just getting a Benford's Law distribution again! This makes sense (sort of) because of what Matt said about the precinct vote numbers.
LOL what nonsense! Your argument is that his numbers per precinct were 3 digit numbers so of course no Bedford distribution. WRONG! Bedford holds true for 3 digit numbers.
That at the end was the cheekiest way of self-promotion I've seen in a while :D
Weird that no dates start with 4 or 5
It's common for votes to not follow benfords law. Why? Because people lie about who they are voting for. So you go to the south everyone in the family is a GOP, and then all of a sudden why is there votes for blue? Someone is not following the pattern.
if you want to have some fun take a look at ANY recent russian election statistics. Sergey Shpilkin provides a nice data analysis on each election. Spoiler: Benford's Law doesn't hold there. So as any other law :)
I think it's so funny to think that someone would look at that distribution and think that Biden fraudulently won chicago because there would be no chance for Trump to even come close to winning in Chicago
I think it will be nice to see the graph for Biden's results but not in base 10, rather in base 16. Will it then satisfy Benford's law?
Explain f curve? Please??
Why would I elect ions?
Would it be possible to change the base of the number to widen the number of digits and still see something akin to this law?
Yes, I think we should Elect Ion Data. Mr. Data sounds like a great candidate.
Could you take the numbers, convert them into a smaller base and expect to get more fitting data? Is there any use to this?
In other words people trying to spin a narrative use a misleading tool to convince those who do not understand the nuances of the law that something nefarious was up
Trump is a looser. 😉
Lol wow. Blinded by your own rationalization. Maybe explain why the law applies to so many historical elections… Hrm… I wonder why you skipped that?
Trump didn't even make it to the 50 second mark. :(
It's kind of scary to see lunatics attempt to use math to legitimize overthrowing a democracy.
What I’m taking away from this video is that if you want to fake a five-digit number, just change the third digit and nobody will catch you.
I can’t believe I College I got a B+ in Statistics why I get this and everything else like Calculus I freaked my pants lolololol
Well obviously you forgot to factor in Brandon's Law
why cant all news/political analysts be this objective and non-biased
Benford's Law applies to every bacteria, ant, star or random amount in the unverse, except Biden's votes.
12:10 honestly, on the way to work is “on the road for work purposes”… they deserved their breakfast
No way this is honest! You probably have an agenda you are trying to push!  Translation: Awesome video, thank you!
That's an aweful lot of explaining to pretend that Biden's election was legit.
Can someone explain why the randomness of the last two digits would even make sense in this data? (Mathematicians only please. Serious question) The final two digits are not absolutely random as in order for those last two digits to be produced, they must traverse a sequential increment such that in order to get to a high number, you must always pass through the lower numbers. This is completely different than the last two digits of prices where in order to charge $1.99 for an item, there was never a previous state where it could have been $1.98. Thus, the data in the Red chart actually makes more sense
Voters really got what they voted for that’s for sure 😂😂.
what about Afghanistan
Now do it again with the county tallies as the batches.
Only in America people go out to buy a coffee and a muffin and the total ends in 82 cents.
If you think the comments are all civilised, filter by newest first and look again.
Can Benford's law be applied to the first digit after a decimal point?
another sellout
"data" is plural. . . . i.e.  "That datum", "Those data"
So just a question with no underlying intent here. If 98.7% of the precincts had 3-digit vote totals, shouldn't Trump's numbers have a distribution more similar to Biden's? Just shifted to the left a little since Biden was favored in Chicago? Why does one candidate's graph follow Benford's Law but the other doesn't?
So, the lesson here is: cheaters, generate your supposedly random numbers with dice or a computer; don't try to do it yourself because you'll end up putting all 40s.
Such a good video.  Thanks
Besides the Benfords law, Biden is exactly what I expected the most popular president to look like .
This is the first time I’ve heard of Benfords law. Very interesting and well made video, but I would love to see an analysis of one of the states that were in question like Georgia, Arizona, Wisconsin, or Michigan. Chicago is almost always a blue state so all of the data makes since here., but they didn’t have an overwhelming vote dump after they told everyone to go home like the states I mentioned. I wonder if their last two digits were random…
"...will not be 1 or 2 but rather 4, 5 or 6. This is exactly what we are looking at here."  Don't mean to be rude, but Bidens 3 spike has more than 5 and 6 combined. It's not "EXACTLY" to be more precise.  Could the left-leaning Biden Spike towards 3 be probably caused by some 75% Biden average out of 500 something average precinct ?   "Trump's Tower" could possibly simply follow Benfords Law favouring 1 and 2 because in 70% precincts he got two digit number (which also makes the last two digits ok) and in the rest apparently 1 or 3 digit number?    Moral of this story: "Verify what people are saying, they probably have an agenda their trying to push".
I mean maybe, but when a set of data doesn't follow a law as consistently observed as benford's it comes across as disingenuous to hand wave it away like this. Trump is an awful person, I voted for Biden, but this is bad science of the highest order.
How much did he enjoy getting to call that the 'Trump Tower'? lol
as soon as you brought up the "trump tower" graph i knew what was going on and laughed out loud. "it's because he didn't get above 2 digits in most precincts! he got 30/40/50's in most places!"
"If you're having trouble knowing weather you're for me or Trump, then you ain't black" is that statistically accurate? What does the Maths say??
If you refuse to believe in science or math or facts, you can draw some amazing conclusions
So Benford's law didn't really prove anything about the 2020 election, fine. But We all know the election was 'fortified' (Time Mag) and Trump really won. Every black I know switched from Democrat to Republican in 2020 and many others I know who voted D previously went for Trump. Nobody I know went from R to D, though I know a couple who stayed D.
Can be used as to calculate the decreasing information and news coverage of hunter Biden
When youtubers learn pandas this is what happens
I love the Trump tower bit
Hey mate, can you do this same video but on the gamestop/amc meme stocks? There's a LOT of concern they are being heavily manipulated right now, and a review of their activity would go a long way in good confirming / disproving that hypothesis
Trump won
If anything it proves that Trump voters are Zealots and they're in clusters
very cool, also im expecting to see very political comments
Let's say you were/are right ? Then what is the probability of the following Person  = Votes for A Person = Votes for B Total votes = 2 Outcome A gets 0.8 B gets 2.2 This is what happened then. Make another video trying to defend the opposite like you have done with Benford's Law
What is the intro outro Song? I would love to play it on bass guitar. My skills are not good enough to hear it 😀
Nice video, but I think it is really horrifying how easily people accept scientific/mathematical "proofs" which they do not even understand as long as they "support" their own opinion. I myself only learned critical thought at university studying for my degree in engineering, but shouldn't this be a skill tought in school?
Math doesn’t lie to you, but it will help you lie to yourself if you’re seeking an answer rather than the answer.
What a fun watch that was. Thanks a lot for explaining rather difficult things in a way that average Joe (not Biden) understands.
10:20 well that makes trumps data look fishy
When the data are all the same order of magnitude, analysing the first digit is just a way of determining which numbers are bigger.
Nice video! Some remark: around 9:00: this is certainly not a Gaussian distribution as it is strictly positive (x-axis). It rather matches nicely a Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution. E.g. a distribution of distances is also mostly Maxwell-Boltzmann because distances are naturally above zero. Thus, although every Gaussian is a bellcurve, not every bellcurve is a Gaussian ;-)
I’ll be honest I HD to look up orders of magnitude and pause at a few points, but I understand the law now :) thanks for the vid
I guessed right for the reason there was a trump tower! :D
I wondered why this topic and voice was so familiar then he pulled out the book I had audio version of. haha
This is something I intuitively thought. The range and distribution of the numbers matter. This "law" is merely a pattern you can expect with a large set of numbers of a specific range and distribution. Small range, uneven distribution or small sets of numbers wouldn't show this pattern.
1) There is a saying in scientific community about data processing: garbage in - garbage out. You took officially published numbers, what means they have been manipulated by those who stole the last election. Your source is as credible as a chat room. 2) There are other very interesting statistics out there: like how many times a sitting president got re-elected after winning certain states; or the relationship between the popular vote and the electoral vote. This is a simple task for a four-layer neural network: feed all 45 election factors into it and analyze the 46th. 3) Matt, you may be a very good mathematician, but stay away from politics, because only five months after publishing your video there are tens or hundreds of thousands of people suffering from the policies of the one you are rooting for in this video. You do not want to be an accomplice, do you?
uno reverse card. kek
Uff, just looking at the downvotes I get the impression that some people really don't like math
The measuring tape and date examples weren't good. This is because the probability for every date is equal. The measuring tape is only 2 meters, so there is no chance of a 3 digit number with leading digit 2-9(other than exactly 2 meters). Benford's law is based on the fact that these numbers naturally have some distribution that makes the probability of a 1 as the leading digit higher. For example, if we assume that populations have an exponential growth with x(t+1) = 1.05x(t), we can clearly see that if a population has a number of people with leading digit 1, there are many more periods where the leading digit stays 1, than a population with leading digit 9 where it only stays 9 for a maximum of 2 more periods.
Deepanshu to the caption statement is because those are not words but fake numbers phone to fool the public........... courtesy of the chinese government.
Conclusion- America should use EVM for voting
Thanks YouTube for letting me know that an unbiased statistical analysis is misinformation....
Surprisingly large number of books on his shelves match those on mine. And that's just the ones I could make out.
The video transition sounds are obnoxiously loud, otherwise the videos awesome!
Who dislikes this video? For real tho, who does that? You didn't like what the numbers have to say because your politician lost?
This video has over 7,000 dislikes... what?
Wouldn't Benfords law also be problematic for two sets of data which are highly correlated?
Not sure why people are saying Trump would be mad at this. It could lead down a path to prove votes were switched, which is a widely held theory.
Get a closer look at Benford's Law. Its not a statement, its a law, for a reason. Dont watch this guy, he doesn't know what hes talking about.  You can also say that Biden debunked Benford. That's possible. But not quite.
Now do Putin's election results!
Well duh of course? Every month starts with a 1 or first???? I’m confused....
Great video, I am wondering if most of data have very few digits (for example, only 2 digits), can we convert it to binary to extend the number of effective digits for our test?
Is Benford's law related to Zipf's law?
Funny how trumpets ignore all of science but when it fits their QANON conspiracies ... they’re on board ... most of them barely know how to write their own name or hire a lawyer to get out of treason charges ... but jump into the ‘expert mathematician’ category for this one
Solid point about the 3 digit average for votes in the precincts.  Wonder what it would look like with per county and 4-5 digit sets
So it's not so much that the middle is higher on interest expense claims, but that the left-hand side is much lower?
Haha the assumption that a Trump supporter who believes in conspiracy theories would be smart enough to figure out how to plot 2000-something pairs of digits in pi is cute.
Have you tried to compair the corona numbers with this?
Just clicking on this video I can hear the neckbeards who have just magically turned into mathematicians sweating on their keyboards
How does this relate to Zipf’s Law?
Gotta love CommunistTube's election tag, if they say it then it MUST be true.
Such a good final message
Why does the cover of your book change based on the continent?
What's the name of the ending music? I love it.
Sorry, european over here, but what the hell is up with all of these numbers? Does it have to do with the whole weighted state votes or something?
It looks as though Trumps vote range did span a decade or two,from close to 1 to close well over 100, and may explain the first digits being close to the Benford distribution
Do an analysis on how you have over 7k dislikes, yet can't find any negative comments...
So Biden and Dream have something in common...
People voting straight down the Republican ballot, but more Biden votes... Hmmm...
After Trump had a solid lead, they just stopped counting in battleground states, kicked republicans out, then continued to count with only Biden magical mail in votes coming in... Hmmm... Don't need no math data analysis...
Election was stolen, period!
Nonsense, doesn't convincing at all.
The one thing I don't understand is why he used Chicago as his example when it wasn't one of the cities/states in question. Nonetheless, it was an informative video.
7.6k dislikes xD
I'm confident the comments are reasonable and civilized
As a US CPA, my response to Benford's law is....no comment.  But for a nominal fee, I can provide forensic accounting expertise.
really good video. It'd be nice to see the plotted axis names to follow more easily : )
I usually sit independently, but raised eyebrows with the results of the elections, especially when more right leaning  sources supplied their interpretation of the data.  However, with this breakdown and application of benford's, I can say this does cast doubt on the specific claims. If claims could be heard, then thoroughly tested like this, I bet a lot more people could be persuaded into a more middle ground
I would love to see if there was some funny business with votes in red states.
I think it's interesting that Trumps spikes are in the beginning... and then all of the sudden, his numbers go way down and Biden's go way up. Lolol... Nice try though. ;) Genius!
1:58 Let's not get distracted that there are 1000π counties in the US
I'm curious, could a version of Benford's Law be used in different bases to usefully the appearance of first digits within a single base 10 order of magnitude? For example if we're working in base 3, there's 3 orders of magnitude from the numbers 1 to 10 (in base 10), so intuitively you'd get more 1's than 2's in the first digit since 6 out of the 10 numbers start with a 1 (1=1, 3=10, 4=11, 5=12, 9=100, 10=101, writing in base 10 on the left and base 3 on the right of the equal sign). Of course having less digits to choose from makes Benford's Law less useful, but I'm curious how much the result holds.
You are just like me.... I always win when I debate myself.
Which Book title is latest version in USA Kindle:  Humble Pie: A Comedy of Math Errors or Humble Pie: When Math Goes Wrong in the Real World.   ?  I want to be sure to purchase the latest edition.  Thank you.
How is it statistically valid for vote "irregularities" to only benefit one candidate? For example, a bunch of votes arrive and they are 98-100% for one candidate.
Aside from the issues you've already addressed, wouldn't adding and/or subtracting X from the results give sums that are equally random?
Follow project veritas
Does Dominion machines account for any of this and in Chicago they stopped counting on election night with Trump in the lead and resumed in the morning with Biden leading. From then on the numbers due to mail in votes came in consistently for Biden.  How does Benfords law apply election night compared to after election night? If you take the entire 5 days from the election and add them all together it's gonna show something different then adding up the numbers daily and comparing each day.
How did Biden lose 18/19 bellweather counties and still be president? Never happens. Obama won 18/19, so did Trump.
Ok, but weird how Benford’s law suddenly appears at the end of 5 swing state wins for Biden. That doesn’t raise an obvious red flag for anyone?
So, you have shown us, this formula didn't  work well in Chicago.  👍
I think Benford law doesn't care about magnitude of data span but the size of dataset. If a value grows gradually and we sample it at random time, the collected data follow Benford law. There were massive ballot dumps causing sharp jump in Biden's vote numbers. that's the reason his plot doesn't follow Benford law.
7:45 >states how benfords law doesn’t apply due to total precinct votes  “Precincts with three-digit vote totals make up 98.7%” >doesn’t follow several order of magnitude 10:05 13:04 (Will continue to edit)
Perfect video for the topic! Very clearly explained and politically-neutral enough that I can send it to people who think the election was stolen from Trump without them immediately clicking away.
I found that other election candidates also build towers between 1 and 9 while Trump's tower built among 10 and 99.  Because 64.98% of Trump's votes are below 100 while other candidates get almost below 10 votes. When the number of votes between 1 and 99, the last two digits are the same as the first two digits which obeys Benford's law. As a result, the uniform distribution of the last two digits is mixed with the distribution of the first two digits.
Almost always (70 - 90%) find "expert" claims that people us to make an argument false or exaggerated!
Yes, YouTube, I know the electoral college confirmed Biden.
THANK YOU for putting the "twist" in the first minute to prevent misinformation for ppl who skim (as I sometimes do). Thank you.
Politicians have been cheating at the elections forever..... Canadian métis living it in Canada....
it's too bad we're all too nerdy to fight lol, math nerds 🍍
A fair point to make is that a good majority of districts where Trump won are rural areas with few voters, whereas a good majority of districts where Biden won are urban areas. Not all in either case - there are urban areas where Trump won and rural areas where Biden won - but it would explain Trump's spikes as much as it accounts for Biden's shift on the Benford distribution.
Youtube really going crazy out here with the leftist propaganda
Wow, this was really fun to watch!  Thank you for making this awesome video.
My sister got me Humble Pi for Christmas, and I had no idea it was you until I got to the end of this video!
Yay for the tools of Math and Logic.
A humble suggestion, you could follow up the "last 2 digits" example (Biden's is random and Trump's has a tower) with a "last 1 digit" example, showing that both are random in the last 1 digit analysis.  Since the 2 digit criteria was too large and Trump's vote totals too small for it to show a random distribution.
Fellow data geek here, this was a TEXTBOOK example of how an analyst approaches their work. Bravo, well done!
To the 7.6k dislikers: Maths don't care aboit your feelings.
So I had a thought about how you could potentially still apply a variation of benford's law to this problem given the lack of diversity in the data set, Would it be possible to convert the numbers first into a Modulous number system, and then sort for the first digits? going to a MOD 6 or MOD 8 system would increase this data set to span multiple magnitudes. your ending graph would have less entries on it, but theoretically would still follow the curve.
Today I learned something: Math is great for everything but if u dont understand your data, even math cant help u.
For the two graphs with Biden and Trump, what data values are the "first digits" referring to?
Not that i accuse you of this, but using PI to verify something is random, and arguing you use it because you do not want to use something that is found to prove your point is pretty bad logic, as if i have understood PI correctly is infinite, and within PI you can find absolutely any kind of repeating series of numbers that you want if you look long enough. Like, numbers when translated to words will spell out every human on earths lifestory- kind of infinite. (Of course if you adress this later in the video after me pausing and posting this, i've inteded no harm!)
I'm gonna take your word for it, Matt.
Could you pretend like the math actually agrees with the news channel that brainwashed me, and not the news channel that brainwashed people that I don’t like
fantastic video
Mostly great video, a bit confusing.  Please for the love of God label the axes of your graphs, and use a font that is readable in resolutions other than 4k. Up until halfway through the video I didn't know what "number" you were talking about, the number of total votes, the number of votes per state, the number of votes per county, the percentage of votes per state/county, I still don't know what number you were talking about in the example of taxes.   Otherwise really great video, very helpful and very well spoken
They had us in the first minute, not gonna lie.
I would like to see this analysis done in Detroit, Philadelphia, Atlanta or Las Vegas. Just to see if it plays out the same in the contested cities.
Gotta give love for the boxed Hoist in the background! Or is that Trailbreaker?
Even when the one guy who physically cannot get political still is getting hate comments making this political.  It’s not you, it’s us.
Bendford’s Law only applies to rampant voter suppression
Yes
POV: ur going newest first comments to see... those comments
So why not do this with Pennsylvania, or Michigan, or Georgia, why do it with one of the least controversial states?
If I count from 1 to 99, a million times, the odds of a number starting with a 1 is 10%. Same as 2, 3, 4, 5... Benford’s is not constant, nor is it applicable to much of anything. You simply see what you want to believe is there.
Thank you for your unbiased analysis of the data, very interesting!
You take the first digit of the vote total didn't make any sense to me. Surely that's just a single number. It took until 8:22 for me to get that the data was first digit of total votes for a candidate in each precinct. Confusing not to declare what the data we are looking at is up front.
I suppose in this way these tests would be at best a sort of litmus test.
This is a GREAT video. Thank you
Wow, actual data analysis. Imagine that!
Doesn't it follow Gauss graph though?
You are my new hero. Math and politics...
Really good video, well done!
Brilliant! Absolutely Brilliant!
Q: Does the iq of Capitol Raiders also follow Benfords law?  A: Nope. You will not even find a starting digit
Interesting stuff but the "thumbs up, liked" comes from the epic Jurassic Park VHS.
Now you take X.  Square it.  Then take the square root of X².  Now take that number and divide by 3.  Good!  Now we multiple by 3...and we're back to where we started; Biden is the 46th President😎🤙
I voted for trump but it is very comforting to see this analysis come out clean.
I thought this was gonna be a very different video, but by golly this was really great. Keep up the good work!
how does this even relate to elections like proportions of first digits but of what numbers...
Fact check: Benford's Law is not a proof. It's an indicator. Investigation must follow and produce valid, provable evidence.
He picked Chicago?  they didn't have to fix the vote in that town. it's a fore gone conclusion.
I would be interested to see your take from the mathematical perspective on past elections, either more normal ones or contested ones.
thanks for the nonpartisan view. Very interesting
Never heard of benford's law before, I think the video should clarify a little better what is meant by the "first digit" of the number (i.e. the most significant or the least significant digit, little endian or big endian convention.) But aside from that, after 3 minutes into the video it was fairly obvious what the law means and why election results don't follow the observation.
I think we all gotta understand. If there are 300 million people in america. It is possible for any candidate to get at most 300 million votes.
People only voted for him to “stop trump”
My own favorite distribution for confirming human behavior is the Zipf distribution, which is what Google used to compute their guesstimated number of "hits" in their searches. Zipf has an advantage over Benford's law in that it is much more directly diagnostic to show what is actually happening in the real world.
It’s only a law when it is a desired outcome, got it.
Why do you turn off auto-generated captions?
Biden stole this election
brilliant!! :-)
Not to get political, but people are idiots.
Next video in line How easy is to lie with statistics
It doesn't follow benfords law
Found my way here from cat videos. What have I done? Cheers though, cool video.
i still dont understand lol
He looks like Michael Palin from Monty Python
Trump rn:  >:(
Very interesting load of of bullshit .  thank you.  You should be ashamed of yourself. But of course dignity is not something you understand.
So basically, as usual, alt right either doesn't know how reality works, or they are willingly deceptive in how they describe it
Not being a mathematician, but the second round of data does also support Benfords law for Trump...But what you may have uncovered is the alleged manipulation by algorithms across in the machines. As the machines were allegedly counting votes in the decimal rather than whole number
@3:40 is the most important part of the video that you are looking for. Great video, just saving time for people that are looking for the answer to the question.
Guys stop commenting about wanting to see the comments then we won’t get to see the comments we really would like to
I don't understand why measurements from 0 to 1 meter also not "covering a range of magnitudes". So did you mean instead to say something like "centimeter  scale measurements from zero to 1000" ?
What he left unsaid is that the only reason Trump's vote totals appear to follow Benford's Law is because they were between 10~20 or 100~200 in most precincts. So it's a coincidental resemblance borne from how extremely bad the numbers are.  If he'd only lost somewhat in these areas, it'd look like a normal distribution. But nope, it was a blowout.
No no no. Hahaha.  Benfords thing (never owing to call this a law) is hilariously Wrong.  It’s the problem that base 10 math has. A non real distribution of digits, while we already know that math is base 3.  Findings of this sort presented by this video are hilarious.  Since the real distribution is even in base 3, all other findings are due to sampling error.  And that’s what this guy does s describing here. A common statistical error that you can test for.  As always, I highly recommend every single human read “how to lie with statistics.”  Republicans have a long and storied history of lying with statistics from arthur laffer (not capped because his name is mud) on down to the most recent nonesense.
Based off the graph i thought this was about the shape of their hands and fingers and that trump had an absurdly long pointer finger that i never noticed
Great video. On your last point, pushing an agenda using incorrect/false data analysis, especially when they know it's false but choose to ignore it, shouldn't be considered "fine".
Great Britain has to step in once again to explain the world to America
This is hilarious love it every minute of it LMFAO
Because the mail in votes were counted late ❤️😝😝
Guy makes complex statistical analysis look like algebra for beginners
I didn't see you factor in for the Global pandemic's effects on the election. lol
You almost had me changing to another the channel within 30 seconds. lol, Good video
Sorted by new in an attempt to find some very angry comments
Amazing video very masterful!
NO. Sit back down maths. I chose not to take you in grade 12 FOR A REASON
Makes sense why the district makeup would cause Biden's data to not follow Benford's Law, and that was a very good explanation on the discrepancy between both candidates on the final two digits, but why would Trump's data follow Benford's Law then? If they are both coming from the same districts with a limited range and standard deviation, then shouldn't you expect both candidates to get closer to a normal distribution?
No trump supporter will watch this and thats the problem......youtube, twitter are in the business in making money and so theres less retention if u make people watch something that disagrees with their feeling and thus is the issue.
Roast beef
I hate how people just drop stats completely out of context and entirely without analysis.
Huge defections from Turmp, and tons of new voters make this an atypical election.
Pp
You have to admit though, the thumbnail is quite misleading
Why does the Trump Tower look like Sauron's tower from Lord of the Rings?
BIG BLACK VOTES!!
How would those initial charts look if you used a 2 digit (binary) or 4 digit number system instead of the 10 digit decimal system?  You'd get more orders of magnitude. . . but maybe fewer digits tell you less?  If you're only option is 1s and 0s, maybe that's not enough for a revealing chart?
I've learned a ton in this video
Great video.
Math is hard.
I don't understand the days in a month example. Doesn't it contradict needing different magnitudes? Roughly speaking 33% of a month should have a leading 0, 33% a leading 1 and 33% a leading 2. So it has nothing to do with Benford's Law. Doesn't that law also need all digits to be used? Did I miss something?
maybe to avoid losing intellectual engagement, don't prime the audience with a result that they will likely have an emotional bias for/against right at the beginning of the video?
The Republic has fallen.
What? You mean that idiots who don't know math are spouting nonsense online?
What about plotting the last single digits
I like this guy
Trumpers must get very upset and click away after the first one minute of this video.
i was pretty surprised when my grandpa voted Biden. he would never have done that when he was alive.
Click bait. Shameful for a maths geek.
If anything  This video does show there was something very suspicious regarding trumps vote  It looks like Chicago could have been deleting or destroying trump votes
Mathematicians are deep state operatives /s
Benford's law means little when the zombie hordes rise to vote for Joe Biden.
What percentage of commenters here would not recognize a joke if it snuck up from behind and bit them on the arse?  My calculations say about 80%.
You could have also said that the fact that so many precincts had very few votes for Trump means that they do span across orders of magnitude, and that explains how they follows Benford's law better than Biden's.
Excellent stuff
You should actually have a look at the statistical anomalies of Trump's win in Florida, and how strange it is compared to the national result. In a state that is undoubtedly giving false coronavirus statistics, has it done the same with it's presidential ballot?
Sounds like a Brit is giving their opinion on US politics. We stopped caring about your opinion in 1776.
If you apply Benford's law on the prices of a market, you'll get 99% number nines
Mate, quit being a statistician and first start using common sense.  The example from Chicago is great but meaningless, in USA elections go thru electors not popular vote.  You should make that comparison first in Illinois.
Benford's law is so volatile, it gets affected even if the intention of vote is different from the actual vote. If I voted Biden only to get rid of 45 and really wanted to vote for Sanders, Benford's gets affected.
It's not just easy to lie with statistics, unfortunately it's easy to lie in general. Everyone has an agenda, even every news outlet, which is unfortunate if you just want the truth.
Run the random spikes in WI and MI thought a prompt out of a trillion and you won't be able to replicate those results. And if out of shear luck 1 of those 10 trillion replicates the result then fun the odds of 14,000 and 15,000 getting a 1/615 ratio and 1/257.   Then explain how there has been more votes counted then voters in key swing states by just enough to win the state and none of these have been invested or debunked as the media claims because the cases were feared to investigate by the Supreme court due to potential spark of riots / deaths and damages done by you know who. Also don't forget the medias censorship of the hunter Biden scandal called a " disinformation campion "./  " debunked ".
I did one statistics and probability course in my third semester of engineering. All I have ever been doing now is watching statistic videos.  I hate this subject. But I love it. Help.
I clicked on this video just for the comments
So I’m only 10 minutes in, but essentially his graph DOES follow the law, it’s only starting at 3 instead of 1 because he has a higher average? If I’m getting that right
So everything is explained away by saying that 200 different districts all basically voted the exact same and that states results explain all other states as well? Instead of just saying Benford's Law is explained away by itself being likened to the flip of a coin...Occam's razor man, you gave yourself away
Oh this is actually about math? 😬 Yikes
I still dont get wtf "first digit" means, first digit of the voters age? The precint's id? The id of the people voting?
"Benfords law is problematic at best"  So why bring it up?
this was deleted wtf
Conclusion: someone is an illegitimate winner.
Most areas were also heavily divided. You had either lots of  small areas where trump would win (which would explain why he follows the law) and Biden won in just about every large metropolitan area with you guessed it, large precincts.  Interesting video.
I love how you pointed out the importance of context in interpreting data! It's so often overlooked.
All the dislikes are from butthurt Trump supporters. Get rekt scrubs.
Here's another interesting statistical analysis. This video has a 10:1 like-to-dislike ratio. Now, while that is far from bad, given how informative and interesting the content is, it seems a little high. By itself, that ratio is somewhat suspect. Upon further analysis, you will realize that this video happens to expose Trump (along with his baseless claims) in a bad light. When you incorporate the fact that a significant percentage of his supporters are blind, stubborn, irrational, ideological f***ing morons who deny fact or reality if it defies their almighty God...you can safely assume that these same people account for the observed disparity. Thank you for your time.
Over 7k dislikes.... Certain people mad this didn't agree with their conspiracy theories.
If the government knows how much you owe them, Idk why the dont just tell us directly how much we owe them
When I am asked to pick a number between 1 and 10, I pick PI (3.1415.....).  Try it.
Um this "law" is based on in person voting and little mail in.  Each state counts them at different times, and there was a huge turnout.
Figures don't lie, but liars figure. Also, a smarmy english accent does not make you sound smart.  It only means no real American would bother with such dribble and some fake shyster had to be found to fool the populace. Ere ya go govna.  Table roun the farpla for a bit a raspin, eh?
He looks like Creed’s Scott Stapp
Because democrats don't obey the laws
Very enlightening and gives me an insight into how easy it is to make  misleading claims due to a lack of mathematical knowledge!
Thank you so much for uploading this video. It is helping me to get through the pandemic!
Masks PROTECT YOU and people around you!
For instance,  hold true for data sets of human heights, human weights and intellectual quotient (IQ) scores. Another example  be small insurance claims (e.g., between US $50 and US $100).    I bet there is no proof it works for Election results as well
Is it possible for you to make an anaylsis of past election graphs compared to the one in 2020?
Also if you look at youtube under Mailmen dumping out electoral votes,  then you will see  a bunch of mailmen dumping out the electoral votes,  I think a mailman even got arrested for it,  Did those votes get recovered and turned back in.  Please try to look this up and consider making a youtube video on this,  I can't make youtube video.  I think the Presidential Inaugeration should be postponed,   so they can straighten this out, or straighten it out now, so that Trump can be there to accept his rightful Presidency.  Please help by showing a bunch of mailmen doing this in the video so people can see this. Also did someone pay these mailmen to do this or is it just a coincedence,  that they all did the same thing.
trump won in a lot of places with very few people that might be why its mostly small digits for him
I was very concerned at the beginning lol
What is the Benford's Law for each states?  I heard it's not working only in key states....
For this law to even have a chance to work us couldn't use gerrymandering, they literally divide the voting areas as to manipulate the outcome is not even funny
You can easily simulate these data and demonstrate that the distributions of real-world data are perfectly reasonable.
Thank you for just getting right to the video.
3:40 tell me about it
13:28 bold of you to assume that pi is a normal number ;)
I’d like to see this done for Pennsylvania
I’d like to see this from the contested states not Chicago
Not to get political, but what the hell is a number?
Its from Chicago?  Well that explaines it.  Nothing to see here, move along.
I see....then you divide by CCP, carry the $400 million, and add a sars virus?
96% of statistics are false 48.6820619% have unnecessary precision and 69.69% of people automatically believe in them, especially if they have a funny number in them. Infact, funny numbers in statistics make them 420.69% more effective at convincing people to believe in them.
Reeeee this didn’t feed my delusion that trump won the presidency *RRRRREEEEEEEEEEEE*
I think the argument is more about how the data was gathered and whether that data was accurate. If votes were switched from A to B it would look like a normal election. Just a thought.
For the critical thinkers, why do Trump's and bidens graphs look the same for the 67 Pennsylvania counties as they do for the city of chicago?
Trump’s vote total is just the Eye of Sauron’s tower and you CANNOT convince me otherwise
Sketchy.
Excuse me but we don’t need your math and facts haha. Seriously though great video like always. Explained it in a way I actually understood.
Here come the fax checherzz
Probably because Benford wasn't very bright.
Do Fulton co
Great Video, loved the balanced analysis.
The problem is you didn't address the "last two digit" test with a look at significant digits.  If you have a 4 digit number the liklihood the last 2 digits are random is much higher than the "last 2 digits of a 2 digit number. "    Clearly the "insignificant digits" should be random, so adjust the process to check this hypothesis.  You go through all this effort and kick a field goal 1st and goal to go on the 1 yard line.
The greatest thing about statistics is it is cold. You can use these facts to argue either sides point, lol.
Thank You for a non biased look at this without going political.
"Joe biden has been confirmed as president elect" yes we know but we are allowed to speculate are we not.
Very interesting, thank you, reminds me of a lecture from a long time ago... 'lies, damned lies, and statistics'.
Plus you can't have 135% of a pie ;)
Its sounds crazy to me that one person can go to a café for months and always pay the same amount down to the cents... Here we have an inflation of 3% for month...
Thanx for the clairification, I'm guessing this is the model the right wing has touted as "proof"?
nothing like sorting youtube comments by recent to lose your faith in humanity
That was really informative and interesting
I had no idea about any of this. Thank you, for explaining everything so well.
So, in data of inconsistent magnitudes, Benford's law may be useful.  In data of similar magnitudes, the randomness of the last two digits may be more useful. Very interesting
Im sure the comments will be all perfectly reasonable and coherent discussion on the complete video.
Love this. You can tell any story you want with data .  Digging in an seeing more than 1 aspect of the data is where you start to be able to call out anomalies and ultimately see a holistic view . Well done !
7.4k morons couldn't understand the video
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
My favorite math fact concerns decks of cards.  If you shuffle a deck of cards, there is an extremely good chance that you will put those 52 cards in an order they have never been in before.  All of the dealers in Vegas, and every other person who has ever played cards, have barely scratched the surface of the number of combinations 52 cards can be put in.
Because it's not supposed to ya nuge. ;p
CHECK OUT THE NEW INFORMATION COMING OUT OF ITALY ON DOMINION!!! This is just what we need! May God protect our rightful President, Donald John Trump, and his entire team! 🙏🏻❤️🇺🇸❤️🙏🏻
Just a normal distribution lol
Why is it a law and not something else?
Benford's Law works for every presidential candidate except Joe Biden though. What about Bellweather counties...17 of 18 were Trump and no president has been elected losing more than 3 or more...Except Biden
I think I found a sensible reasoning behind why first-digit distribution seems like it should be random but isn't. I was thinking about Benford's Law in regards to a random number generator. And I couldn't imagine a scenario where a random number generator that goes from 1 to 99999 would follow Benford's Law.  And then it dawned on me that simply put, we don't get numbers in the real world randomly. All numbers of all things that we can count are indeed... well, counted. That means that they were 1 before they were 2, and they were 10 before they were 100.  If we were to count the number of cars registered in every country across the USA, those numbers may seem random, but they aren't. Because 600,000 cars don't just show up out of nowhere. Those cars are manually registered one at a time, and Benford's Law relies on the fact that those numbers have to grow, and will eventually be counted.
New Hot Word in 2021: Biden Curve
This came up on my feed, and I immediately thought, "You can't use Benford's Law for elections. That doesn't work." But I watched your video anyway, because I thought I'd figure out how to pick apart your math and assumptions.  I was surprised that this was an educational video, and not a propaganda one.  Thank you for a concise, and clearly-explained analysis. :D
The British cover looks better
Questions are the answer.  I don't know everything, but I'm trying to get there.
Benford’s law doesn’t work with elections.
Great video omg! I hate stats but this was interesting.
Redditors everywhere
Whom did Jeffrey Epstein vote for?
This works if you use a truly random sampling, equally, from both pools of voters.  For example, if you took the birthdates of voters for Trump and Biden, it'd probably follow Benford's Law.  Great video!
Please apply this exact study to Philadelphia and report results.
13:50 Ah yes; Proof by "It looks pretty much the same on this graph here, so QED :)". My favorite.
Trump losted already just give up stupid
7400 ppl failed at math so they decided to believe conspiracy theories and worship trump.
Ah yes, quote the Wikipedia page, which was changed about a week after the election to include a disclaimer about use in elections, and the removal of real world uses in other election
According to laws of aviation a Bee can not fly but a bee still flys.  According to Murphy's law anything bad that can will happen, there is always a chance of something bad happening but the bad thing does not always happen
are u say both biden and trump votes are being modified?
Is that a g1 takara rumble in the background?
Because his voters are smart and mailed their votes instead of going out to a crowd during a global pandemic
This guy did a terrible job of explaining the law relating to the election
liberal cuk
so Benfords law is just backwords math ?
thats pretty cool
Trump won. Your research is poor, much like your post.
Trying to find the video where you (I think it was you) talk about the vote counting and the theory that votes mysteriously spiked at 3 am and you compared it with Kansas' count over time. But that video is not on this channel.
Alternative Title: “Google Gods please accept my sacrifice of character and promote my humble Red Herring”
I tried to share this video with everybody
Thank you for your continuous fight for we the people you are the true American freedom justice and liberty for all no matter what color race or nationality you are for all Humanity
I'm curious to know how X and Y Will make crazy events and peeps
Classic case of seeing trees and not the forest. Stats have never proven anything.
So this law works for Trumps votes but not for Biden but there is a good reason?  Lol ok
Why don't Biden votes follow Benford's law? Because Biden believes he's above the law.
Can you run the same analysis for Philadelphia, Milwaukee, and Atlanta?  Those are the states suspected to have the anomalies.
Great video!!!
Cheating, Crooks, Communism? You can pick one or more of you like
I find this very exiting but. I must admit I don’t fully understand it
Mr. President, We Found Them, Sir. @
I’m kinda stuck at the basics. What is the “1” that is being represented in the Biden v Trump graphs?
If I recall correcyly, this law is only really a tool for detecting funky accounting, and even then it isn't proof.
*now explain how there were more people who voted than there were registered to in specific districts
Unfortunately, Team Trump doesn't subscribe to math channels
Can we get him to analyze Dream's data? We need a real statistician, not some bootleg "astrophysicist." /s
So. Math is a bit hard for me when it comes to this sort of thing. What is he saying exactly? Stats was my worst subject in college.
how much did you got paid for this?
The world supports Trump. Not politicians, but ordinary people.. Maybe americans dont know this..  Look up #CNNRAW btw
If you take away the illigal votes..? Then you can do your math.. January 6th. The great awakening of the people...
Biden is more popular than Obama nothing to see here folks.
Huh i just called it "the stairs method"
Good job
Paid actor by the deep state obviously
Apply the Benford to counties and not districts. There might be a different result where state sizes are in the not according to the population.
Bentons law, Nah, Regarding the Dominion voting system/Machines Biden occupies a Plunks Distance.
Least we forget statistics can always be cooked to support any desired results. Statistically speaking statisticians are generally considered to be con men.
what it showing is where people are rich they vote for trump and if they are minorities they don''t.  And rich people live togther as do poor people
Obviously, very few Trump voters in Chicago. Honest or otherwise.
Evidence based on Benfords law has been admitted in criminal cases at the federal,state and local levels.Got that off wikipedia.
7.3k downvotes are trump supporters
Why don't you address the precincts that had over 90% Biden which is an impossibility in any other election
Especially when you're a far left wing nut like I am
Becouse it was a lie 🙂
Typical educated fool with no common sense!
I heard Biden's votes don't follow the law because select swing states stopped counting their votes, all within 90 minutes of each other, while the rest of the country continued counting theirs throughout the night like normal. When these swing states resumed counting, Trump's lead had evaporated. I don't need a hundred thousand dollars in student debt to recognize that something shady very likely took place.
Congrats on the gold medal in mental gymnastics..
Noise
Biden could only WISH he could get 80 million votes
TRUMP WINS
If you have to explain something in such convoluted way, you hiding something, like an election frod.
The question is easily answered - the United States just had a coup d'état.  The United States just had their republic overthrown.  That's why it doesn't follow Benford's law.
So who was he quoting in the beginning?  I didn't catch the source of the quote.
Nothing to see here sheeple, move along now
I'm confused so whatever you are saying must be right... 🙄
Biden did really well, he did so well he got more votes than voters.  Benfords law should be ignored, so should the video evidence, and the sworn affidavits.
This was fascinating. But, I do wonder, does the fact that votes were broken into decimal points in the systems, have something to do with this? There's sworn testimony saying Trump votes were valued at .87 of 1 and Biden was a 1.13 per 1. I don't know if it was or wasn't, but, I'm curious how this all plays together!
👍👍👍👍👍👍
Because there not ligutanent
Little bit of wonkiness in there where you use the data's conclusion to claim that the data is what we would expect based on the "fact" that the conclusion that can only be drawn from the data is indeed a "fact", whilst you have two measures (though as you pointed out, one is far less effective of an indicator) that indicate a likelihood that the votes WERE skewed downward for one candidate, which happens to be the one that you claim factually is not the favorite, because the data shows that, even though the data is the thing in contention... hopefully you see the issue there. Solid maths, though, very informative, just take out your biases when/where you can.
15:25 Isn't this evidence of gerrymandering?
Circle logics from one which should know better.
If the vote distribution aligns in chicago as you've described, why does the same pattern not emerge with trumps votes? Also, would it not be an anomaly that near every citizen in each district had their votes match up correlating to their district almost as if someone just plugged that distribution into the voter software? There are flaws in your argument, almost dominion voter software sized patches of missing data
do the video about the math nerd and the sheep
https://youtu.be/WExMnjVKu44
Another statistic gymnastics. Chinese contortion Master.
Joe won like 30% of the counties that Obama did in 2008, but the democrats want you to believe he got 80 million votes, out performing Obama by miles? And he didn't even campaign for those votes. You don't need Benford's Law to figure out that ALL 80 million voters moved to counties that Biden won. Hold on, that would mean those counties would have more than tripled their population. See... its so easy.. just make everyone move house...
14:10 nothing to see there, it's just Barad-dûr.
as a physics student i appreciate the “mathematical methods in physical science” by Boas in the back, if my eyes aren’t playing tricks on me!
Makes sense but combined with the issue of there having already been a discovery of votes being switched, either by accident or on purpose, we cannot simply chalk this up to mathematical probability.
The thing I love about this is that if you even ask the most basic question: ok there’s something weird here, why did this happen? the whole argument disintegrates instantly. Trump’s legal team is made of rice paper.  But I guess that is all you can get when you go around telling everyone that science is not real.
Ok, then can u pls check something else. Why there is a discrepancy between the votes for Biden and the votes for the Democrat senator ? From what i have read the numbers for the Dem senator are in line with the Benford's law. I would say that the numbers for Biden and the numbers for the Dem candidate for senate should be roughly the same no ? yet they are not.
Benfords Law doesn't apply to Democrats. Math is racist.
I think instead of censoring everything, allowing free discussion of topics like this should be allowed in youtube, facebook, etc., and eventually truth like this will reach everybody faster.
This dude is no expert .
If math don't prove that Trump has won, it's fake math. Use alternative math for better results.
Compare this elections results from every other election in US history.
i refuse to common sense in favor of your so called expertise. if chicago is such a poor example due to its small numbers, why did you use it?
Biden is way more populair then Obama.  Hahaha SURE!!
dont let ttump's legal team see this, they'll think this law is a legally enforcable one
Isnt that because more people voted early and on the day of election.
Adding a Happy Holidays for the YT algorithm.  Noice.
Does Benford's last hold without regard to units or number base?  If so then it would be interesting to see how (why) that works while applying multipliers and changing the base.
I am never voted for Joe biden at all 2⃣0⃣2⃣0⃣
Stats don't violate Disney's oligarchy.  This is one of the last channels I can view for honest commentary.  Thanks.
Digging the 4th Doctor scarf colours.
As a Chicagoan who voted for Biden, never thought I'd have a cameo in a Stand-Up Maths video! Sure I'm just a data point but it counts!!
Garbage in, Garbage out.
How much are they paying you to be an establishment shill?
the way i see it...still no actual evidence..
fun fact 97% of statistics are made up on the spot.
Excellent video and description of the Benford curve.  Data was examined from 269 precincts in Chicago, Illinois.  There were 13 battleground states, and Illinois was not one of them. There were five battleground states in question (and again Illinois was not one of them).  I would really like to see the data discussed in the context of the crucial battleground states.  Examining Chicago is okay, but it would be more meaningful if we looked at each battleground state.
_“problematic”_ Ah. I know where the dislikes are coming from.
Can't recheck what you can't count. "28% of Detroit precincts cannot be recounted." Secretary of State Benson
Because we Biden voters are lawless, so we don't follow Benford's law. :P
My city with votes for trump doesn’t follow Benford’s law... Cherry-pick data as well
You didn't explain what Benford's Law is, how it works and what it does/shows half as well as you think you did (if at all). This video was just really confusing. Leading digits? Leading digits of what?
Because Communists cheaters are a law unto themselves?
One thing I noticed while looking at the election map is that nearly all areas that are blue are urban and suburban areas while the red areas are mostly rural and a few suburban. And this is true for nearly every state, if you look at the election map in all but 2 states the largest city voted for Biden while the rest of the state voted Trump. Following this logic, it makes a great deal of sense why trump did not win, about 60% of Americans live in cities and suburban areas while the rest live out in the country. Trump ultimately was able to appeal to the blue collared and working class, but failed to appeal to the people living in the cities.
The thing I loved the most about this is how it explained why in a logarithmic idle game the 1s values stayed the same so much longer as things increased.
Unsubscribed....
Thanks for sharing and congrats on your book!
Once you understand that Black people make up 90% or more of huge swaths of Chicago, and that Black people vote for Democrats at about a 90% or higher rate, the Trump data makes perfect sense. Trump gets between 0 and 29 votes in so many precincts because they're mostly precincts where nearly only Black people live.
This video uses it’s own questioned data as a method of reinforcing itself. Then the video does the same thing in conclusion, by validating itself as a proof. The whole video seems very logically flawed, as much as i watched the entire video and wanted to belief it.
Please Stop spreading Dis"Information". We are not as stupid as you'd like us to believe. There is far more than "Benford's" Law. Try actually looking at the hard Evidence - if you can find it. 🙄People, his babbling is designed to 1) confuse, 2) distract, 3) sell something, 4) challenge you to question your intelligence if unable to follow his prattle, 5) recent Forensic audits of Dominion machines found serious problems. Do Your Own Research. If you are told to walk blindly off a cliff following all the other lemmings, would you do it w/o question? YT has been negligent if not worse in Suppressing Information. Just like they've done with ¢¥1984, "peaceful" ¶rote$ts"/riot$ 🙄, "ru$$ia", H b!d*n, and now the frau**£ent ele¢tion. Don't give your mind away. ⚖️🔮⏳🗽💜
Look at Biden’s platform ... it is difficult to understand such a radical shift in American values. There are enough red flags raised in the last month to invalidate any results coming out of these states.
The AP has called this story "fake news".
Several orders of magnitude. As in an election?
Who are quoting? Yourself?
Landslide win is a landslide win. Pandemic cause a lot of mail-in voting, somehow there's people that don't understand this.
I am so confused. I want to understand but mentally can not 🤦‍♀️..
I eat 2 loaves of bread u eat 0. Statistically we eat 1 each.
Benfords Law is a poor metric to use for elections.
I watched the first min left a like then left because I realized he wasn’t trying to be an idiot
Yeah, what is Benford's Lore?  😏
They say sixty-five percent of all statistics Are made up right there on the spot Eighty-two-point-four percent of people believe 'em Whether they're accurate statistics or not I don't know what you believe But I do know there's no doubt I need another double-shot of something ninety-proof I got too much to think about.         -Todd Snider88
COngrats on the top 100
That was interesting and funny.
Ah, the old tactic of “use a wrong argument that takes five times as long to respond to as it does to make.” I like how you had to plug Numberphile, the guys who applied all kinds of made up rules to divergent infinite series so they could post their clickbait - 1/12 meme. I’m glad people are listening to credible, authoritative experts, not misinformation created to undermine America’s already failed democrazy.
Saw the odd guy in half.
You said measuring things between 1-200 (Three digit numbers) would result in benford's law, then you said the voting data would OBVIOUSLY NOT follow benfords law because its only 3 digits. (???). Huh??? Unless I totally misunderstood, how is this not a complete contradiction.
Statistics is much more complicated than we view it intuitively. Very nice video, thanks for sharing
"A quick impartial double check" Nah, i am not that smart to do that
I mean, it really looks more like the Benford's Law guideline was mirrored over the y-axis and moved over the 3. It would be more alarming to have a massive peak at one leading digit value that didn't follow some kind of curve.
Where is hunter
Thankyou for being clear early .. thats all i wanted to hear ....
okay, that 'random last 2 digits' would only be valid if the same person made up all the votes; if you have multiple random people adding random tallies with existing tallies- that would just show up as noise in the data- also I don't think anyone has claimed that they just put down totals without actually counting- so this whole thing is kind of solving a false premise there.
this guy's sense of humor reminds me of the old math prank of using a^2 + b^2 = 1 to prove mathematically that 1 = 2.  I won more than a few beers on that one in my university days.
Benford's law matches multiplicative data like a bank account that accrues interest, but it is terrible if you are looking at incremental data like street addresses or votes.  Instead of the expected 30% of 1's, you get anywhere from 11% to 56% 1's depending on the lead digit of the highest number in your dataset.
That is very interesting, so wanting to ramp up the order of magnitudes, i did calculate the same curve at the county level instead of precincts.  Tries a 50/50 state, a Pro biden State and a Pro trump state.  Turns out Trump curves follow the benford's law, but not Biden... so can you do a follow up and explain that also ?
I would imagine that even if you could take the last two digits and find an anomaly, it wouldn't tell you which of the candidates is cheating. Is that right? Because I would think the oddities in one candidate's totals would also make the other candidate's totals look weird reciprocally. Would that be true for absolute vote counts, or is that only the case for percentages (i.e., +1 for one candidates is -1 for another)?
Why don't bidens votes follow Benford's law?  Because Dominion's algorythms don't follow Benford's law.
Pi isnt random.  Irrational numbers are not random.
Thanks Matt - pretty good info! Gotta love the maths!
Stand-up math, from a stand-up man.
Nice video, I have to admit my I looked a little bit into Benford's Law because of this election and I was wondering if the Law did apply in this case. People have been reporting a lot of weird things with this election and it's good to be able to sanity check some of it. It's nice to see someone challenging the claim rather than the intent behind it. I've seen a lot of claims from Biden supporter that Trump and his supporters are just salty about a clear victory from Biden and never disputing the reported anomalies.  Anyway, Good video, I enjoyed the focus on the math rather than the politics around it.
FYI Chicago's election is not clumped into "counties." There is only one county.
So Biden did steal the election by stuffing the ballot box
absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Anyone else see the worrying similarity between Trump Tower and Sauron's tower in LotR? :o
Can you speak Chinese? Or you will learn
I knew nothing about Benford's Law prior to watching this video, and very little about advanced mathematic theories, but this was incredibly interesting and informative! Happy to subscribe!
May have to consider it a hypothesis and no longer a law
Careful now, YouTube doesn't like people talking about things that don't quite add up at first glance
Don't forget gerrymandering: the lawmayers have been intentionally rigging those districts for years to come in even MORE consistently percentage-wise over and over again...
Apparently Benfords Law is used to bore people to death.
Well 1vote for trump = 1/2 a vote and 1 vote for Biden = 2 votes
What is the odds that only in states won by a certain party main candidate would be the only states that had participation of 82% or greater of know voters in major cities.   And what are the odds that one candidate would 90% or greater of those votes.
I triple-checked myself. Still a moron.
Becuz all Biden votes were illegal everybody knows this. They were against the law
So what did he say in this video I don’t wanna watch the full video
Looking at these comments sure makes me glad to be Australian
https://youtu.be/SEU6owG2Gjo
please pick a city or district thats more competitive, not the 100vt to 1000vt  98.7% of the time, if  the voters as you say lean way towards biden, then its easy to see trump getting 1 and 2's and biden 3 and 4's. i'd like to see a graph in an area thats as even as you can get. another question is why trump got so many more 7,8,9's than biden, just asking. great video!!! thanks for taking the time to put it up. just seems you would get a more accurate with a closer race and more of a variety of digits, thanks again!!!
Looks like you have been exposed as a LIAR. Voting machines had a 68% error rate in Michigan.
This guys a paid shill have watched many more these videos and they all came to way different results then this shill
Empirical evidence that voting software manipulated the information
7,000 Trumpists were sent to this video.
With the dominion voting system in place why waste your time voting? In fact, why even waste your time running? Imagine that... Pre-determined loosers. It's now official here in the United States of America.... It's not the voters who determine the winners. It's the counters who get to decide.
On a completely unrelated note, your eyes are a lovely color. :-)
Wait what about the socks book?
Thank you!!
That's super interesting. Maybe it was implied but an easy explanation for Biden's normal distribution and Trump's 2 digit spike is just that Chicago generally leans more Democrat.
I bet this same guy will defend Benford's LAW if is being told to
Where do we find the most corrupted politicians in us @6:39
Shame on you Joe Biden. You sit on a throne of lies and corruption!!!
Talk about splitting hairs! You're comedy gold.
Who cares about this? We have proof from examinations of the Dominion machines that they were programmed to flip Trump votes over to Beijing Biden.
Idk what hes talking about, it just seems interesting
I actually looked at vote totals from all the states (not precincts) and they do follow Benford's Law near perfectly. The key difference being that state vote totals do contain data spanning several orders of magnitude.
this is meaningless..
Think the thumbs down are coming from those trumpists who do not understand maths.
Ah, but what you did NOT recognize is that people who voted in this election PERFECTLY demonstrated what Samuel Clemens noted over a century ago, "Common sense is the most uncommon sense of all."
Except the tabulation machines have been examined now and they are programmed to not only flip votes through percentages of total votes but also put up large numbers of votes for 'adjudication' off-site from the counting. In fact out of the country. So this explanation is meaningless.
Hip hip for objective and rational thought!
Using stats from Chicago to evaluate Democrat results is like doing the same thing in Moscow to evaluate Putin.. Basic law of statistics applies: “ Garbage in equals garbage out “....
Oh you might want to Google this YouTubemight lose your YouTube account if anybody like me reports your video for promoting domestic terrorism
So, question, if Benfords Law only works for a range of numbers with different digits.  Would Benfords law apply to elections like the US and the UK if you look at individual counties that have different populations and voter turn outs (Some would be 5 6 digits, some would be 7 or even 8)  Why wouldn't it work here?
You don't need Benford's Law when you have Dominion's Law.
Though interesting it’s not applicable to elections in the manner presented and we need to look at the dynamic flow of data over time that includes more of the available information that is associated with either candidate such as the expectation based upon the voter party registry distribution in that precinct but in addition these are not in any contested area where the expectation over time changed and the clumps or bundles of votes heavily favored to the exclusion of the other candidate. We need to look at the probability distributions of bundled data sets that entered over time.   You could also add up the total of the precincts end-to-end and remove the arbitrary precinct clumping that favors the smaller biases precinct level subsets of single or paired digits and thereby extend the magnitude range.  There is no mathematical creativity being demonstrated here to elicit the system signals in novel ways.
Now mathematicians are making laws!!! And they call this a free country...😜
Why does Matt Parker use “they” for individuals whose gender is known? I’m not a huge fan of “they” as a singular pronoun at all because I find it confusing, but I understand its use when the person’s gender is unknown or non-binary, but Joe Biden is male and uses male pronouns. Using “they” is unnecessarily confusing.
I might be "a bit" late, but why don't talk about Gamma-distribution? These graphs both look suspiciously like its density with appropriate parameters.
Really sad when bad math i used for politics.
Can someone explain what the y and x axis on the voting graphs are?
NEERRRRRRD
Wait, u said benford’s law worked for the 30 days of the month, but then said it wouldn’t work for 3 digit numbers such as those from the Chicago vote count. I’m not tryna do a gotcha here, but I’m a bit confused as to y the number 30 is big enough but a 3 digit number isn’t. Edit: someone is inevitably going to take this the wrong way, but w/e. Still a very informative video tho. Definitely enjoyed it
What was your outcome for the states (counties) named in Lawsuits.
There is his thing called stupid and it’s people who are incapable of doing own research and need to be spoon fed propaganda mirroring their own stupidity, racism  and disinformation to support their own racist, religious, political agenda. Trumpanzees are guilty of this.
Awww 7k people didn't like what they hearrrddd
Obviously is not a mathematical  term.
Our data was tabulated  abroad. Nothing to see here...
Ok now let's analyze PA, MI, and GA.  No one is doubting Trump lost in Chicago.
This gentleman is gaslighting you. He is right in one respect.....this what you should expect from Joe and the Democrats.......a lying curve to steal the election.
all the americans here, get ready to keep saying "president Trump" for the next 4 years, SCOTUS, the republican held SCOTUS, now has the jurisdiction over a case, one they arent legally required to send back down to state SCOTUS, meaning they are finally allowed to make a final hearing, and if they vote in Trump's favor, remember, they are red, it goes to a state vote, each state has 1 vote decided by that states house members, and Republicans have a majority in 26 states, compared to dems 24, with PA being 50/50.
Democrats are completely corrupt. And our media is even worse for covering up lies and hiding evidence from the media.
Isnt Benford the tool company that Tim Taylor was sponsored by?
So Trump and Biden have drastically different vote count distributions by precinct. And they both make sense? They are both “normal”? It seems that you spent lots of effort on justifying Biden’s “normal” curve lol
Explain the vote spikes at 3 am in all the flipped states. Basically normal?
Thank u ive been trying to find someone to explain this properly.
Okay the transitions are a little loud...
Thank you for the truth
Love this video, data science is the best!
Lies, damned lies, and statistics.
Great video!  I enjoyed it very much.  It's always so much more interesting to ask what that data is trying to tell you than to tell the data what you think it means.  Same with people.  Politicizing any question however, makes that very unlikely to happen.  There's probably a reason for that . . .
12:15 "There was a spike at 82 because one employee was claiming their breakfast on their way to work every day, which they weren't allowed to do. You can only claim breakfast when you're on the road for work purposes." *Employee: commuting is for work purposes.*
Why wouldn't you do this for the state instead of major cities?
Second comment from me- Did some digging and it turns out Trump also has an interesting problem with his data. The  first digit 1 data should be around 33% and unfortunately for him its 43%. So you may think he has suffered the unfortunate fate of having his vote counts diminished into lower figures, seemingly from the 2,3,4 data lines. What are the chances!
Everyone know Donald Trump won the election
Nut head dancing around the bush, just run last 3 or 10 president election,and compare them.
Would that account for trump votes being discarded or thrown away or switched when coping a messed up ballot?
The bottom line is we're watching a coup
Simple question after watching the video- Biden and Trump voters are all random civilian populations of districts ok? So any variables in district voter counts should be seen with BOTH candidates curves? Otherwise this guy is saying the bigger the district the less Trump is liked? Feel free to shoot me down.
Duh he took the info from Chicago. That is a Dem area. Of course Joe Bidens votes hovered around the middle. Trump's hovered around single digits, because no one voted for him there. Ha Ha. It's funny how they are paying off these guys to look smart and fool people.
Y'all do spend a lot of time disproving numbers and excusing anomalies when it fits your narrative.
The only thing I understood in this video is that people in Chicago really don't like Donald Trump.
@13:13 Maybe the Dem’s should throw this one back at the Reps ?
More of a theory than an actual law...
Chicago is not a good example You wasted you Time
We all know Biden's slaves are stealing this election with no shame.
You should try that long against the another Michigan county where 300% of the people who live there voted...
Great video, I love your expertise. I totally agree with your assessment on this particular case. I believe you have explained this very well. I would love for you to delve deeper into some of the harder to explain statistically implausible anomalies. Please please please 🙏  I love this channel and I'll always love your witty humor but I will feel like you are being a little bit disingenuous if you will not go further into this.  Either way, you'll always get me coming back for more. I'm here for maths not politics. It would just be nice to see you attempt this challenge.   Thank you for being you!
You should look at the numbers using Benford’s Law and deviation from random distribution — and perhaps some other mathematical “indicators” or “smells” (a term borrowed from coding) — in the areas that are currently being legally challenged: Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Arizona, etc.  (AFAIK, there’s no legal contention in Chicago or Illinois).  There may or may not be something worth looking at there.  It would be good to have your analysis on what you see and don’t see in the numbers.  Perhaps you can use the additional video to highlight additional analytical tools, like whatever they call data being “too smooth” to be statistically plausible (e.g. how Russia’s published ‘rona numbers have too little variance to be possible).
notice how biden came back in every state trump was winning in, in the last 3% of votes being counted, you never see that in any election at all
Great video. This is the kind of analysis we need to be hearing. I think most thinking people got to this conclusion rather quickly. If you notice, Benford's Law was initially brought up but quickly dropped once the data was available.   Enjoy your perspective. Thanks for what you do.
Thanx y’all fraudsters for keeping me awake for nothing! Got to work tomorrow and it’s morning already! Can we get the thieves arrested and get the president/ King crowned already!
He seems nice enough but his voice reminds me a little of Michael Palin. I was waiting for the 16 TONS weight to be dropped on him.
You sir are a LLPOF (liar, Liam pants on fire)
8:03 for the finishing blow if anyone needs to crush a Trump supporter claiming Benford's Law (more like principle) shows "Biden magic".  97% of the precincts gave similar 3 digit data not orders of magnitude different...as required by a Benford distribution.
They are fake.. I can make grads
the Democrats are truly the scum of the earth.
Mathematics and Stats predicted 2 million COVID deaths.
Hmmm... Sounds like you need to learn computer algorithms
Unfortunately there's so many stupids out there they can't be convinced.  Its easier to fool a man than to have him believe they have been fooled
You can't debunk all types of evidences. Benford's law? Not needed anyway.
Have you seen the video of Dr Shiva Ayyadurai (MIT scientist)? What do you think?
I'm not sure why this video was made when you use data for a state that wasn't part of discrepancies found in AZ, WI, PA, and MN? Further more you happened to find discrepancies in the data that you look at, so shouldn't we look into all discrepancies no matter where they arrive?
Under the Constitution of the United States of America, neither the AP, any media or  tech platforms have legal authority to declare an election for any candidate. If anyone tries to mislead you in this regard they are just blowing in the wind. . ..  There is also no such thing as the office of the president elect.
Given enough time and effort, anything can be explained from any perspective.  How do we find the truth?
It's very simple. Biden's votes were overly represented in the mail-in votes. This is because Trump asked his base not to mail-in vote and the democrats were encouraged to mail-in vote. This is due to COVID-19. So the mail-in votes were not a random sample of votes. They were highly overrepresented with Biden voters.
👍💛 from France. God save Trump !
Oooo,  Ooooo.....do the 2016 election.
redcoat has spoken . we should forget  the whole  situation  ...lmao
I want to see how you factored the percentages.
No one’s come up with a valid reason why Biden numbers JUMPED in 3 states when counting had supposedly stopped.  A jump of 10s of thousands of all Biden votes.
Short answer, no but kinda yes. Long dumbed down answer, it tells you something might be wrong but you still have to look further into it.
Interesting. I stopped at 11 minutes. My thoughts are to use security footage and count (In Count Dracula’s voice) Vun, two, tree, FOUR suitcases under de table ah ah ahhh. Vun, two times through vote tabulator. Ah ah ahhh.
The OP is approaching the problem the wrong way. Bendford´law was use to detect anomalies in the behavior of the votes and no by itself but by a combination of various methods and that is why the OP made a 2nd video where again he is wrong because he is looking at it as Math point of view. Math is the tool and it is abstract that is use every field, but Math itself wont give you answer in Physics, Chemistry, Forensic Election and so on. If you are really interested about forensic election https://www.iie.org/Research-and-Insights/Publications/DFG-UM-Publication if you are not and keep following videos in youtube indeed people will be misinformed. Best regards and be safe
It is clear Trump's votes are following Murphy's Law.
Your analysis of the Trump totals indicates the vote numbers in the 2020 were very very likely manipulated by Democrats.
8:19 add it all up and you get 20.... 69 dudes.
Based on this, it certainly looks like Trump's legal votes were being tampered with and taken away from him.
This is a perfectly normal election just like every election in the history of the U.S.
Not sure if this guy knows what he is talking about or he knows but deliberately lies to mislead the viewers.
So refreshing to see a statistical study of at least some election results. Would love to see Matt's analysis for the contested cities or states such as Michigan or Pennsylvania. Chicago as a city is overwhelmingly Democratic so the patterns don't surprise me. Would be more than curious to see the results for evenly matched cities or states.
How does your theory work after the new video was released yesterday?
Frankly, Biden's votes not following Benford's Law is consistent with Mellissa Carone's testimony of whole batches being rescanned.  The proportion of first digits being highest for 3 - is actually - what one would expect from batches of 50 being scanned & rescanned, isn't it?  That's a huge problem for you, dude.  Your data is a GREAT FIT for Melissa Carrone's "batches of 50 were being scanned & rescanned" testimony.  It's a POOR FIT for what you believe.
All sorts of usual precedents that happened before for over a century in the US, and other laws and odd mathematically formulae and proofs does the usually strange election data from the Biden result, seem to be breaking. You could probably invent a whole new branch of Mathematics from it, it's that peculiar. It's like flipping a coin and having it land on Heads over 50 times straight. Lottery odds.
Amazing how science that contradicts a certain established narrative will always come with a "but, still, although, however, even though..."   Why people even bother to use math, anymore? Isn't it supposed to be racist or something?
Do you want me to expose a totally different result with that data ?
Good video but those transitions are, to be frank, garbage, you dont need them, they cut you off. They are really loud, and just annoying, having an intro is fine but you do not need all these transitions
Benford's Law is mathematics, Biden's Law is The Belle Curve.
Fantastic data analysis. The sad thing is the Trump supporters will just call it fake Maths and refuse to accept it. I have long since given up trying to reason with people have have absolutely no capacity to reason or intention to listen to anything that does not support their futile conspiracy theories. maths is the ultimate arbiter of truth when used in this way but only if people understand that.
What's benford law?
It should be called Benford's Principal rather than Benford's Law... A tool rather than an absolute. Laws are absolute...
Boring
Spam
This guy is a narcissist know it all who probably has some deep-rooted family issues which is why he needs to prove he is worthy to everyone else
https://youtu.be/-s5hdCEsuRk
Col. Phil Waldron, IT Expert weighs in: https://youtu.be/Aa5h9_qzlEE
One more think...i want say...you tube is not fair about the election...search something good for trump's claims...u can find very hard...but the news and speechs againts trump will find simple and  abundant...why?.. He has no claim? More than 70 milions didnt vote him...and havent any doubt and question...i say that fruad and corruption...it is right...no one likes trump...he is ugly...old ...every time plays golf and doeant pay his tax...but he is president...and have 70 milion votes and now he is saying his votes stolen...i think as a foreigner we...you should listen his claims
It is no way to repeat number (digit) 4 5 and 6 in first digits of bidens votes its not make sense.... but u depend it to population pattern...an How?....and poeple horay for u....
Im not mathematician ...but i used to work with statistics and spss software ...i think u made sophistry ...u have used the  population pattern of pn to say that the law dosnt work here...but the law is not about numbers...but its about digits...the digits should work line the pattern...and so on...if you say true trump vote  results should be the same order becaues trump has some votes in that democrate areas...and that votes in ur teory should work in the same pattern like biden...(becaues of population distrbution as u say).... A scientist as u claim should be Humble as pi an trans factional an honest
Because of this-  https://youtu.be/WNBD2C2_nSs
Radical liberal math .... !!!
Trump supporters vote in BULK, we go together.
What?! Ignorant people using fancy and highly specific terms and ideas wrong to support their world view? Never...
This is not Benford's law.  You're setting up a strawman.
Shut up fool how about a video I guess that wont be enough either
It's really about how many ones equals a pair.
I think this election follows more of a "Murphy's Law" pattern! 😂
Another demon... Hope you people enjoy your vaccines and service to s@tan.
Sorry Pal, Chicago's elections are renowned for being crooked.
Looks like math don't care about feelings...
Brilliant checking against π
The past four presidential elections follow Benford's law. Biden's votes don't only in single counties in swing states.
I just borrowed the audio version of Humble Pi from our public library! Looking forward to listening to it!
It's funny when Trumpistas try to be all math-y.  🙄you should explain your theory to Rudy.
So to be clear, your point with trump statistic being more suspicious, due to having a non-standard/non-expected group of lower totals, makes it sound like Trump's votes are suspiciously low.  Almost like...fraudulently low...  Not weighing in. But surely if he was going to fix it he'd be fixing it in his favour not against his favour?
so many idiots in this world
you're not helping things breaking it down like this. what i see is it tapered off but in the key swing states, biden had spikes that far exceeded what is claimed to be physically possible to run. everyone is on a schedule and it makes sense to me that many like myself went out and voted before going to work. i may be wrong but it sounds sensible. obviously chicago is going to show a legit voting pattern for biden, they didn't have to do any rigging there. i would suggest you look at georgia, michigan or pennsylvania if you want to actually look at some screwy happenings. you're pattern makes sense but it's not that way across the board. i think they even have video evidence of the dems closing shop up and a few staying back and running "votes" from god knows where and that's also when biben topped a crushing defeat. it's like the comebacks in the rosky movies, complete b/s lol. seriously, the gop was expected to lose seats in the senate and house but actually gained some, the swing states that have historically voted for the winner, biden was crushed in. those patterns don't make sense to me. again, i might be wrong but i don't buy it friend.
Looks like republicans voted before going to work and the majority of democrats sleep in 🤔 lol
It doesn’t follow benfords law because it’s a criminally stolen election....so obvious now....I can link to the 5000+ videos below if you wanna check it out.
It's not that clear
The most odd thing is that Biden's curve follows a normal curve and it's sister curve is a benford curve... this means that something is funky with the data.
https://youtu.be/WKkheU5cy2E
I call BS!!! how come you got a Binford  distribution on Trump but NOT on Biden - "SPLAIN IT TO MR LUCY!!!!"
Give it a rest
This video just shows that even smart people can sometimes be stupid.
First says, it needs to be a Large sample size, then uses District of Chicago charts and graphs.? LMAO
I saw your analyses for Biden  the Chicago's  Districts what did Trump's look like, I didn't not see it.
You said here in the U.K. but I swear you have an Australian accent
Let me get this straight, you took data from a county where no major anomalies or data irregularities were observed in the 2020 US election, didn't address at all the data from counties (in Michigan, Wisconsin, etc) where such anomalies were observed, and concluded that there aren't any anomalies in Biden votes. Well that's fantastically obvious sleight of hand to people who are actually concerned about the truth.
Man.. it's a shame this guy went through all of this pandering on analytics to say absolutely nothing. Lol Trump still Lost. This is just one last stall to further disrupt American democracy.
This is interesting I’ll give it that , but dosent help me understand the vote dumps that went on in - these cities - and Biden only did well in one county and actually underperformed Obama in all others. So not sure if this helped me or not ?
How about these maths...  https://youtu.be/kU5tQDwjOF8
Wild guess they are all illegal lol.
He's using the example of Chicago, with it's 2000 (i.e. tiny) precincts. No one thinks Trump won Chicago. The examples I've seen covered statewide results in WI and MI, which are much more relevant data. He's using Chicago as his example to mislead. Nevertheless, Benford's is just an invitation for further scrutiny and doesn't necessarily prove anything.
Could you please give us a statistical explanation for these oddities in the 2020 election? It would help... https://spectator.us/reasons-why-the-2020-presidential-election-is-deeply-puzzling/
Can you show the curve for the last 10-15 president elections?
No reason to vote anymore.
How come in every state that I’ve seen analyzed Trump’s data correlates with Benford’s law while Biden’s does not?
Go Trump !!
Benford‘s law does not account for the three additional days of vote collecting.
Seems a bit biased when you pick a democrat city... why not do this with a swing state and see what happens?
Youtube be like tward politics *The AP has called the Presidential race for Joe Biden. See more on Google*
What numbers are they counting?
But Illinois wasn't under dispute... Just saying.
I just want to know how much you got paid by the Democratic Party
8 Million voters past 50% of the vote.   Trump didn't even win in 2016 with 50%  of the vote, and Democrats didn't waste our time for months with conspiracy theories claiming the election was stolen.
i loved this video
Because he’s a demented moron with a communist running mate.  P.s I go to the same kettle for breakfast and i still know I’m in the ball park figure to know I’m just as  intellectual as i need to be as well. Only in the morning by myself without a degree in utter crap to know it.
So math genius, do you say that in 90 minutes, close to 600,00 votes went to Biden and 3,200 went for Trump????  and this is where everybody assumed it to be dark red????  any comments????  do the math and let us know.... maybe mention this in your book...
Can you check Pen and Georgia state according to what your looking into???  Everyone knows Chicago is totally blue.... nothing suspicious here...
Do you think that if you theoretically expanded the data set to include voting districts across the nation, that the variation in population would be enough to expect Benford's Law to be evident in the results?
I like how you explain away why Biden's graph is just a normal distribution for the Chicago districts. However, you failed to explain why Trump's graph for the same districts follows Benford's Law while Biden's doesn't. They should BOTH be either one way or the other.
ZUCK IN THE MUCK:  Project Veritas #CNNTapes
I getting tired of seeing the us election banner ad from YouTube
Man, your "theory" accelerate the paranoia among the Trump supporters even more. Your so-called random digit number statistics suggets that there was a manipulation on the vote count on Trump side. But it doesn't tell weather it was a downward adjustment or upward adjustment. I really don't know data manipulation during an election is real...but people start investing a large dataset, eventually they're going to find some oddity by chance (or by misunderstanding). because there are always an error (could be caused by human, computer, analysts...etc)  The point of the election is not a numbers. It's for calming down the citizens. If people think the results are somehow "acceptable" they don't complain even though they feel bad about that. But this time, some American people clearly show the disbelief on their social system rather than the election itself. I really surprised by that because I thought American people are proud of their democracies.
Look at how many votes each candidate had on and after Election Day. It should follow the law. Biden has more votes AFTER Election Day than ON Election Day. How is this normal? When has this ever happened before?
Interesting stuff!
This is more and more relevant every single day.
Liars think they are smart but they fight with reality.The truth is prevail all time.Put in access of lies But what they are offert is deceptive.Amen Sir you are right.
Regardless of this pattern prediction, i still find it extremely odd that the least charismatic, least dynamic, least coherent, most lack lustre candidate ever with the most lethargic campaign ever got such record breaking support in votes purely on his own merrits; or that vote counts were stopped, suddenly restarted, and then biden got massive vote dumps at those times, after election day-- among other irregularites during this bizarre election.
I just want to add a comment here: You cannot just "look at" the data and claim that whether or not the data fit in some distribution. This is not how statistics is done. There is empirical measure for this and the data for trump's vote is not in any sense "closed" to Benford's law.
I'm not an accountant but I also dont believe in coincidence. Biden had basically nobody following him on the campaign trail. Trump had thousands of people show up at every stop he made along the campaign trail.  Then biden wins. That's not coincidence. Therefore, something is definitely amiss whether benford believes it or not.
The thing I want explained is the 96% voter turnout if we’re to believe the number of votes Biden got. We’ve never done better than 55-56%!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Junk!
Matt should do a video on all the evidence that's coming out.
How stupid
But wait this doesn’t fit my biases
great video! thank you for explaining this in such a simplistic manner.
Snore...boring. Can't believe I watched 76.326 percent of it.
Finally someone decently explained what many didn't get until now. Thanks!
Based on his logic, the Trump graph should follow the same distribution, but it does not. So.....
I don't think this video was fair in the objective sense. Sure, you have given an explanation as to why Biden's votes do not follow Benford's law, however, you haven't addressed why Trump's graph follows Benford's law, but Biden's doesn't. You gave the explanation that given the precinct size and competitiveness, we would expect Benford's law to be violated (more 4's and 5's). However, Trump's graph doesn't appear to be violated. This discrepancy is not explained.
Wow you haven't deleted this yet? I thought you would be embarrassed by now.
*IMPORTANT* See also this video on Dominion voting machines and the info i left in comment section https://youtu.be/VO-sIk1htVQ [ @11:30 "It all comes from one system and that is called Democracy Suite".] *My Research* = Ref.:  Dominion Democracy Suite Final Report scanned with signature 011819.pdf. (Signed by Kathy Boockvar Jan 17, 2019) "The Functional Examiner and Accessibility Examiner concluded that the Democracy Suite 5.5 *did not comply* with Sections 1107-A(10) and (15), 25 P.S. §§ 3031.7(10) & (15), of the Pennsylvania Election Code because the ICX BMD did not allow the voter to remove all candidate selections in a contest after voting straight party and the screen referenced the process of marking and printing the ballot as “casting” the ballot. Additionally, the Security Examiner noted that the system hardening measures documented in the Technical Data Package (TDP) required additional modifications for a secure implementation."
Can you show the curve for the last 10-15 president elections?
I would have liked to have watched this but there are no captions available. Sorry.
You might as well have done California at this point
The largest concern I have is that too many scientists aren't doing science but politics..on BOTH SIDES.  The universities have done this to themselves by filtering and suppressing data that doesn't fit specific political aims.  Science is Prediction/Data Collection/Reflection.  While I don't dispute specific points...this feels a lot like POSTdiction, and I am sadly (because of our world's sad state) forced to wonder if this same video would result had the parties been switched.
Hey Folks! Benford's Law is only reliable in a stand alone situation. Since there are 2 people affecting each others totals, 1is going to be within Benford's Law and the other not. 1000 voters: JB gets 175 DT gets 825. So JB starts with 1 which means DT has to be a 8 or 9.
If the curve was moved the right it would be a match. This indicated that the Vote Count has been tampered, either Biden suddenly received more Votes, or Votes for him were delayed to be Counted.
I called by here to see if you'd done some work on Bobby Piton, the investment analyst who has been lauded by the Trumpists as providing "proof" of vote manipulation. Will you be taking a look at him?
My main conclusion from this election thus far is that mass mail in voting and counting after hours without observers should never be done even if everyone is proven to be accurate and honest.  I don’t need to see anymore evidence to know this was a botched election. Throwing in hundreds of thousands of votes overnight almost entirely for the guy that needs more votes to win in swing states will always cause eyebrows to raise, even if the votes are totally legit. That should never be done in any state and I don’t know what we as citizens can do to ensure that elections are not executed that way ever again, besides mailing election officials.
1984
Looking at the furrow in ur brow I think you may have an issue with your organs
BIDEN LOST..... cheating was massive!
All should Boycott the Georgia runoff election and write in Donald Trump's name.
Were you in Monty Python's troop? Should have been.
Good example non-American education.
"How Many Socks Make a Pair" is on sale for Kindle :D Got mine for making time at work less boring.
Excellent, thank you. Understood.
I smell a gatekeeper. The US election was a complete anomaly on so many statistical levels. Why you're not all over it as an independent mathematician we can only speculate.  Get to work...tho I doubt it
it is a great book.
Simple he said at first Biden was going to get most votes in chicago.he picked wrong place to do this. Was it on purpose? People being people he could not stop himself taking a dig at trump.the tower stuff,,,?
You are ridiculous. Benford's law appears to be valid (that is to say, that it represents a truth about the universe) only because of our decimal numbering system.  If you write down the number 1,000,000, of course all the numbers following that will start with a 1, all the way up to 2,000,000, and so on.  So you are just graphing the decimal system, perturbed by your "real world" observations that seem to follow Benford's law. It is only a reflection of the order of magnitude that each subsequent digit in a series of decimal numbers represents. Go to Hell. You are no mathematician.
BECAUSE a of #SMARTMATIC
Makes sense, as far as I can tell.  Now, please explain the logic of 4 a.m. vote dumps that go 570K bidet and 3.2K Trump.
Stop the steal!
Does everyone here know about Hunter Biden’s laptop? That’s my fantasy football teams’ name BTW.
Poor people suffer more under Democrat presidents and you tend to see more school sh
You got it right. It can easily be seen how they tampered Trump's votes. Thanks
if trumps team knew how to do math, they would be applying this to the swing states.
I`m sure you know it by now, but you made it into a paper over on the Probability ArXiv: https://arxiv.org/pdf/2011.13015.pdf
Because the cheaters forgot to contact bedford
Would have been more interesting with a analysis of a battleground city
Where's a funnel-web spider when you need one? I think this explanation works better. https://youtu.be/WH3JwGG0VTk
Too complicated
There's no way Biden collected more votes than Obama. PERIOD
Your scene transitions are a bit loud and jarring, mate. Might wanna tone it down a bit. Made me jump in my seat.
Good thinking people must deliver the votes to the Georgia democratic senators this coming 5 Jan 2021! Help Biden-Harris in the challenging work in the senate! Get out & vote for Ossoff & Warnock! Cool names!
https://youtu.be/L5sadbwn1h8 can you explain this?
Biden didn't get any votes. I estimate Trump won by about 75+% of the vote total. - No one cares about biden - even with the heavy Obama association Google is implementing. They also don't like being brainwashed. F*** you Google!
Murphy's law, there is no way Biden received more votes than Obama.
Interesting. Would like to see these graphs applied with Time. Was hoping to see Biden's glorious and clearly legitimate spike.
Great video. Interesting, succinct and informative.
WTF, I want my time back. The conclusion is numbers mean nothing.
I think this is a great explanation. Would you do the same for places actually in question. Philadelphia or Detroit. Maybe Georgia or Arizona Statewide.
It would have been interesting to check the data with a lower Base (maybe 4) with Benfords Law
I have a Ph.D in Mathematics and this guy is clueless.  Went over the numbers and looks like team Biden is going to prison and not the club Med kind either the don’t drop the soap kind
Uhhhhhhhhhhhh Ok!!!!!!!!!!!!😎
Pretty convenient he skips over the fact that Trumps count follows benfords law perfectly.... but hmmmm Biden doesn't buy nothing to see here. The another law we all follow.....if there smoke there fire. Let's see if we find fire before we all assume....whichs brings back another some what law/saying....assume means make an add of you and me. How about we all stop speculating and making things fit a narrative and let it all go through the court's where hard evidence is needed.
Out of curiousity, if we were to look at election data for the entire country and generate several other data sets by dividing into smaller and smaller regional districts, then look at all the data over all of those sets, would it then be expected to follow a Benford distribution?   Probably clearer with an example:  Define the following sets: B0 = [# votes for Biden total across all of USA; ~10^7] B1 = [# votes for Biden in each census region and division (New England, Mid Atlantic, etc)] B2 = [# votes for Biden in each of the 50 states] ... Bn = [# votes for Biden in every 'precinct'; ~10^0, 10^1, or 10^2]  Then would the union B0 + B1 + B2 + ... + Bn, now a data set spanning orders of magnitude, follow a Benford distribution?
Van you use this Benton's Law to win  the Lottery
Not even sure why utube recommended this t me. I failed math many times.
Biden getting 80 million votes??? 15 million more than Obama got in 2012??? No way in hell!!!
😂😂😂
Simply put, WTF is this guy saying?  Secondly, does anyone care?
You managed to debunk the conspiracy for those who only watch the first minute.. What about those who only read the title?
That was EXCELLENT!!!!!!!  Thank you very much and best luck with sales
Oh so basically if its not how you want it to go then its wrong
lol sure dood
Nicely explained!
So Benford's law for elections is useless. Thanks. :|
How do you know the numbers your working with are correct in the first place. the was some votes that were not verified but still counted (This is unlawful) The machines they use to count votes need to be set up in a way that uses forced compliance say you need 2 or 3 people assigned for that machines oversight to verify the votes The 2 or 3 people assigned need something like a digital key they plug in for the votes to be verified and lawful if one of the keys is removed the machine stops counting And have the rules set so the people assigned the keys do not let them leave sight or can be compelled to hand over.  Also the are claims the machines have internet this needs to be off when the machines are counting votes and as for the votes each one needs to be watermark 1st timestamp 2nd machine ID 3rd the ID of all the digital keys in the machine. Also when the voting is over on any machine it needs makes an image backup to all the digital key and only after this and the removal of the keys can the machine use internet.  The accusation in pennsylvania was not at the voters but at some people in counting rooms who cannot be found now as they had no ID this is unlawful if true. An inside job.
Figures don't lie.  But, liars figure.
Useless, the cities in question are Atlanta, Detroit, Milwaukee, and Philadelphia.
Where there is smoke...
Biden is your president stfu
what i do is look up who owns that information source then look to see if they have charges for fake reporting
You are looking at this all wrong - the Dem votes follow BIDEN'S LAW
11:50 "Random" has a tendency to clump, so depending on the data set this is perfectly normal.
can you do benford law on the democrats
Praying for America 🙏🇺🇸
I didn’t see him explaining the first two low bars before the steep spike on Biden’s plot. And no correlation between the amount of votes and time elapsed.
If I could give this two thumbs up, I would. Excellent analysis.
I'm confused.  Here's the problem:  On November 04, 2020; the polling locations in all 5 of the swing states were closed early. At 10:00 PM EST President Donald J. Trump was leading in each of these states by margins of 30,000 votes to as many as 600,000 votes with 80% of the precincts reporting.  Suddenly, between the hours of 3:00 AM EST and 4:00 AM EST; not only did all of the votes Biden was trailing by materialize but allegedly there was a deficit for Trump now.  Those of us who are calling bullshit on this election are doing so based on the "bait and switch" appearance of everything that has transpired.  It certainly did not help that for 4 years we had a Main Stream News Media that was hell bent on destroying Trump and everyone associated with him, followed by another 4 months of Nancy Pelosi and company publicly war gaming a coup; and 3 months leading up to the election we had the MSM gaslighting everyone about an imminent "blue wave" and how allegedly the mummy that is Joe Biden suddenly had a popularity that spread like a wave of covid-19.  The man had a difficult time drawing flies to his "rallies" <------- a better adjective would be wakes (due to the 'dead' nature of all his public appearances).
I'm just here looking for hitler but I only found biden up to yet . Not good enough
What if you instead look at the 3,050 or so counties in the us instead of districts in Chicago, you could get a lot more magnitudes and they aren't made to be uniform.
So basically statistics on random numbers in an algorithm WORK in accounting and NOT in politics 🤔 because the GOVERNMENT controls “politics” and its to the advantage of GOVERNMENT to manipulate “voting” numbers because it produces taxed-income... and NOT to manipulate “accounting” numbers because... it also produces taxed-income.. Got It!
So how do WE know that the Data we are looking at is the actual Data We are supposed to be looking at? That is for Biden as well as Trump.
IDKnow about,  "Benford's Law" but in the Gettysburg, Penn/ legislature  I heard that of a 574K  slam of  votes in 90 minutes(not possible).... lol,  that Trump got 3,200 & then you hear gasps/nervous laughs from the State Members.  In another anomaly of voting number it was said that Biden's 148K Votes w/  nothing/nada/zero/zip or zilch for Trump would be like 1 in a quadrillion = more likely to hit 7 Lottos straight? If any of this is true then all American's on both sides should be angry that they're tampering w/ our Right to Vote......?   peace  &  be safe
DONALD YOURE FIRED!!
I liked this video. Or did I? Did the number of likes go up at 11:37? :)
Because dude. People want a Presidental person.
This guy knows better... https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA
Let’s show that Benford’s Law doesn’t apply to elections by using precinct level data because that doesn’t vary much by order of magnitude instead of using county level data which does vary by several orders of magnitude. You might want to check out the NJ forensic accountant that used Benford’s Law properly for Pennsylvania.
if that is an excuse why bidens votes dont follow benfords law than trumps should look the same. nice try buddy .
If you tracked each vote count update... like the difference of votes through the night.... that should follow benfords law no? Idk if anyone has the running counts that were reported... but id be interested to see what those data sets look like.
https://youtu.be/L0oFWIYGPIU
So you say investigate ?
Sorry...but whatdafuck is a "meter"?? Dark ages measurement?? Join the rest of the world  "mate"
He lost me when he pulled out the tape measure and said something about "two meters long".   Forgive me, but I have traditional values, and this 62 year old American doesn't care about anything that is "two meters" long.  If anyone ever referred to my old 1970 Roadrunner and its "7 Litre Hemi", I'd get a lawyer.  So as far as the corrupted 2020 election goes, I'll just wait for the hearings - and skip the Benford's Law.
Take into account that the Dominion and Smartmatic companies are supposedly playing with statistics...
Don't trust, verify.  Spoken like a bitcoiner.
Trump lost, Biden Won. Law or NOT, it is what it is. LOL
Cheers for the vid.  I’m an American who is a huge Monty Python fan as well as many fine “Brit-Coms” .  Please take this as a compliment when I ask if your mum was friendly with Michael Palin? If you have not noticed you bear a striking resemblance to My fave Python!  Again, total fan and love your dad’s work! Cheers
If the votes Were tampered then your charts would be skewed at the start. gigo?
Congratulations and Best Wishes to Joe Biden on winning the election to President Of The United States Of America.
Hmmm, so does it appear that there was tampering with Trumps vote numbers? You are saying that there was possible suppression of his number totals making them only 2 digits giving these results
This type of data isn't even used for elections, is this guy pushing a narrative?
Honestly I see the bigger cities overwhelmingly voted Biden while the other 80% of the counties voted Trump as the favorite. Down here in Florida/Alabama (two states I have spent time in during the past 4 years) Trump signs are in ratios of like 100 to 1 when compared to Biden(guesstimate but the numbers are seriously skewed). This tells me two things. The first is Trump voters take a lot of pride in their candidate vs Biden and the "urban" areas voted Biden simply because he is not Trump and is Democrat.    My personal opinion is Trump is a piece of crap but did things this country needed to do. I think he wears his flaws like clothing unlike every trained politician who has spent their life mastering the art of telling people what they wanna hear and end up doing whatever the highest paying lobbyist asks.
The "Office of President Elect" does not even exist, WTF...
There is not even an "office of president elect"... WTF
Take my sub!
I started feeling smart again right around the 7 minute mark....
what numbers are you even talking about?
Then why does Trump's data follow Benford's Law in Chicago?
Interesting vid. Thanks !
Liars figure and figures lie.
He could literally have made up this up and I would have no idea. Benford is probably his dogs name...
when democrats' start using comedy to give an explanation that's when i stop trusting them. Sorry act like the Daily show get the trust of the daily show. made it most of the way
Google has to notify everyone Biden won haha it’s a big conspiracy!
I'm just here looking for Hunter
Did not exactly explain why Biden's results do not obey Benford's law.
Still doesn't add up,,,
Why don’t Trump follow the law?
Benford
Benefits never met Trump
I don't get how anyone can watch this and believe that this proves or disproves anything. "If anything, Trump's numbers are suspicious"...  Okay, buddy... sure.
I hate the word problematic
8:20 If the data is not suitable for Benford's Law, then simply map the numbers to a distribution of "several orders of magnitude" and check again. Obvious!
Ok- how about some precincts in SWING states.
At the end of the video you show a skewed distribution of Trump votes towards the lower numbers, yet the Biden distribution is a somewhat normal distribution.  How can that be?  Wouldn't the Biden distribution have to be skewed towards the larger totals to mirror the Trump distribution?
Here's another one for you to analyze:    https://votepatternanalysis.substack.com/p/voting-anomalies-2020
Biden is the most popular D candidate in history - 15M more votes than Obama had in 2012. Won in spite of net loses in House seats and state legislatures - first time in history!Dems failed to flip a single state house chamber & of 27 House seats rated as "toss-up", R's so far have won all 27 -- But Biden won! First candidate since 1960 to win election while losing bellwether states Ohio & Florida!Won in spite of losing 18 of 19 bellwether counties that had perfect records of picking presidents since 1980 -- Biden won 1 of those 19 by 3 points & lost all the others by an average of 16 points. No incumbent president in history with 75%+ of the primary vote had lost election. Trump had 94%, but Biden won!
If it makes sense for Biden first digits to follow a normal distribution rather than the Benford curve in heavily Democrat areas, I would expect to see the same phenomenon in the Trump digits from heavily Republican areas. Does anyone have examples of that?
Trump won, have read any Epoch times? You should. It seems like there is a lot of information a lot of people don't know about because of the news they read
Okay but the chicago isn't the only place where this is an issue. Look at the entirety of Pennsylvania.
Nice video. But but but. . . .how does this have to do with Joe Biden? lol
😂😂  here is a concept...millions can not stand Trump!  Give it up..WE DID NOT VOTE FOR THE LYING, RACIST SOB.
Loser
lol
What I expected the answer to be: Because the mail-in votes were generally counted after the polling station votes were counted, and most of those were for Biden, thus the late spike. What I got: Because Benford's Law is a lousy measuring tool for this sort of thing.
So the guys at dominion and the vote counters knew this ....got it.
what happens if you run an FFT on the last 2 digits?
But why wouldn't you look at the votes by state and make a comparison?  Chicago is one the worst examples to use.  I could have told how those votes would be distributed before you even ran this. You should make a comparison in the swing states.  It would be interesting to see Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, Ohio and Florida compared to each other.
because they are fake, by observation, by their actions, when they stopped counting votes (then restarted at 4am) by statistical analysis, by every metric you could measure...
Do Georgia next. Not sure why you would choose Chicago, Illinois as an example since no one is challenging that city nor that state.....hmmm..... Misleading man for sure :)
You seem to confuse "first digit = 3" and "98% being 3 digit numbers" as if that is the same...
be careful GOOGLE is calling you a liar. Google says to only listen to Google. Only trust the liberal slant. Google wants to be God
The problem is that the people who need to do a quick, impartial double-check are usually the ones who are the least likely to do it.
As the saying goes, Lies, more lies and statistics.
Ya i was highly skeptical of this from the beginning. Trump lost due to demographics and constant msm attacks. He won by like 1% in several states back in 16. Not impossible to believe it swung the other way 4 years later after massive efforts to do so.
The  banner at the bottom of the video.....  News organizations cannot "Call" an election.
This video is non political, it's mathematical
So obviously Chicago votes were manipulated. Please, make this Benford analysis also about Pennsylvania, Georgia, Arizona and Nevada. I bet we will see anomaly in their data too.
4:13 lol
Biden / Harris will be the first POTDS (President Of The Divided States)  not something to Boast about. Take or Claim the Center Ground Patriots  by creating your Own New Country of Trump "Rustbelt Heartlands" thereby  dividing the East Coast from West Coast, see the reaction from the  Liberal/Lefties once They realize what has happened. 2021 will be 1776  all over again...
The day australians gave up their muskets is the day nobody needs to listen to australia.  This sounds hateful... but it's a fact isn't it.
Bahahahahahahaha.  Biden’s distribution is not unexpected because of the narrow span of orders of magnitude, yet Trump’s distribution is the opposite.  Fun video, but apply this to, let’s say, an entire state, like Georgia or Pennsylvania, where the reported counts span several orders of magnitude and- wait what?!? 😮- the same pattern violating Benford’s law.  Way to pick a sample to present as an anecdote for a untenable position.  😉
While I understand your statement that the 3 digit numbers will not necessarily be expected to follow Benford’s Law, how do you explain the fact that Jo Jorgensen’s vote totals followed Benford’s Law and the fact that Biden’s votes, Jorgensen’s votes and Trump’s votes follow Benford’s Law in all cities except the couple of key swing cities in key swing states.
Nothing to see here. Move along. Pleb.
I'm assuming this is click bait, but I expect to see a bunch of Qtards in these comments.
Trump tower to me shows that the election started normal, then they began switching votes from red to blue.
And after watching this video, 9 out of 10 Trump supporters think that Benford's Law supports the idea that Biden stole the election.
Well, I’m not smart with all these numbers but I would weigh the situation depending on how the sides are reacting to a recount.
So in theory I am thinking that if people were being intentional while voting which is less of a random act, I would expect there to be more mild pattern than complete randomness. For the act of voting to be completely random that's a bit too ideal, especially in a situation where there is so much intent/planning. I do agree with the bell curve being ideal. But at the same time I would not expect the data to look so uniform for this situation.
if you scrolled far enough down through that mich. election data you would have seen over a hundred thousand votes from 0 registered voters edit: thought you had the Michigan data up not chicago but look at that same data from Michigan
The real moral of the story is that the Sumerians were correct and base 60 is superior for elections.
You have addressed the weakest data argument from the Trump side. It's like going into a room of evolutionary biologists and proving your grandmother wasn't a chimpanzee. Look at the serious anomalies in the data instead.
This guy is amazing 👏
Biden ,/ Obama, Clinton's and SOROS all linked to Dominion and how fraudulently the machines work.
YOU IDIOT.  The reason it does not follow this law is that votes are counted by county.  And Democrat counties are always larger than GOP counties.  For example, nationwide, Trump won about 2500 counties, and Biden won just under 500.  The popular vote is about 52/48.  What does that say about the population in a "biden county" vs a "Trump county".   Go back and look at past elections, and you will find that Benfords Law NEVER worked when looking at election data.
Total partisan hack.
Anyone curious about the IT / maths guy working on the Dominion software case, here is the first interview I am aware of with the fellow.   ...you'll have to skipp past much commentary, but I promise the guy is not a lightweight.
What are the odds of one candidate receiving 10,000 _consecutive_ votes.   Say it's in a district with even support for both candidates, or 90% support for the given candidate.  What are the odds of 120,000 consecutive votes for one candidate?
Now look into what happened to 3rd party votes in the US 2020 election nation-wide Vs.in 2016.
Why? Because "All models are wrong, but some are useful" (George Box, 1979).
Can I like this twice? This was fantastically interesting
I don't think Biden's votes follow any laws
07/04/1776
One possible explanation: Chicago has a long history of being highly corrupt and rigging elections.
Now do Scorecard and Hammer softtware.
I watched something about this on Netflix.
I wonder how many of the 6303 downvoters actually watched the video all the way through.
So if Biden's votes don't have to match Benford's law, why is it that Trumps votes DO match it?   Sorry, it still looks fishy to me.   If Benford's law works for Trumps votes it should also work for Biden's.
Lessons here: if you’re trying to make up random cent amounts to fool an audit, use a d100 to randomly generate numbers.
3am ballot drops in the data.
My statistical analysis is that it is a statistical analysis. Statistics can be interpreted broadly depending on your disposition. I could be wrong and often am but I don't remember it being applied to a Presidential Election. This oñe more than any has been an emotion based decision. To apply to one party over another seems to discount the many Republicans that voted for Biden.
Excellent explanation.  You should teach classes.
Thumbs up for the last pose. :D
"the modal first digit won't be 1 or 2, it'll be 4,5, or 6." ... "this is exactly what we're seeing ..." ... no it's not.  3 was the most common...?  Shouldn't the peak be between 4 and 5 and not BEFORE 4,5,6?  So you're saying there are no Trump areas with a similar sizing of districts?  If there were one, it should also reflect this, right?
For curiosity after talking to my son about the election he asked me to do a mathematical analysis of the ratio of votes between the votes for president and for the senator of each party. The states I used; Montana, Arizona, South Carolina, Michigan and Georgia. The state chosen also had to have a senator running also. With Republicans in all 5 states the ratios were 97%, 98%, 99%, 99% and 100%. (This means that in Montana of those Republicans who voted for Trump, 97% ALSO voted for the Republican senator). With Democrats in all 5 states the ratios were : 111%, 103%, 102%, 98% and 100%. Does anyone see a problem here? In 4 of the 5 Democrat elections the democrat senator always got from 100% to 111% of the votes. Why would a Democrats have more votes for the senator, by significant amounts, than for the democrat president candidate? Consistently? I tried to use the states own website for figures when possible.I know this is somewhat rough. There was something seriously manipulated in the recent election.
WTF is Benford's Law?
I'm just here to read all the excuses for why math doesn't work and Trump won anyway.
Too bad Benfords Law can’t check to see if the vote is legitimate, from a LIVE person, if it came in on-time or if the same person voted 5000 times.   This whole discussion is misleading and an intentional distraction from what people really need to be focused on!
Biden's votes are a scam that's why the Benford's Law is wrong for him wait for the recount then check it again!
But it is odd that when looking at all the races in this election only Biden’s doesn’t hold true to this law though.   Just odd
His example of numbers in sequence doesn't support the premise. Every number would occur the same number of times except 1.
Great lesson! In your last 2 digits analysis, One however could argue the strange spike of Trump’s 2 digits precincts is because fraudster targeted those bigger ones and binned Trump’s votes or flipped to Biden, could you? The Biden’ bar charts actually does show more number in 3 digits precincts.
I like that you put your bias directly at the beginning.
At some point I want to see a visualization of Benford's Law for the first digit but color-coded by each order of magnitude (preferably as a stacked bar graph), to help explain why the trend occurs in certain datasets and not others.
Can you please explain this observed anomaly with the election numbers from GA and PA also.  Raw data were supposedly obtained from the NY Times.  I'm sure it's easily verifiable.  https://centralcitynews.us/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/Central-City-News-11-19-20-Small.pdf
So it looks to me that there is something to look at. In the last example you explained away the anomaly. And in Biden's Proportional of first digits were explained 4, 5, 6 make sense. Shouldn't Trumps Votes show the same 4,5,6? And not the 1,2 it shows?
*Trump won!! He called it just like he did w/Obama's FORGED Birth certificate, Which Truml was ALSO RIGHT ABOUT! Obamas lawyers admitted it. (tough to find but they did!)*
Thanks for doing the analysis.  I didn't want to spend a day to understand the data myself.  PS- I don't trust any mathematician who believes that the holy digits of pi are random.  They contain all of the secrets of the universe. 😆
So nice to watch a video on this topic from a fellow math person.
#ShhoobianamaAshabodapressure
Now do the same with Philadelphia and Detroit.  Chicago is not a good example.
So you took Chicago and it doesn't work due the amount of place digits. Why wouldn't this work for the state totals or totals which would be 7 digits and reduce the table to 8 places instead of the 9 places?
Why would people be using this type of analysis on Chicago is my question.. Chicago Illinois is not an area of concern for odd irregularities and anomalies.
then why isn't trump's graph consistent with biden's if benford's law somehow doesn't apply to elections?
at 10:37 you show evidence that points out that Bedford law, in the case of a two-person election shows it to be as reliable as a coin toss. At that point, bedford's law must be dismissed, is at best misleading, and only holds a 50/50 outcome which renders it useless
I don't think this data really takes into account America can't do math and don't care about facts! Their opinions are based on how they feel which is controlled by the largest opinion creating propaganda machine that has ever been deployed on the human race!
I cannot imagine a scenario in which the people who need to understand this information will actually bother to.
It is not democrats vs republicans. White vs black. Man vs woman. It is super ultra rich elite vs the plebs. We are all plebs.
Presidential election is like my dog. Constantly wants all the attention. Right now! Always! Feed me! Pet me! What? You want relationships with people? Too bad. Look at me...
If you can give me next weeks winning lottery numbers then ill logically tell you there is only true randomness in a divine world..Not this binary mess of a sandbox where sudo law exist....Numbers is not the answer its just a way to lie an excuse...Beam me up scottie
With GOD all things are possible... Ask and ye shall receive...
With GOD all things are possible... Ask and ye shall receive... Our Father in heaven haloed be thy name protect our President Trump's family and block the wicked bring it to the light and let it be known in Jesus Christ name amen and amen... Repent before it's too late don't let evil take what is already yours.
15:20 isn't that kind of what you expect because Republicans tend to live in rural area's which has a lower population?
I like the tesseract/hypercube on the table behind him.
Couldn't you just compare Benford's law to the number of registered voters in each precinct and then compare it to the votes themselves. If there's nothing out of the ordinary then both graphs would line up? Or am I simplifying this?
Hmmm but would you expect only 60 votes out of a thousand?
This election has singlehandedly elevated the abundance of arm-chair mathematicians.
I don’t see how a normal distribution has got to do with Benford’s law.  Normal distribution is everywhere in nature, and it can emerge especially when large cities are skewed to Democrats, but that does not negate the premise of Benford’s law for this case.  Aren’t you just trying to equivocate so your video doesn’t get banned. Misleading at best
It doesn't follow because 75+ million voters hatred for Trump is an unprecedented variable.
14:20 Trump Tower 😂
Really excellent video. I love that this stands in the face of partisanship and breaks it down to math. Very nice!
You need to go back to school in relearn statistics and probability.
Content is interesting, but the background music makes it difficult to listen and watch it to me...
As if Biden is trying to win Chicago lol, lets do the same analysis with California please I'm sure the results will keep us on the edge of our seats.
*Friday, March 24, 1933 election rigging globalists declared war on Germany.*
I guess the most pro-trump takeaway you can have from the polling data is that Chicago's districts are heavily gerrymandered in favour of Democrats. (Not saying they are, just what you could infer from the 2020 data alone). Though from the map most of them just look like sensible squares or rectangles and not lizard monsters, so I would be sceptical that is the case. In reality it's probably just a very blue city with the red voters sprinkled around fairly evenly and not clumped into a few hotspots.
My favorite variation of Benford's law is for the binary base system :)
So, why do Trump's votes appear to follow Benford's Law?
So what you're saying is that Benford was probably a part of the Deep State! 🤨
Wish you had scrolled to the bottom of that list with thousands of votes not associated with any registered voters. That's a bit sus
Numbers are alive! #TRUMP2020
That ending convinced me you were legit. For a moment, I suspected you to be politically biased like so many creators today.
Considering you totally misunderstood the pattern data in your other video, and made a fool of yourself, no particular reason to pay attention to you on this.
not exactly sure of the purpose of this video if your mathematical conclusion was essentially benford's law does not apply in this case.  is there some other information that we are missing?  or were you trying to prove that there was no need for democratic tampering in Chicago?
Unfortunately,  I got a little stoned before starting this video. Although I have no idea what you are talking about, I believe every word of it.
Biden sus
He said 2,069 pi digits, but if you are ploting in pairs that is impossible. You would have to count an even number (i.e. 2,068 numbers or 2,070 numbers).
Proof positive. There's not a law out there that the blacks follow
I would like to see this done on an area Trump was the favorite. See if trend follows. Also do some more competitive races. Not saying Chicago was wrong but I would have liked to seen more data sets to have some basis of comparison.
Why are you using a state literally no one is pointing to?
Loved this video ❤
So Trump's distribution fits but Biden's is the right one? Should they not look the same as it's taken from the same area? Yes, is the answer. This is just more crap.
Stand up Maths really sticking their neck out covering this knowing the kind of attention it will attract.  Get the popcorn.
Great video and book, thank you. Why not use a test of randomness rather than just comparing to pi?
I know you're a busy man Mr Parker, but can you do this for the 49 remaining states?
Why did you choose Chicago lol Now try the states and counties in question
Bad math with a big smile and a deceithful accent.
You are a Democrat hack.
Good try, but you destroyed your own argument. You also forgot many instances where Biden got more votes than voters in an area and that 100% are for Biden and zero for Trump which is statistically impossible.
Love your unbiased analysis, its so refreshing. Can you comment on this video? "Benford's Law Applied to Pennsylvania Vote Count | Election 2020" https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA
This is anecdotal.   ~Featuring tens of thousands of anecdotes.
6,100 people don't like maths.
can benfords law be applied to the reported 2200 lies that Trump has told since being in office?
This isnt any kind of example of how the election action went 3especially since you Used Chicago
The anomaly in the Trump data could be because his votes were artificially reduced. Assuming you're conserving total number of votes when doing this, that wouldn't change much the distribution of Biden votes because Biden's are all in the large numbers.
This was purposefully misleading, when you choose total votes per precinct for Benford's law, instead of batch sizes.
You could have left "Benford's" out of the title. Would make total sense then. 😂
Excellent work!
ANSWER THIS QUESTION, HOW COME BIDEN SUDDENLY GOT 138,000 VOTES IN THE MIDDLE NIGHT - STATISTICALLY IMPOSSIBLE -
You glossed why Trump's distribution would not also be something other than a Benford distribution.
do the analysis on the per-county data
If you write the numbers in binary, apparently almost all the numbers start with a 1
Looks like a reverse Paredo distribution.
Evil Boss: Will Farrell SNL https://youtu.be/4vFTMjYJTnY
2+2=5 and math is racist! That's what SJW, cancel culture, soyboy, ANTIFA/BLM, neo-marxist feminists have concluded...
Am I seeing things or that 'Trump tower' looking like Barad dur?? 🤔
so... if we see any Trump towers in Biden's data, there is obviously something worth looking into...?
And How over 6000 people came out to simultaneously remover their vote for trump and give it to creepy joe at 4 AM
Why Trailbreaker of all the Transformers? Do you have a collection?
Can you not normalize the numbers? Divide by the numberol of registered voters in the precinct, express as a four digit decimal, and look at the final two digits?
Did you explain why Trump’s seems to follow this law? Why don’t his numbers follow Biden’s? Just because they got different numbers of votes?
Very well done. I am someone who strongly suspects shenanigans this election, but Benford's law violations are no longer one of the things I'm suspicious of. If everything were discussed so openly and honestly there would be no conspiracy theories
Great illustration, the precincts are locked to neighborhoods and you can easily gets results like this. It is an example of how predictability often won't match actual results. In the private sector, this review is needed to manage risk etc. Unfortunately statistics are not taught too much anymore in general education
What are you?  A stefan molyneaux look alike?  Same split screen with chart on left, bald head and white coffee cup?
Excellent analysis!
Is it just me or does anybody think that the transition is too loud
That law does not take into account mail in votes.
Interesting video, though for election analysis seems almost useless.
Nice Transformer in the background!  Is that the encore edition?  Trailbreaker is one of my favorites.
Alright fine, you convinced me with spreadsheets to buy your book.
"Everyone has their own agenda"...Then Promptly push's the sale of his book ..Classic
Long story short.  Trump won more total precincts with a lower average number. Biden won fewer precincts with a higher average number. This causes  a large swing in the variance of average digits to randomize.  2 digits many times vs 3 digits fewer times.
They believe they are above the law
quit messing in our elections  noone cares what you think!!!
Maybe I’m over sensitive, but both vid and comments seem rather strained and left-leaning. Intelligence is no protection from the Bubble
Summary: This video does NOT explain why Biden votes don’t follow the principle while the Trump ones do. Rather, this comes off as apologetic
https://youtu.be/FrJui5d7BrI
Let’s look at the comment section to see what the experts think.
Yeah, Didn't detect any bias in that video then!! 🤣🙄
Americans will never believe a mathematician, they will always believe a lawyer. Hence the number of mathematicians in Congress, Senate is zero. Lawyers, 70%. Its basically how much money they make. Statistically, lawyers make a 171-times more money than mathematicians. Thats all the statistics you need to know in life.
informative, and nice graphics!
Day of month is not a good example.
I looked into this as well. I added up all the counties across the US to get a large enough data set since some states just don't have many counties in them. What I found is both are pretty close to following Bedfords law.. Then I compared it to the past 4 elections.. Also very close, but there are some small spikes across the line. The Republicans did follow it closer when you look at it across the US..  One thing that did that out is Texas with the most counties, didn't follow the curve for Democrats.. Not even close.  Several other states also did not follow, but that can be caulked up to just too small of a data set.  Only tried this with the first digit, didn't try with other combinations yet,, very time consuming to put that type of data together.. Luckily Stanford has a CSV file you can download off Github that helped with past elections.
The Nazis, used unrequired loyalty   to subjugate  theGermans, Trump has done the same ,unrequired loyalty can be exploited for different  porpoises  Extract monies  from subjects , amassing  mobs, in our case ,protest voting count Knowing the different voting laws of any state is easy, but people  prefer  to be told How and where and when ,rather than investigate by themselves , I guess being ignorant is easier , But it allows you  to be manipulated   unrequred loyalty  is given to a person or entity that's. Popular , not necessarily  good,!!!!!!! trump's popularity stem from his ubiquitous presence through   tv  ,thought-out the years, Not necessarily.for his brains   or  his eloquent  oratory !!!!@  1
I almost wrote you off as some ridiculous conspiracy theorist because I was skipping ahead and saw the Trump data with the peak at 20 for the last two digits and you made a claim about it and paused the video not realizing it was sarcasm. I came back to this tab because someone said you were a mathematician and thought how could someone who calls them a mathematician believe this. Glad I decided to keep watching the rest of the video :)
I watched for nearly 11 minutes to find out that something i had never heard of was not worth its weight in gold 😕
What profession does this type of analysis for a living? So interesting.
Why does Bidenss' law super seed Bedford s law a, msm led law?
Could you convert the data to some other numerical system (for example base 16) to get rid of the deviation caused by Trump getting a lot of two-digit results?
Great video explanation, thanks...but you didn’t tell me what I wanted to hear...🧐. Here’s something to use forensic science; soft, non-fossilized, original tissues in dinosaur remains. Www.dstri.org
so which candidate did you prefer?
I totally thought you were the lead singer of creed before clicking on the video.
Should trumps histogram look similar to bidens?
Misapplied law to wrong phenomenon but nice try
I'm seeing some ignorant comments and replies on this video, but on the bright that means the people who need to see it most are watching the video and engaging with it.
Why did you analyze Chicago?  Why not analyze Philadelphia?!?!
Closing note "verify the data" but isn't that what republicans are wanting or rather where wanting to do but where hindered from doing.
I left this video at 0:58 bye ✌️
Definitely not because 95k votes for Biden just suddenly appeared leaving the rest of the votes blank. So why does Trumps results follow Benfords law if Bidens "accurate" results don't?
Oh, so Vladimir Putin WAS honestly elected president of Russia!? I thought that ALL news media claimed otherwise, refering to voting analysts using Benford's law.
This is interesting, but by your own statement, "If a competitive two candidate race occurs..." I would think you could expect wonky results since Chicago will definitely NOT be a competitive Democrat vs. Republican race. I think Chicago is a given for the Democrats at this time.  It would be interesting to see this same analysis applied to the large ballot dumps that took place in Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania in the wee early hours of November 4th. Never mind, I thought, "I bet someone else has already done this" and sure enough, I found a video (well, all of PA votes, not just the dump). I don't want to start any internet drama, but the title is "Benford's Law Applied to Pennsylvania Vote Count | Election 2020" and I found it interesting that one of the comments was a link back to your video, but as I said, I would think that the data sets used might themselves cause people to come to different conclusions (with any of the three states mentioned being much more competitive than Chicago). I'm no mathematician, but would be interested in hearing other's take on the different results and the corresponding data sets used.  👍
Why not apply these tools to the contested counties?
What is even more hilarious is that if you do this with the county votes in Michigan, PA, Nevada, Arizon, and Georgia THEY ALL VIOLATE BENFORDS LAW.  Like come on man, what kind of a shill are you.  You decide to just use Chicago Precincts... umm ok, well use the countywide vote counts in the state.  That is more orders of magnitude.    Please address these concerns because it is insulting to those of us who understand math for you to lie on such a massive platform.
If numbers go in ascending order, shouldn’t most of the numbers start with one and not three?
E X C E L L E N T !
To be completely objective, the point of this video doesn't follow Benford's Law
Help me. Please explain why does Donald Trump's data follow Benfords Law?
Your last 2 digit distribution is random because you had 1,000+ people potentially "making up" numbers where as in your .40 cent scenario the same person make up the numbers. Is that a factor?
I wish you would have explained that if the size of the precincts was the reason that Benford's law doesn't apply then why does it NOT apply to Biden's vote counts but it does apply to Trumps vote counts. At 15:39 you show trump votes with frequency of the last 2 digits and it seems to follow the Benford distribution as well.  Also contrasting Chicago vote totals with something Trump won handedly would have been  educational as well.
It appears the AP forgot GSA is the only call that matters. Lol.
the government and media is corrupt as hell you dont need stats to see that. but it good to know why benfords law isn't necessarily applicable here.
ALWAYS label axes in your plots...
simple answer.. because trump's racist lul. i bet most uninformed voter's just gonna say this
I'm surprised measuring lengths of "stuff" in one's house actually reflects Bendord's Law. Seems like it must depend on how I'm selecting arbitrary points A and B for measuring distance. As with the US election where most precincts have 2 or 3 orders of magnitude, what if I mostly measure my books' spines which are all 6-12"? I'm not exactly living in a library, but if I made a heatmap of where more measurements were made, it would cluster red hot around the bookshelves and coffee tables. No way that would follow Benford's Law...now time to verify 🤣
Because Benford's Law does not always apply as has been proven many times.
Thanks for the detailed and thorough explanation. Very interested in your book after your plug... Now onto another question: why then would FB & Twitter label images showing the Biden/Trump comparison of numbers as "***ual exploitation?" That makes no sense, and I doubt math can actually answer that question, but maybe a computer algorithm deep in Twitter code can...
The AP has called the Presidential race for Joe Biden. See more on GOOGLE. <---- I am so tired of seeing this. I don't care who they WANT the president to be. AP nor any other media outlets "Calls'' and election. It's literally not their job! There are zero media outlets that have official role in elections  counting or results. Where is the fact check on this BS?
Shows chart with Trump votes adhering perfectly to Benford's law. Tells us Benford's law doesn't apply to election data Then proceeds to show us no other comparison past election data, instead goes into mutilating the original question with equation after equation perversion.  Show us comparison data of Romney v Obama, Bill v Bush, Reagan v Carter. All you did was tell us Benford's law doesn't apply to election's then proceeded to show us nothing except one sampling of data from one American city.
The states are running the vote. We are the United States. I trust that all states are following the law.
excellent video thank you
@Stand-up Maths , You should learn this Benford's Law only applies to sets of numbers resulting from a MULTIPLICATION !!!!! The more multiplications you do, the more the frequency of the first number of the rmultiplication results converge to the expected frequency of Benford's LAw.  So if a set of voting results follow the Benfor's LAw it means they were tampered , because it means they were MULTIPLIED by some factors.
Surprisingly entertaining... in a geeky kinda way. Thanks for being a numbers geek. My basic understanding of statistics is extremely limited but it did get me kicked off of jury selection.
The Benford's law conspiracy theorists are too funny. If you apply Benfords law to the age of people in their twenties, ... :-)
The Dude's Eyes.
What I see is barely anyone is voting, or they are being suppressed - just as I was.
Great explanation! What I don't understand is why do the trump votes actually follow benfords law in the same circumstances? Is that just a coincidence?
One might call that a landslide in the making
No. It is not okay to push your agenda if that includes to accuse people with false, non existing or fabricated evidence. That's dirty.
NERDS!!!!
Picking a large city with evenly sized districts is not at all like picking a state with counties of all different populations. Talk about cherry picking data...Very disappointing.
I say we take it to the Math Supreme Court and let them decide about these figures as the stat gurus from each side battle it out. Resist snake oil salesmen's fast-talking. Better than that have another election to decide and double count each vote under video, do not use manipulable machines. Many voters the second go-round will change their votes voluntarily knowing more info about the candidates that came out at the last minute. Stalin said it best, "It's not the voter that counts, it's who is counting the votes". Stalin must have been a pragmatic math/stat major. "The aye's have it is what I heard". And then there are derivatives of derivatives, which said with authority by the Wizard behind the curtain, cleverly sells books to both parties.
Now do it with swing states. Not Chicago/illinois that will always be blue.
learning maths is fun
Because benfords law only applies to real votes
Why did Trumps data follow Benford's law then? Was the data also from Chicago or from somewhere else? Did i miss the explanation?
Why are you the ONLY person trying to say that Bidens data isn't completely fucked? 🤔 ohhh yea..confirmation bias. And yes, since BIDEN'S votes in the swing states were the ONLY votes that didn't follow Benfords law, the aggregate wouldn't show the irregularity as obviously. But you know this... you're just a partisan trying to prove your own confirmation biases. Glad we cleared that up. 😁
I feel like the relatively high amount of dislikes on this video comes from the people who only hear what they want to hear, dismissing anything else.
I just drove across an entire County on the freeway missing two exit trying to pay attention to this guy's graphs, at the end of it all I can ask is did he say anything at all
How would you explain this? https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA
Fantastic work man. Love and thanks from the US.
As a Republican and a Trump voter, I thank you for your video. That really helped me understand the concept. I wanted to check and see if any of the arguments stood up on the other side, and they do. Looking at both sides is so important. Thanks a lot. Love your video.
Please add subtitle, I'm confused because I'm not an English speaker
Biden is perseus. Yuri Bezmenov. Resist to subversion.
Trump won!
I think people are just looking for excuses to get Biden out of office...     And I don’t blame them
I would like to know how to use Benford's law to gauge Washington states governors race and presidential outcome. Would seem that 39 counties have been told who will govern by 15 counties seems odd in the fact that all counties besides the 15 should be at least 30-50% difference where the overall was 60%. Not indicative of the nation either.
This is a pointless video. You should look bigger and do the math on that.
You curtsy to a queen my friend?
I was hoping this video would clear up anything fishy but it only made it worse
What if we considers occurms razor?
It just puzzling to me, riots, murder, dems don't do anything about it and basically support it. I got it, lets vote for Dems!
The break in Binford’s law was in multiple states, not just a set of districts in 1 state. Try applying this to every major city in every swing state.  You’re definitely pushing an agenda
I was wondering when Benford's law would come into play. Thanks
Math is so racist. REEEEEE🧂🇺🇸💯
So... why did Trump's vote counts reflect Benford's Law?
So why does Trump's leading digit look like Benford's law?
He did a good job explaining the math for this specific dataset.  I gave it a thumbs  down though because it is a head fake.  It tells us  nothing at all about whether the votes in the battleground states are legit.  This is part of the brainwashing  Scott Adams refers to.  This video "debunks" one tiny little claim subtly implying that all the claims are equally invalid.  I assume Benfords law is used legitimately by someone, somewhere, how about a video about that?
So you're shilling for Biden. Got it. LMAO
“So as you can see the stats prove our lies are correct and accurate”....
That’s ok, I think we have figured out the answer to that question on our own. It’s not so much about math, but about integrity.
Chicago is probably the most corrupt city in the US. I’d be skeptical of any data coming from there and just assume it’s trash.
Doesnt the trump numbers at the end look like it follows binfords law? It’s basically taking 2 digits only and checking their frequency.  Am I on the right track here? Interesting video. Chicago is still corrupt AF.  It’s pretty hard to argue for them and their... let’s say...rich history of unusual practices.
It would be great if Trumpists had an IQ above room temperature in order to understand this..
Its almost like, some algorithm was taking votes from trump and giving them to biden. If you take 2 votes from trump, and give them to biden, trump's distribution would be exactly two digits back on the distribution.
Hmmm why don't you do the same analysis, but use the county numbers in Pennsylvania?  I think your bias is showing.
As you said yourself don't take anyones word for it, they are probably trying to push an agenda, yours my friend is as clear as day,
I guess this moves the goal-posts one step back... If the Biden distribution is due to the underlying distribution of votes in the counties, then the question is now, why is the Biden voting distribution of the "data itself" so anomalous? (And Trump's distribution not so much?).
Disclaimer by google on this math
Very cool. I ran into a Trump fan touting another YouTube video claiming to use Benford's Law to show irregularity in the 2020 election results, in relation to the vote totals in Pennsylvania (I live next door in Delaware). I viewed it, and it didn't pass my sniff test (I don't bust it out that often, but I do have a degree in Mathematics). So I looked up Benford's Law, which I had not heard of before, and it was immediately obvious that it was not applicable -- a relatively small sample size (100-something voting districts), most of which were roughly the same size, and not a huge variation between candidates' totals in most of them.   In short, exactly what you just showed here. Bookmarked for future reference, thanks!
I am probably missing something here, but I believe he just downloaded the "results" of the election in one place. What if the "results" had already been manipulated?  There used to be a saying, Garbage In, Garbage Out.  I understand that prominent Democrats (including Elizabeth Warren) were also concerned about these machines about two years ago.
You don't need to be mathematician  to know there is not a chance in hell Biden won more votes than Obama.
This is MISLEADING AND WRONG. It's a straw man explanation. Biden's Mail-in votes fail Benford test in Atlanta, even though his election day votes pass. That's what's being alleged. Not total votes: https://youtu.be/x_jSsTlU9CA
Yes, but Trump can count to potato.
So uh... Benford’s Law uses the logarithms of the values, not the values in and of themselves.
Bravo . Fascinating stuff and clearly and amusingly presented
Fortunately, my US hardcover copy of Humble Pi has the UK cover.
This video is junk.  I trust Dr. Shivia at MIT.  He did foia requests on the machines and did actual data analysis for algorithms.
Biden's "FOUND" votes, 😏
It is not mathematically possible for Biden’s numbers to be random and for trumps to not be random in the same us election
Would it be valid to check Benford’s Law after applying some linear transformation that would expand the data to cover multiple orders of magnitude?
As I see it, it looks as though the data for trump has been manipulated. The question for me is who can do this and how? Also, I don't think this is one of the contested areas, which is what most of us are interested in. Thanks for the video.
Dude doesn’t disprove anything. Just says Benford doesn’t apply and then obfuscates for 15 minutes while the graph damns precisely what he’s claiming. Typical gaslighting.
If the Biden anomaly is due to the precinct size being the same then why does Trump not have a similar distribution?
See Trump follows the law.
Brilliant, clear and entertaining :-)
Everyone can proof by himself that Biden loose.
Trump tower?  That's the Eye of Sauron and you know it.  xD
8:30 Which is what you get if you add up loads of randomly distributed numbers.
Benfords law mainly works for exponential growing Data (such as total population) and there it's obvious why it works.
So these "tests" are practically rubbish? Math is not my strong suite. I would be glad to be educated further.
What does Chicago have to do with anything. Its Detroit, Philadelphia, and Atlanta everyone is concerned with.
Let's see what you say in a little bit.  Laughing all the way.
So why do Trump's votes follow Benford's Law?
>Dead people voting for Biden >Double voters vote Biden,  >Anti-Trump mathematicians: "it's normal distribution"
Chester County and Delaware County, Pennsylvania the vote totals to registered voters is very suspicious. Chester County had 157,000 registered dems. Biden won 187,000 votes. Registered Repub. Was 155,000 and Trump only received 128,000 votes. Biden gained 30,000 votes and Trump lost 26,000 votes. Delaware County Trump lost 44,000 registered republican voters. Biden only lost 2,000 registered dems. The numbers are definitely suspect considering registered party affiliation.
If the modal first digit is 4,5,6 then what does the peak at 3 mean?
Radiolab
What is the Trump graph equivalent to that shown for Biden at 9:25 ?
I will never believe that the Democrats did not steal this election.
Joe biden use smartmatic win donald trump
Joe biden use smartmatic win donald trump
If one side makes the rules then its not valid. Republicans did not agree to mail in voting.  Imagine if voter ID was required without Democrat input and Trump won.  The media would be saying Trump stole the election based on that alone.    The difference is,   Democrat legislatures did get to vote on voter I.D but they overturned it using the unelected branch.
Liberal pos
There is a giant unanswered question in this video.  Both were in Chicago.  Both were in the same precincts.  Why do Trumps numbers match Benford's law and Bidens do not?  Not explained.
I'd like to know how Biden and Trump are the two best people in America to run the country sure Trump is an upgrade to osama bin laden but still there is no one else
This video was great. Now do COVID data. I’m sure fascinating things will emerge.
I have been looking into this. And bear with me, math is not my forté.  But with the data u analyze, i can def. Understand what you are saying.  Yet, when other mathematicians and forensic accountants look at data like PA's 67 counties. Huge anomalies show up as well. Those however do not look at the last 2 digits.  So could you maybe explain, or look into those datasets?
After 11 minutes, the spike at 40c could be because they copy & pasted the same value, and then only bothered to change the dollar values.  Just a thought.
A great many people who still think of themselves as Republicans are ashamed to have Trump in the white house. The vote wasn't anti-Republican; it was anti-Trump.  So many who kept voting for Republican senators and representatives ALSO voted for Biden.  The choice was that simple - Yes Trump or No Trump.  Good people across the country, regardless of their usual party-alignment, voted Trump out.
Yaaaaas.  Maths for the WIN!
Math has never been my favorite subject, but I think it’s likely because much of the math is been doing was calculus, or math that is not very applicable to...let’s call it “ordinary life”.  In any case, I ended up on this video somehow 🤷‍♀️ and despite my general dislike for playing with numbers, I enjoyed the video and it’s practical application.  Cheers!
what is the number you're referring to? first number in ss#?
Should it rather be called Benford's conjecture?
Trump won.
Okay. Now lets see both these tests on the national level.
Why does the US get the inferior cover art?
Chicago is a bad test case because it’s primarily Democratic for Biden.  Better to select Phoenix Arizona or Georgia perhaps where the debate is centered...
If you quit putting punchable faces as click bait i would probably watch more of your vids
How does that relate to the voting machine "glitch"?
You didn't explain why Trump's graph did follow Benfords Law....
Thank You! ! !
I was always taught in statistics that when you get perfectly spread out/"random" results, as he is describing, that was actually evidence of falsified data. Because truly randomized data will be clumped up and not look pretty. If paint is splattered on a wall, it will not paint the wall perfectly even. You will have a mess of paint, and spots that are missing. This is a good example of researcher bias.
This is an interesting explanation of how Benfords Law does not apply to Chicago's election results. I am glad to get some perspective that this law does not always apply.  What we need to see is an evaluation of the swing states in question and how the  data stacks up.  We could get a much better order of magnitude by pulling data from all precincts and counties, then use the combined data to evaluate all states under dispute.   This data would carry a broader order of magnitude and almost even total of votes for both sides.   I would expect similar graphs for both sides ... If it's lopsided there's definitely something worth digging into.
Nobody cheats in Chicago. More persuasive way to do this is use swing state data and make sense of irregularity. Because in Chicago you are guaranteed to get an explanation. I mean seriously, if Trump won Chicago will you believe it?
Man you should state thatss its important to watch all the way through
I never liked math classes. But one thing I learned is that you can manipulate numbers to favor your point of view, whatever that may be.
couldent a candidates vote data spike if their votes were being thrown out just as if they were being added?
... or the Trump votes are getting chopped down
I had to down vote and here’s why:  Video: Trump’s election results follow Benford’s Law and Biden’s doesn’t, want to know why?  Me: yes I do.   Video: too bad I’m not doing that.
Ok...so let’s see the data sets for the contested states.
You didn't even analyze the correct state that was being argued. You are a clown stay out of our election you arent an American
TDS: Trump Derangement Syndrome
Brilliant, thank you!
Hahaha - Political commentary with a splash of math
Before watching the video, I'm guessing rural vs city voters? Trump gets more rural voters and as such the numbers are generally lower and more likely to start with 1 while Biden gets voters from more populated areas and as such the numbers start out higher, maybe coalescing on whatever the smallest population size Joe Biden is regularly winning?
+
So...that said there should be a recount. .thx for doing the research. Congratulations on your mentions.
Matt, I love your coffee mug moment just before you reveal the norma distribution.
Consistent percentage
Your coffee is empty??
Did he say Chicago??? Oh my.. he should have also done the State of Pennsylvania.  Nice. Send this to Anderson Cooper.
Did he say tax returns are "publicly" available??  What or who's tax returns are these??
IL is the most corrupt state in the US.  This is how Kennedy won in the 1960's they used this state to make him win and then they killed him when he went against the deep state.  Not the best state to use
Isn't explaining Benford's law actually very simple? If you pick a random number (as you do in nature), then the _only_ situation where the distribution of all leading digits up until the number you picked is flat (i.e. you have the same number of all leading digits) is when your number contains only the highest digit in your number system (e.g. 99, 999, 9999, etc.). Otherwise, higher digits will _always_ occur less frequently than lower digits, because you _have to get there first._  Lower leading digits (like 1, 2 and 3) are more likely to show up than higher ones (9, 8, and 7), if you pick _any_ random number. In other words, *the lower the digit, the more frequently it occurs."  I'm not even joking when I say I thought this was intuitive enough that you would arrive at this conclusion without Benford's help. It becomes even more apparent when you compare number systems, but you don't have to, and most people never bother with that anyway.
If you calculate the logarithms of numbers from 1 to 9, and subtract one from the next as a percent, you get Benford's Law exactly (check at 1:32), there's nothing magical about those numbers. Like the guy said, you need a large sample that spans SEVERAL orders of magnitude for Benford's distribution to show up. 1	0.0000	30.1% 2	0.3010	17.6% 3	0.4771	12.5% 4	0.6021	9.7% 5	0.6990	7.9% 6	0.7782	6.7% 7	0.8451	5.8% 8	0.9031	5.1% 9	0.9542	4.6%
IT IS CALLED DOMINION SOFTWARE     THAT IS HOW YOU CHANGE THE VOTES
Occam's razor
*Biden supporters* "Facts and laws apply to thee and not for me".
Ok
But are the Trump votes from the same area? If so, why would Trump votes follow it but not Biden's?
Saw this video and thumbnail in my recommended videos sidebar for a few days now. I thought it was some anti-Biden conspiracy. I finally clicked it out of curiosity. Definitely threw me for a loop. So that was neat.  One tiny criticism is that the "Donald Trump - vote total frequency" graph at the very end (15:46) looks so weird because it's mis-scaled. If you shrunk the x-axis from 0-1360 to something more appropriate like 0-500, then it would look much more normal.
am i 10,000?
I enjoyed the video and your explanation.  I understand why the Biden results don't follow Benford's Law.  The one thing I must have not understood though is why Trump's results do follow Benford's Law.  Shouldn't Trump's results be off due to the same rationale?  My apologies if I am missing something obvious here.
Is he saying the results are suspicious or not?
Crickets????  Crunch the Numbers Fromm Michigan , Wisconsin , Pennsylvania, Georgia...
The real question is why do Biden's votes not follow US election law?
some data set 'not following Benford's Law' provokes interest, and perhaps suspicion, however, which is why this video was made. some situations, like the 2020 US presidential election, require a more resolved view. that is fair play - we owe that much to ourselves.
In the words of Florence nightingale,  who cares.
Cope.
Starting the video, I'll give my guesses. Let's check which are true and which I have missed: -human ages do not follow Benford's Law (they do in naturally growing populations, but not in those where there has been a big demographic change, like the baby boom). -related with the former, due to voting laws the range of the ones is quite restricted, since only people aged 18, 19 or more than 100 can be counted. -a lot of naturally occurring numbers do not follow Benford's Law unless the data has been processed (like with a deviation from average). -vote is guided by experience and environment, so the sign of the vote of an age group is decided by how well the politicians catered to said age group.  EDIT: OK, failed most because I mistook what we were checking (I believed it was age, but it was vote totals).
I think people should have a certain level of education to be able to vote, because a lack of it could be a detriment to society as a whole. oh wait R>I>P
You can get a pseudo-Benford distribution by changing your number base.  There is no need to stick to decimal.  Not saying it will work with this data set though.
Chicago and nor Illinois are not the state we had issues in. That is a Democrat strong hold.  The swing states of Michigan  , Pennsylvania,  Wisconsin, Georgia are where the huge issues are.  So you have no idea about those states.
17 minutes of my life I will never get back.
In your "unbiased" explanation...you left out on thing that makes this explanation junk.   You revealed two major discrepancies....and brushed them off as insignificant because the point you were trying to make, you felt was proven.   HOWEVER, you didn't cross check your work.   All work comes out to 0 in a cross check.  Explain those two massive discrepancies please.
Chicago? Try PA, Wisconsin and Michigan. Cmon man.
No one even said this was about Illinois or Chicago. Its Wisconsin and Michigan vote totals that Biden violates Bendords law over n over again. Hes trying to debunk data that no one is debating over on purpose to deflect you and to make you think the many PHD professors pointing this out are wrong. Try again bud im not a weak minded left wing media puppet who believes everything the media tells me. Especially when 90% of american media is owned by the democrat party.
Statistician is someone who doesn't have the brains to be a mathematician or the personality to be an accountant! This video here can be presented to reverse the claim here! Waste of time indeed
I think your right. We dont need Benfords law. Can you perhaps explain how it would be possible for Biden to receive more votes than registered voters? There is a word for it but evades me rn..
I'm afraid most Trump supporters are too far gone to accept this or even to understand this...
Not if there is constant cheating
Great work!
Wait. Not arguing for trump but couldn’t that huge spike in low 2 digit be that votes were not being counted or discarded ?  Can you do one on an area that is fairly equal. Choosing  Chicago could be problematic. The more we use computers to count these votes the harder a detection using these laws could be.  You did say humans are bad at being random but a  voting system may not be.
What can be expected from those damned and determined to elect aspiring dictators ?  Follow the law ?  Permit inspection by your opponents ?  Free and Fair elections ?  As the bandito leader said in the movie Treasure of Sierra Madre, "Badges?  We don't need no stinkin' badges !"  The future tyranny of the U.S. government is occurring NOW; it's just not being revealed by a so called Main Stream Media to the masses to comprehend it.
Now if everyone can calm down and do scientific work like this, and explain it like this in the audits efforts, and the lawsuits, the result would straighthen people's confidence in the election system and would move on.  Thing is:  You have one side that can't have any confidence in what the media/dem/bigtech says. And the other who can't give any credit to anything Trump says.
ok
I am not interested in your science!!!  Says every democrat...
Why wouldn't you analyze the Philadelphia data?  Isn't that were the major disputes are?  I'd love to see what comes out of your analysis there.  Nobody disputes Chicago's results.
Pull up the 2016, 2012, and 2008 Democrats numbers and show me what those graphs looks like.
Funny, the IRS uses this. The reason it is called a law is because it doesn't change, no matter how you twist it.
11/16/2020 - TRUE STORY This video has 9,844 comments. If you use the up arrow count for each comment  as the data set, you MIGHT see Benford's law in action, depending on censoring guidelines established by  Google at the time. I've done this on a number of forums, and I strongly recommend writing a script to collect this data. Best to all, red or blue.
So, you're saying Biden fraudulently won the election?
in undergrad classes, we had to use a specific website that provides you with actual random numbers [within set parameters] to truly provide randomness for data analysis
Nobody is disputing Chicago.. why don't you analyze Atlanta? Philadelphia? etc???
Throwing this out there. Maybe the weird spike for Trump "tower" can be vote suppression, because look at the other states or cities (outside the flipping states) you don't see that in there.
Well this was enlightening and disappointing. Thank you.
Why would you ever go from 1 to 200? That's super non-intuitive. 1 to 100 would be a more apt example...
Oh right, it's problematic when it's not convenient.
5:30 what is the function for that graph
Who knew the guy from cash cab was British, and a mathematician
They already have the evidence to over throw election, they are just getting ready for the criminal investigation. One thing I’ve learned is when Trump is confident and cocky.. say he’s gonna win.. I have no reason to doubt him because he has proved me wrong every time
I liked that you included the statistics "bait" toward the end that "proved" that Trump's votes were manipulated, which hopefully showed some smug Biden supporters that they too should be humble and realize that statistics can play into their confirmation bias, just like anyone else.  No one is immune to cognitive biases, but recognizing them in the wild will help you avoid being manipulated. Stay informed and keep your eyes open!
Now that was a roller coaster. It was great.
Like covid19 does not match benfords law😀
If you measured between zero and one meter you wouldn't get Benford using the usual measurement, but it you measured by micrometers, but with an engineering "slop" factor, you would.
that would make sence if BOTH sides had the same curve, so if Biden votes are not inside a Benfords but rather a normal distribution, how come the Trump curve is not EVEN close to it? taken into account most people have a 2 option system, if one candidate fits the normal distribution, would the other side of the votes not fit one aswell? honest question, not trying to spark poop....
Superb!  Thank you!
You've been proven wrong by M.I.T.
I appreciate this analysis and it's a useful tool for understanding stats. But as a Chicagoan, I'd hazard very few people would be convinced that their understanding of this as a indicator of corrupt elections is wrong. In their minds, the fact that Chicago's election results are as to be expected is just proof of how ingrained the corruption is here blah, blah, Mayor Dailey, JFK, blah. For some reason, conservatives have type cast Chicago as their go to example of "democrat city bad." Funny that.
Right. Every side should put forth  their best attempt at disinformation, something the Democrats have traditionally been disadvantaged at.
I use a base 10, I think, I count on my fingers.  If I also use my toes is it base 20?  Not a math guy but trying to learn.
Only matters because certain things always stay on the curve, Biden by 4am had a line that jumped straight up as Trumps number leveled off. The graph ends up as a F, Biden's numbers jumped a few hundred thousand when the swings states stopped counting, yet by 4:30 Biden had taken 5 states.
You selected Chicago for some reason, but there are other areas where EVERY candidate's vote distribution follows Benford's law, except Joe Biden.
where are all the conservatives in the comments section admitting they were wrong?
I paused at 1:57 but I'm going to keep watching to see if you get to it; because there where a few places that tabulated at 105%+ voter turn out...so I'm curious as to how voter registration can exceed 100% with account to newly registered voters
Google anti-Trump bias proved:  https://youtu.be/zKy9HLeh-hU
What about the second digit, or the last digit? Shouldn't that give you more answers that aren't affected by the distribution of votes?
Biden's votes represent Bull$h!t's Law.
Off topic... This guy is HOT.
Thank you for your thoughtful explanations about Benford's law and elections  and also your explanations about the voting clusters Dr Shiva shown (in another video)   It's important to get to the bottom of the issues.
Just to be clear is this guy saying Binfords or Benfords?
So why Trump match it?
Then what do you think of Dr. Shiva analysis of data in Michigan? Can you cover that?
The best statistic is how google organizes top comments, can u please do that in your next vid
Who the hell are you quoting @00:47 ???
so could it indicate some Trump votes were not scanned/counted (to cause a different distribution than the expected Normal Distribution that Biden shows for this area)?
3:30 an example you'd want is: if you were only measuring things between 20 and 40 cm, you'd get nothing starting with a 1...
Bullshit!  If the districts are skewing Biden's data then they would be relected in Trump's data as well...nice try!
Great explanation, thanks for the clarification :) Never trust the government, always trust the math.
This sir, is legit stand up maths. Cheers.
You may want to wait until after the investigations are over to get the accurate amount of votes for Trump at this point there is certain evidence just on the voting machines alone that approximately 2.7 million votes have been switched or deleted that came in for President Trump just saying you might want to wait until it's all settled
Great irrelevant analysis.  The problem wasn't in Chicago, it was in Detroit.
Just out of curiosity I did this for my home countries covid cases data and it's scary how accurate it is
So it works.. but it doen't work... but it works... but it doesn't work. You sell used cars for a living don't you.
3:17 Depends on your accuracy. You might measure very small things.
Biden is NOT pres-elect! Dems already lost!
At 9:12 I can recognize a Poisson distribution and not a Normal one.
Dont expect a judge to understand math
What is a lead digit?
How could you compare vote frequency with first vote digit number? Mind blowing🤯
So what's the reason behind the odd Trump distribution then? Chucking another conspiracy theory into the fray... if they didn't doctor the Biden votes, what if they simply threw out Trump votes?
The moral.....Don't use on SMALL POPULATIONS!!! Just like the measuring tape...population too small=doesn't work.
12:42 I wonder whether the total of muffin and coffee was 1:82, 2:82, 3:82 ....
Maths: look at Bidens data, looks weird right  Me: BIDEN IS SUS  MATHS: don’t worry he’s fine. well look at trumps weird data, I call it trumps tower  ME: TrUMp SuS
You're doing this assuming the votes are legal though, which apparently many were not.  So you're assuming conclusions based on flawed data.
Nice show!
Thank you, Matt Parker! Analyzing Chicago is not enough! I am hungry for more of 2020 Election. The previous ones are under doubt from now on as well.
Hi Maths Guy, well done. A very good analysis of voting analysis and the potential risks of employing one system over another.  What I dont understand are the negative comments, you were completely impartial, or have I missed something? Perhaps you should run the figures on your likes and dislikes to determine if a World (mathematical) Super Power is trying to thwart your book sales? More power to you, I'm now a subscriber and a fan. Many thanks for making stats enjoyable.
The best part of this video was that you asked people to verify the stuff you said about your own book! Integrity that is.
America is fighting the biggest battle .. without know who the enemies are. "Use opponent’s force to combat against himself" --- Ip Man, Kung Fu Legend CCP is using the strength of America, left vs right, to destroy itself.
Please label your axis,... shame on you
If biden wins the country loses,biden,harris,pullmylosi.aoc,the four horsemen we are doomed
The AP has called the Presidential race for Joe Biden. See more on Google.  (The AP and Google can go F@ck themselves)
Why so many dislikes?
i'm  buying this book!
Good video on showing that showing that when someone says: "X statistical, law shows that I'm right", means that we have to do a sanity check on the application of the statistics and the conclusion they draw from it.
Biden 'had a tight normal distribution because he was overwhelming favourite', is an assumption of yours.  The alternative is that it could have been massaged towards this.
STOP the STEAL!!
Why not check only the last digit, not last two? wouldn't that be random?
hey, can you help me with the COUNTIFS function? Just can't seem to get it.
This info is all for nothing if most of Biden votes came from Trump
You get many stars for remaining impartial and talking about the topic in an intelligent, informational, and objective manner (recognizing that you may not really care either way due to being from another country). It is important that we remain even-handed, dot our i's and cross our t's.
VIVE LE TRUMP
Did you look at the 2016 Trump Clinton data?  Rather than use dividends and expenses or an academic discussion — why not use the 50 states each with hundreds of counties, plus 34 Senate races and probably 50 other statewide races to see which of those follow Benford or not.  These data are out there.    What do they show?
God bless you, President Donald J Trump and Mayor Giuliani🙏. The deep state police V populous puppet show is over ✊. Trump 2020 #PoliceReform ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️#RoseIckeV #ThereIsNoCOVID19 #Trump2Q2Q #Trump2020 #QAnon  #NonCCPWorld2021 #HydroxychloroquineWorks #NonMaskingWorks #NonVaxingWorks #SaveOurChildren #FauciFired
if your taxes had so many inconstancy as this elections you would be audited like a mothafucka  but its ok to not hold the most power election on earth to the same standared.....becasue orange man bad  tell me deep deep down if trump had these numbers and figures aka more  votes than voters in some places and soo soo much more everyone would be LOSING THEIR MINDS, it true  a
The sun is actually a mile away the same distance of the empty space between your ears
so trump won, trump2020
Looks like you proved Trump's votes were intentionally manipulated down.
Now look into Philly
Trump Tower looks like Benford's law. It looks like all of Trump's data follows Benford's curve.
There are three types of lies....,..,. Lies damn lies and statistics..,.. Mark Twain
I really despise clickbait videos that display a false picture that has nothing to do with the damn video the picture looks like it's about the election but then you got the unmitigated Gall to go out and say it has nothing to do with elections you're an asshole
Never heard of Benford's Law before, but its shape looks like a Poisson distribution
could you do this again using detroit or philly
When you quote someone please add the source. Was it Stephen Hawking or a 2nd grader?
I love that trump example towards the end. Lovely stuff.
Hi Matt and Stand Up Maths! Love all your videos and work. One question I have that was perhaps answered already, is why does Trump's data follow Benford's law, when Biden's doesn't? It seems they would both follow about the same degrees of magnitude. I.e. I get why Biden's doesnt; but is the fact that Trump's does just some artifact of the data? Is it because a lot of precincts reported number in the teens voting for trump?
As a retired stats prof (hopefully not Dannycode's), I wanted to thank you for clearly explaining your process and the underlying theories. I'm always (yes, still) looking for interesting examples of phenomena. to use.
why not use other elections instead of pie?
you literally picked the lamest example
why not do a contested state instead of an obvious one its almost pointless this way
Honest question, if you claim the order of magnitude (or lack thereof) to explain why Biden’s votes don’t follow Benford’s law, then shouldn’t Trump’s votes also not follow Benford’s law, for the same reason?
I swear this guy is related to Michael Palin from Monty Python!!!!
>~> thanks lex luther
Stand-up Maths "@Stand-up Maths" President Trump does not have to concede: The constitution amendment 12 gives the House of Representative the right to re-elect Trump; there are 50 states in Congress and 37 are republican and only 13 are democrats. Trump is Re-Elected !
What are some methods you can use to help prevent errors in spreadsheet calculations?
It's bc no one has fact checked and ran the numbers " for their own sanity " That things are the way they are.  Media can spin a story however they like  Social media can ban and censor and half the population support them for doing so..
So is this accurate? https://www.reddit.com/r/dataisbeautiful/comments/jubybn/oc_election_results_vs_benfords_law/
Because Biden's votes were towed in a wagon at 4 AM out the back of a U-haul truck, etc. See the videos for yourself before they "violate community guidelines"
Explain why these votes don't follow US law
Can we use this method on COVID-19 statistics?
It took thirty+ woman to turn in Cosby as a rapist before people believed it was true. How many hundreds of people will have to dipose thier experience of the left cheating before we know it's true? How many instances of them cheating haven't even gone noticed? How can we trust the system at all now? Basically the left just killed democracy. Voting will never be the same, it will always be compromised. Another system will need to be created, I suggest a system that requires two witnesses one from each party to sign each ballot while they are filled out, along with a state ID for each voter being confirmed by each signer.
I learned about this in 5th grade..if you have 6 black socks and 6 brown socks loose in a drawer how many should  you need to make a pair   3 because you will get a pair if you pull 3 socks out of the drawer
If Biden was popular enough to win, why were the congressional results not indicating the same.
Well Benford's Law won't get you elected, The will/ Law of the American people will.
Math guys should certify elections, not politicians.  Just sayin.
Why did you pick Chicago ?
He has brown teeth so hes correct
THIS VIDEO IS A DEEPFAKE I DOUBLE CHECKED
If 1% of viewers watch this video on how hackers can hack counts, in a undetectable way, we can restore our democracy https://youtu.be/DzBI33kOiKc
How to Lie with Statistics
I think this guy is a Biden supporter.
The "Trump tower" analogy xD Love the indirect stabs
Based on the title alone I was all fired up to expect some moron attempting to misuse Benfords Law in an ignorant attempt to prove some conspiracy. Instead, I watched a strong coverage of the scenarios of when it is & is not applicable. Plus a sound recommendation that it is only an indicator, to determine if further investigation is required.  Excellent work.
As goes Chicago, so goes the nation. Uh, no.
Bendfords indicates not confirms.  Its admissible in court regardless.
Look other than Chicago.
wow just wow this is the most dishonest video on the topic. Why arent you citing your sources, your citation is for the second digit only. Going to need a bit more than that. Ughh a little dishonest and I think your basis is showing. You should be ashamed of yourself. Now I am going to have to spend time explaining why you are wrong and boring people. Thanks a lot.
So were one inclined to cooking ones books, one should employ a random number generator. Got it.
I'm curious as to why the North American version of Humble Pi has a different cover.
100% of North Koreans vote for Kim Jong Un each election. He's the only candidate because he's "such a good leader."
Possibly been  more pertinent had you chosen Philadelphia ?
Does this explanation demand close to 100% voter turnout (turnout of population not just registered voters)?
Dominion - and "Smart-Matic" -  a perfect combination to STEAL elections ALL Around the World. AND THEY DID ! ! !
The presumption here being that all votes were legitimate and all tallying legitimate.  In that this is Cook County, IL., that's quite a stretch.
Pi's digit stream is not random.  See Robert Edvard Grants data
What would happen if you sampled all the swing states?  Shouldn't the limit approach a log distribution?
Hence the saying; lies, damned lies and statistics.
The evidence you present lacks an explanation as to why trump votes do not also diverge from Benford's law. To make this really convincing you should have also showed the distribution from 8:55 but for trump votes. Presumably, if you showed that distribution it would be shifted downward (i.e. to the left) such that much of its mass spanned two and three digit numbers, thereby explaining why the red distribution follows Bendord's law.
We won a war almost 250 years ago so we didn't have to listen to the British, sorry
This is going to be the worst parker square of your life.
I guess it's impossible for americans right now, but it's funny how so many comments seem to ignore that the video isn't a political statement, but a statistics lesson.
thanks for fact checking you should join snopes or politico, please be around to explain to us what happens in December
So Benford's law is as useful as PCR tests 🤷‍♂️
This is superb! This video is the reason I have now subscribed to you!
Holy crap, You should be an official debunker on any math methods done on this election. I don’t understand anything that you said, but it was impressive
Umm...Interesting...BUT, I'm mostly interested in WHAT U THINK THIS SEVERE difference is caused from...I think u ran away from applying that, & it makes be think your Humble book would b of the same ilk, perhaps!!! Let us know if u come up with an answer...THATS A BOOK I'd b quite interested in buying! Thx
Wow.  You should learn some math.
this is way over my head ... But I DO know one thing ,   Trump WON
I’d would appreciate the exact same analysis of the Trump vote.  Specifically, why did it not follow the Branford Law expected distribution?
Why not do this on a contested state? Rather Chicago which is a skewed population heavily democratic city.... Obviously you don't want to get banned from Youtube but you should at least try telling the listeners the bias in the population.
Chicago has 77 neighborhoods and maybe four or five would go for Trump more than Biden.  Those areas are filled with law enforcement.  That's why imo you have a spike.  Chicago is the most segregated large city in america.  It has many ethnic  enclaves.  What you might want to look at is Detroit, Pittsburg, Philadelphia, Tuscon, and Atlanta.
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
Sidney Powell With Lou Dobbs: Release The Kraken https://youtu.be/SFCXPw1t17o
How about the entire state of Illinois? Chicago is 99% democrat
I've never seen this amount of sour losing in a US election, but it makes sense that Trump is the one to do it. Makes me wish democrats would be more litigious every time they lose elections too and never concede.
Thank you for being an entertaining educator, the world needs more of the same.
All those dislikes. All people saying no, I disagree with maths. Maths are fake news!  Lol
Why does the Laufer curve not actually work?? Trickle down is/was a scam!
Meanwhile, the random joe in the u.s. falls easy prey of logical fallacies pushed by the media, and their vote counts just as much as a math professor or CEO or any other competent person. They've actually made people believe there's systemic racism, even if the data clearly shows quite the opposite picture; but all they do is throw in total pop, as if that matters. Say you have 5 red and 5 blue thiefs, and police chases 1 red and1 blue, there's no bias right? What the media does, they say ''blue total pop is 50, and red total pop is 500... racism! police is chasing 10% of blues and only 1% of reds!''  Of course, we can see total pop is irrelevant, it's the 5 and 5 that count. But yes, something as simple as this... is re-iterated on all media (NYT, washington post, la times, etc... all the lefty propaganda news), and people somehow fall for it. It's repeated so much, that you can't even convince these people of the logical fallacy. I was aware people fall easy prety, but these last events just showed the extent of it. I don't think there's a way out.
"Why do Biden's votes not follow Benford's Law?"  Biden's votes did not seem to follow any laws.
Stop the seal! Stop the seal!     There’s a loose seal, and it needs to be stopped. Its name is Lucille.
I just watched some of TechFinPro videos and they used forensic accounting analysis on the last digits of the vote counts. Mostly they were uniform, for all the uncontested states, and at the national level. But when they ran their algorithms against Arizona, Georgia, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania, significant deviations emerge. They do not see the anomalies in all cases in these states, for instance when viewing all down ballot candidates there is only slight deviation, but when switching to president only, they are very concerned about what they see. Would be great if you looked at their stuff and see where they're wrong.
wrong, the reason is that biden and his voters are crooks and do not care about any law
Can you imagine using binary then trending ones and zeroes. This robot can 🤖. Great video! Would be interesting to check previous Chicago election results too.
Ever hear of the scientific method of testing. This is far from that. Why are you wasting peoples time. One small sample of the data taken out of context is hardly doing this justice. I would think "Stand-up Maths" would have the skills to use ALL the data along with a control sample.
The Kraken is coming prepare yourself Maths Boy.
Remember THE UNTOUCHABLES? as Sean Connery said “Chicago Rules not Benford’s”
On 11/23 The States certify the votes... On 12/14 The Electoral College convenes... On 01/06 The Congress votes on The EC vote... On 01/20 President Trump's first term ends, at Noon. On 01/20 President Trump's second term, begins at Noon..
As your last example with Trump's voting figures shows, it seems statistics can be compiled to demonstrate pretty much whatever the compiler wants it to, unfortunately when these accurate though misleading stats are released by the media there is never any further context given so anyone watching will come away believing them at face value.
Thank you for your contribution.
“How else but by agitation and propaganda can the word, the sparks, and the lessons of struggles waged by now one, now another, section of the masses be spread nationwide?” Marxist.org It’s time to undo the work of the Republics DOMESTIC ENEMIES! 😎🇺🇸🗽❤️
I got one word for rigging an election: Gerrymandering
So close to beginning of your vid you say ‘it’s problematic when using to look at election info’ then you show the yr 2000 election stats and it seems to go according to Benfords law...
THIS is VERY engrossing. I subbed on this clip alone! You speak well, very engaging and enthusiastic.
I use to like Fox News.  I use to...  You should work for Fox.  The one law I know to be true - "Liars figure and figures lie."
Can districts be amalgamated in some fashion to normalize the data and make an analysis valid? Or would it still not work? I get the impression Benford's law works because financial data usually deals with growth due to interest rates which are steady or fixed over a time period.
Shouldn't the Trump and Biden Data look similar? The very fact that they look completely different is highly suspicious.
OK, so the end result is that the Chicago data set is consistent with Biden getting a very large majority of the vote, given the precinct sizes. Which doesn't prove that the data's real (in fact you might say it's complex), but it does say that an extra level of paranoia is required to say it's imaginary
Thanks for the video!  I love the explanation and real-world support
He got 69k likes lol
Just look at how many Trump voters also voted for the senate and house race and then compare it to Biden voters. There you will see, that a highly unusual amount of people who voted for Biden only voted for the presidential race and nothing else. Highly suspicious !
so why does the cheating only goes democrat way?
Why did you have to *LOOK UP* Benford's Law if you already wrote a book on it? What a clown. Why should we trust your vapid, superficial analyses?? Bloody wanker.
I have a feeling that the "men in dark glasses" won't allow the election to be overturned for fear of the criminal left <( talking about the everyday Democrat voter) from going insane,  hair on fire, extreme violence and destruction, etc.
"Benford's law shows that Trump stole votes from Biden! Last 2 digits are not random, but they should be according to the law." - A Tweet message in a parallel universe.
You look like Michael Palin
Moron, we need some numbers with roughly  at 50,-50 , or evenly spread numbers of voters, surely not Chicago
How did I watch this video a week ago when it was published 4 days ago?! Thanks Biden
Very... interesting!
Could you repeat that please?
The shilling is strong here.
What's the historic distributions if we applied this method to previous elections? 2000, 2004, 2008 ,2012, and 2016?
Wonderful job of manipulation...why no pixel manipulator in the background?
Biden is a CROOK, LIAR, and a THEIF. Always has been always will be!!!!!
Yeah, ..you are a moron stop trying to play it smart I am not even American btw
This is an illustration on how statistical analysis depends on the dateset. A real problem in science is that researchers take a long time to publish their data, if ever. So the people reviewing them has to trust that their statistical analysis is not dependent on the dataset.
I analysed the data by county for all states, splitting them into four categories which are all states, red states, blue states and swing states (Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Georgia, North Carolina, Arizona and Nevada), and split it for Trump and Biden, so a total of 8 graphs. The county data covers many orders of magnitude and with a high standard deviation, so fits the criteria for doing Benford's Law analysis.  Out of those 8 charts only one of them strongly deviated from Benford's Law (averaging 1.61% from expectation for each digit). That was the chart for Joe Biden in the swing states.
This guy should make an appearance on John Oliver's show.
Recount Contested States
Agree with a rickheideinger below. Pennsylvania votes should be analyzed, not Chicago since that city's votes were a forgone conclusion.
He didn’t use the data on swing states where both candidates are roughly equal in votes but only Trumps votes follow benfords law.
What happens if you look at the numbers for the entire state instead of just for a city that votes predominately for one candidate?
Do the 2016 primaries (Sanders vs Clinton).
Pretty simple really. Democrats don't follow laws unless it suits them.
I wonder how many ppl actually buy your fantasy? Anyone giving you data as fact and has this guys over dramatic tone and expressions...as a psychological expert, this man is, I think the young ones call it shill?
.
3142 counties. All counting rechecked by human beings.  You're looking for a needle in a haystack that doesn't exist.
this guy is way to smart for me.  eye roll.
Uh, the IRS has certain triggers for an audit.  Digit order has nothing to do with audit triggers.  Quantity matters, NOT digit sequence.  You're really stretching things.
If the court finds that the candidate is involved in the manipulation of elections on an organized scale, this is a grave rebellion against the democratic system. So it makes no further sense to calculate the benefit of the number of votes. Trump must automatically win the match as if his opponent was disqualified for a foul.
Well done, Matt. Enjoyed it. Never had heard of Benford's law, but researched it before watching your video. I still don't know why it works for some lists of data like, lengths of rivers, electricity bills, numbers of steps taken daily by a population in a city, etc. I will read more. Thanks. DrDave Menke, Tucson, retired professor of physics and astronomy. PS: I have many ancestors from the UK. Trivia.
Thanks Matt! Just got your book in audio format and physical pre-ordered (for the bookcase... no time to actually SIT and read.... oh well!)
So he initially says Benford's law works with days in the month, 30% start with a 1...... but then says Benford's law only works with several orders of magnitude?   Which is it? ONLY works at several orders of magnitude, or works with days in the month as well?
Biden's votes will be subject to the Law: Go to Gateway Pundit and find the bombshells. Sidney Powell (Gen. Flynn attorney also on Trump legal team) releases the Kraken.  Hint: MILLIONS of votes stolen from Trump through Dominion software. Double Hint: States will start flipping red.
i knew it not american
If my stats classes were this interesting, I wouldn't have hated stats. ;)
If I wanted to steal the US election, I wouldn't manipulate votes in Illinois. Maybe you're not super familiar with American politics, but Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin are the swing states. You should analyze the data there.
bro why does this video have 5 thousand thumbs down? lmfao. maybe keep to mathematics and keep your nose out of politics?
Remember Trump supporters tend to vote in person. Biden’s tend to do mail-in. Thats why the early hours Trump’s votes come in very high
So you’re saying the trump anomalies can not be due to votes being relocated to Biden?
I have a question. In the video you explain benfords law doesnt work if the numbers are the same size. You also state it pretty much aligns with the days in the month but not measuring up to 1m. Well wouldnt the numbers that correlate with the days in the month be closer in size than the numbers that represent centimeters or millimeters up to 1m?
Brilliant. Must go and buy your book... :-)
Why do I have to watch some random guy on you tube for analysis that giant corporations seems incapable of doing while demanding we take them seriously?
You need to check this out with this data spread the real news ... It is over... https://youtu.be/wmNCKIObuBY  https://youtu.be/X1uyg1f0RNA You really need to check these links out ... This really needs to be pushed out to all the people you know... Game changer... They may try and hide this and take over to keep us further controlled...
Now do the entire country.
Try some statistics in for example Philadelphia or Milwaukee. That should set the alarm bells ringing. 👀
Commie HAVK trying to misdirect, and confuse the situation.  What do you want to bet this guy has some SUGAR in his tank?  😊
Do your graphs account for any software foul play? What if the steep fall in Trump votes show foul play... that his votes suddenly were not being counted?
I spy a transformer back there hehehe
87.2% of all statistics are made up on the spur of the moment.
The "Trump's tower" looks suspiciously similar to Sauron's tower, though.
Gonna need one for every full state result. Need a math hero to put this to rest. Thanks.
If the government forced the first number, wouldn't the second number be the one measured?
Sounds intelligent- but Biden won Chicago. You should've done the analysis for the controversial states
Statistically speaking, did you know that 3 out of 4 people make up 75% of the population? o= Shocking I know ^-^ <3
You can’t use either number because the machine gave so many trump votes to Biden.
Benford Law was applicable in 1938 when it was borne. With today's technology, it is rather meaningless. Like trying to figure out a meaningful way of analyzing modern success by the abundance of arrowheads...
Man that was a waste of time
I saw a video about the voting software used in a lot of states and I can tell you the voting software is full of holes and that there were serious ***MAJOR*** discrepancies in the polling.  I can understand when Trump wants a recount in some of the suspect states and that's : Why do Biden's votes not follow Benford's Law?
Benford law cant be used as this election was not a typical election.
Another good lesson here is to be mindful of  what someone's agenda is
Pure rubbish!
Yeah, we all know he didn't win.
usa land of the liars
So “Science” and “Scientific Laws” are about as likely as any rational person voting for Biden! Got it!
Drives me crazy when Brits say "maths".
Chicago is either highly corrupt, massively misinformed or both.
Great video.  Just a thought from a simpleton, but doing a review on Chicago is kind of unhelpful isn't it?  I understand thr order of magnitude issue will apply across all cities.  Wouldn't it have been more helpful to examine a closer race(swing state)?
Common, critical sense would tell you that the majority of Americans did not choose a man with a history of deceit and corruption, who is in obvious cognitive decline, over a man who has earned the loyalty and respect of so many.
Wow, you’ve dumbed it down  for the idiots to think you’re a genius.  Only you can be right well because you pull out your graphs and your hand dandy “sharpie”   Don’t forget the annoying sipping from your mug and you’re not so funny jokes
Why not do it with just the last digit?
Those data sets all seem to follow a pattern. Biden’s data looks totally off.
The question is, why do Biden's  results not follow Benford's law and Trump's do, they are from the same data set.  Actually, Trumps do not either.  You can clearly see that leading numbers for Trump were diminished, numbers that once started with 4's, 5's, and 6's were switched to mostly 1's, while the opposite was for Biden, where leading 1's and 2's were replaced by 3's, 4's and 5's.  If what he was saying were applicable, both Trump's curve and Biden's curve would be the same.
Your sound effects are a bit much.
Is your opener is really siping your coffee?
Plus, I learned that Nathan Benford Forrest was a racist.
Do your analysis in a republican area. I bet your results will be different.
Didn’t you say the result was 3... but the paper said4,5,6 I’m confused
Because Epstein killed himself.
I winced when I saw the thread thinking this was going to be trump bs... thanks for giving a nice overview of Benford’s law and reviewing the data accurately.
President Trump is America's last legitimate President
You went into detail about the early Trump spike... Yet the Biden spike in the middle, you did not explain at all? Is this that most Trump voters turned up in person to vote, so the total data was added quickly. Yet most Biden voters did it by mail, so there data arrived later?
"You only get Benford's Law in SOME situations."   So it's Benford's poorly enforced law?
This guy is funny. He is distorting the Benford Law to fit his narrative. CNN will love this moron. Trump's graph spike is the day of the election, which is most of Trump's votes. This mean Biden's graph is impossible to explain.
This was an extremely interesting video
Interesting that this wholly informative and unbiased video gets so many dislikes .. what was there to dislike?  Was it just that the conclusion didn’t match their own pejudice?
Great video!!
I’m sure I’m not the only one asking for this, but I’d love a semi tongue in cheek political analysis channel from Matt to go alongside stand-up.
Wrong.  Trump2020 !
Here's an idea:  why don't Trump lawyers present Benford's law to the Supreme court?  It's a law, right?  HAHAHAHAHA
trump voters only voted for president. bidens filled out the entire ballot. get to the point
Arse balls
Why is the book cover different in the USA?
if you only get benfords law in some situations does that make it a parker law?
trump will win ......you watch
So basically you are saying you don't know- maybe just say you don't know.   Geez, get a grip.
This guy has been payed well .
At the time of watching this you have 68k likes and 5.1k dislikes.... now if we only count the legal votes, nobody likes this video.... trump mathematics
Um, why did Trump have an expected Benford distribution and Biden was skewed to “4?”
If you apply Benford’s law to the county level voting data, Biden’s data still violates Benford’s Law with very large variances.
First question: Are you a Biden fan ?  Second Question: Since Trump also received votes from these same precincts, why are Trumps curves not the same shape as Bidens ?
Statistics in the modern era. Decide how you want it to come out, then fudge and massage the numbers until it does. Same as the climate nonsense.
The problem wasn't seen only in Chicago, but it was seen in mainly the swing states.
I honestly don't know anything about bedford's law or what it entails nor do I really care. What I do know is how to stop someone who is bullshit using language most people don't understand well enough to call them on it.
Why is this video fact checked? Nobody elected the ap, they have as much authority to declare an election winner. I therefore declare myself president elect.
We have the saddest President in US history
As long as you add in multiples of 100 votes, doing an analysis of the last 2 digits mean diddly squat. As a mathematician you should know this. Also, there is another way of rigging the votes; spoil the votes cast for the opponent or just make them disappear. In that way one data set would look perfectly good and the other would show an anomaly.
Nobody is claiming this kind of anamoly,  this guy is a fricking jackass
The UK still has high Street book stores?
I think maybe you should have pointed out that if the data is a result of a multiplication, the last digit will be extremely skewed. Odd numbers are very unlikely (because odd*odd=odd, odd*even=even, even*odd=even, even*even=even). Zero is the most likely even number, because the multiplication n1*n2*n3*...*n999999 ends in a zero if at least one of the numbers ends with a zero.
Before even beginning to investigate the origin of the supposed discrepancy, my first instinct would have been to verify whether or not there even *is* a discrepancy. Just eyeballing a chart is a terrible way to make a statistical statement. Can we somehow quantify the deviation from benford's law, and apply it to the two graphs, in order to figure out which one is actually worse? I ask this because it appears to me as though the trump data doesn't exactly fit benford's law any better than the biden data does. It just happens to slope in the right direction, but it's also way "flatter". (As we would expect from a normal distribution squished to the left)
Brilliant!
I agree, we should look into it.
I'm a retired forensic accountant.  I'd be happy to explain forensic accounting to anyone who wants to know about it.  I should warn you that there's a great deal of statistics involved and attention to detail is mandatory.  As a general rule, the only people interested my explanations are other accountants.  After a few minutes everyone else discovers that the topic is less fascinating than they thought.
Chicago always votes democrat so this is a moot point. If you really wanted to prove your point, try to verify the votes of cities that usually vote red and suddenly vote blue.
insightful !  Thanks.
For a value of 100 to reach 200, you have to increase it by 100%, for a value of 200 to reach 300, you have to increase it by only 50%, for a value of 900 to reach 1000 again you only have to increase it by about 11%, for a value of 1000 to reach 2000 you have to increase it by 100% again.  As you can see, it is quite a simple logarithmic relationship, but this only applies to certain datasets. A dataset of 1000 random numbers from 0-1000000 for example would have a very equal amount of digits. What you need is span over several orders of magnitude and some underlying exponential growth relationship in the numberset.
Subscribed! At 40 yrs old, can an ex maths teacher find a career in numbers?
Nothing changes with a vote. we need to literally fire our politicians, the career cocksuckers who have taken advantage. Both parties! Line them up in the crosshairs and fire.
Thank you for the explanation of Benford's Law and the pros/cons of using it in conjunction with election data... By the way, that design on the front of your book got my attention. I saw it and thought "That's not right!?!?", then I read the title and what was on the cover, and then I understood!! Nice job...       One last thing, I like your choice in Takara Autobots... :)
That explains all  the no down tick. biden votes,loss of Trump support in heavy R precints,alsp I suppose that the fact forever espoused by political pundits,pol-sci profs etc of 15% of black vote ensures victory for R candidate I could go on but I'm boring myself. PART OF THE DISINFO CAMPAIGN...oh yeah,thats non  existent as well
Are there a relevant area, where distribution of precinct sizes is suitable? Or does that not exist?
I get what you saying but humans are creatures of habit and when you had for 100 years or longer the same pattern and than suddenly a change it's worth investigating
If it doesn’t fit your pre-conceived conclusion, it’s an outlier and can be discarded. Good science 🤫
The modal value of Joe Biden's votes is 3, not 4, 5, or 6 though, and clearly not EXACTLY what the paper describes, as you say. Did you not look at the graph?
You obviously don't know how to apply Bedford's law and so on. Hence, when TRUMP WINS, your butt hurt will be glorious. Nice bunch of filler and waste of spin on TRUMP. TRUMP FOREVER PERIOD
This was fantastic. Have no idea how much work it was for you to do! Thank you
Fibonacci.......
I'll listen.
"How Many Socks Make a Pair" is on sale for Kindle :D Got mine for making time at work less boring.
To the Trumpturds in the comments: Get over it! He lost! <3
You should compare county by county US election results with county by county US population density some time....... I think you will see an interesting correlation.
This video doesn't make sense!
The graph of bidens blue and trumps red just looks like biden has stolen trumps votes as the middle of trumps is all low and bidens is all high i know your going to say well trumps start is too high so you can not use it but if the middle of the graph were stolen so they were not counted so makes the start higher because the % of votes have gone down in the middle so just that graph shows yes something has happened look at bidens start why is that not equal to his middle because his middle is way to high
Its called DOMINION 4am 1900 no voter verification.  Its not that hard genius.
Well let's investigate, Trump voters welcome it!
All model are wrong   but some are useful  G. Box
On another note:  I'd be interested in your take the Thornhill/Talbot Thunderbolts site addendum to the standard model with plasma physics.  If the sun is indeed electrically powered by Birkeland currents, black holes are really toroidal plasmoids of immense power rendering the need for dark this, that and the other thing irrelevant, the standard model has been barking up the wrong tree now for some time.  As bigger and better particle accelerators don't seem to be solving the ultimate problems, maybe something has been left out.  Thunderbolts is a multi-disciplinary effort making use of plasma physics, engineering, etc., to shed light on what may have been missed.  Their funded SAFIRE project had to cut back input power to 7% to stay within machine heat capabilities .  Could be they're on to something.  Looks like a win. https://youtu.be/FohQsaxf4ho?t=4
Hillary got more votes then creepy Joe
Wow. Math geeks are thrilled!
Should have checked Wisconsin
I'm going to send this video to my friend, and the moment at 14:05 will trigger him beyond belief
12:31 Hang on, though: if they *were* entitled to claim a meal for expenses, and it was always the same meal, wouldn’t you get exactly the same nonrandom spike?
I took statistics and know that this guy is selectively choosing things to put doubt into the Benford Law outcome. Shame on him.
I’m not so concerned with Benford. I am concerned with Dominion voting machines and the USPS. One has a history of being shat and the other really does hate Trump.
Awesome, always look at the data! Thank you!
I should really go to bed...
This is not OCD friendly lol
trump won
https://youtu.be/Jl3H-rSaFlU THIS IS PARTIALLY THE PROBLEM WOULD ASSUME.
Ok so if it's Trump's votes that look suspicious not Bidens, could this not be that Pro-Biden supporters are tampering with Trump's votes (which were huge before the overnight shutdown then tapered off massively when counting resumed) but not their own? I'm not a mathematician nor a statistician (in fact I suck at math) I'm just asking.
This video is absolute garbage. First of all, he shows how Biden's votes don't follow Benford's law but "they follow a normal distribution". Mysteriously, for Donald Trump, his votes follow Benford's law, but not the normal distribution. This mystery is never explained. Secondly, you can analyse the LAST 2 digits to test randomness, but you can only do this for the data relating to one person (ie. one person randomly picking numbers). The moment you have more than 1 person picking numbers (ie. 1000s of dishonest election officials), the dataset starts to become more random and harder to tell if it's people picking numbers or whether these numbers are truly random.  How much did Biden pay you to create this dishonest video? Or was it Soros? You can have all the maths training in the world and a british accent, but all that amounts to a hill of beans against someone with an IQ of 160
This man is stupid. He talks too much
I call BS
As a long time Stand Up Maths subscriber and someone who follows American politics closely, the like dislike ratio and comment section for this particular video is both totally expected and also quite sad.
I am far from a math expert so I was hoping some of you could help.  If I understand this video correctly Benfords Law doesn't work because the sample sizes (districts) are to similar in size.  But the districts are a man made construct.  If you were to take the 2000+ districts and out them in, say, alphabetical order.  Add the first five districts and call that sample 1.  The next 4 districts sample 2, down to just 2 district.  Then rinse repeat until the list is done.  You would have a few hundred samples of varying sizes to perform the analysis on.  Would that work?  If not, why?
I don't understand why the last 2 digits wouldn't favor low numbers in a naturally occurring data set.
Thanx! So, can I use this as confirmation bias if I want to believe there's no evidence of election tampering?
The Democrats stole the election along with the help of big tech and the media.
Thank you for making this video. This is really informative.
Absolutely excellent and beautifully apropos. Thanks, Matt.
I just get an impression you LeAnn left. Am I wrong?
The whole thing falls apart when you can have the lead digit be a zero.
The fact that most precincts are 3 digit numbers and seemingly suggesting that to why there are more threes in the distribution seems glossed over. Also, driving into work is totally being on the road for work, that guy did nothing wrong.
Actually the one data set Matt Parker presents if you look carefully all of the Biden data hovers within -10% to +20%  while the Trump data is at 0% to -30%, which is not the same result, it would indicate Biden received surprising extra votes beyond what fellow party members received, which would be the ones switched from Trump, if i am looking at that correctly.
Excuse me, I am a statistical programmer and we have a word for what he is pushing, the word is bullshit.  I could explain it, but I;'ll stop at scatter plot, what a load of crap. You should be ashamed, but, alas, you are proud. Uber alles, isn't that what your kind used to say?
Interesting, why is the US cover different?
https://youtu.be/wmNCKIObuBY
...but, but the AP called the election. That makes it official, right? LOL!
Kinda feels like I'm getting an extensive tour of Blue Beard's Estate, but not being shown the basement.
so benford's law tells us if things are weird and that's it
I checked the same website shown at 07:09 (https://chicagoelections.gov/en/election-results.asp?election=251 , then select "President & Vice ..." in the drop-down menu and click "Submit"). The numbers there are now bigger than what you see here in the clip.  For example, Biden apparently received 54,574 new votes in just the past four days.  Still counting, I guess?
the effort requried to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude more then to generate it.
What results do you get if you run this over the whole country and look by congressional districts so you are running larger numbers? with a larger data set, and less constraints on the population numbers, should it start conforming to Benfords law?
I sucks at math but dunno why I'm watching this till the end
Why do Biden's votes not follow Benford's Law? ....in Chicago !!@!
You all should just shut up already, Why all this wasn't in 2016
Are the burned and buried Trump votes counted here?
maybe analyzing birthdates of Michigan abstee votes will yield something intresting. I bet there will be many born in 1900-01-01 (year 0 in some databases) and 1 in 1823.
Chicago is a bad place to use for this video. There are more Democrat voters there. How about a place like Georgia?
Mr. Mathematician. Why didn't you plug the numbers for the disputed states into Benford's? Why didn't you use the first two digit test which is more accurate than the first digit test which combines the 1st and 2nd digit tests and identifies clear deviations that need to be investigated further? Why didn't you use x/y axis plotting for forecasting? Obviously, if you choose Chicago with any one of these analytical tools (which is a blue state), the data results will be as expected and skewed to one side. It is so weird that you would choose Chicago! Basically, the probability of tampering in such a historically heavy blue city will be close to zero. However try Pennsylvania or Georgia or Arizona or Michigan and you will be able to clearly detect abnormalities. Send the data to me and I will gladly do the analysis for free. The country deserves to know the truth! Also, why didn't you use the simple χ 2 test to verify goodness of fit with Benford's Law? Just asking sir!
That's my favorite breakfast! A specific muffin.
Trump on VERIFY: Never heard of it, not my type...
Because it is flawed!
It would be interesting to see this analysis for Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Arizona, and Nevada, especially the biggest counties.
Great video as usual
What a clown.   How to lie with statistics.
Thanks for upload!
you need to go to courts with Trump or SCOTUS!
Not changing anything
I'm probably stupid, but what are your x's and y's.  It makes it hard to follow the video.
Brilliant
Biden did not out perform Obama. . Also seemed to only occurring in the cities in question but comparable cities same size, demographic, and incomes don't compare at all to cities in question. Pretty obvious that's impossible.
Please make a video analysing this https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA
Someone else did this and they came out with it looking sketchy for Biden and not trump. 🤔
OK SO EXPLAIN THIS: 100,000+ votes come in at 4am and ALL are for Biden. This happened at multiple locations. Flip a coin 100,000 and try to get heads or tails EVERY time. Either you are guided by EVIDENCE or EMOTION. Emotions will screw you over every time.
This election was one of the biggest criminal coup in American history. WWG1WGA Trump 2Q2Q
Most people are thinking, so.. did you vote for Trump or Biden?
Numbers dont lie but people do.
they will never take our freedom
Yes!!! Illinois is corrupt also!!
Thank you !!!!! Really helps !!!!
But could the mail-in votes have affected the Law???
Funnily the irregularities on Bidens votes in regard of the first digit and the irregularities on Trumps votes in regard of the last two digits are basically the same.  Both show the results, slightly encoded, for different reasons.
Don't worry, anyone who voted for trump wouldn't be watching anything educational. You won't be offending anyone here.
This video is EL TORO POO POO (i.e. BS)  as it is intentionally misleading. Let's first clarify that the use of Benford's Law is to identify "irregularities" in the data and provides a prima facia analysis to determine if an audit is justified. The audit will determine the root cause(s) of the irregularities and will determine motive / malfeasance. The basis for any statistical analysis is to understand the data population and select the appropriate tool.  In this case Mr. Maths is correct in that AT THE PRECINCT  LEVEL, Benford's Law is a good choice as the variance in the magnitude of the data disqualifies the use of the tool.  HOWEVER, at the COUNTY LEVEL it is a good choice as the data meets the variance in magnitude requirement. On YouTube there is a forensic accountant who performed the calculation using PA COUNTY returns which clearly showed significant irregularities for Biden. Here's the link. https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA.  Let's put this into the correct context.  The voting process and procedures are dictated at the county and/or state level. The precincts are supposed to follow these rules.  Irregularities in data may indicate the rules were not followed or that some reasonable explanation can be made to account for the irregularities. The bottom line is that an audit IS a reasonable course of action under the circumstances.
(@16:06): In order for one to do something for their sanity and integrity, they must first demonstrate that they possess any significant amount of sanity and integrity, and Trump, and his supporters, seems to exhibit a complete lack thereof
This is for those who love math and have a mathematical mind.
This is really great work and I have a lot of respect for you for posting this. Thanks for sharing this kind of education, the public needs more of it! Subscribed!
Sorry, I am not impressed. This guy is trying to tell me Biden didn't steal the election and I won't accept that. I don't understand the numbers. I see facts.
Where was that quote from? You don’t want to tell us do you?
Bidens steal was so blatant no need for logic.
Statistically, IF 100 votes were thrown out, 51% would be for Biden, and 47% would be for Trump.
How about PA, MI. GA, AZ, WI & NV.?
Wanna ride bikes?
YEAH NO WELL FINE
851 That’s not a normal distribution, it’s has a bit of skew. Isn't there another distribution that more closely approximates it? I'm not remembering its name…
HEY EINSTEIN....CHICAGO IS NOT THE SWING STATE
Perfect example of how to fail at critical thinking. Why were so many numbers three digits? That’s odd huh? Derp, “I’ve memorized loads of maths but still can’t think straight”
If Benford's Law has a roughly 50% success rate I'd say that's pretty good.
Just ao good.
My understanding is that seeing it makes the forensic accountants know there is something to look at. Not necessrily used as proof...
Sorry you completely avoid expaing why Trumps votes DID follow BL.
Let's see all the same statistics pan out in Michigan
Maybe instead of looking at gerrymandered precincts you could look at state totals. Then you have orders of magnitude difference. Florida has 20 million people and South Dakota has 6 people. This video was cool. Earned a subscribe.
Very interesting analysis.  Thanks.
You should have chosen Philadelphia, Detroit or Milwaukee. I think you'd get some interesting results in democrat ran cities in swing states. chicago is irrelevant
............50 people in Chicago were trying to explain Benford's Law,  but got shot instead........
Probably no tampering in solid blue or red states.  They focused on the swing states, which has been shown to be where the problems are.
BIDEN VOTES  DON'T FOLLOW     ANY     LAW.
You sir Are proof that most Americans shouldn’t even be voting
So you try to explain why the Chicago data for Biden votes do not match Benford's law but never mentioned why Trump's votes do match...
Pointless, doing this study on a reliable Democrats constituency. Do it on one of the ones that ‘behaved strangely’
I put this video on to bore my kids out of the room...worked!
Let me guess.  The third bar in on the graph at 0.39  represents votes counted on Nov 4th starting at 4am, correct?  And what law do you have that explains the total lopsidedness of nearly 100% of them going to one presidential candidate with no down ballot voting.   Should not the state legislatures follow suit?   Doesn't seem very random to me.
Now do Trump 2016 or Hillary 2016 Primary
I think it would be nice to see what these numbers look like in Michigan or PA?
If you disregard color size and style 2 socks make a pair, it’s kinds in the name lol.
What a load of garbage
I had heard of Benfords law last week after the election results. And Now I am depressed--But Someone mentioned it below. How about we compare those same precincts in Chicago in 2020 to the 2016 election? Or we compare the ones around Atlanta Georgia to the ones in Chicago? Or around an area that went heavily for TRUMP verse Biden? or one of the country as a whole?  where the numbers are more evenly distributed?
I understand the reason for Biden’s numbers not following BL. But why does Trump’s?
So could this not also show that Trumps vote has been suppressed in the areas where he got lower than 60 votes. This could perhaps support the republican position that his votes were not being counted in more democratic areas.
I thank-you for pointing out that the people at MIT were wrong along with all of the others.  Now we need a video showing where the votes switched from Trump to Biden did not actually happen.
Biden's wife was a teacher. Teachers usually use the bell curve.
This guy is awesome!
You need to use the last two digits in Pi /s
12:03 Life pro tip: If you work for an auditing company do not fudge your expense reports.
Bottom line, the dems stole the election.
It is great for people to champion their own things, but they shouldn't out-rightly lie or misrepresent the data to make their point... Thank you for your fair explanation of the math behind this situation. :)
The way I've had Benford's Law explained to me is it's easier to convince 100 people to give you their vote than to convince 200 people, it's easier to convince 200 than 300, easier to convince 300 than 400 and so on. It's not clear to me why increasing the digits is necessary. I'm assuming the explanation I've been given is wrong, but I'm afraid neither this video nor any other video I've seen makes it clear to me how it's wrong. I think it has to do with it being a choice between 2 options, with an average of 500 voters per district. So the explanation starts at half the voters and becomes: it's easier to convince half the voters than a little more than half and so on. But I'm not math-savvy enough to know if that's right or how it would produce those graphs.
Why was this done in a place like Chicago which no one believes needs to have its books cooked instead of one of the competitive county/city/state that is being hotly.contested? Yeah the point may be the same: B's Law doesn't apply, but at least it would have a subject area that is interesting
AP is nothing , legal votes and electoral votes decide it's not for media to call anything but to report outcomes. NO electoral votes have been cast yet, ZERO.
Problematic at best? Problematic is a term in mathematics for something seemingly almost impossible answers, such as the definition of PI.  That means almost impossible at best?
Why have you got a bald head ?
What is the probability that a democratic dominated area would manipulate the votes in favor of Trump.
lol Chicago is a most corrupt city
I wonder, is "multiple orders of magnitude" actually the key component? Consider a different requirement: straight sets of random length.  For instance, if we took house numbers. We could even start the house numbers at 10, and the longest streets are 99 houses long (so only one OoM). You would still expect something like Benford's. This is because every street that has a house #90 must also have the full set of teens, twenties etc... but any set with ten houses will only have the teens.  This, it seems to me, is the primary reason. If your streets have many orders of magnitude, the same effect applies: tiny streets may have only 1 house, or multiple... but they always have a 1, and rarely have a 9. Small streets always have some teens, but only sometimes have the 90's. And colossal streets always have some 10k's, but only sometimes have the 90k's. And a 19,999 houses long street will have 10k 1's crowding out the 1,111 that every number gets from the lower orders of magnitude.  Meanwhile, different OoM's wouldn't do it by themselves... and this I think is where your examples are wrong. If we had randomly chosen numbers between 0 and 999, that's three orders of magnitude. But because the cutoff is at an exact decimal marker, and the numbers are random, there'll be no effect, it'll be a random distribution. 111 each, if each number were chosen once. If the cutoff is 899, it's almost the same (except the 9's only get 11). Doesn't look at all like Benford's either. But if you had randomized cutoffs and added all the sets up, you would get a Benford's.
Ok before I finish watching... I want to make a guess on why the two data sets are so different. Assuming that counties and groups could either vote trump or Biden (baring the third parties). Only one of Biden or Trump’s data would fit benfords law because it exhausts the majority of populations that start with one leaving populations that do not start with one to be left for Biden’s votes. Also maybe it has to do with the number of rural counties who’s populations are in the 10,000 and 100,000’s
So if you compile the Trump and Biden data (all the votes combined) , you will end up with Benfords Law
These transitions are giving me IT Crowd vibes
What software do you use to analyze large data sets like these?
I'm in America. Grab the popcorn🍿 Trump's got this 🤘🙂🤘America has been rigging elections across the world for years! Time to end this evil corruption!  TRUMP 2020. 👊
How much Math does this guy Know anyway?  Don’t you Know that when a Theorem becomes a Law that means it Can’t be Proven False?      Making an Idiotic statement like you did at the start of your video well just  made me Not watch it.........You Can’t argue with the Law or Disprove it like so many have tried!
Ok what's the real reason you chose Chicago?
Just say no to creepy Joe
YOU SPEND A LOT OF TIME - WASTING A LOT OF TIME- SAYING NOTHING.
THAT'S WHY TRUMP TEAM IS RESEARCHING & GETTING ALL INFORMATION BEFORE ANY FINAL DECISIONS CAN BE DETERMINED ON THIS ELECTION! TRUMP DOES HAVE THE SUPPORT OF 73 MILLION AMERICANS, VERIFIED "LEGAL" AMERICANS!
It would be interesting to also use different number systems. The rule should stay even for other systems like hexadecimal.
So it wasn't actually vote tampering, it was just Trump losing so hard it distorted the distribution of the data. That's hilarious.
*Absolutely BOGUS and FALSE explanation by a BIASED opiner, this guy even found GLARING differences between the candidates and ALWAYS thinks "it's normal", just HILLARYOUS.*
Why do you think Trump's Vote did follow Benford's Law for the first digit?
Such an interesting video. Wow!
There was no doubt Chicago would go blue, how about we try Georgia or Pennsylvania, Wisconsin or Michigan, even North Carolina, Nevada and New Mexico 🧐
"Look, we have the typical Benford's law peak at 1!" "That's because so many districts only had one Republican voter." I don't think it's really in their interest to keep embarrassing themselves.
So would a distribution, lets say R! Combination piR^5 be a denominator value of apparent divisions, if 2! was a factor of 12^3v*6??? Because I divided the denominator of the vector figure and had a minor change in the distributive curve.
Trump could say that he is not leaving, he is not conceding. However, according theTwentieth Amendement to the Constitution, the candidate with the most electoral votes becomes president at 12:00 p.m. on january 20.The current  president's term is therefore over on that day, just before noon. And all of the allegiance of the government, of the military, of the civil service, switches to Joe Biden, the winner of the November 3 election, and Donald Trump will become a private citizen, regardless of anything Donald Trump does. https://youtu.be/24QKYig1prU
COVID and  C02  have the same problem .....ZERO impact   human C02 = 0,0016% in the air Covid-19       = 0,16% mortality  C02 hoax  Composition of air According to NASA, the gases in Earth's atmosphere include:  Nitrogen  78 % Oxygen      21 % Argon      0.93 % Carbon dioxide (C02)  0.04 %  Of these o.o4 % of Co2 in the atmosphere: 95%  comes from nature (volcanoes/oceans/vegeration etc...)  5% from human activity   The human C02 content in the air                  = 0.0016% !!  covid hoax  97% survive the covid-19 virus   90% of the PCR tests are false positives ! (a PCR test is NOT A DIAGNOSE  for covid-19 .. ...only an indication for further lab research ... (look at the damn test prescription leaflet  of the manufacturer)  97% recover from covid  0.16% die from covid   Covid-19 = NO PANDEMIC !!  leftist authoritarian fascists say:              DON'T YOU DARE TO            THINK FOR YOURSELF !!!  lockdowns = house arrests   .. ....
Dont bother watching this.
So if this is done for a state.. let's say Michigan or Georgia what does that look like?  You haven't actually proved anything by going to an enclave that has a serious bias already built in... Try again.
I watch many math videos but never heard of this guy.  Wonder why he’s being pushed?
ok - that is an explanation for Bidens chart - what about an explanation as to why Trumps and Bidens differ..it isn't as if they were running in different places but rather all the same places so if there is a reason for Biden's numbers not fitting the law then Trump's numbers would exhibit the same dynamic as Bidens - not a different one - yes?
Benford's law getting crash course on alot of people this last week.
0:00 Trump voters getting excited about someone actually credible pointing out that something about the election might have been weird 0:44 The same people hitting dislike and moving on ... the loosers xD
It's not about not having your own agenda. It's about not being able to silence your opponent. If you can silence them then the system is corrupted. That is why Trump will have support. Not because of him but because of what he is up against.
Trumps votes are following Benfords law. Bidens are not 🤷‍♂️
Nothing about american politics matches reality. Notwithstanding the reasons why videos which take the opposite stance to yours can't be seen. Do you believe in the coincidence of those nonexistent numbers as well?
First digit of what?
when Trump wins you gonna cry so bad
I try to explain to the everyday person statistics CAN be used to enhance a particular side of an argument. Most don’t want to hear this fact.
If it not relevant why are you doing this video.
after joining the biden team and learning that up is down and left is right and confusion is normal  and normal is confusion, now with chaos come's a new day or does chaos come out at night
So if the law does not work in Chicago why is that the only place you applied it?
CAN YOU ANSWER MY QUESTIONS.
I wonder the quote at 10:07 is really working If that quote work, there should be two competitive candidates who both have same distribution. Because they are both competitive, their difference should be small. I am not work at this field,so I  hope there will be explanation.
Bump this video because stupid Republicans jump the gun before they learn
Such a great video. Simple enough to understand, but not dumbed down to the point where the conclusions feel unsatisfying. 🔥🔥🔥
Then it's not a law
Dominion software server just seized from SCYTL in Frankfurt, Germany in a raid last night!
Does Bendford’s work in non-base ten
We do know it was several different jurisdictions, and not only Chicago, right?  And we describe what is roughly a normal distribution of total voter counts of the underlying data source, then say "Of course Benford's does not apply!"  How?  Where is the proof in this case?  I gather this may well be sincere, but at this point, there are numerous non-Benford data points here to indicate the needed Red Flag to examine the processing thoroughly.  And, I still don't understand the conclusion that Benford's is not useful.  But it's nice there is a channel like this.
Very cool video. I like how you went ahead and explained how to recreate your data and verify all of your statements. Seems like more people need to do that.
Why doesn't Donald Trump follow any law?
i never knew luke wilson was a math whiz.
Can someone explain why Trump's graph seems to follow Benford's Law? I'm not sure if I missed it or if I'm just an idiot (probably the latter).
Hey, genius, you quote the Wikipedia entry as edited after the election to deny the blooming obvious.
A lot of dislikes for this video even though it’s brilliant! I wonder if Benford can prove that there are more republicans than democrats who disliked it...
Whoa. People who like math, really like math....I tip my hat to you sir, its not my subject but you explained it well, thanks.
Your data set is wrong. The results have not been released by State govts, only reported totals based on media reporting. So you are basing them on what the media reported which are different based on who is reporting them.
Bias much
I'm in the US, and the cover of my copy of Humble Pi is the UK one!
Do the same analysis using state data for GA, PA, MI, AZ, NV, WI, MN. Then come back and give us the results. Thanks.
Benford's law was followed in 2016 and 2012 election.
This badass mathematician just jumps directly on the hornets next with no remorse, knowing math(s) will give him results REGARDLESS of his presupposition. If he had detected bullshit hah... oh what a sad day. But. nope
Trump 2020
Don't understand this, and I got an "A" in statistics...🙄
Ya people voted red for senate and congress but voted blue in the big race ! Very suspicious 😒?
i looked at the title listened for a couple minutes read a few post ,and found myself on the clown train .
So why isn’t anything happening if we can see so many indicators of election meddling !
nive
So, Chicago has Stockholm Syndrome. *Still* has Stockholm Syndrome.
Why did you shift your graph of vote bins to match the first-digit graph? 9:14
Hi Matt, since you've done this nice video pointing out the flaws of these methods, it would be interesting to discuss what is actually used in elections. Risk-limiting audits are one of the tools used to give confidence on the election result, and are being used in the US and other elections. You can start here: https://www.stat.berkeley.edu/~stark/Preprints/gentle12.pdf or even invite Philip to your channel 🙃
Now do one that isnt Illinois, which is a democrat stronghold.  Do the whole country.
I loved the story of the suisse trains being limited to 255 axles by law. It's not a whole story but still funny as hell.
Number of electoral votes for each state: Total: 538 Max: 55 Min: 2 Average: 10.3 Stddev: 9.7 Number of electoral votes starting with digit 1: is 15 = 30% of states.  Now if you add 40 to each state's electoral votes to make the average 50, then no state has a number starting with 1.
In short, a lot of work, data gathering and mathematical statistic evaluation to show that it proves nothing...
What a bunch of pathetic, crybaby losers. trumpods, get over it. You lost.
How do you 'verify' the data when the recounting is being suppressed?
Keep in mind that Benford's Law is only one indicator among dozens in the most blatantly compromised election in modern American history.  It's the fact that all of the red flags raised at once that is so damning.
Modal first digit will be 4, 5, or 6. "And that's exactly what we're looking at here." Me: Looks at graph and sees modal first digit is 3.
Because the Benford’s law is not 100% accurate all the time
What is the difference between the UK version of "Humble Pi" and the USA?
COULD YOU USE THESE THERORYS ON THE 2016 US   AND THE UK 2020 UK ELECTION GENERAL ELECTION PLZ OUT OF CURIOSITY,I FOUND THIS VERY INTERESTING
I smell a Biden supporter...
The use of the word problematic evinced the politics of the statement.
Came here for the wrong reasons, stayed for the right ones. Great video mate
No analysis will explain how an old white racist guy received more votes than Barry.
Mathematics has a liberal bias!
Nullius in verba. I have this tattooed on my arm.
Dammit , I just watched a whole video about math.
It is not Benford's law that is suspicious it's the plethora of other anomalies that software engineers are pointing out that show Biden is a scumbag cheater that belongs in prison.
So Matt why look at Chicago data when the swing states are the important ones?
i heard next election the demoncraps will be putting polling stations in  all large cemeteries nation wide  to get closer to their voting base.
Benford's 'Law' is actually a 'theory' or a 'rule'.  A mathematical 'law' is something that does not fail under any circumstances.  There are many reason why Benford's law does not apply to this scenario, but rather than list them, I’ll post a link to an article which explains it quite well...  https://filmdaily.co/news/benfords-law/
Why do I get to impression that he's being extremely sarcastic. This ends up being the the first comment, then surely I am correct.
yeah,the trump tower is because trump voters went to the polling sites,instead of mail in...
Excellent video. An object lesson in how to debunk the election conspiracy theorists.
Question: you analysed Biden's data and showed why his data set did not follow Benford's Law, which was interesting to listen to. However, the fact still remains that for some reason, President Trump's data set does follow Benford's Law. If it's a case that the spread of county sizes in Chicago is the key driver behind Biden's data shape, why does this not hold for President Trump?
Meters? Cherry picker
Bensford law applied to PA votes  https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA
A Benford graph looks the exact same for PA.
Is there ANY relation between Benford's law and fractals?
An instructional video on how to take reality and discount it. If we apply Benford's law to every state and each candidate, we see they all fit Benford's law except where there are reports of voting irregularity. So, let's just make the statement that you can't use Benford's law for election data. So, next you will say 1+1=2 (except for Michigan, Wisconsin, Georgia, and Pennsylvania, where 1+1=100,000). The real question is whether you believe your own video or whether you are just totally corrupt. Stand-up Maths? Is that short for Stand-up Comedian?
Is YouTube bias?  "U.S. elections The AP has called the Presidential race for Joe Biden. See more on Google". Anti-Trust is needed to control Big Tech or Big Tech will control you, now and in the future. 11-14 -2020
I see that a lot of people here that doesn't understand his explanation. Here a link to a guy that explains in a more convenient and easy way. https://youtu.be/vIsDjbhbADY
Chicago can't be used ad an example, not a battleground state. No need for tricks for the democrats to win the election. Check Arizona, Pennsylvania or Georgia...
Numbers dont lie
Very disappointed by you, Matt. I don´t believe it to be an honest mistake that you are referring to completely different data than where the Benford law should be and is applied.
the book was in the top 200 :/
Because the universe is just a simulation.
Thank you for explaining where the plot numbers were coming from. Okay that makes a lot of sense, thanks for explaining it.
What about the numbers for the entire United States, and not just Chicago?
The election WAS rigged.........i'm a bookie.........I deal in chance, we stopped taking bets @ about 3 o'clock......Trump won
Hold the phone. Doesn't the last digit thing mean that something's up with Joe Biden's votes? If Trumps numbers starting and ending are equivalent, shouldn't Biden's starting and ending numbers be similar? Why are they different?
paid stooge
Jimeon moment at the end there
The problem with this analysis is the data set chosen.  Chicago is a well know Democratic/Obama stronghold and thus the data is not random.
Seriously? Nobody cares about this drivel. Trump lost. Get over it. There’s a country to run,
Doesnt look like a normal distribution, but ok, I guess!
s h i l l
It's applied in red counties but not blue counties
if benfords law doesn’t matter then why did you make this video? seriously
So if the data isn't different enough by order of magnitude to show the benford law, then how come it shows one for trump?
So can you do it for the states that are seriously contested that would be much more interesting im sure.
Would it be valid to just combine random counties into mega counties of different sizes such that your constructs had many different orders of magnitude?
Okay, now do this with your datum. https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk?t=1087
So they capped Trump's vote count to 60... nice
Then y does counties that is highly republican have a lose in trump votes by a big margin only in the counties that trump lost but in counties that is more democrat has a steady rise for trump? It should be reversed right... Counties that would vote biden should be more biden & trump areas will b for trump but it shows that trump loses a lot in republic counties... & those irregularities r only in those swing states that will make or break that election.
Now explain Georgia, Pennsylvania, Arizona, New York and California. Coincidence? I think not. Biden's data is failing to follow Bedford's law and Trumps is all over America.
16:02 It's not fine to use misleading math and numbers to push an agenda, it abuses the faith people have in science to convince them of misinformation, further eroding the faith people have in science, math and numbers.
For all my wit I’m too slow to grasp the depth of this issue. I’m squarely in the camp that it all should burn and be reborn without “transparency” as such a concept would be intrinsic to operation.  Checks and balances and all that.  Also remember, even your idea of a meter is a supposition.
...So basically, they discarded a lot of Trump votes, rather than forging Biden votes? 🤔 Makes sense to me. Should be much easier.
I don't understand what you said, but I like the way you said it!
61 seconds, I'm going, too complicated.  'Murphy's Law' Trumps "Benfords Law'
Winner's don't need no dam Benfords law, trump got his d!ck kicked by Biden and the Democratic party. Tell Benford to get stuffed, Biden is the presidenté. 👍
Old Systems Analyst here. Too small a sample, too concentrated data points of small values. Of course Benford’s law will not hold. You must take more samples, state wide for instance, and each data point must contain larger quantities of voters. Long, involved conversation of probabilities and statistics (which I would find interesting but I’m a math geek) but given a better distribution I believe Benford’s law still will hold. But I’m retired now and am actually now more interested in the reduction of nose and ear hair quantities. Any videos on that?  🤔  I did subscribe though...
Science is real according to Biden supporters but math isn’t?
Love it!!
I learned something new
ya but wouldn't you expect that both would show deviations of Benford's Law if a computer was stealing from one and giving to another?
The simplest way is to compare the total votes collected per district per number of voters registered for that district. If it is over 1.0 something's amiss.
There are numerous irregularities with the dominion software.  Swapping 6000 votes in Antrim County.
Perhaps I’m not understanding but this does not apply at the county level for states. When you run the data through benfords law there is almost always an “overperformance” by Biden and an “underperformance” for trump in swing states.
I don’t understand why then the trump-graphic follows the benford’s law. If you explain the difference of Biden’s graphic, shouldn’t it be the same for both candidates since the numbers are from the same area?
notice how in the graphs bidens numbers between 8 and 9 are practically non existant  why would there not be more spread in the votes?
Up next: Debunks Sweden's A+ transportation system by driving 4 hours into farm land, climbs a mountain, then starts his timer & waits for a bus to arrive.  Dismantling assumptions about Chinese traditions & culture by using data from Uyghur internment camps.  That's you with this Chicago example! Statistics don't lie, but statisticians sure as hell do.
if votes are counted as they come in randomly shouldn't the graph look like the restaurant you gave as an example
what does the data say about detroit ang philadephia
As someone who is skeptical of the election's results, thanks for taking the time to objectively analyze this allegation. You demonstrated it was wrong by analyzing the facts, not ignoring them. I wish every allegation was being given such a thorough and unbiased analysis.
That Trump tower looks more like Sauron's one
9:50 "the modal first digit for EACH candidate's vote will not be 1 or 2 but rather 4, 5, or 6."  Biden's counts shown earlier are consistent with this, but Trump's counts appear to be too low.  Would the logic in this video, applied to Trump, not point to his counts having been adjusted downwards?
So what you’re saying is, I’m surrounded by idiots in Chicago? Cool. Time to move. Lol
got data for greens too?  and other parties too?
Your a leftist...
You are a hack.
check Philly !!
So you took data from a very small group of ppl from a very one sided city, why not do the same thing with a battle ground state and use the entire state’s data?
Easy to refute  Just apply Benfords law in other regions where counting didn't conveniently stopped and got extended. https://youtu.be/0LAEcQl2Tg4
BROOO!!!! I LOVE HOW OBJECTIVE YOU AREEEEEE!!!!
0:55 source the quote?
This guy is trying to spin everything he is talking about. And I'll prove it... He talks about bidens digit spikes in "3" and how its normal. Watch at 9:40. 3 doesn't even fall in that example. And how about you test a city that's not Chicago. That city has been corrupt for as long as I can remember
So why is Trumps vote distribution follow the classic benfords law? And not the same shape as Biden.
https://youtu.be/4iz4EHriYz0  If you want to dive deeper
This is slimy. This stinks of something...
Problem is Biden's graph follows the same pattern across contested states, not just Chicago
The answer is simple: Because Biden's vote follows Biden's Law, not Benford's!  Hence: Trust the neighborhood, but lock your front door at night.
I say we have a biast video i demand a hand recount your math voodoo is asinine
My fave example is length of rivers. In Km or Miles you might ask? Yes. Even if you measure them in yards or feet or football fields, the leading digit distribution matches Benfords.
I'm not buying it one bit. Very problematic...
Something suspicious in the vote results
Very disappointing to see that even a seemingly rational mind would use a unilateral argument to reach the conclusion they're seeking. If Benford's Law is inapplicable to elections in general, and to Biden in particular, then why does it apply to Trump? This is not addressed in this video.
Never been on your channel before, saw the thumbnail, clicked the video, and was 100% correct that'd you'd be australian
Biden is CHEATING 🙄
Well done!  I just bought Humble Pi on Amazon.
False flag.  He uses "Chicago's" data set for Biden, and then attempts to justify the irregularity based on just Chicago.  The Trump graph was the aggregate national graph that demonstrates Benford's Law across the more accurate measurement.  When you take Biden's national aggregate across the time stamp and measure it against Trumps national across the time stamp (the sudden massive influx of votes) you find a profound violation of Benford's law across the entire dataset Biden's national vs Trumps national, especially within the time stamp period of between 9:30p.m.-4:30 a.m. for wich ever time zone you look at.
In NM this election 2020, voters could not vote "straight party ticket."  Each candidate had their own box for us to mark in or not.
I love how people call observations "laws". Bravo, science, bravo.
Makes no sense to look at Chicago or SF or NYC. They are not swing states.  I would like to see analysis of Philly or Pittsburg or Detroit instead.
Get ready to lose your YouTube channel buddy.
RadioLab just did a great episode on this too: https://www.wnycstudios.org/podcasts/radiolab/articles/breaking-benford
thanks so much for this nicely explanation! This indeed shed a light for me on when Benford's law can be applied and when it fail to work.
So from this, all you can really conclude is that Chicago really hates Donald Trump.
16:35 can you explain why you made two different book covers?
2:00 Data with order of magnitude in USA( vor votes) , 3:38... data doesn´t expand in "several orders of magnitude".
Random fact... We live in the state of Utah, but directly across the street from "Evergreen Park." I was shocked to discover that the map you displayed in this video, of a completely different state, also has an "Evergreen Park."
He is covering all his bases here. But, the line he failed to mention is. The more data used the stronger Benford's Law applies. In this case we have a huge amount of data. Clearly pointing to non statanded number flow. In every type of test used from very angle.
You're an idiot. You get your degree in some third rate University?
stop bringing mathematical truths to the game of politics!...
Benford's Law seems pretty Zipfy
This dude knows nothing he's yapping about, when I see people like you talk about Benford's law it make my stomach sick
Illusion❌❎❌❌
Taking JB alone won't bring you anywhere. But, you'll see a lot of abnormalities/irregularities when include/compare with all other candidates at different level (senate, house, presidency) with overtime counting and with over years of elections. The so called JBism violates every rules. Math, Statistics, Operation Research, Analytics etc always have exception. But, why are there so many exceptions for JB? The only reason is that he has received more exceptional treatment than anybody else.
Obviously in Chicago for sure. It’s gonna go to Biden. No one would argue this.
Furthermore...  If "science" is being followed, results should be repeatable and measurable...  If recounts show, with transparency, that they are accurate, then the election of Biden is valid...  However, there is enough evidence to question this...  So please, shuv-it until you can show me this..
also, nobody is arguing that Chicagos numbers r off. its a blue city in a blue state, try ur analysis on PA
Ohhh how i wish you hadn’t chosen Chicago.  Not necessarily the historically quintessential example where honesty and politics meet.
So if Biden’s numbers don’t match Benford’s Law, many of Biden’s votes are bullshit—and you’ll see that in the coming days.
Basically people assumed a conclusion based on a flashy title and graphic. Big surprise.
Con fusion 101
Is this only Chicagos data? Didnt think that Illinois was contested
U have NO idea how Chicago voting works!!
You had to go all the way back to 2000 to find data that matched the curve??? Why didn't you just use the last election data from 2016????? That would have made more sense.  I think you just lost the possibility of me listening to anything else you wanted to say with this.  If you're going all the way back to 2000 to find data just to prove your point then there's no telling what other schemes you're going to try to hatch up with other data. No doubt you anticipated this and so you put your  "findings" at the front of the video to try to get your ideas into people's heads before they clicked away. No seeds for me, thank you.  I'm gone.
So this LAW is more of a suggestion. Funny cause the CDC suggestions are treated as LAW... I humbly propose we call this phenomenon Fauci's rule.
So let's say that in 40 states, all 4 candidates totals followed Benford's law pretty accurately, but then in 10 states, where they stopped counting at midnight and found 100k+ votes for one candidate, only Biden's doesn't ... that passes the smell test for you?  I'm not disputing your math acuity, but what's the record of a consecutive heads coin toss?
I don't see how you reach conclusions with one dataset from a known lobsided area. How does Chicago compare to Illinois, and Pennsylvania? Is a partisan 75/25 area the same as a 25/75? What about 52/48? Please tell me how this is not worthless? Is it a response to something.  You did this now because ...? Shiva Ayyadurai? This exercise proves what?  Next time sit down or don't bother.
very interesting! so much so i nearly forgot i had something in the broiler..
I feel like you concentrate on such a low scale to avoid proving yourself wrong
Wikipedia changed the definition of benfords law the other day and added that little comment he read at the beginning.🤔
Thanks for this demonstration, but can you do it for a controvertial state ?
You doing a video on US politics basically was an open invitation for all the idiots of the world to come right in. This is why people stay away from it, and I think you honestly learned the lesson by now or do it for other reasons
You specifically chose Chicago to "Deboonk," but it held true in swing state cities also. Many other odd red (or at least yellow 9 flags as well.
People on the ground in Germany report that Scytl, which hosting YOUR elections data Improperly through Spain, was raided by a large US ARMY force & their Servers were Seized in Frankfurt.  The Spanish software company Scytl, which sells election manipulation software worldwide that was used in the USA, is on the verge of bankruptcy. The server for the manipulation was in Germany.
There are some weird things going on in the USA that are not as democratic as one might expect, but its basically the opposite of what Trump says. Everyone interested take a look here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/REDMAP
what the hell did he say?
Why would you use Chicago as an example... instead of an actual representation of the States having the issue... smh... you corrupt the data by using a healthy vote count and not a corrupted one.
Wait so Trump's votes follow the Benford's law but not Biden's? That don't make no sense. 1. We are assuming the data from Chicago is honest 2. I'd like to see comparative data of past elections to see if Benford's law follows Benford's law.
Ok, great, do your test in Wayne county Michigan.
3:18 what a terrible example. between 0m and 1m there're actually infinite orders or magnitude lol  but ok, let's just pretend you said "between 2m and 3m" and move on
Cool stuff. Thanks for the explanation!
6:27 When you use the singular 'they/their' for people you know the gender of, it does start to sound like an affectation.
The use of an Algorithm on the 1 hand yet using manual input to alter votes shows up in the data in the "spike" aka "hockey puck" of nos.which never happens. Unless..."man-gorithmn" is.
Nice vid man. Good info done in a captivating manner that made it easy to follow along and pay attention.  Only thing... Lose the mug man. Props are tacky. especially when they are empty.
Is this officially real life episode of Numbers ?
Meh. I mean what does a mathematician know about Benford's law. And to suggest reading a paper on the topic!?  Outrageous I read the name of the law a day ago on a forum and I KNOW it proves what I want it to prove. End of discussion.  Someone might say.
Let’s see ... a law that doesn’t work, to predict an election I don’t really care about, which will make bugger all difference to the man on the street and the rest of the world because the people who hold the most power are the unelected bureaucrats and corporations. I think I’ll have a lie down and switch off.
Guys, sometimes you have to break a few law to save democracy from orange Hitler. You're welcome, America
Looks like cognitive dissonance to me.
Reminded me of "p-values"...  Anyway, loved the book "Humble Pi". Enjoyed it tremendously and a good reminder why I love mathematics. :)
corruption
is Benford one of Trumps minions?
Dude shut up with your fake debunk. Are you gonna say moore's law is fake too ?
So what your saying, dont check the votes since it COULD be correct. Even the people advocating for recounting and all that stuff, only claim Benford's law cound indicate something is off and need to be checked...
Clearly, you don't realize LAWS are for Republicans. Democrats are exempt.
15:45 Trumps voters came in first 😂
Great, so now you are telling me that math has a liberal bias. WHY DOES EVERYTHING FAVOR LIBERALS?!?!?!
"While I have you here" - I'm still here Matt, trapped. Please, release me.
Talking about US elections... but uses metric!
Always get this statement from YouTube per Elections:  "The AP has called the Presidential race for Joe Biden." I don't see the AP or any other news media listed in the Constitution to call the race for President or anyone else.? Isn't this a little presumptive to presume that they can take the place of the Electoral College which doesn't meet till December 13?
one thing for sure: this election enriched the content of r/badmathematics.
Two reasons: HAMR and SCORECARD.
cant look em in the eye, he a lie
Notice he adds caveat " and Biden got really consistent percentage of each vote {from each Chicago precinct)". what makes this as expected result if there were no meddling?  Me smells a rat...
I understand how this data works and can be used. So let me suggest a couple things. I noticed benfords law and the 2 digit method measue natural randomness in numbers. It helps things stand out that are not naturaly random. But the data is more reliable when these is more variation, and the more data u have added in. However the 2 digit method is much less reliable and here is why. Its like taking a looking at a piece of the whole data with a magnifieng glass. The more whole the data is the more reliable it is. So i disageew with you other method being the better one. Id say its better suited for less variations and less data.
On a different note, it seems to me that you COULD use Benford's Law to analyze these election results, even if the data  you're looking at in this case is not spread out over several orders of magnitude. The idea would be to cast the data into a smaller base. In base four, where the leading number could be 1, 2, or 3 you would again expect Benford's law to hold (though the expected proportion of the leading number or numbers would be different from a base ten system, of course). Since the data in this new number system is spread out over more "orders of magnitude", we can analyze the data just fine for its compatibility with the expectation. All the reasoning that rationalizes Benford's Law in base ten still applies but the numbers are not so constrained to a particular first digit.  In the extreme, take a binary system. The leading digit has a 100% chance of being 1, of course. But the first two digits can be either 10 or 11. I calculate a Benford expectation of 58.5% for the former and 41.5% for the latter, if I did things correctly (although I just learned about this an hour ago, so double check me). This is a very simple test, of course, with only this one statistic. But, say, a base 5 system for example should allow the application of Benford's law to the data with meaningful results when we compare all four digits to their expected frequency.
Try this on one of the states that are in question. Say PA?
Assuming that you have a cause that matches, means you need not bother to look at anything. Keep your head in the sand.
So the evidence suggests votes were being stolen from trump in Chicago
😄😄😄😄 what a waste of time, even for worthless Trumptards.
There's one point where I think the first segment could be improved. Is it impossible to compare the distributions to historical data? If you showed that the precincts don't historically follow benford's law, it would be effectively case closed right there.
best possible argument definitely  perhaps not best possible untruth though  great vid!
It works for trump, but not biden. Seems sus
I think you are looking at too small of an area, only Chicago. What happens when you do this for an entire state that was the bone of contention, say Wisconsin instead of Illinois.
You should do the same analysis on a battleground state or county and show us the results with the extra insight in to the data that you gave us this time.
So it looks like nothing was fudged in Chicago this election. Which makes sense.
There should be a professional sport where you're given a dataset and each side need to prove opposite points via cherry-picking/scaling the graphs, etc. Not that it would be that interesting, but it would be a less destructive way of occupying that kind of people than letting them work for politicians.
I know this rube!  He's just trying to sell his book! LOL
Why did you so quickly move past the control samples? It's the most important point is to prove it 'does' work before you try and establish  "why" it works.  Better control samples would be Previous Elections. If it held true in previous elections then it proves it should also work in this election.
So, what you're saying is that Biden stole the election!
As stated in the description, Chicago was chosen instead of a swing state because the original claim used Chicago to assert the violation. Edit:spelling
Ah yes, Fuzzy Logic... Calling all coders, calling all fellow coders... 🤓
This guy took a good equation and added the numbers needed to get a result he was looking for.  Maybe next time add county's or cities and Bedfords law works.
Lol. numerology. u can sample the number u like to get the number u need.    it can work if u apply PHYSICS law... but numbers law ... keep them to number.  P.s.  The Earth IS NOT FLAT... SHOKING NEWS
Championing your cause doesn't mean installing dictatorship lmao.
Which means maths is a waste of time.
Does the distribution od first digits in votes in Chicago change after change to another base: octal or hexadecimal?
78 million man
Scott Steiners maths skills should have totally been used in the election.
Why wouldn't you use the same numbers for Trump since they both where being voted on in that state.
Now check Pennsylvania!!!!!!
So, in layman's terms what your saying is: You hesitate to articulate, for fear you might deviate, from the true articles of rectitude, right?  But, additionally: "Starkle, Starkle, little twink, what the heck I are? you think! I'm not as drunk as some thinkle peep I am, it's just the drunker I drink the longer I get! hmmmmm all makes good sense to me....
So Chicago is not a good example of a 'competitive' election, therefor this was a waste of time trying to apply Benford's law to it.  How about Pennsylvania?
Weren't the Trump votes also from the same 2000 precincts in Chicago? If so then why the Benford distribution for Trump and not for Biden?
Yes the numbers are normal for Chicago but we need to run the numbers for the States that are in question. No one is questioning Illinois!!!
I do keep hearing on every conservative channel supporting our POTUS Trump talking about the Constitution authorizing powers to different branches. And I do agree with it being the rule of LAW. However the 2nd Amendment is also the RULE of LAW.  The Right of the Militia being necessary to the security of a free State, The Right of the People to KEEP and BARE ARMS SHALL NOT be INFRINGED.  Now that's a pretty clear statement from our Founders, and any common person in the USA can understand what it says and what it means. The Founders were not cavemen, they were professional soldiers, lawyers, statesmen, diplomats, farmers, business owners, with families of their own. The 2nd Amendment was debated heavily and went through committees and in the END they all ratified it using this simple language. So are they going to do away with the NFA (National Firearms Act) and the Hughes Act to restore our rights and disband the BATF?  Help Spread this message to all Freedom Loving American Patriots so we can END our Governments (Both Parties) strangle hold over us. Our so called leaders expect us to trust them with all the Arms but never give Us the People the same Trust. Without the 2nd NONE of our other rights and freedoms will matter. Copy and Paste/ Repost everywhere.
I didn't do the math to check, but just from looking at it, its not normally distributed, its skewed right. 9:15
Let me guess you are a Democrat anti Trump and have tds?
https://youtu.be/u2DRwt6RWyc But the much much much bigger data sets for the whole country do apply to Benford - and in swing states - shows a big red flag.
How can there be a pi chart in a graph?
Benford's law is wrong if the leftist doesn't agree.
If you are being accused, the Benford's law works. If you are the accuser,  no Benford's law does not work.
@16.00....."they have probably got an agenda"....... I think it's fair to say you are a Biden fan, and you have your own agenda.!
bruh your transition music and overlay 🤦🏻‍♂️ stoppp
Truth in advertising --- This video should be titled, "Why don't Chicago Precinct data follow Benford's law?"  Your desire to make this result seem to disqualify all election analysis is misleading at best, deceptive at worst.  Bad job here.
Lets see...... anyone disputing chicago?............................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................................... [going to sleep]
You are taking me on a emotional roller coster ride xD
Great video.  Been saying this since this hypothesis came out but you really summed it up nicely.
It's fine for both sides to use data to support their argument, as long as they aren't intentionally omitting or twisting data to spin their story, while knowingly misleading people. Thats just unethical.
*The real moral of the story is that the Sumerians were correct and base 60 is superior for elections.*
this sounds great but if it was not for the odd thing going on.
Gauss versus Benford 😉
In a world.... Where every situation can be explained by something Noone understands. We are screwed
There is no law, formula, or mathematical theory that can accurately put into context the amount of pure hatred towards Trump.  He brings out the worst in all humans.  Throw it out the window.  Do you know what makes sense?  A majority of the country wanted Trump gone.  How it shakes out in the data is irreverent other than cult members who don't agree with the outcome and are desperately looking for any excuse.
Who's claiming this about Chicago? I thought they where claiming this on Pennsylvania.
I don’t listen to foreign people when it comes to the US political climate. But this is mildly interesting
Because they don't exist. A thing which does not exist cannot follow Benford's Law, or any other law. solved
That's great, but, most importantly, are you Jim Carrey brother?
I would love to know what you think about some of the other statistical claims being made by Republicans. What is the math missing here? Cause there is a lot of pretty graphs that seem odd but I'm not sure if these are representing some sort of malpractice or something else that isn't postulated.   https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
This was way more interesting then I expected, lol.
Gas lighting at its finest. Benford's Law has been used to detect election problems for years. If you look at Miami-Dade, both Trump and Biden have the same graph, even though it isn't matching Benford's law. But you can find issues all over the place with Biden in the problem districts.
Your eyes and mine are different. That is a "quite a tight" normal distribution, you say 8:51. But I would expect that distribution to be in a textbook as an example of an obviously right-skewed distribution. Look at the slope to the left of the peak compared to the slope to the right of the peak. I can't quite interpret it, though, because I don't really understand what you did here. You took the votes in batches of ten and divided them into biden and trump to get a percent for biden, I get that. But what's the horizontal axis? Since it hovers around the mark of 500, I assume it is the total number of votes cast in that precinct? But then, why the ten-vote batches? I'm sure I'm tripping over some silly misunderstanding, but I don't get what you're doing at this point.
But does this apply when one party promotes election in person and one promotes mail in...apples to oranges?
I respect the math, though I do have to question if the numbers are accurate. By which I mean, these are just the numbers given. If one hasn't collected the numbers independently and just goes by what is given, sure it will seem right, thought that doesn't necessarily mean that the numbers given couldn't have been altered to appear as such. It is not outside the realm of possibility that someone could use Benford's Law to cook the numbers so as to appear to follow or not follow.
Voted in Chicago and they did not ask for an photo ID and in 2016 they asked for photo ID.
Binden's law is not Schumer/Pelosi, or Biden's law!
The Dunning-Kruger Effect chart: exactly how close to the uppermost left margin of the chart does Trump qualify?
BULL S**it !  Whale up snow flakes  the election is over !  #JIBERESHDOSENOTCHANGERESULTSOFAMERICANSFREEWILLVOTES!
I think your counting all votes including "ALL ILLEGAL VOTES'' We will not get a clean count until after the illegal votes are kicked out.
Oh, pi is cool
Just imagine explaining that to a Trump supporter......no wait, better not
So biden is trailing by 700,000 votes in Pennsylvania and magically won .work that out
So Biden smashed Trump in Chicago (as was widely predicted).  No surprise if there was no crude cheating.   Shouldn't you be talking about one of the close run states where cheating was likely?
This does not considered that raw data may have been  manipulated!  Only as good as the integrity of the input data! Wouldn't observing data sequentialy as it being received a better case for application  here? Statistics are easily manipulated to show a result, not necessarily a truth, only a possibility!
If you come at this backwards can benfords law be used to influence data before folk use benfords law?
The election results follow "Biden's Law" - Hide in a basement, hide the dementia, let big tech and the media lie, and let the counting machines round up for Biden and down for Trump. Voila = New World Order and Reset within 10 years.
Time to join theRevolution!
But there were four canadits
I loved maths as a child. It was the only thing that made sense
Figures lie, and liers figure?
what happens when you run the numbers  from older elections?
Wonder how much they paid you for this video
Funny all the MAGAs commenting on this video that either didn't bother to watch it or understand it.
In the vote data, the first digit of what?
I want him to be the next Doctor
I hate the law
So Chicago is a heavily Democrat city, most big cities are. That being said would it be better to have more data let's say using the entire state of Illinois? Or using it in more close states such as Pennsylvania, Arizona, or Georgia? There have been admittances of mistakes already such as voting booths flipping 6,000 votes for Biden when they were meant for Trump. Would these tests catch these types of mistakes?
so if one candidates votes are filtered out and thrown away what would that look like? something like trumps numbers , wouldnt it?
This presentation shows the anomalies: https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
Biden is about to be taken to math class.
You scale the values across a standard deviation.  Problem solved.  This guy doesn't actually know how the process is done.  That is he knows how it works but he doesn't know how it is applied in practice. What is the upper extent of the data?  300?  ok now 300 scales to 1000.  150 scales to 500  75 scales to 250.
Great video! Bought your book online and enjoyed it immensely.
See that election pop up on this video? Click "why am i seeing this?" And it doesnt direct you anywhere. So why am I seeing this youtube?
How much were you paid to make this video?
He looks like an idiot. Probably is.
>problematical
5:31 Lol, there's a ‘random’ spike at 37
Very good explanation. Pulling up the paper and quoting the exception sealed the deal for me.
Don’t know what you’re talking about but If you’re a republican l don’t believe a thing you say republicans lie.by,by.
The AP is a farce!
What is a first digit?
Your hypothesis is flawed.   If they are both tallied the same way then one shouldn't follow the law and another not.
So Apparently the Democrats should want an audit to prove their innocence and trumps guilt so least now we agree for an audit
This a solid, apparently impartial exploration of the topic. Would be nice if the media had as much respect for its audience as you do yours.
That’s a real catchy intro tune you’ve made there, well done
do one on detroit weeeeeeeeeee
Cheating.
I don’t love Biden but I learnt a lot from this video!
I hate math. Always did, even though I'm fascinated by it and loved this video. Thanks Matt!
Not impressed.
Ah yes... so basically it's a total wash because elections are not really naturally distributed, as we gerrymander, setup precincts on population, etc.. so typical data analysis techniques just aren't gonna work for it.
I thought of this is when I saw the last digits frequency number:"Look, its another trump tower." And yes, there probably a failed Russian attempt to rig the vote
Cheers!
Benford's Law is wrong because every digit actually starts with 0 /s
Because Democrats are powerful thieves.
Doesn’t really tell us much at all without the inclusion of other states and past election results. All he did was pick a non controversial state with similar population precincts, and explain Biden’s anomaly as a result of having precincts with similar populations. Would love to see more analysis.
Thanks for this.  I do support Trump but want more that that for studies & claims to be accurate and this appears quite reasonable.  What would have been good to do is compare the 2020 data with 2016 and prior year data.  If the theory holds, Benford's law should similarly "not work" for any presidential elections in Chicago for the last 20 years.
Chair of the Federal Election Commission Trey Trainor has said the actual votes don't even matter.  When observers were blocked from doing their job election laws were broken and THAT invalidates the election.
Did the almighty YouTube algorythm suggest this to me because I recently watched Vsauce's Zipf Mistery video? Hmm... 🤔
THANK YOUUUUUUUUU!!!
So is that just always 1 standard curve, that could be called Benford's curve then? Shouldn't there exist true sets of data without anomalies that wouldn't always start with an apex and a steep curve down to a valley then?
So in short: Trump has so little votes, the normal distribution is shifted to be centred at 0, so it’s not normal anymore ;)
All those factors that supposedly skewed Biden's results away from Benford's law should have skewed Trump's too, but didn't. Benford's Law held.
👏🏻  🇺🇸🇺🇸TRUMP 2020🇺🇸🇺🇸
Why did you only look at the data from Chicago?
Trusting British people with US politics is typically bad data. BBC, guardian, and Telegraph are just as corrupt and in bed with CNN, NBC & FOX’s propaganda and hit campaign agendas.. 🦹🏾‍♂️
ITS BECAUSE THE ELECTION WAS STOLEN BY THE PEDOFILE RING (THE DEMONRATS)   TRUMP IS THE REAL PRESIDENT AND SHOULD BE FOR HIS LIFETIME
if Trump's data followed Benfords Law in the same areas, why doesn't Biden's? You didn't address the Trump data here and the discrepancy.
So as always that looks odd, why? :)
Check if the 2 digit Trump districts threw out the most significant third digit to reduce his vote.
Could that indicate that votes were thrown out, not added in?  Does this data match data from other cities?  Does it flip in areas Trump won?  Should it?  IDK.
Does newton's law come into play? Go out and find out for us.
This dude is just trying to sell his books
While the Chicago example is great and all, people are using this argument in competitive states like WI and MI. So it's easy to take the weakest claim and debunk it, but this is just a straw man.
I guess state departments around the world and the UN is wrong on using Benfords law? Every forensic bean counter CPA is wrong? It was designed to show anomalies.
why dont u check Pennsylvania? or Arizona? This is a nice analysis
liberals can't do math and this includes you
14:15 the Trump tower looks a lot like a side-view of Barad-Dûr to me. Is that just me?  I kinda wanna see that cross-over now. Trump: ``I tell them, Bring me, you know i say, bring me an army. Bring me an army worthy of Mordor. And you know, they do, they realy do. It's amazing but, they do bring me an army, isn't that amazing. Huuuge.''
Congratulations for finding just the few papers that supports your claims. No political bias there, right?
Ironically, the proportion of first digits doesn't follow Benford's Law.
So, where did you get the data for Trumps results? And why would you check Biden's data ONLY from a traditionally heavily democratic city?... Also, you talked about using pi to to ensure the random selection on Biden's results, but then compared it to a chart of Trumps NOT using the same method? I am dissappointed at how much explanation you put into explaining and trying to dispel any concern over the completely non standard results of Biden's, then gave a min of very vague and suspicion producing questioning of the unknown source results you ran for Trumps graphs. Then your mockery of the one with your "Trump tower taking from the little ones to build it" only came across to me as an intentional refocusing away from the actual results, which both were actually respective of the curve seen in the law...  This is the first video I have ever seen from you, and ... It appears you are right, presenting misleading imformation because of personal bias
Just so you know Chicago is a very corrupt city.  You can’t trust anything that comes out of Chicago.
Love child of Andrew Gaze and Michael Palin
trump 2020
Can you go to the congress  to explain all you say ? Can you do that???
This guy literally said "they took the data from Exhibit A"  But let's run the numbers from Exhibit B....
Illinois is not a swing state and conservatives are not questioning the voting data there. Conservatives are saying there are voting irregularities in swing states like Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Georgia, Arizona etc. If your focus is to prove Trump voters wrong maybe you should pick an area in question.
I was going back and forth between liking and not liking this video. The last things you said kept me sane. I think everything that doesn’t look normal for voting, wether it’s distributions, software errors or affidavits, should be looked at impartially for the good of the people. No matter what side you are on, you should want a free and fair election. Even vague allegations should be looked Into. The weird thing is it seems everyone i talk to no matter who they voted for, wants the investigations and open documentation for them, but the media says that the governments shouldn’t? Doesn’t make sense to me why the people (about 40) I’ve talked to want the assurance of a free election, but news and stuff says no. Anyone else have this same experience?
Can you use this law to make guess's.  Like when in doubt always guess C.
because they are fake ;)
You have an anti Trump agenda. This is absolutely terrible math.
I tell you oh boy you caused my brain to hurt and apparently for no reason just like this video has no reason whatsoever. Good day chap
""WE won by the poorly educated, I love the poorly educated"" Trump.
TL;DW: Trump's totals followed Benford's Law because he sucked so much. Biden's totals per precinct were pretty much always 3 digits, Trumps spanned from 2 to 3 digits, thereby fullfilling that condition for the law.
Biden does not respect any laws, so why would he respect a mathematical theory?
My God! Please be gentle. You'll EXPLODE TRUMPERS EMPTY BRAINS! Brain 🧠!!! YUM!!!
i'm thick. is this good for Trump or not please?
People are, at unpredictable times, unpredictable.
So why didn’t both parties have the same distribution?  The paper you quote seem to say they should both have a normal distribution..
Joe Frauden😡
So we have proven nothing about anything that matters in this video. How about less claiming to be non-partisan, which is obviously false, and go discover what anomalies actually may exist in some of these contested areas. I mean right? Why not?
Does Benford's law account for human emotional response to Death, Race,  Religion, Voter Suppression or candidate's claiming to stand as a Law and order candidate!  Accounting for event's like Covid or BLM deaths in response to eg George Floyd and countless others!
Okay, I have subscribed to your channel. That's what you want, isn't it? Now, you can begin making your money. Good luck. However, don't give up your day job in preference to this coffee-drinking adventure you've gotten yourself into.
I also like how you point out the cherry picking of statistics and then do it in the same video, haha.
Because there were a lot of frauds.
This is like so boring - Law and order - Not Benford's Law -  I like Tacos!
People who use a bazooka to kill a mosquito are charlatans. And that's what you are! Something as little and simple as casting votes and counting votes has made you to be sweating and drinking cups of coffee from a mug! Maybe, you go to the Supreme Court and display your math to them. I do hope those guys at the Supreme Court would listen to you. You are just a joke!
I don't trust statistics, because the same numbers can give you multiple outcomes. Adding variables like time for example can make something seem odd or normal depending on whose doing those story telling
Why on God’s green Earth is this video “fact checked”? 😂 these “fact checks” have got wayyyyyy out of hand!
So when the vote doesn't match polling, there has to be something wrong with ....how data is collected? It's suspected that some of those electronic voting machines could have compromised programming? Manual recounts will tell us the "truth". Must jurisdictions will not be doing these counts over.
As they say, there are: "Lies", "Damn Lies", and "Statistics". :)
Thank you for making this. I appreciate the visuals and in depth animation that I'm sure took loads of time on top of all the math and charting. It really helped kill the large mass of math ignorance in me. Lol! Thanks again! Sincerely, the dyslexic fool following you.
What happens if you change the numbers to octal or base 5 in order to create more orders of magnitude?
cough *Dominion*
strangely, I use Benfords Law to win FRENCH LOTTO three times a week small prizes, every week, every time. !!! Benfords Law !!!
Reporters actually FILMED Milwaukee Election Commission Senior Executive Claire Woodall-Vogg feeding totals into a machine in the wee hours of the morning WITHOUT any election observers! This was ALL CAUGHT ON VIDEO!
You looked at Chicago? The one city that is a no brainer for Biden? The Benford argument is not being used for Chicago. It’s being used in swing states/counties.  Why is it that the totals for Trump’s, multiple senate races, congressional races, propositions, all done the same day, all follow Benford. Only Biden’s deviates. Why?
Question: If we take N (The natural numbers) will Benfords law still hold?
Then why didn't trump's numbers meet brentford numbers?
Can you give me tonight’s lotto numbers?
Strange dat, no?
Now try doing this in one of the contested states.
Is it just me or do the last 2 digits of trump's results look like Barad-Dur...?  Tinfoil hat: Trump = Sauron.
So, this maths proves that Trump is massively unpopular in an overwhelmingly left-leaning, anti-Trump city?
Looking at a different perspective...Concerning the voter software that they say glitched...did anybody check to verify  any illegal software patches happened...i.e. like code that can change  Trump votes to Biden votes, over 20 states use this software...this  alone could change the results and it would not be that difficult for a  good hacker to accomplish...like those mysterious Russian and North  Korean hackers!
Very interesting and well done video. Although since we all knew (including the Democrats) Biden would win in Chicago, there most likely was not any potential tampering in Chicago. So a true test would be using the data of the swing states that are in question. Applying Bedford‘s law to Chicago a skewed test.
Wow I'm shocked big tech hasn't taken this down yet. They are terrified of people hearing the truth. Only far left communist propaganda allowed! 😂. Great job sir
MATH
doesn't follow because elections are fake in this country. were just finding this out as a fact this year.
OK, so it is easy to see through your take on Biden's non-Benford's Law graphs, because, if what you are saying about Biden and how people would have voted in the area, then the same must apply to Trump for areas where he is popular.  Oh, wait, that never happens for Trump, does it! Busted
Election data confirms biases as partisanship approaches infinity.
Yearn for the days when skepticism is properly respected again and answers like yours are widespread and popular.  Big Brother doesn't need to tell us the correct answer when people like you can explain it.
I really love this video because unlike the “fact checkers” in the media he obviously doesn’t have an agenda here. Nobody trusts the media anymore, and for good reason, and so it’s really difficult to tell exactly what is fact and what is fiction or spin.
Benford always works except when I don't like what it proves.
That was a good infomercial
I like pie. :-)
This is on the YouTube trending page so it must be BS.
So widen the net and incorporate more data from the entire state, region, of country. You should easily get your orders of magnitude then.
...because they stuffed the ballot with Zombie Voters from the grave..🌪☄
Just hand count all of the legal votes methodically to insure accuracy like in piles of 20 then put them in boxes or large envelopes of 1000 then in a larger box of 100,000 and so on until you count them all.
That was a fake sip at the beginning wasn't it?
И как теперь Америка будет учить весь мир демократии после таких масштабных фальсификаций на выборах? А?...
Looking at the vote in Illinois is strange to me. Obviously the data being observed should come from the swing states that decide the election
Keep dreaming, lol
Your calendar days example was rotten - roughly 1/3 start w a 1, yes; AND  roughly 1/3 start w a 0, and  roughly 1/3 start w a 2....DUH! Must be why you used it again within the same 5 minutes in the opposite way. I've worked w mathematical modeling professionally for over 2 decades and was interested in this topic., but you  lost credibility quite quickly.
Great video
This is why I love math, logical, verifiable, repeatable.  Thank you for this!
you failed to explain the difference between the first two graphs. If Biden looked one way why did Trump look so different.
Bravo. Bravo.
What's so wrong with verifying before certifying? The ones that are against it are in most cases the ones with something to hide, that is called NATURE.
I have firsthand experience with voting process in Illinois.
It seems awfully stupid of you to pick a dataset fore this video that Benford's Law can´t detect, especially since there's enough out there. Or... was it perhaps intentionally done ?
Please try Philadelphia or Pittsburgh if you find yourself bored. Chicago and IL, like NY would never be a site for corruption, there would be no need.
So specifically 4 or 5 NOT 1 OR two. So it is something to look into. So yup.
The Michigan "step" distribution analysis would be much more interesting, if we could have access to those votes. But we never will, yaaaay! :D
Could you check PA the rest...
When boxes of votes come in the back door with only one name you get a spike like this.🤷🖕
the moral of the story is trust but verify..
I didn't care about the election nonsense...I just had no idea what benfords law was.
This was interesting.
how many counties in California would I need to use, using their statistics on the coronavirus to find out what the Average death Rate and, Average Number of people who have contracted it, and Age?...seems to me there must be other things that I could die of in California with about the same average rate?
New song 🎵 https://youtu.be/vlA16a6XAuA
Yeah, trump lost, theres a disclaimer tacked right on your video.
Cool video.  Just a question.  If Biden's results did not follow Benfords Law due to their number range being too low, why did Trumps results appear to follow Benfords law?  I thought you might have explained that.
Could everything start with a one just because that's the first number in counting?
So my take away:    No body knows anything
Shillerry
Now put Pennsylvania and Georgia to the test!
Follows logarithms
Democrats: Cook the Books Media: Keep everyone out of the kitchen.
8:39, can we call that "The Parker Reaction Face" ?
It is too short. You must continue. Showing spikes and things and stuff. Why is the blue not like the red. And the red not like the blue?
Notwithstanding the results of Benford's Law, I think it's quite apparent to anyone who's been paying attention that some very shady things are going on with this election.
Now compare that data from  Chicago to Detroit, Philly & Atlanta
You are basing your statistics on incomplete numbers sir. The vote count is still on going. Would love to see another video when all the votes are counted with the correct data.
The Democrats would not manipulate votes in a reliably Democrat State. Why take the chance at getting caught cheating, when you will win anyway ?  They would do it in swing States like Wisconsin, Arizona, North Carolina, Michigan and Pennsylvania.
This video just left me puzzled as to what he was trying to say,  except he has a book for sale. Like he's telling us to look at the data but don't believe it...
Downvoted by Trump supporters who're getting more and more desparate...
Statistics dont lie liers use statistics
Ok but what data is being measured? I'm asking because I don't know and have no understanding of what I'm watching right now. What constitutes a 1 or 2 and so on? What information is this meant to represent?
I really love the point you're making in the video.  Thanks for the reminder and the encouragement to verify the things I hear about.
How about looking at the data while using base 5 or 6 numbers? It should increase the number of magnitudes while still keeping enough digits to see the graph.
answer: Bidens votes don't even follow US fed and state law.
So for biden, the reason he doesn't follow benfords law is because of the low amount of data. So why does trump's seem to follow benfords law with the same data set? Actually looking for an answer please.
I can't believe you did a talk in Singapore and students from MY school was in it but i had no idea about it at all. would love a recording of it if you have one! i was real sad that i the wasn't offered to me :(
You're a cool dude. I like you.
So... The Biden numbers in a typically Democrat city are on target, its the Trump numbers that deviate. Are you suggesting a Democrat city mis-reported Trump votes?
The modal first digit for EACH candidate would be 4 or 5. but only Biden got the 4-5 range not Trump.
Interesting fact . You can do the same with language . Counting word frequency across all languages , and the words that repeat the most are oldest . And its been done , so its Slavic languages , and among Slavic languages its Serbian that is the oldest . This has been known by educated ppl for along time when they say , Serbs are the oldest nation in the world .   So its not Greek , its not Latin , its not Sanskrit  its Serbian .. interesting to know for ppl that like history , but real history not popular history
I don't have an agenda.
Nice try joker
What bothers me is that it is compulsory to vote in Australia and even then they only barely achieve a 90% turnout.  In the USA it is NOT so and yet the turnout was in the 94% mark.  The highest ever in Pennsylvania was 70% in 1960.
My fantasy? That the trump crowd watches this—and not just the first minute.
Of course benfords law is no good when it's not doing anything for the dems 🙄
The difference between a marxist statistician  and a capitalist statistician is that a marxist use imaginary numbers whereas a capitalist uses Reals
why cant the Democratic party find alive person to be their candidate , well they like robots better and senile old man .
Great video!
I plotted Benford's Law for binary numbers for your convenience: https://imgur.com/a/S8zHU7H  Curious, I know.
Theodore Roosevelt:  "To anger a conservative, lie to him.  To anger a liberal, tell him the truth."
not to get political but bob the builder should have won the election
I get the point of the video and agree , but the  random model dont make sense, because the each district is random people randomly reporting their own bias random number
fascinating
Can you use the last digit instead? It should b random regardless of the magnitude of the complete numbers.
Obviously is because he has broken the matrix uh, he is Neo
Ummm why would you look at just Chicago? Why wouldn't you look at the state total, which also doesn't follow Benfords Law. None of the "battle ground " states follow Benfords Law. Why does the UN and US use B. LAW as a tool to flag foreign elections where we think there may have been foul play?
The citizens of the USA know Biden stole the election. Period. The world is back in our purse. And forcing world law on the freedoms we have. It will get worse before it gets better.     Trump told you.
As soon as the word LAW!! comes along you have your answer the DemoRATS DO NOT FOLLOW LAW
Bla bla bla, nothing to see here, move on.
Congrats
Bank interest doesn't generally "vary over several orders of magnitude."  The data you're showing varies from .5 to 5%.
Keep fighting, patriots, this isn't over yet. Even if this statistical argument is false, we have a lot more evidence coming to light daily. North Carolina flipped. Four more states to go. Don't be discouraged by the trolls. Just ignore them and go to your nearest protest.
Agenda-driven lies are most comfortable in statistics.
Thanks for the education on a system us non-Statistician's are not familiar with. I've had more experience with SWAG rubber numbers.
The left. Math is racist.
Minion software
quote/from/whom? yousaybenfordslawisnotagoodstatisticaltooltodetectfraud.whydoesyouropinionmatter?
Democrat cheaters are easy to spot by multiple methods.
thats of course the distribution we are going to get... except Trump.
Jason’s Law:  Any computer vote system that CAN be hacked—WILL be hacked.
Benford’s Law being broken in elections is a marker that says “Hey we should look into this”. Trying to refute that means either 1. You are uneducated on the matter or 2. You are with the cheaters
Better stop drinking that coffee and get them teeth cleaned. Seems like it's causing brain damage. 🤣
So, it stands to reason that if we did this same test for 2016, 2012, 2008, 2004, 2000 we would expect to see similar patterns.
Is this what people study in Data Science?
Congrats for all you are accomplishing with your book. Thank you for continually making such quality maths content
This benfords law explanation  https://youtu.be/vIsDjbhbADY has more to consider
just check the graphs of votes counts. which clearly this guy didn't.
I don't think anyone is arguing about the data in Chicago.  If your confident in your math then do a video on MI or PA.
I'll stop you right now.  You used Chicago data?  Why on Earth would you use data from the most corrupt city in the most corrupt State in the US?  Seriously.  That is like using data from prisons as a sample to represent the US population at large.
Is a bit suspicious why Biden’s would be the only candidate data that doesn’t follow it.
This video definitely shows something is wrong . . . your ability to choose a representative data set. The data that you 'found' would produce an equally useful result if plugged into a recipe for cookies.
Interesting
Why analyze Chicago? Illinois wasn’t a swing state. How about Pennsylvania, Michigan, etc.? Also, statistics never “prove” anything. They are only useful in highlighting non-randomness. This is ALWAYS true. More investigations are ALWAYS needed to establish cause and effect.
Ztu5Y5obWPk Proof that the cores were changed to Biden!
Chicago is a shithole, so I would expect most of the self-destructive liberals in Chi-Town to vote for their own demise so yeah, this checks out.
Help if you Re right for the country
If the county's have roughly the same amount of people then how is it that trump's graph looks like that and Biden's doesn't, doesn't  Make sense if the data is the same for both candidates you would think the graphs would be the same
Why don’t Trump’s vote count distribution look like Biden’s? He goes into detail about Biden’s results, but not Trump’s.
But don't days that start with 2 also occur 36% of the time?
Do you have the graphics reversed?
Before we trust you, are you a liberal or conservative??
Did you notice that Google's opinion is that AP is the official certifier of the vote in each of the 50 states.
The music between cuts is very loud and jarring.
Not all heroes wear capes. We definitely need more rational communicators in this situation. Thank you so much Matt!
isn't illinois a democrat "stronghold"?
Benfords laws is good enough for me great work
Spoiler: Based on the Chicago Data if there was inflation for Biden it fell within the scope of randomness. However Trump's inflation was off the charts or the average was artificially lowered by vote suppression either way the lack of consistent randomness means it should be investigated...  My main issue is that the information here doesn't capture temporal values. I get the precinct angle on this but really what would be suspect is context of when numbers were being reported. In short when one precinct closes and calls a winner was there a change.   The problem with that is narrowing down how to get to the areas of interest since a general canvasing is intimidating.
This is a miss leading way to Sell a Book and I fell for it like so many people judging from the up/down votes. Benfords law clearly states in its presentation that it cannot be used for manipulated data sets that have been already altered by the human mind to fit a certain criteria. For example 3 digit phone codes 5 digit postal codes. Matt clearly states that the Chicago voting districts are drawn to be equal in population size, hence manipulation of the data sets by the human mind for all data points has already done. As a mathematician he would have know this in advance by the very nature of his training and experience should have disqualified the example used.......unless he’s just trying to sell you his book. As all the other cute math stuff is fun but completely irrelevant because we already violated the use of Benfords Law at the start......
That's amazing that only the U.S. version of your book cover is made in big, bold print spelling out what it is about.  It tells you what the person who picked that cover thinks about American levels of intelligence.
I choose truth over facts! - Joe Biden 🤦‍♂️😜
You could have said this all in 5 minutes.
It is amusing to see how a 17-minute video could be so useless. Unless, of course, the author is trying to promote his book.
"I'm gonna call this the Trump Tower" I can't breathe
Yep.... not suspicious at all.....
Just curious, but would this show the the Trump votes were manipulated to show less votes?
YouTube is posting warnings and propaganda over your account
Logic does not follow Biden   .   .   .   anywhere.
America needs to understand that I was named president elect three days ago! It’s not really hard to be named that by someone who has no power to do so! I think I proved that!
Question...I understand the vast majority of the Chicago districts falling into 3 digits, that was well explained. What I don't understand is,  why wouldn't both Trump AND Biden's Benford scale be skewed? The over 1000 and less than 100 numbers are so minuscule, it does not seem like it would affect either candidate by much... that would put them both in the 3 digit range.. but Trump has a perfect Benford scale.
Did he did this analysis on data from Pennsylvania, Michigan ?  Chicago isn't relevant.
Trump wins in a landslide. Can't wait for the left to lose it again
This makes sense. However I saw somebody else do this throughout every county in Pennsylvania as aposed to doing it by precinct. I think that would be more accurate and you get totally different results because it’s a much much larger data set
The paraphrase Tina Turner, "What's Chicago got to do with it?"
Why did Trump fit model?
Can you do this one?   https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
So the data of voter counts for Chicago is not spread enough on a log scale for Benford's law to have any good answer about irregularities.  What about spreading the original vote count data on a log  scale? E.g. squaring or cubing all vote numbers before applying Benford's Law...   What does the math theory say?  Would Benford's law still be valid to use on the spread numbers?
That was very educational and entertaining! Thanks Matt!
I have an idea.  "You say Benford's Law is not a good test for an election. I say that it is. We can fight to the death and let God decide."  With apologies to the film, "Kingdom of Heaven."  Lastly, for you literal snowflakes, my comment is only a joke. don't be triggered.
"Let me tell you about Benford's Law", then admits he had to check his own data because he didn't understand it.  Why make a video and claim to be a expert when you then admit your not.  Thus this video becomes a oxymoron.
So, then analyzing 3 or 4 previous elections, they would be consistant??
Why would anyone think “Benfords Law” would be relevant to bounded distributions?
Watermark (technical mark not seen by eye) on paper folks - Trump bloody  smart.  They are stupid...........................watch the show.
Chicago has one of the highest homicide rates in the nation. Since covid hit crime has dropped 7% according to wikipedia. Random?
Me: "Where do I know him??" Also me: "Numberphile!!!"
Why didn't you do detroit, let's challenge ourself..we understand chicago wasn't the problem with abnormalities..
This is why statistics is a degree and profession, and not a topic.
This is stupid and biased  Trust me, I'm educated   I have a masters in gender studies and phd in art
Please do a video on Dr Shiva Ayyandurai's analysis of results (see his YouTube channel). He suggests that his analysis shows systematic anomalies.  His analysis shows that as a precinct become more Republican the proportion of people voting Republican down the ticket but no for Trump increases... but only in precinct where the Republican vote is over a certain proportion.
Imagine if the election was based on who won the most districts instead of how many votes the candidate received total. Then the people who defined the districts would control the results of the election, and your address matters more than your political choice. Good thing this isn't how government works. Oh, wait....
8 out of 10 people you talk to lie too you everything 👍
What the hell?  The international version is so much better looking 😭
Perfect. It's choosing the buckets to produce your desired statistical results. This is statistical gerrymandering!
Why not investigate both people?
Sooo why does Trumps follow the law and Bidens doesn't?
The entire world knows why!
I wasn't convinced. If Biden's vote distribution follows a gaussian distribution, so should Trump's. This looks very much like Trump's votes were tampered with.
Is Pi really random? Guessing someone out there knows.
Looks like a RED tidal wave to me
Just subscribed! Good video and you did great work!   [My tone for this comment is peaceful, genuine, and friendly]  HOWEVER, from MY perspective, your video (and your opinions within it) SEEM to favor 1 candidate [BIDEN] over the other [TRUMP].  I'm not disputing your math or even the rationale behind your conclusions; They're PROBABLY (pun intended lol) accurate. Long story short, the way you.. (in my opinion, and for lack of a better word).. twisted the statistics in order to present your opinions will turn off a lot of people. I myself, a conservative and Trump supporter, didn't like the narrative aspect to.your video; You essentially were disputing that Bidens IRREGULAR votes are actually REGULAR.. while framing Trump's REGULAR votes as IRREGULAR.   I don't know if you read or respond to comments BUT, would you be willing to do a follow up video comparing Trump's "overwhelmingly favored" districts to Bidens? So, in this video, your drawn conclusions were that Bidens massive voter IRREGULARITIES (in Pennsylvania) were NOT actually IRREGULAR at all - due to the "fact" that Biden was "OVERWHELMINGLY FAVORED" to win in those districts... (which isn't a fact but rather, an ASSERTION of fact based on assumptions and opinions of others) So, a better comparison (IMO) is to graph an "overwhelmingly favored" Trump district vs Bidens "overwhelmingly favored" district.  (The only concern to THAT is that districts can be cherry picked)  Either way, great video! Just wanted to provide critism from a Trump supporter perspective on this video :)
Biden hiding from transparency is not a good look.
This is assuming that the votes were distributed or counted right. You have assumed that Biden "got a really consistent number of the votes". You are basically assuming that the data is true and hence Benford's law does not hold. What if the data is false to begin with? Trump's argument is that the data is false and the data not following Benford's law is proof that the data is false. Your argument is that the data is true and that the data not following Benford's law is proof that the data is true. How would you be able to test to see if the data is not tampered with in the first place?
Wouldn't using pi as the neutral throw it off as we are supposed to be talking the last 2 digits of election numbers or did I hear this wrong?
If they only count  voters that are alive biden cannot win.
Idk... I think that the mail in votes really screwed things up and made things way more difficult on all fronts.  Can you describe what happened in Michigan?  Trump was way up and then they said they were going to take a break from counting at 4am but the democrats secretly kept counting and by 4:45 am the numbers had completely flipped.
Computers flipping votes they have evedence
What he's not telling you is that they also checked every other presidential candidate, senate candidates and other races...100.0% came within a single stnd dev (most were much less)...except Biden.  Biden's was completely off and it was completely off in multiple states and multiple counties.  Which states and counties?  The main contested ones and the ones that voted mostly for democrats.  Oh yeah and they checked Biden in GOP main counties and, shocker, he matched in those.  Just not Wayne county, and others like that.  Getting the picture yet?
In layman's terms, do not check your tire pressure with an antifreeze tester.
nicely explained and good at keeping interest. continued success.
ByeDon 2020!
Well that was educative. Good job
Beiden believe sience, science does not believe Beiden
Problematic at best? This is just one step above Gypsy numerology.
You looked so pleased with yourself when you said Trump Tower. And rightly so.
One of the main assertions of the Benford's law Biden votes debacle was about how the previous results from those same districts from previous elections follow Benford's for both the Republican and Democrat. After establishing that Benford's probably doesn't work in this situation at some point shouldn't you have explored that claim and looked at the previous data for those districts?
How much they pay you to do this?
Diminon software need to be examined to see if it is flawed, hecked.
Very interesting. Thank you.
Do it nationally please
What it shows is that the voting machines were stilling votes. The accounting of the votes was  wrong.  Both ways because of it. It shows up in the annalist.
Yah, thats all nice, but Biden crime family is not corrupt, I repeat, Biden crime family is NOT corrupt. Just saying.
I am impressed that Matt expected the video to go viral when he made it.  Matt, if you are ever looking for an assistant to run some simulations, let me know.
So is the x axis the precincts and the Y the % of the total number of votes that Biden received?
Very interesting....
Awesome vid. thanks!
Awesome vid. thanks!
Benfords law????   a guess isn't a law dude...   if you seriously believe you can predict how many people will vote for candidate X   then you should go play the lottery man...  and for all that matters.. they have programs that supposedly help with winning the lottery by analyzing numbers of passed lottery's ..   and guess what...  none of them work either lol
Everyone should watch this - great video!
Its Bedfords Law not Bedfords Theory or Bedfords Study. Its Bedfords Law. Twist it how you want. If something doesn't  follow it then there is something strange going on. If you throw a ball in the air and it doesn't come down then there is something interrupting the experiment.
I dont know whats better, the part where he acknowledges he doesnt know how investigators actually use benfords law, or using a city that is overwhelmingly democrat.  If everyone was already going to vote democrat in chicago, why would you risk cheating for the democrats there, I cant think of a worse example you could have used.  If you told this guy the desert had a lot of sand and very little water he would call you a liar from the beach (and try to sell you his book).
Waste of time.
I love the haircut and Biden's a crook
Congratulations on top 100!  This video was outstanding. First of yours I’ve seen, and I’m already subscribed. Keep em coming!
Sometimes appearing to look clever pays off. More often than not, however it doesn't.
Thank you
Ever got to a video trying to find answers but end up getting nothing but more confused?
Obviously it's racism
I feel uneducated 😿😿
Y2K error and omissions turn Benford's law  on its ash. Votes counted on 11/3/20 reverse proportionate to the opponent on 11/4/20 by "1" where the margin remains  constant at 36526 "mean" 1/36526"
Garbage Math. Get a clue
Man, I don't understand anything of the comments below. I want you to know that I enjoy your video to the max. Because I learn something new that I didn't know before I watched your video. You keep it up and you keep going. So that I can keep watching. Kudos!
The catch: they changed the mathematical rules of this universe so Pi's digit distribution would match Biden's votes'.
So it doesn't work for Biden but it does for Trump. Somebody has an agenda to push.
You can easily check this using simple Monte Carlo simulations written in Python.
not really sure benfords law applies here...not enough data
Imagine a DNC so hungry for power as to own the software that counts  votes... imagine a DNC that will install a 100k personnel new HHS  department that will be Contact Tracers... using software,,, to find out  who needs to be locked down.
100M Americans  plus Trump cant understand this.
I know it can makes sense on both ways but isn’t it weird that they are seemingly so different yet one makes sense because of that and the other because of this
I had to take Statistics for my Psych degree and I can tell you, Statistical analysis matters!!!
That Trump tower looks more like a red wave.
You get that spike for Trump because they counted all his votes before Bidens.
This is the first time I have watched your video and I have subscribed. Although you kept staring into my soul throughout the video. At times I thought hey, I am not even American why am I watching it, I should leave. But then you appeared and reminded me of my school teachers with those stares so I stayed. Smart!
bad things happen in Philly...this is a total scam...President Trump won in a landslide,,,no doubt
Chicago .....hmmmm! Democrat-run city, in a Democrat-run State, with election workers appointed by Democrat management....hmmmm. Oh, and that is one of the cities where Republican scrutineers were banned from being close enough to monitor the counting process, on  Dominion vote counter machines (owned by Dianne Feinstein's husband's company) running Hammer and Score-card software controlled by the Democrat Deep State. Hmmmm, I think that might explain the graphical distortions in not following Benford's Law and the lop sided random distribution of POTUS Trump's vote count across the Chicago precincts. Just say'n, that is probably a substantial reason to commence a complete audit of the Illinois voting process.
took me 10 seconds to see this guy was not being honest. so I don't think I'll buy his book or watch the rest of the clip.  The title really does need to be honest people. Remember that.
Benford law..is tool is used to find out the ANOMALI.....
Benford's Law sounds like 21st Century snake oil.  Absolute Bullsheite!
Because those Biden supporters don’t follow any laws!! (jk by the way)
Why don't you do a 2nd digit analysis of Benford's law on this data?
What the hell, how can numbers greater than zeto begin with zero?
Why only look at Chicago and not the whole State?
So why do you think that Chicago's data appears to match Pennsylvania's data when Benford's Law is applied to both? When I look at the graphs for both locations, Trump has a matching curve and Biden has a matching non-curve. I wonder what the mathematical chances are of that happening. Two states flip in the same way on a graph around the same time of the day with the same influx of votes and then both have matching curves when trying to apply BL? I guess it's just a mathematical coincidence? https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA?t=434
Biden will obey the gravity law when Chameleon Harris push him down the stairs ....♿💤
Because a Biden presidency was not their first choice.
What I learned: Trump is not popular AT ALL in Chicago.
WHY IS THIS VIDEO BLACKED OUT?
one must be careful what conclusion one draws... two objections to the analysis here (which like it generally):  (1) Why analyzing Chicago where Biden was strong anyway (Cook county, for example, is 73% Biden)? (2) "Abnormality" in randomness of Trump's last digits data, indicating possible human intervention, actually supports Trump's claim that votes were deleted from him.  (for more information see Operation Hammer and Scorecard)
What about other states? Chicago is pretty much the only bad example...
why is it that ONLY biden, and ONLY in contested states, does biden's count not follow benfords law?
So much hack math here.
This was a waste of time I’ll never get back!
Benford's law sounds random.
Lol, Chicago, the most corrupt city in America
"If you torture the data long and hard enough it will tell exactly what you want to hear."
Natural numbers NOT whole numbers; fail
Benfords law works when comparing real world data to made up data. For example, if I am cheating on my taxes, my figures will be made up, and because they are made up, they will follow a pattern my brain decides for them, and this pattern will not match Benfords law.
i though leftist hate MATH but you push "SOME" agenda then, probably it can be use
There is no and 0 way to predict or analyse voting. Fact. You're basically tryna say "oh I know what 1million plus people think" Biden won, this makes 0 difference to anything.
I wanna guess before I watch:  (wildly)   republican votes would be more homogeneous and democrat votes are more concentrated.   any statistical analysis would need to account for this.   also the division in sentiment is largely artificial imo , and influenced by social factors and mis/disinformation.    I'll update if I am right, or slink away if I am wrong.  :)  edit: I was off.   but I stand by it :)
At first I said what the h*ll is Matt doing talking about USA politics!!????  And then I heard him out, and then decided that what he did was a wonderful public service! Thanks Matt!
It would be interesting to look at the corresponding data from previous elections
Cognitive dissonance.
liar... check out  hammer and score board.... and dominion voting machines...
Illinois hates Chicago
Question: Should Benford's Law be applied as an axiom in problems such as the Two Envelopes Problem?
Your transitions are painful
this is great content but the the hypey production is kinda grating
It's all right, but why does Trumps vote total match Benford's Law in this case. That should be the anomaly then if Bidens distribution is normal, right?
My god this man is unattractive
*completes any given scene* Transition: beeBEEBEEMBEEEMM-BUUUWWWWOOOOOW.
And now those of us not fluoride stupid are wondering---  how can you plausibly explain away Biden's votes not conforming to Benford distribution without addressing that every other candidate's votes do?
Matt Parker is a legend !
I think he should've debunked the "trump tower" before explaining it, just like the beginning of this vid with Benford's Law.. just in case there are people who turn it off at 14:20 :)
Pointless babble.
Great video thanks!
Interesting video. Would have been interested to see more than just Chicago. As someone else pointed out, would have been especially interesting to see how this played out in swing states. I'm guessing (but not sure) at the state scale there would be significantly wider variance in magnitudes.
I have a lot of respect for the fact that you didn't just stop at "the trump one looks suspicious!" and actually explained why both claims are faulty.  That kind of honesty, regardless of where you stand politically, is something we need WAY more of in today's world.
Good god, this isn't even politically charged and YouTube still feels the need to post their propaganda below the video.
Why so threatened by attempts to increase transparency and valid election results? Nothing is being held up- electoral votes aren't even until mid December.
That vote total data looks almost impossible.
So why does Youtube think it is necessary to point out that the AP, that icon of truth and the American way, has called the presidential race for Biden?  Is the AP now the abitur of US elections?  This is such BS... YouTube needs to stop being so obviously biased to one side and needs to lose its special status as a publisher.
It would be great to say that there are no false-negatives or if there are give an example
One flaw in your argument. Trump's numbers clearly obey Benford's Law when they shouldn't. Given that one candidate's numbers obey the Law (regardless of who that candidate is), that would suggest that the other candidate's deviation from Benford's law is the anomaly.
Dr. Shiva disagrees.
Chicago is a democrat city, why would they change anything there?
And Chicago is a sterile laboratory, just like in academia.
The prerequisite for Benfords law is for a sample sizes population to follow Benfords law. If the population size follows the law, then the data should as well. This is the case in all of the counties Republicans are calling into question. This county analyses has been used on every election since the early 2000’s, and never before has this happened.
Surely the data for the first number in dates is going to have almost 50% for those starting from 1, a bit less (because of February) for 2, and only a few % for 3 (30, 31 only)? It doesn't make any sense to me. But then it's beyond basic maths so... 🤷
The last two digits are THE digits lol
Benford's Model is a result modeled upon statistical data. You only need to go to @8:00 to know that the sample sizes were too small, since statistical data only gets more accurate the more data is input. Continually flip a coin to 100x recording each entry. Most likely the data will come closer and closer to 50% while at lower values you have weird spikes that could have 75% or more. The same is modeled here with Biden's and Trumps data.  Also does anyone look at sources anymore? Considering this is data is only from Chicago, it should tell you that the data is also not representative the election as a whole.
So go recount the vote to see if your accurate.
Why the Democrats are not saying this time to trust the scientists we should tell them to trust math scientists
The trump frequency looks like the Iron throne in the books
The title of this video is an example of overgeneralization. You are using data of one state but the title is misleading - as if you have studied all states. You may reconsider the title.  Question: Should the Trump’s data follow the Benford’s Law if there is a problem with the requirements?
Deep State operative what a hack!
What number is this. based. on?
Should trump concede .. will he ??  Heck no.. watch this video 👉🏼https://youtu.be/ZOKGEssTwnk   And see exactly why he won’t
Want to take my math test?
23:59 - I believe in Science.  00:00 - Benford's Law is bullshit.
Who's the genius who thought Democrats would rig Chicago against Trump? Why  not analyze a swing state instead of wasting time.
Here are some numbers for you whenever racism enters the equation you can start with at least 90% minorities voting against that person  you kind of got to be in the position of the oppressed to fully understand
Shout out to Mark Nigrini! Had him in class; wonderful professor! We did the exact tax example mentioned in this video in class.
What about comparing the presence in different years. A 85% percent spike in one region now, while the average presence is probably bellow 70%. This is strange.
I propose the common sense law.
Source of the data plz? I want to make mi own análysis
What if you plotted the Benford's Law data mixed with votes IN over TIME of voting, including TIME when vote counting was 'paused', print it out on a large sheet, then use that large sheet to block the window of the vote count area?
Maths dont lie. They tell you when to use them amd when to not and when to use a diffrent set. Just have to listen. Sometimes the maths tell you to leave it alone lol
Yep....statistics will do... What do you think guys...hahaha
This is an amazing video. Thank you so much for making it. It explains sooo many different things everything from misunderstanding data to external influences.
Benfords law doesn't prove false values.. it's more of a starting point to find out of place data that could later on be false values.
very much enjoyed your analysis. need more people to present the facts without judgement.  and, yes, I do have an agenda.
I don't know about it being fine that everyone is pushing an agenda.  If your best argument for your agenda is a lie that you present as truth, well we're seeing how that works out in real time...
Would love your feedback on Dr. Shiva’s analysis of MI votes.
CAN THAT LAW TELL PPL WHAT IQ JOE HAVE???????????🤕🤕🤕🤕🤕🤕🤕
Did you run the numbers for Michigan?
I supported Trump this time round, but I'm a skeptical, critical thinker (I can already see extreme-anti-maga's laughing at that one,) but as soon as I saw people spreading this 'Benford's Law' around like wildfire, I was immediately shaking my head at it. Whenever somebody says, "That's not statistically possible, REEEE!" it usually ends up it is. People will just cling onto anything to make their points and it makes me really sad; I wish people would take a deep-dive into their claims before they set minds aflame.
Bro really? Illinois as the example?
7:04. HEGEWISCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  We made it!!
Can you run this analysis for Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Nevada, Arizona and Georgia?  Not just Benfords Law, but all the other analysis you did, as well.
The people who applied Benford's law the U.S. 2020 vote data said they were uncertain about it's application to American elections. Bu they thought there was the appearance of a trend. An appearance, not proof of it.
Say what 🤪
Yeah well math is white supremacy soooo
Good data is good data
Let’s do the math on Michigan, Pennsylvania, Georgia
beware the Yugoslavia syndrone
Neither spiking C19 cases NOR Biden apply to Benford's law. They're falsified. Sorry.
So its a way to track patterns
Another video that’s all black only audio
hum....
"It's from Chicago."   Probably fake, then.
This guy is a Biden supporter. Most of Trump voters, voted in person, not by mail
I'm not understanding how Pi can be random. It is derived by a mathematical function. If you are using a mathematical process to generate a number how can it be random? What I'm trying to say is that if it is generated with a mathematical process then the answer can be predicted and if it can be predicted it cannot be random. How can you say it is a random number when each digit of Pi HAS TO BE a particular number per the formula.  If I add 2 + 2 I have to get 4. Does that make 4 random?   What am I missing here? Pi has to be it's circumference divided by it's diameter... It's not a random number generation and it shouldn't plot as random either,.
Wholesome words for the outgoing President-elect.
This is great stuff!  But to really do a service to we befuddled and pre-civil unrest Americans, can you do the same analysis for GA, PA, AZ and MI?  We'll pay ya!  Thanks!  :)
"You only get Benford's Law in SOME situations."   So it's Benford's poorly enforced law?
Sorry - There is three parties running in this election.
Regardless of this data, the one's who don't want to verify and look into anomalies have something to hide.
This guy is completely wrong.   Biden's numbers are bogus.   I can't wait not to buy his book.
Seems like a fair analysis. Only thing I saw that was off was you quoted " if a competitive 2 candidate race occurs... the modal first digit for EACH candidate..." That's not what we see here. Trump's numbers match Benford's but not Biden's. Your quote says "each." If that's because it wasn't "competitive" because Trump was getting stomped in this area than why quote an apples to oranges scenario?
I’d be interested to see this data for cities all over the country
He's BRITISH....OR AUSSIE....
Interestingly PI isn't that great a random number.  I think phi is much better.  You know 1.6180339...... Please do a comparison.  Thanks
Your argument seems to be a tautology, no? The law doesn’t apply to the data because the data doesnt match with the law.
I mean, the recounts of the votes in multiple states will probably have a large effect on the election data. A follow-up video after the recount for a state like Georgia or Pennsylvania (if they do a recount there) would be cool to see.
That’s because everybody’s r their mama voted for Trump but they suppressed it
I’m confused. You first say we can measure things around the house in centimeters between 0-200 (a three digit number) and it’ll follow the law. But then go on to say that the precincts only have 3 digits, which isn’t enough to follow the law. Am I not getting something? Thanks!
"Do your own research." For the majority of voters in American elections, that usually consists of asking if a candidate is Republican or Democrat.
Math is math you  smuch
Yeah, nothing to see here...move along
this is absolutely great explanation, and I want to know what's Benford law👍
Because the pattern of the voters are consistently the same, most mail votes are democrat and most in person voting are republican so that consistency generate a tendency
Because they are fabricated.....!
If I'm honest I'm a bit shaky on the math but I know graphs, and the strong correlation between trump and the benford curve only reinforces the validity of the election results... From what I've gathered from your video, the trump votes being less than biden would have more lower value integers naturally, which would skew the graph heavily towards the left. If we were in an alternate universe and this was to go on into infinity, I am sure that we would see a normal distribution with trump's data as well, albeit with the total count less than trump. But I got a C in calc 2 so my opinion probably doesn't amount to much.
90% of statistics are made up.
You should have shown the distribution of Trump's votes and compared it with his Benford's Law histogram rather than just showing Biden's 2 charts.
I probably understood about 5% of what he said.
random vs. (air quotes) "random", always makes my heard hurt...
So because Trump was essentially fighting for 0-200 votes (i.e. Biden got 60% of the average 500), then Trump's followed Benford's and Biden's didn't?
Now do the same analysis on vote totals from Philly, Atlanta, Las Vegas, Pennsylvania, Georgia and Nevada.
So if biden's numbers were completely random. But Trump's numbers follow the bensford curve, but a bensford IS NOT what we should expect. Wouldn't that mean that the Trump numbers are actually being tampered with. Shouldn't they be more random?  Wouldn't that be a sign of stealing an election. Or tampering with numbers? 'They' created a benford curve for Trump's votes in order to make it look like it was natural voting?
This guy is probably trying to get ahead of questions that may rise in biden's irregular numbers.
A good statistical analyst can make the numbers look anyway he wants.
Also, supposing there was some real anomaly on one side, you couldn't tell who was doing the cheating from which side the anomaly is on. If Biden's votes followed Benford's law and Trump's deviated, people would say the Trump vote is being tampered with by Biden supporters.
2020/666=~3.0330.  The number Biden wants you text to give a donation is 30330.
Could the anomaly occur if totals were suppressed, thus with lower number such as <20?  This would also be vote fraud by not counting votes, voter fraud is not just about adding votes.
Would be cooler to see the whole country... Chicago is heavily skewed in favor of Biden as this data died
Why didnt you use Michigan or Pennsylvania. Thats what everybodys focused on not Chicago
What if we look at Benfords law for all the counties in Illinois? Could that be labeled suspicious it doesn’t line up?
14:00 Did he just prove that the red values were abnormally reduced??
Well, that was a whole lot of nothing.
Problem 1 with this... you are convoluting Social Progression and awareness with just statistical If/Or numerical data...
Love the numbers would love to plot Oklahoma City so see how it pairs against the more liberal city of Chicago
WHEN  these spikes occurred  is to be taken into consideration, too
GOOD ONE LIBERAL.
"i'm gonna call that the trump tower" ahahaha
Conspiracy theorists working overtime to legitimize a second term for Donald. 😂😂😂
Spend all ur time doing ur own
Don’t trust any stats
He was sweating.
What does it look like from 2016?
the ONLY  candidate that didnt follow Benford's Law was Biden, every other democrat and republican on the ballot followed the graph
Can I just add that Benfords law is more than basically a statement. As a mathematician you should know better 😂😂 The clue is in the word LAW.
+Stand-up Maths Surprisingly educational video for what I thought was going to be mindless political clickbait. Well done, sir. Well done.
Why isn't the benford  law used for the lottery?
pretty sure a lot of  the votes for Biden didn't even follow election law either
Got em
U.S Elections : AP has called the Presidential race for suck my balls. Thank you AP.
Im not good enough and math and knows to little about the American election system
A sociology professor in the US once said ok an interview that Math is racist. I guess some people are beyond rational thought.
Chicago World never chest.
brilliant, thank you.  Urban centers have to many people on the system.  Supported by other peoples money.  Needless to say they are going to vote to keep the gravy train moving along.
Still. I've never seen candidate results drop by 20000 on live election coverage till this election.
Interesting.  Statistics get me hard.  I'm sure that if you got that result from nationwide votes, it would be suspicious, but getting it from one area that heavily favors one candidate seems like a bad idea if you want to make that argument.  Also, I learned that if I want to lie to the government you need to make sure you set an excel spreadsheet to give you random digits in a range of several orders of magnitude and don't double up.  This is a very educational channel.
The Biden vote non adherence to Binfords law is totally normal and indeed expected because of the precincts in Chicago. Therefore the Trump vote adherence to binfords law is abnormal.
Then the question becomes that if that's rhe case the is it always the same from past elections the number 3?
Good video, but my understanding is it was being used over a time axis. In summary, you need to add a time axis. Thus applying Bedfords law against results reported, using a time interval. It still falls into the issue you raised, but its not as serious as you have indicated here. Without a time axis analysis your conclusion is correct. If you want a more detailed analysis this pdf file is rather good, if very boring. https://core.ac.uk/download/pdf/206427437.pdf
What of Benford's Law on Trump's voter data for just the last single digit?
A better series of statistical questions are  1) what percentage of people voted solely in the Presidential Race and no other races? Is this comparable between both parties and versus historical data? 2) How many precincts came in with greater than 95% participation as that, though not improbable is statistically significantly above the participation rate?
Look up the Mark Twain quote about liars.
Yeah I'm a trumper  And i do agree the beford law is ify, bidens is just 2 points off whitch would follow mailin for the "key" states but it fallows it to well, if ya know what i mean. That aside i think that biden could have genuinely won (unkilely) and that tipping things would have requred very little and of what has been found it many small acts here and there ,that are ligitmate anyhow . I think that the race should not be called but projected, they said it first evey legal vote needs to be counted.
Good analysis man, thanks for the video.
Excellent analysis sir. Still doesn't stop the conspiracy brigade though, no amount or reasoning will.
thats the fastest i have ever subbed and unsubbed ever
I agree a quick impartial recount should happen LOL
Biden GOT BENFORDED!
A forensic accountant analyzed covid-19 and there were anomalies...
CAN YOU LOOK AT MILWAUKEE
All I did was use a flux capacitor to go back and check on the election activity.
MATH IS A LIBERAL HOAX TRUMP202OMAGA
The whole election stinks to high heavens and paper trails should be obligatory everywhere. That said, nice math lesson!
So you're simply comparing a location that's not applicable to Benford's law that makes you a liar and/or a fake to even imply you can use Benford's law for this scenario.  Why would you do that?  Because you're a Republican.......? I don't think so!  So using Laws against data that the laws were not written for seems to support ones motive...... and I don't smell a Republican!!!!    Plus you're teeth are yellow and $30 bucks will make you more believable!!  FYI,  Eventually, the US citizens will wise up or just have enough of abuse....... remember we all shall pass and have to answer to ones actions.....  How can you explain no news representation for half of all US voters and an immediate demand to accept the results or else........ what's the law for that? Fascism!!!!!  I think that's the true meaning of Fascism not what 74 million Americans are allowed to ask for without threats.
Pin my comment
although this was a hotly contested 2 party election...it was not in Chicago...
I’ll explain this really fast and easy and you can go ahead and do your own research. The company that controlled remote voting is called SMARTMATIC, many years ago it started manipulating elections in my country (Venezuela) always giving the victory to Chavez and all the other communists who completely destroyed my country. Then, this same company went to Bolivia and guess who won? Evo Morales, Chavez’s “favorite man”..... Then it went to Spain and what happened? The socialists won there also! Coincidence? NOT!!! Your stat analysis was applied in all elections in Venezuela and the numbers never behaved the way they were supposed to. No go and find out who’s behind SMARTMATIC (if you can) and it will all make sense. I really hope Americans don’t stay with their arms crossed as those “democrats” that really are wolves in sheep’s skin destroy everything your country stands for.
AIPAC & Soros beats Benford's law ???? Does it explain 3 towers falling at freefall ???
I just waisted ten minutes of my life that I will NEVER get back.
Very interesting and amusing.  Thanks for putting this up.
Really Chicago?This is the first time I’ve watched your videos and while I am impressed with your apparently thorough research, the fact that you use Chicago one of the most corrupt political machines in the United States undercuts the entire presentation. Obviously you did not do your research when you considered using Chicago
the IRS takes people and businesses to court everyday based only on this principle.
Chicago?
Hmm by my calculations, how many views would i get by putting Biden’s name as clickbait?
So why do Trump's numbers fit to Benford's law? I guess because they span into 2 digit numbers, but would have been nice to see that made explicit.
I'd like to see Benford's applied to counties overall. That'd be cool.
U R a phukcing hack.  lofl
sampling bias in a predominantly blue area🤣 seems you have a bias as well
hahaha... picking Chicago for an example? REALLY... try Michigan, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Nevada
you explained it best when you said “seemingly random”
Goddamn redcoat
its not random.     there are going to be skewed to lower digits as they are "counts"  not something like sale amount
Wanna see something really weird? Go down the comment section and count the "1s" in the replies. Mind blown! 💥
LOL....Trump voters voting on election day give a HUGE spike and that's anomalous while Biden votes come in a DAY AFTER to match Trump's numbers is just normal, nothing to see here folks, its not like there are a millions of Biden voters that just came out of the woodwork all of a sudden or rise from the grave, nope, just ordinary voting.
Why Illinois? Why not do the data for Georgia or Pennsylvania instead?
Couldn't we adapt Benford's law to base  3 or 4 to then have a greater order of magnitude out of small numbers ?
Love that the grafts is exactly what you would think!? ALL except Biden's graft!?!?
Your awesome bro . thanks for helping me to be impartial.
crazy... election counts are accounting and you say it works in accounting... are we smelling out a liberal????
I did review the abstract you referenced and three other papers reaching back 15 or so years. So I concur...but didn’t automatically trust you!
Trump already knew this thats why he won't concede
This was interesting  Doesn't impact me but was interesting
I love the music you use during your transitions! <3
Not sure I've ever seen someone with a single brick on their bookshelf.  Is there sentiment to that brick?
this is almost more bs then the rona virus
I believe what I see with my own two eyes. I saw Rock Star Trump Rallies and Failed Bake Sale Biden Rallies. Could you explain how the votes Biden got just aren’t believable?
This was fascinating. If Trumpists try to use Benford's Law showing first digit discrepancies or Democrats counter with last 2 digits discrepancies, I hope they will all find this video.
so basically...i don't get it ( ´∀｀)
Thanks for counting my vote 😂
The moral of the story for me is that I need to roll dice when I cook my books for money laundering....
https://theamericanreport.org/2020/10/31/biden-using-scorecard-and-the-hammer-to-steal-another-u-s-presidential-election-just-like-obama-and-biden-did-in-2012/
take Pennsylvania as the example
Wait does he state it doesn't work , but then go on to prove and explain that it does.... All before plugging his book 😅 . Seems legit
Explain Wisconsin and Michigan where “Biden” wasn’t an overwhelming favorite. Also Pennsylvania. The Left tried to steal election from President Trump.
this is a bad example, why did you pick Chicago, there are many swing states to take as example
Percival Lowell built a telescope and observed canals engineered by the people of Mars because he really, really, really wanted to see them.
Do pa Michigan Nevada or Arizona
Good try
Using Benford's Law on President Trump and Biden's numbers. The law indicates manipulation of the votes and there is no way out of it. Obviously, the manipulated President Trump's vote and manipulated them towards biden...Period. Conclusion, the votes were manipulated or slanted to biden. You are misleading everyone with your analysis....
The cursed Left always steal and lie. They’re not participants in normal politics: they’re revolutionaries, messianic fools who think all evils they do justify their glorified (childish) goals!
What you said inthe first minute... The description of Benfords law, was an update on Wikipedia after the election.  If you can't be honest in the first minute, I'm not holding out much hope for the rest of the vid.  Let's see.
A good test is a complete audit of the voting system.
The age of Hunter Biden's sexual partners does abide by Benford's Law.
So just like we already knew, the Dems are lying ,cheating thugs !!!
Stat safe
This is what happens when Excell tools are used by fools.
i like your funny words magic man
I'm as left-leaning as the west direction on a north-true compass, and I love that you got me at the end of this video. Just a quick vibe check on that, and I appreciated a reminder to check my own biases as well. Thank for the good vid, man!
This was great content, as always!
There are lies, big lies and statistics
Bud I thnk with all due respect you need to refamiliarize yourself with the scientific method
but chicago is not one of the places in question so this kinda doesnt have a point
I caved and got the book 🙈
__________________________________ Sorry if this has already been asked.  __________________________________ Your dataset of precincts seems to violate the main rule of Benford's Law, the numbers need to be random. These precincts are not naturally occurring, they are man made like you pointed out. Therefore, the results will most certainly not match Benford's Law. A more random dataset would be that of taking vote totals from every county in the United States, as counties provide a larger, more randomized dataset.  Thoughts?
Yeah great but why don't you check pennsylvania?
I didn't know what to expect when I clicked on this. I was pleasantly surprised, you're very well spoken on the subject and it looks like you just want clear information to be put out.  Well done, sir.
It actually does follow...go back change Benford to Biden ..bingo
Ehhh you picked a very liberal city as your example. Chicago has been democrat dominated for 85 years.     Why didn’t you use any of the swing states as your example? These areas have the majority of the anomalies.
"Benford's Law only works when it expands several orders of magnitude" Also: "Benford's Law works with days in a month".
open your eyes wider we might believe you.
This video was too complicated for a Trump supporter to understand.
I'm not a mathematician but I did sleep at a Holiday inn,  I just simply looked at past elections and this election, and the amount of votes percentage doesn't add up.
"Given the populations of each district, of course you'd expect to see the data curve look like Bidens" *Quietly ignores Trump data...
"everyone has an agenda, and I'm okay with that"... Yours is apparently trying to sell your book.
Very clever way to use something interesting to say next to nothing important. Bathos.
Great video! But did you really just assume pi was normal? You did a video on numberphile when you explained we don't know if pi is normal lmao
So you're saying it's not a law, because it's not consistent.
48 seconds in, this video is already shill. Credibility lost.
Chicago results are pretty normal looking. But if counties downstate voted Biden, that would be unusual. But then, you don't win a Presidential election if you don't have the charisma needed to get maximum voter turnout, and we can usually see this when the Democrats have a truly inspiring candidate. Biden is what you get when you mix Walter Mondale and Al Gore, and we know what happened to them.
FAKE MATHS! You can tell I am not American, I said maths😁
All that matters is that The orange sicko LOST.
It’s called mail-in voting. Why the show?
HUNTER
Terrible explanation of BL.  “Most data starts with a lead digit of one.” Duh? Example of what you mean please, before election data specifics. If I took that literally, and using the old imperial system, the height of most humans is one foot something.  Makes no sense! Like most mathematicians you loose me in the first couple of sentences.
Sooo the most common cricket batsman's score is 0, followed by 1....etc   and that is an example of Bedford's Law in practice?
Fantastic video mate
How about you run it on all election data...
Yay math!
100% of finite integers begin with 0
Interesting...seems like very definitive summary of extreme Trump voter suppression in Chicago?  Would be very interesting to compare to other metropolitan areas, some know for extreme corruption (like "voter early / vote often" Chicago) and perhaps something more fair like Dallas / FW.
Because Donald Trump really screwed up between 2018 and 2020 Deal with the reality or else you will surrender the presidency to the Democrats until you do
how about the likelihood that several states would have 95% of the votes counted with 1 candidate leading by a small margin and then upon counting the last 5% the other candidate takes the lead in all of them?
Could you lower the base of the number counting system to increase the number of orders of magnitude in a given set? Could you analyze the vote data by say base 5? If I’m thinking about this correctly, it would make the effect more granular (less digits), but it should allow a smaller range of values.
ok you looked at chicago... now check it on where they think cheating actually took place...
It's strange that all of these anomalies across the board which are different from all other natural behavior from previous years all favor Biden.
oh man I was wondering what would happen if you did this! I made a comment a few days ago about this vary thing! Not specifically Biden, but all the results.
Great video! Greetings from Argentina!
Hey, I'm bad at math. All your math makes me super confused! How about if we just count the votes and see who gets more? Oh wait, we did that? Cool!
WONDERFUL, thank you!
Guys, just accept that the guy that couldn't fill a high school gym won against the guy that filled stadiums in a popularity contest. The TV wouldn't lie to you. Just go back to sleep, I mean to "normalcy".
You forgot one check.. the 100% mail in votes all coming in for Biden.. I find that suspicious.. because in a true election one person would vote in error for Trump.. I would love to see you explain that away too..
Interesting. Never heard of this before last week. It's also amusing to the the umbrage that a lot of commenters are taking at admitting this is one of the shadiest elections in US history.
How does this look in traditional red and blue states. Just curious to have a reference.
I used to hate math. I think I’ll give it another try. It’s finally interesting.
Oi m8, good content, I like the deep dive. Constructive criticism: transitions were a bit excessive & loud. Otherwise fantastic.
Just reduce the base from ten and you've got several orders of magnitues. I highly recommend checking out a paper on mathematical analysis of election things: arxiv org abs 1205.0741
'...a quick impartial double check.' You haven't actually been paying that much attention to America lately, have you?
Benford's Law is a waste of time. It just plots statistical data. Same as the Biden 'Bell Curve'.
Bottom line is that when someone gets mad that you want to double check their math, they’re afraid it’s wrong.
If the story doesn't link to the original study or data set, in full, that's my red flag to ignore whatever the story says and move on. Sadly that's almost everything I see in MSM news stories any more. It's honestly kind of scary to read a story and the "proof" is a link to another story that just says the same thing without any link to proof.
My rule of thumb is to consider Benford's law with numbers that are affected by exponential processes. The numbers from financial and population cases tend to grow exponentially
9:19 does not look like a normal distribution. It is more a blackbody spectrum. Solar emission even showing atmospheric absorption. Try plugging E=hv.
So Chicago messed with the starting digits of bidens number, while changing the last numbers on trumps.
Great vid!  I'm curious to see what your thoughts are about this video: https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
So, that means some of Trump's votes were taken away.
Thank you for summarising at the start.
since when did this biden fellow follow any law?
To spike in the middle doesnt follow the benford law... damn i was going say like tossing a coin.. lol..  but if we take the total and compare ot entry time.. meaning example: you cant see 95% of all votes going to 1 side in a certain timee frame
A violation Benford's law is never enough evidence to prove a crime. Its a fast way to go about a whole bunch of data and find irregularities. Then you can focus more efforts on the flagged areas and less on others. It's a way to more efficiently spend energy.
Well when comparing trump and Biden’s vote totals, could the trump spikes be due to the fact that, like you say, Chicago is a democrat city. Less votes for trump and less data set, while Biden, who has more votes, came out random. I don’t know exactly, but that is what I would assume.
So basically lets look at charts unrelated to elections for the next 17 minutes
If a heavily liberal state gives the data a bell curve...   what does the graphed data look like from a swing state?
Not sure I understand why Trump's data seems to follow the expected curve though. Werent they taken from the same locations as Biden's? Wouldn't the sample be just as bad?
Nice vidéo but it would still be better for america if Trump stays president.
So.  My math is terrible.  Can any one check this for me.   78 for B  73 for T  5 million difference.  5.1 million ish voted for T in cali.  10 Million for B 4.9 million differ.   4.9 from 5. is 100k vote budget for the remaining states.   Let say im off and add 500K to the total difference to make up for inexact numbers.  In favor of B.  So 600k vote budget for fifty state to divide.   Stay with me here.  This is where i get really confused.    How the hell did he win NYC by 900k?   And that is just one state.
Trump has a tower in Chicago, a tower of >100 votes in most precinct.
Counts at the county level (much larger numbers) in a swing state would be most valuable.  Small counts by precinct in one of the cities with the most uneducated and uniformed electorates in the country isn't very helpful.
Shouldn't Trump's numbers also not follow Benford's law?
Okay your data set doesn’t meet the minimums for orders of magnitude. What does Biden’s vote data set look like statewide or nationwide? Wouldn’t that data set be more in accordance with benfords law?
Okay your data set doesn’t meet the minimums for orders of magnitude. What does Biden’s vote data set look like statewide or nationwide? Wouldn’t that data set be more in accordance with benfords law?
Okay your data set doesn’t meet the minimums for orders of magnitude. What does Biden’s vote data set look like statewide or nationwide? Wouldn’t that data set be more in accordance with benfords law?
I love it when presenters have their bookshelves in the background.  I think it tells you a lot about the person.  Naturally, I'd expect to see lots of books on mathematical topics on this channel, but I was surprised to see two copies of Lancelot Hogben's Mathematics for the Million.  I mean, it's a great book and every mathematician should have (and read) it, but two copies!  Seriously?
One is the loneliest number that you'll ever do Two can be as bad as one It's the loneliest number since the number one .....
What happens when we apply precinct (or ward) level data to counties and Congressional districts, nationwide? The whole kit and caboodle?  Once the full counting is complete, why not plug in all the data for 2020, then compare with all the years we have available from the past, and see if something emerges? The more data you have, from the broadest possible inputs, the less problematic Benford's law becomes. If there's nothing but noise, seems that would be a good thing. If there are patterns, it seems it would be good know what those are so we can start finding out why.
Best stats book I ever read, “How to lie with Statistics “. By Darrell Huff.
Great explanation, thanks for this!
Breaking new from CNN: Benford recants his statement about voter statistics!!!
I saw analysis by a CPA about the PA vote and ask about this "A lot of people are saying 67 counties isn't a large enough data set. Perhaps this can be overcome if you were to combine 10 to 1000 random precincts throughout PA. This assumes that there are about 1000 voters per precinct. Also, mix up the deck and do it over."
I was thinking about this law on the election day but I was lazy so I did not do any research on it. Great job describing it. :)
Instead of applying benfords law to precincts of similar size, it would be interesting to see this applied to the fifty individual states which some of which have quite large populations and others with very little. Seems like benfords law would apply better in that case, since there is more variation in the magnitudes or size of the data from different states.
There are lies, damn lies, and statistics
So because you told me to, I'm reading humble pi. I have found one of your "mistakes" you put in, but I really hope people don't take it as a challenge to scroll all the way to the end of an excel sheet, instead of just ctrl-down, ctrl-right!
Is this a deductive proof or inductive? It feel like it's being proved inductively here but presumably there is some kind of deductive equation/proof?
I was with you until you started with the political commentary. Now as someone who is not well versed in this subject, I am left to wonder how much political bias has been interjected into this explanation, forcing me to disregard it until I learn more on my own. I would like to know why you didn't analyse the trump data the same way to explain why benfords law applies to his votes.
10:12 'describes this situation and says how normal it is'  I see what you did there
Youtube isn't letting me dislike this video. Try it yourself
Think about a baseball lineup; the first batter will see more "At Bats" than the other 8; the 2nd batter sees more than next 7 and so forth.
Funny, I watch this video on Benford’s Law and later while doing research for my doctoral program I found a paper titled “Benford’s Law and COVID-19 reporting” DOI: 10.1016/j.econlet.2020.109573 Never heard of Benford’s Law before and within hours I come across it twice.
Hey Matt, is there a source where all this data is available? Would be nice to have all of it (across the country), even if that's a little improbable. I have some ideas on doing my own analysis. Maybe even advance a statistical method. Would appreciate a few sources other than the one in the description. Thanks.
Omg thank you!
So basically it could just be used as a flag for further enquiry rather than hard evidence in and of itself.  Or used to identify possible errors.
This wasn't any issue when they were using it on the Iranian election in 2009: https://physicsworld.com/a/benfords-law-and-the-iranian-e/
Useless info
If you haven’t done it yet it would be interesting to see a video based on what we called in the 80’s the pseudonym random number generators used in PC’s and Mac’s over time. How truly random are they and where do they get their seed!
Congratulations! I enjoyed this.
Michael Palin’s son gives a detailed description of Benford’s Law
Haven't even seen the video yet and I'm assuming weird data is often due to the unprecedented nature of this election regarding COVID. Trump tells his followers not to vote by mail, and the democratic voters then vote-by-mail far more often than Trump voters. Due to obvious reasons, mail-in voting processes take a little longer. This is probably the greatest factor in any "odd" data findings. There could be others though.  This is not regarding benford's law...
Just learned about Benford’s Law in my audit class. Basically it kinda shows  want to focus more of your time on specific accounts. You can’t just base opinions on this law, it’s more of a guide hope this helps :)
Surveillance capitalism is an economic system centered around the commodification of personal data with the core purpose of profit-making. Since personal data can be commodified it has become one of the most valuable resources on earth. Biden and Harris new  job is pushing this agenda
You can tell how bad extremism in America is by looking at the comment section of this video and seeing the people accusing of favoritism or pandering this very unbiased and non preferential explanation of statistics.
This guy is not good at hiding his political opinions
This video is actually great! This is math.
What I find interesting is that when applied to elections in those OTHER places, like India or Iran, Benford’s Law is seen not as proof of corruption, but as a strong indicator. Everyone nods their head wisely. Apply it to Biden’s results, suddenly every talking head wants to prove how useless the Law is with regard to election results...
If you mark each vote on the timeline for when each oval was filled in, then it's spread over a much longer time frame, the mailed in ones should be marked as first on the timeline, also hand counting vs machine counting changes the speed at which they were placed on the line.  Just need more maths than was used.
When you said you were located in the UK it seriously fucked with my head because I was like "WTF how is this guy not Australian???" but I double checked and see now that you are Australian.
Great analysis - you've confirmed by suspicions regarding the weaknesses of Benfords' law in multiple small precincts.
This video is both 1. A very impartial explanation of the data, showing how there is no abnormality for both Trump and Biden(when using these two particular methods) and 2. A great example of how data is only as good as the interpretation of that dat.
Trump Lost. Loser.  The End.
I love your use of the singular ‘they’ pronoun when you talk about people.
Before the election, Joe Biden had 8 million social media followers, and Donald Trump had almost 60 million. If social media is 99% favored towards Joe Biden, how could he have more votes? Doesn’t add up. Also, Donald Trump didn’t gain any electoral votes since Election Day.
was a good test for elections , until  bidens figures looked dodgy
Everybody’s like I can’t believe the thumbs down arn’t higher. And that’s probably cuz Trump supporters are logical. They want the truth and appreciate the video for exposing misleading info. That me at least.
congrats on your book!
sounds like at about 10 min he disproves his own argument. with a quote about benford's law being as reliable as a coin flip
There are lies, damn lies, and statics.
I think I might actually have found someone that I think likes maths too much!
lefty logic: if a desired outcome can be validated by a law - then that law is correct If the desired outcome is negated by that law - then that law should be ignored
Pi's not random. Every time I press the pi button on the calculator it's the same number.
Why didnt you run the numbers for the actual counties in question? No one is questioning anything about Chicago.
Great job on taking down right-wing demagogues!
17 minutes to show Trump is unpopular 😂 loved the math behind! 😂
What about weighted votes with the optical scanners and then the precincts deleting the optical scans?  https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
I cursed my dad out really good for voting for Joe Biden. Then I placed his ashes back on the mantel and went to bed.
This is cool, would you do a follow up video with other elections?
Philly not Chicago. That is the data I saw, and where a large chunk of the fruad is happening
I loved the section about dividing by zero,  in fact there is a recent example of this. Nate Silver's election model briefly broke on election day because somewhere in the coding it tried to divide by zero.
You should consider adding "in Chicago" to the title, simply because Biden's votes probably do follow Benford's law in a lot of contexts (eg. by state countrywide), and if the video title sounds like it's saying otherwise, it might make people preemptively skeptical.  Brilliant video! Thanks!
Yo I just learned about this on Timcast IRL
Benford's law is not a law. It is a rule working under certain assumptions.
there is something wrong with Trumps data the numbers are flat from 3 thru 9 but he has a dia away curve drawn above that doesn't fit  didn't anyone notice thats not lodgical why flat from 3 thru 6 and a the curve statistically not lodgical by any math peoson observing it.   we are being fed something rotten in DEnmark  hasnt any of you math majors noticed this, im not political this is a deliberate distorrtion Bidenns looks like a poisson didtribution by comparison which would be normal i am sceptical  what do other math students think.
Because 12 million people that wanted to change their votes after the second debate, were not able to in their respective states.
I think this guy is a nut case and nut
Now do Philadelphia!
I am afraid to say that because you are saying that Joe Biden is not the devil incarnate that this video is fake news.
Brilliant presentation - thanks.
Ach, so f*cken good
Is it bad if my favorite parts of the video were the little music transitions?
I know why YouTube recommend it to me. YouTube is ugly.
This is a great video but I would appreciate a more in depth analysis of swing states
Good'ol Bedford's (number base dependent) law :D  I always wondered if you multiplied each number of a small sample size (eg one that does not have those orders of magnitude difference) by a really small number to give a representation of each in a way that forces it would that hold up in a similar way.  But I'm always to lazy to check lol
watch out, now you are on trumps naughty list
because that law is probably not a certainty
I assume that in those same Chicago precincts that Hillary Clinton's distribution in 2016, followed Biden's.  I also assume that the precincts that Trump won, the rural counties, that his distribution would also not follow Benford's Law.  Is that correct?
do you think the law would apply better too a national vote total ?
12:30 Trump tower!? More like Sauron’s Tower lmao
You've neglected to consider the actual politics sides of things. Biden outperformed Hillary in all, I repeat *all* of the Swing states that decided the election. Outside of the swing states though, he actually underperformed Hillary. Which is really weird. While your maths is on point, you've completely ignored the context by just looking at the average instead of considering stuff like swing states that have an amplified effect on the result. Still a good video though.
Correct horse battery staple, computer animal having 🦝🥔🌋 fifty throughout ♨️ your 🏧 dumbell lager 🧨.
I love to elect ion data.
The data is manipulated. Democrats claim to be the party of science. Here it is.
FWIW, in the US the elections are conducted by a county level organization, supervised by a state level organization under state law.   There are a few oddities, like the City of Chicago which is in Cook County but it conducts its own elections. (Then Cook County conducts elections for the rest of the county.) There is also New York City Elections, which conducts elections for the city, even though the city covers five counties.
Is the 2 digit Pi distribution truly random?
Neither of them follow the curve.
why having 3 digits affects the occurrence of number 3?
Wait. Was Chicago ever In question? Someone do the other states!
Ninety-five percent of all statistics are just made up BS.
What can you tell us about Dominion's law to switch votes fromTrump to Biden?
I know this one, Biden is a cheating chicom intelligence asset, amongst others.
Chicago is not the same as MI or PA. Maybe you should look into multiple counties not just Chi where ultimately the numbers wouldn't matter.
The Benford Law is talking about the first digit observation/statistical analysis.  If you took the last two digits for analysis, it is totally different things or different "Law".  Is it "Drofneb Law"?  That is Benford Law in reverse?
Thank you for making this video.  I came here after watching another video about applying Benford's Law to Chicago and saying the results were suspect. After that I re-watched the same Numberphile video you mentioned and double-checked the formulas he used in the spreadsheet. They checked out.  After that I suspected the data might not be "orders of magnitude" big enough, but the person didn't provide the spreadsheet with his data or source of his information so I couldn't check it myself.  Also, thank you for linking to Chicago's Board of Election Commissioner's website leading to the actual Election Results. This allowed me to quickly scroll down and see for myself how many of Biden's results were NOT 3-digit numbers (not many) and see for myself the Precincts in each Ward don't have nearly enough Mileage on the Voting Odometer for Benford's Law to apply.  BTW, what is the British/Metric term for Mileage? :)
I think the law doesn't apply here. If you want to apply Benford's law then i think you would need a different scale as you mentioned in paper.
Trump2020
Great video!
now why would you not do a state thats being contested??
Now do one for valid votes, or as Trump refers to them: votes for Trump 😆
Really? Using Chicago? Why not the state of Pennsylvania
In college, one of my hardest classes was Probability and Statistics. In the class we had to derive the formulas we used, which mostly required knowledge of Calculus II. I was in Calculus I at the time. So not only did I not have the background of Cal II, I gradually increased my background of Cal I over the course of the course starting from a little knowledge from high school Calculus which I took 2 years prior to Prob and Stats.   Now that I'm much older I love probability. Still hate statistics. I know it's a very fine line between them. But I basically divide it by whether the data returns 1 answer or a range of answers.
So if we take down Trump tower, that will solve all of our issues!
Why do the Replucian not see the writing on the wall your boss was kicked to the F   curb
Always enjoy your videos. I just ordered your book.
I'd be more interested if this was about Michigan or Pennsylvania. Guarantee you'd still have this discrepency
All this is good and all, but these are Chicago data. Chicago votes are not under question.  I'd like to see the results of the places in question.
This guy is an IDIOT 😂 who can't AFFORD a decent haircut! Lol He doesn't take into account THAT votes for trump were given to Biden which would skew trumps number because of THE WAY they were removed and EVENLY distributed to Biden SO when someone like this IDIOT 😂 analyzed the numbers it would APPEAR that Trump's numbers were OFF and bidens numbers APPEARED to be Normal. The IDIOT in this video is one of those guys that ALWAYS thinks he's the smartest guy in the room! LOL Go Trump 💪 😎 God bless AMERICA!!!
“REPORT: DOMINION DELETED 2.7 MILLION TRUMP VOTES NATIONWIDE. DATA ANALYSIS FINDS 221,000 PENNSYLVANIA VOTES SWITCHED FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP TO BIDEN. 941,000 TRUMP VOTES DELETED. STATES USING DOMINION VOTING SYSTEMS SWITCHED 435,000 VOTES FROM TRUMP TO BIDEN.” Chanel Rion, OANN
You did a great service clearing this up
OH, OH I know. Because it is not a law. Many number sequences don't follow it. All it is is an observation that number sets often follow these guidelines , at a rate higher than you would expect in complete randomness. The fact that some don't is proof of nothing. And this guy wrote a book about this?
Never knew maths was so interesting
So why do this using the city of Chicago, instead of using a state that's actually being contested?
"Random" and "normally distributed" are not interchangable terms. The digits of pi are not yet known to be normally distributed, but they are decidedly not random. Quite the contrary, there exist many algorithms for determing the digits of pi. See "normal numbers" and "computable numbers."
Could you run it once more but split between votes counted before counting was stopped and votes counted after counting began once again?
How do we disprove Benford's Law for elections?!  I know!  Let's use data at the precinct level so that the order of magnitudes aren't that large!   Why don't you try it at the county level across the US?  I bet you see the same results but this time you can't dismiss Biden's deviance from the law (pun intended).
the problem is the statistics in key states are too different fro those in noon-key states ... it begs the question what is the reason why
why do other elections follow bedfords law?
As a normal person, I was thinking about this exact question.
People don’t have to have an agenda to investigate something important. And, sometimes hypotheses are simply wrong.
Why do ALL of the other candidates follow the normal Benford Distribution???   Only Biden does not.  Not an adequate explanation of the anomaly for one candidate.
Is this a joke ? 36% of the days in any given month start with 1 if You pick a day randomly ? In a 30 day month , 1 and 10 thru 19 start with 1 , which is 11 numbers ..... 11 is exactly 36% of 30 .....  So , DUH , yeah I guess so ......
This is a bait and switch.   Try this.   https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
I think your analysis is pretty good and interesting. Alternately, I’d feel more confident if you developed similar analysis in. Heavy Trump area (similar to Chicago for Biden). In theory, Trump should have similar charting. That would prove the formula is not effective with biased data much like using the law for human height.   If you could examine more randomized election data (where there is not a strong bias) and have this discussion successfully, you would prove your point.   I did “like” - however, I question authority.
8:20 - Isn’t that just the explanation of why it doesn’t fit the Benford’s law? The question would be whether the precincts having such similar numbers of votes is reasonable. I get the rest of what you said. This part just felt like circular reasoning.
A former math professor from the Left coast of Australia who is now a comic, it all adds up mate.
with your knowledge of this law, how difficult would it be to manipulate data in any direction?
What do we do if we want the "most of the rest of the world" cover but live in the U.S.?
His book is FANTASTIC!!! Everybody should read it !!!
Phenomenal video.   Thank you for putting this out.
Can you explain why benfords law curve is out of place in multiple states for Biden? I can accept your explanation for city precincts but I can not accept you explanation at the scale of state levels.
Why did you shadowban the word fr4ud(with an "a" instead of 4) Matt?  It's almost like you have an agenda...
Can anybody give me inspiration for a good, naturally occurring example for a distribution not following Benford's law which everyone you talk to will be familiar with? I'm right now using male human genitalia sizes in inches, which is of course convincing, but some don't like to hear about the 1.x being less common than they think... :)
Okay but what if we look at a state (eg MI or WI)? Many counties spanning several OOM. I think the problem is that Benfords is violated at different scales of analysis...
Years ago, I had my mother give me county populations from the World Almanac, reading to me the first digit, and indeed, this law does apply here.  Numbers are spaced out by ratio rather than difference is how I understand Benford's Law.
Fake trump won
Benfords law is able to pick up on irregularities so much so that it picks up on people voting for the candidate they actually think will win. I for one didn’t vote for Biden because I love him, I voted for him because he acts like an adult.
A state's population has orders of magnitude does it not? so a percentage of the population and sets of votes in the millions. Hows is this not a situation where Benford's law doesn't work?
Guys stop being paranoid! Its just that thousands of Democratic Voters realized simultaneously in the middle of the night that they did not put their ballet in. DUH.
I think Nassim Taleb would make some great comments on all of this. Man I'd really love to hear and see how he calculates this stuff.
Welp. I guess what book is going on my Christmas list. This is an amazingly informative video that doesn't just stop on one side but explains why the irregularities were there for the Trump Tower of votes, especially fitting since Chicago does have a Trump Tower.
Gerrymandering: I've often wondered what the limits of gerrymandering are. In other words at what point is the popular vote so great in one direction that gerrymandering can not change the out come of the precinct votes?
So...why does it only work with trump? You explain why it doesn't work for biden, why is it different for trump?
Almost sounds like Trump's numbers don't match Benford's law
Thank you for the great analysis and tips
oh gosh..so unnecessary. american citizens votings mean nothing. its been exposed , confirmed and told multiple times before. politicians choose the upcoming president. the election of trump was known when obama was still in the office. its all out there..just do a little research and watch other things than reality tv....and no, this has nothing to do with weird conspiracy theories..it just is how it is
Algorithm that flips Trump's votes in proportion to number of republicans in given district
I don't think anyone disputes that Chicago would vote heavily for Biden, I think people are more concerned about the number of illegal votes that may have been cast.
Brilliant job, excellent explanation. Thank you
Math is awesome!
I just watched Robert A Bonavito, CPA https://youtu.be/7uhAn19V1EY video and you are coming across misleading.  Disappointed thumbs down
Is this the benfords law definition?  P(d)=log10(d+1) - log10(d) Which simplifies to  P(d)=log10(1+(1/d)) d=first digit
I got both your books last September and I love them!
@5:00 I'm looking at this and thinking "that looks very similar to a Brachistochrone curve. CONSPIRACY!!" lol
What if we count votes by county, as that would probably follow benfords law???
My theory all numbers lead with 0
Hey quick question at 11:20 Is that part of why the prize at alwas 99¢ at the end insteed of 00¢? (so it harder for ppl to exploit it?) since if you got like 3 ppl who buy a 99¢ you get 97¢ onlike a let say 5 $ than you get 15 00 (so you can't use the cent there) and I would gess the other number are easyer to fake and less effective since there it would be 10 | 15 | 20 ETC. (I guess if you see a 9 somewhere it would be weird but that about it...)  Any way just a tought (I alwas tought it was to make it look smaller look it 14 $ Kof kof 99¢ (so it 15$ but don'T look at it))  SORRY FOR THE BAD ENGLISH
We all know conservatives can't read or do math, so no one should be surprised they are making this error.
Do a video explaining the counties that had over 100% voter turnout. Even Australia, which has compulsory voting, never comes close to 100% turnout.
Informative and entertaining at the same time! Awesome presentation!
it is not a coup if only legal votes are counted.....it is a coup if illegal votes are allowed to be counted?  seems simple.
it's more of a guideline
Now try explaining Dr. Shivas Analysis of Michigan Votes!!
Benford is rolling in his grave.
So why does Trumps distribution follow Benford's law?  Shouldn't it be the same for both candidates?
Where are the official results so far I can only see media results
12:00 or maybe they just wanted to give the government the finger
Great job! This is a great video.
Remember, this is only Chicago!
can you compare the the votes this year in chicago with previous elections? see if they match up roughly. if you are trying to identify anomalous data, you could spot it easier if you have more reference data?
I dont believe this because it doesnt confirm my world view
I've been reading several of the comments and this is my overall comment on thier comments.  People really are dicks! Also, I think its a perfect video choice to sell more books. Nothing wrong with using a hot statistical topic to sell more books about statistics.  I'm a Republican, since everything is left versus right these days. You might as well know what side I'm on.
Now try a city in a state that isn't already 100% guaranteed to go for Biden.
why do morons believe conspiracy theory?
This is actually very helpful for someone studying Auditing. We have not yet been introduced to Benfords Law, but Ill definitely remember it when reviewing financial statements in the future.
Because Biden's "votes" are ALL fake!!!
Biden was overwhelmingly preferred by vote COUNTERS in Illinois.
Looking forward to hear about Parker's Law
Awesome video. Do you think Trumps data follows Benfords law because his voters occupy counties that have a wider population range?
Because Biden is a god and his votes can't be expected to follow any mortal pattern.
Seems to me to illustrate the numbers kids learn first. Also math and measurement standards have been designed TO this model. Human brains prefer simple, quick, easy to recall.
Randomly found this video and had a moment of "oh wait!" at 12:02 when you pulled out that book – realised I'd read it and loved it some time ago. Am so glad I found your channel!
Curious what it would look like if you applied this to Detroit or Philly.
We can look forward to trump lovers denial of reality for many years to come.
Encore Trailbreaker  😎
Great video.  Thank you for your thourough explanation!!!
Ur a brave man...u knw it will cause many liberal brains to melt..but u accepted the hate and criticisms for the sake of science... And u remained neutral...gave source for ur sample sets..gave info for the votes details...made logical assumptions..great  one man
Lol at youtube peddling their agenda under every video
Tool me two second to find the paper quoted here ...last week...which clearly shows that none of the trump supporter ever tried to google this are all...
Very interesting
Why is there a different cover in the U.S. for the book?
When I do the hoakie dokie and turn myself around, it's clear!   I just Wonder if the courts are up to doing the "hoakie dokie" for us?   After all, they still haven't decided if Boys and Girls should use separate bathrooms.
trump lost
Sounds like a card carrying leftist.
Just like Mebane's second digit rhetoric this is yet again another ridiculous attempt of gaslighting. We're not talking about an isolated case here, in various analyzed counties it shows that ONLY Biden violates Benford's law. Now Benford's law alone might not be enough to determine if there was election malarkey, but it's definitely a BIG red flag, especially if we pile together all the other red flags we've seen so far...  Where there's smoke there's fire. Funny how a theory that remained valid for more than a century is now dismissed by these so called "experts" because it favors the Orange Man.  I posted this same comment with another account and it immediately got deleted, also you shadowbanned me from posting anything else... That's it your credibility is over.
Common sense might give you better analysis of this election as polling analyst are desperately trying to keep their jobs at certain companies !
?? ... but then why does Trumps' data follow the curve ... did I miss something there ?
here is some math 2020 divided by 666 equals text joe biden and 30330
So if you remove the two digit vote totals for Trump, how does the remaining list of last 2 digits compare?
The first minute told me everything I needed to know for the rest of the video lol
2+2=5
He only used one set of data to show his point.  I don't buy it unless he uses more sets of data.  He could have used sets of data for an entire state broke down by county and he would have had plenty of numbers that were not 3 digits long.  He found and then used the set of data that proved his point and did not work with any others.
Mathematics has a liberal bias.
How about you do this for the complete state of Michigan
This is good. I like the way you relate the Benford findings to the underlying distribution of values. Others on YouTube trying to do this work did not think to do that when they jumped to a conclusion.
Just like watching the BBC investigate itself... the resulting conclusion is... well in conclusive and therefore useless. 🙄
So a question. If they manually fix trumps vote to 10-20 each area. And give the rest to Biden. Will it affect Biden’s data? A random data ( Biden’s real votes) + a random data ( trumps extra votes) = random data? Or not?
https://youtu.be/f0YSB7Kf_0s More hard facts! Spread it, people!
Had no idea I clicked on a math lesson today, but I'm not even mad.
Very cool video. I'll have to verify some of those book claims ;)
Biden is above the law...thats why :D he's a law bender
Stop the Steal!
This was interesting, i didnt even know benfords law existed in the first place. Learn something new everyday.
you did a terrible job validating your argument & gave no explanation for the drastic deviations we see in the Biden tally.
I feel like the point of this video is to always consider the context. Besides being educational and entertaining of course.
This is so interesting!!!
Does this... stand up?... ;) Votes are stored as floating point and not an integer. The voting machines apparently have a lot more features that would be indicated by a non-zero decimal. https://youtu.be/Fob-AGgZn44 Are they misapplying the math?
I’m way to tired to follow this. I’ll have to rewatch this after a good nights sleep.
Your video sucks Scott stapp! Because you don’t count in the thousands of Trump votes that where thrown out by toll workers.
Gee there must only be 1 opinion on Benford's Law in existence since you quoted from it.  There must not be any other opinions on the subject anywhere, right?  Oh wait, what are all these video's contradicting your opinion?
Me, reading the video title: probably either not enough orders of magnitude, not enough data, or both
Thanks for clearing this up. People are looking for answers and math misunderstanding is easy to do. I do have a question: https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA Here's an analysis of another voting phenomenon in 2 Michigan counties between voters with a "straight ticket" +/- "mixed party ticket". What are your thoughts? Does the math hold up? These three are highly math educated (PhD) so I wouldn't expect that they would be making a misapplication error like the Benford's Law example.
Many of the Benford's analysis were done BY county or state. Not just precinct.
Why are you a moron who cannot grasp reality?
Wow that didn’t confuse the situation at all , lol .
This is way too complex for Trump and his supporters " It violates Bradford's law or sumthin"
Dislikes section is full of trump supporters 😂
Because It's NOT a law, duh.
Yeah... the chance of Trump winning Chicago is about the same as my chance of passing a doughnut shop! No one would put any effort into cheating in an area where you don't have a chance to win in the first place (cause that would be very suspicious!) It would be interesting to see this kind of analysis on one of the areas where there are allegations of vote tampering, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Ohio, or Michigan.
Benford's law applies to everything except corrupt politicians.
-Trust random youtuber applying Benford's Law to the election. But don't trust the media!!!
If something does not follow your law, it most probably is not a law. Any statement that is not actual science should not be called a law.
did u do this with Chicago data from 2012 or 2000 ?
Therefore Trump's voting distribution shouldn't follow benford's law either.
Would benfords law work better if you increased the scale to all the swing states in question or does it not matter because when you break down to the lower levels the numbers are just not lasrge enough, and I guess the other question would be does the timing of votes matter? Because of the idea of distribution of mail in vs in person
It funny how social media can make so much kooky surface🙄
Always refreshing when someone who understands actual statistics talks about it.  It's so frustrating how much of America is math illiterate yet attempts to use it to "prove" their pet theory, and this isn't even just about a politics.  Thank you .
Very insightful. Thanks.
The "Trump Tower" looks like Barad-dûr.
A chancers law.
But a guy in the church said Biden was cheating.
Easy because Sleepy Joes “vote” are still coming in now...... a week later
One thing about math. Welcome to reality! Biden and the democrats are the worst of felons, dammed by God! You better say goodbye to them or you are dammed also.
Now, he's held his book into the camera often enough: How did I just now notice that the planes wings are on backwards?
Except for there's also been proof that large events like pandemics and War have thrown the scale off but I guess you're not a fan of facts...
Haha, loved it I was like what am I watching Biden lover, trump lover, no just a practice is researching yourself!  Love it, I'll go buy your book now,
Expert of what? Bullshit?
POTUS:  Pi stole my election.  Piden:  Let me escort you out gracefully. Mr. President, this way, sir.
Interesting that the expenses claims would have an expectation of randomness for the last 2 digits. I would've guessed it would be skewed towards 00, 99, 98, etc, where people mostly buy things that are either priced at X.00 or X.99, and the number of items on the claims would have a distribution that looked somewhat like the Benford curve.
if 4,5,6 should be the most frequent digits, why is 1 the most frequent digit in Biden's data?  also, why did everybody else votes matched the expected distribution expect that of Joe Biden?
With 2069 precincts you can create the needed variation in orders of magnitude by randomly selecting precincts to be addressed individually, precincts to be lumped into groups of ten, (call it a "super precinct") and precincts to be lumped into groups of 100 ( "mega precinct"). Then see how your distribution adheres to the curve.
i still dont fully understand Benfords Law Procedure, is this Saying The USA's Republicans Party Have More Inconsistencies Than USA's Democratic Party Has???
It's a clickbait title and intro, as it suggest a Country wide analysis, but it's an interesting video nonetheless.
Have you looked at Pennsylvania ?
Does it show gerrymandering of voting precincts?
Because most of them were mail in ballets. Because we are in a pandemic. If you don't see this you are not much of a serious thinker. Just saying
"Benford's law is like Benford's love: hard and fast!"
It’s called the Red Wave dummy
well according to lefts math is racist
just wasted 17 minutes of my life
This sounds like garbage.   Sure, 55% of whole digits between 0 and 2 start with 1. But Not 0 and 10.   So, what's the point?
Great video.
The data must be accurate for Benford's Law to be properly applied. With that said, does everyone believe the data released by Michigan Election Officials is trustworthy and accurate?
With covid-19 all known fundamental laws changed.  It's our new normal.
I can't find Benford's law in my common Core math book.   Math & logic makes my brain hurt, that's why I like Biden.  When he speaks my brain feels happy.
A great video with all of the Benford Law videos being made. Thank you! -N
Chicago is very blue district. Would be interesting to see the results contested states
Too bad Trump loyalists don't care about science or maths.
The answer will be crystal clear after 1.5 months from now....
Legend
YouTube pushing propeganda
This video popped up on my recommended, and as I'm following the election I was like you know I don't know if this is a for Trump or a for Biden type video or if it's really just unbiased Maths, but I'll give it a shot and I really appreciate your work, it was a great video and I think I'm going to subscribe
This video was legitimately informative and pretty damn impartial. Congrats, mate
Check the tape of 2016 election and see what republicans thought about Hillary asking for recounts
Do the same thing for Philadelphia
So hypothetically we should be able to pick a place where the voters are overwhelmingly Trump and the graph should be similar to Bidens in Chicago?
2500 people didn’t watch the full video
Thank you for debunking bad maths in a completely unbiased manner
Elect ion? Who is Ion?
Is that a Japanese import G1 Trailbreaker in the background?
Chicago 😂😂😂 it’s a horror show there of corruption and scum politicians
Also, simple math. If precincts are on average 500 people, and Biden gets around 80% (which is pretty standard for city votes across the country), then he will get a lot of 3 4 5. Meanwhile, trump is going to have a lot of 1 and 2. Had the precincts average been 1000 it would have been different, with Trump getting lots of 2 and 3 and Biden around 7 or 8. IMO it's just a "happy coincidence" Trump even follows to law at all.
Is this guy Mike the Cop's brother? Further proof that the earth is flat. LOL
I appreciate your analysis, though wouldnt it make sense to look at a swing state like PA or GA?
This only proves that Trumpists should NOT use these technics at all, because it requires connecting more than 2 dots to make any meaningful deduction out of it.
Finally a man who understands the adversarial system! The idea is that each side advocates for themself so that the other side cannot take advantage of them. You recount close votes, you make sure the other side has not lied, and you don't give up after the first sign of loss. As long as you play the game it works out in both sides favor
With the later point, could the reason that the votes look random is because it is multiple humans entering the data and not one with a bias towards one number?
Shut up, I just remain faithful Trump is great
https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk could you possibly explain this for me? I don’t understand how it could be wrong.
what is elect ion in the title?
This isn’t science this math doesn’t matter 😂
Proper impartial video about the election, cheers for that!
从侧面证明拜登选举作弊
Can you check the information given here. https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk The host is not easy to follow but the trend where Trump votes suddenly shift below the line at a consistent rate is absolutely not random.
Ben Affleck upvoted this video.
spot the liberal...
For some bizarre reason I have just had the urge to add a book called "Humble Pi" to my Christmas wish list...
A STRING OF DISJOINT WORDS AND EMOJIS
Title - Are you saying there is something unlawful in Biden's votes?
I just came here for confirmation bias hhh
Looks to me that you've just proved there are some anomalies that need checking.
or the employee often had the same thing for breakfast
Just a guy pushing his book,  Nothing to see here.
Then explain trump's data...
Really enjoyed your video. looking forward to watching more. SUBSCRIBED
How can *YOU* be saved and have *ETERNAL LIFE?*  1) *YOU* have *SINNED* (Romans 3:23) 2) The wages of *YOUR* sin is separation from God and death, in the *ETERNAL FLAMES OF HELL* (Romans 6:23) 3) To avoid this fate and go to heaven, *YOU* must be *PERFECT* because God is *PERFECT* (Revelation 21:27) 4) *YOU* will never be perfect because *YOU* have sinned, so *YOU* need a *SAVIOUR* since *YOU* cannot earn heaven by *YOUR* works (Ephesians 2:8-9) 5) Jesus Christ *IS* God; who came in the flesh, lived a *PERFECT* life and died as a *SUBSTITUTE* for *YOU,* so *YOU* don't have to pay the penalty for *YOUR* sins (2 Corinthians 5:21). 6) All God demands is that *YOU BELIEVE* in the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ; that *HIS BLOOD* washes away *ALL* of *YOUR* sins and makes *YOU PERFECT* (John 3:16, John 6:47, Romans 10:9-10, 1 Corinthians 15:1-4). 7) Now *YOU* cannot go to hell because *YOU* have *NO* sins to pay for. Jesus *PAID* for *ALL* of *YOUR* sins. *YOU* have received the *FREE GIFT* of *ETERNAL LIFE* (1 John 5:13).
Wow how much r they paying you for this vid? Anything less than 100M you r underpaid
The types that support Trump are not interested in deep thinking about maths or statistics...
I am happy for u but not buying in. Good day!
“Cause they’re fake”
Then why dont you subsample and run analysis on precincts with 3 digits only? Treating those large/small precincts as outlier
Fun but unrelated fact: the distribution of League of Legends players across the different ranks is a normal distribution!
Basically, understand the limits of your data / analysis.
If you have a exponentiating serious, Benford's law (kind of) holds even of the maximum number doesn't span across magnitudes.
great vid, thanks
What first and second digit are we talking about ? The digits of the social security number ?
Why is Matt referring to Biden as "they?"
Next topic: Trump's taxes.
it is a farter..
Please check for Republican voting areas. Up to 20% they were above the line (Trump +ve) then the results takes a straight line shift into Biden territory. Something was moving Trump votes into Biden votes.  Te smoking gun is that the feature does not happen everywhere. It’s done where they can have the biggest effect.  A computer glitch? Or a switch made via a back door login?
I prefer Bumfords Raw 👍🏾
Obvious fake, we all know Ford's first name was Henry and not Ben!  But on a serious note, thanks. I had read about Benford's law a couple of weeks ago and you made it more clear for me.
This whole thing hinges on Chicago, which is not a median city in America at all. Look at the state numbers, you can download all of PA
Hey Matt! loved the video but it wouldn`t it make sense to see a comparison of other election numbers from years before, given that those are avaible?
Thank you; clear and positive as always!
I love the walkway suspension rods with a connector nut halfway forgetting that the nut would bear the weight of the lower half (something like that) Or the lake that drained into the mine
Nice try, Benford's law alone no.... all other things considered, yes. The goal posts will never stop moving.
These guys know why!!!  https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
If anyone believes it applies, get Benford’s Law admitted as competent and valid evidence in a U.S. court of law in judging Biden’s win.
Do Pennsylvania!
There is also one more thing that doesn't follow this law: my grades. Unless you mark the highest ones as  1 and the lowest as 6. In that case, they do.
underlying distribution of the sampling matters
Great video, terrible transitions
Why would you do Chicago and not somewhere in AZ, PA, WI or MI????
no CC for the deaf? moi super sad.. **Clicks dislike button**
He comes across too Monty Python-ish for me to take seriously. But he does have a lot of subscribers, which is kind of scary in its own right.
It looks like a normal distribution,  which is what you’d expect for objects that are the same size.
This was excellent. Thank you
Please don't use the 'I've got a mug in my hand when I talk to you trope', its a very synthetic look
What about this data analysis? Does it not look like Trump had votes taken from him and given to Biden?   https://youtu.be/CcWZHICvoCo
Welcome to the world of statistics, where all data is nuanced and the conclusions derived thereof can be so varied that there's always something for everyone to take hold of and run away with.
DOMINION software.
And just like that ... I'm winning many arguments on Facebook with the conspiracy theorists. Cheers, Matt!
Me, european english major: watched the whole thing and still don't know what any of this is about lol
maybe you clowns can go help Trump pack.
"what's the most offensive thing we could talk about?" "Uhh... Elections?" "How do we make it totally not offensive?" "Uhh... Maths!"
You said that in a set of between 100 to 1000 you should have a more of 4,5,6 instead of 1,2,3 so why do you see a Normal distribution for Biden but not for Trump?
Have you watched all the news stations. From different Countries?   Its a brainwashing machine.   I swear its time to pull their cord to the internet.
2.4k Dislikes, 2,400 people who didn't hear what they wanted to hear.
Which idiot is quoting Benford's Law for the vote count? LEARN THE VOTE COUNTING SYSTEM.
is Benford's law related to Gibrat's law? I mean if there's uniform distribution in a range from a to b and x is the first digit from b then you'd expect numbers 1 to x-1 to occor a roughly equal amount of time, as well as x+1 to 9 with x somewhere inbetween. Benford's law doens't really work with noraml distribution, but it does work with log-normal distribution like in Gibrat's law. That is, distribution that favours smaller numbers, so numbers from 100 to 199 occur more often than 200 to 299, and similarly numbers from 1000 to 1999 occur more often than numbers from 2000 to 2999. Did I get that right?
Was waiting for someone to make this video
Can we get subtitles?
@15:15 hey, you need to learn the difference between MEDIAN, MEAN and MODE. You're a math teacher, get it right! You used the wrong word !!!!!!!!! Your punishment is to create a video explaining these terms correctly.
i would love to have axis labels on those plots you show :)
Could this Donald Trump votes behaviour be explained by GOP best performance in rural areas?
Now do the swing states.
Does this reproduce over all states? It would be good to put this to bed in the swing states
Benford's Law is FAR MORE interesting in Base 2.
Basically the numbers show Biden is more popular than Obama? Something does not at up. Lol.
1:31 lol wrong. 100% of numbers start with 0
Hey man can you please label your axis I'm struggling to understand the graphs! Thanks :))
lemme guess: small sample size? EDIT2: well, waddaya know, I was wrong
Preface, about 5 minutes into this video, I wouldn’t expect for Benford’s law to account for a pandemic.  Let’s see how it pans out.  Math is your friend - Charles Barkley
Ok - I think I followed that.  Isnt the issue however in marginal states? Perhaps I am wrong (I know its a city but it is the example here) but is Chicargo marginal? Seems to me that some (all?) of the result and the conclusion is arrived at by picking a very small fraction of the data.  It would seem to me that if you wanted to discredit the signal from Benfords law thet you would choose a data set which supports that view which is exactly what has happened.  I get that you want others to do the work (which is reasonable) but drawing a conclusion from very partial data is erroneous at best I would ague.  Happy to be shown otherwise.
I wish he had done this for Vegas, Philly, Detroit, Atlanta, or other swing state cities. Would’ve been more helpful.
Statistics can be used to prove anything remotely true - The Simpsons...
At least the polling was acurate and not misleading.  Usa has such a transparent and honest system from big tech and the media to polling companies,  what a wonderful country..
an explanation is that Trump's numbers are artificially depressed, by the voting software? so indeed the election results are not reliable based on your analysis.
So, couldn't you change the numeric modulus of the data you are using to generate higher orders of magnitude and force Benford's Law into it? Let's say, from the usual base 10 to base 5? Binary would give poor diversity, of course.
So cool to interpret these data experiments with logical explanations! Cool vid!
So what I'm getting is Benford's Law was improperly applied and the Reason Trump had more "1"s as a leading digit is because he was down in the teens in most prescincts.  That checks out.
Now do the other swing states that have also produced wonky looking benford graphs.
I mean is anyone surprised that an administration and fan club that has largely pushed an anti expert agenda doesnt actually give a crap beyond surface understanding of topics in order to push an agenda.
OK the idea that there is such an occupation as "Forensic Accountant" deserves much more explanation.
Excellent explanation and appreciate the detail, although I Would suggest looking at Pennsylvania, Wisconsin or even Michigan
Biden will go down in US history as the most illegitimate President ever. As if any country on earth will ever use mail in voting again....but looks like it will pay of for him so good for Biden
This video actually debunks a lot of the myths surrounding the data but YouTube feels the need to flag it? forget you youtube
Don't think you really understand what "law" means in science. Laws are laws. Gravity is a law. It will always happen. All you're talking about is political speculation. Stop pretending to be a scientist.
I don't understand why the last digits don't comply to Benford's law, even if the numbers are taken from 3 digits. If you take the first 2, fine you could run into a lot of higher numbers. But why would this be true for the last 2? I didn't understand the relevance of pi, since Benford's law doesn't work with a single number, only with a sequence of numbers.
Hey Matt, thanks a lot for your analysis! The only thing that I'm wondering about is why you call an std of 173 "super-tight" given the average number of votes per precinct in the ~500 range? The simplest model I would assume would be a Poisson distr with a mean of 500 -- it would result in an std around 22.
The left is always about chaos
Convenient the Benfords law works  for Trump but not Biden.
So... the population of all US counties gives an "almost perfect match" to Benford's law.  Why, then, would Benford's law not work on vote data from all US counties? In other words, how can you generalize from this one example that fails (Chicago precincts) to conclude that all voting data sets will not follow Benford's law?  We seem to have no reason to make such a generalization.  Why can't we pick a voting data set that meets the assumptions of Benford's law -- perhaps all US counties' voting data, or all Pennsylvania counties' voting data?
The original (I believe) twitter account pushing this was very clearly a person only pretending to be a statistician. They made the anonymous account in June to "help a student with a question" and tweeted a lot about not being able to understand the platform. It was a terrible roleplay and to me seemed like they'd never met a professor in their lives. In addition, they made a tweet joking about Benford's law before the election.  For the love of God, don't take a random twitter user's claims as factual without making sure it is verified. Especially if their claims amount to conspiracy.
At the end of this he says “don’t take anyone’s word for it.” Fair enough. I’m not gonna believe anything I heard in this video, and I’m going to use Benford’s law to prove that the moon landing was fake.
So, if there's something to look at with Trump votes we should look into that. IDK maybe the possibility of throwing them out.
A video explaining facts of math that apply to elections.  YouTube puts a fact check underneath it.  Nice to know that even the guys at YouTube react to videos based on the title and thumbnail, not by actually watching it.
I bet Trump fanboys watched until 0:33 and were like “See? We told you the dems stole the election, even mathematicians agree!”
I'm curious about the Pi digits claim. How do you prove they are random?
the argument that is being made is problematic at best. Why does trump voters talley follows benfords law and biden does not? You would expect both to be similiar at the very least.
So what's your agenda? Lolol
Well, like Sam Clemens (aka Mark Twain) said, "There's three kinds of lies, lies, damn lies, and statistics".
A graphic without any imformation on what  x/y represant is F..up . 10 seconds in you loose all credibility . i continu watching Sorry man 6 min in same graphics without legends  benfords seems to be a probabilty law like a distribution law ( poisson/ X² ) but you didnot explain anything about it  I dont understand your datas so anything you build on it doest mean squat  i stop at 6:28  ( 2 pi ssed)
Good video! Kinda unrelated but I am curious as to why Humble Pi has a different cover for the US release
Ok then, I'm going to read the book
Congrats on trending
Great explanation.
Benfords law helped detect Iran, Kenya, and Russia election manipulation. Weird how the media hyped it up for previous elections but now that the leftists have violated it, suddenly its "problematic." I loathe you people.
I personally like the non-US cover of _Humble Pi_ better.
Voting 🗳 Depend’s on do I like you or do I not like you. If I don‘t like you it depends on if I like thee other options more or less. If I don‘t like you and thee other options are more likely to me then I won‘t vote for you. If people realy don‘t like Trump they won‘t vote for him. That is it. Also if people fear about there Life they might vote 🗳 eaven if they normally don‘t vote for time reasons. Regular mechanisms work only untill there is a special situation that makes that they do not work at aal. Trump is such a case since there are so many people who realy don‘t like him in the position of a President. Considering that the top earners are fewer then the bottom-erner‘s People who can Identify with him are ways less common then people who vote for him.
ADMIT IT! The cup is empty!
I wish this video has closed captions.
It seems strange hearing so many Aussies, Brits or even Chinese weighing in on American elections...we don't give a crap about Aussie, Indian, French or Russian elections, etc etc.
I just want to point out something very wrong with the statement made at 09:29 of the video clip, when you compare the distribution of votes and the Benford graph and say that they look the same, sort of justifying the shape of benford diagram, sorry your comparison is mathematically wrong, the first is a distribution and the second is a graph constructed by the frequency of first digit. This is just such a gross error makes me think that maybe is on purpose.
This was super interesting! I’ve never heard of Benford’s Law before, so this was quite fascinating.
@Stand-Up Maths what if you plotted the number of votes counted as a function of time. It should look something similar to an exponential decay.
Romney lost to scorecard software, 2 real time examples of votetally switched https://youtu.be/Qqucrp85O-g https://youtu.be/I9swA-xv6kY   https://youtu.be/mCwU7QiAtXw
This video basically confirmed my suspicions of all the propaganda memes and misinformation messages I see online about Bensford Law and Biden “Fruad”. The details require more analysis than what this propaganda is telling is. That’s the issue with the internet it makes a claim and creates an echo-chamber of Conformation bias. Memes are not the best way to “educate” people. And it’s ridiculous that people call the media fake news when they get their information for memes and echo chambers of misinformation.
Oooooh... i get it .... can you explain it again, but this time use apples
Keep an eye out for Matt's upcoming book "How To Lie With Statistics", likely to be released sometime between 2021 and 3099
You cannot use it for data with restrictions, e.g. restriction of voters' age.
Trump should challenge Chicago..
This is just awesome
I guess what I learned from this video is..   not abiden' benford's law is not forbiden.
heheh what a wild ride
Mathematical Statistics is not my strong point but I believe what is being taught is true. I wish you’d use this same law & apply it with the same bar & line graphs in the States on Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, Georgia, Arizona, or Nevada..i would bet a dollar it could not be explained away but would love to be proved wrong. Please show us your not pushing an agenda & apply this sane equation in states that the math makes absolutely no sense to us mere amateurs. I’d seriously love to see the results...
Wouldn't it be  better to graph a city or state that is contested like PA, AZ than chicago. A larger sample size. Title is also clickbait.
The plain and simple truth is Benford's law just does not apply to the USA voting system mainly because total volume of votes does not equal electoral votes, you can win the popular vote but still lose the election.  Historically 4 candidates have won the popular vote only to lose the presidency when Electoral College votes are tabulated. The Electoral College was devised by the Constitutional Convention in 1787 amid concerns people would vote for regional candidates and the big states with denser populations would dominate elections. Boom end of Benford's model in relation to USA voting system.
Chicago is in Illinois a very democratic state and city. No one will bother to rig Chicago for Democrats. I’d like to see your analysis of the data in Pennsylvania,  Michigan and Wisconsin. These are the states in question.
Trending! Nice job
What does Benford's law look like with a base 8 or base 16 number system?
I would like to see it done with the dates of birth for both sets of electors. Given the allegations that some of them, quite a lot in fact, appear to have last worked with Michael Jackson in the thriller video. Should be relatively easy to do, if they are in the public domain.
Gassligting
1:43 "Link them up with a yellow line".  Since when is a line curved and not infinite length?  He is not even saying the numbers correctly.  It is not five hundred AND sixteen (which is actually 2 numbers).  There is no "and" in 516.
Maybe I'm missing something but who expected cheating for or against Trump in Chicago?  You'd expect cheating in the places that mattered like the swing states,  right?
Rudy Giuliani was really, really hoping you would not make this video.
Have you seen Dr. Shiva's claims of statistical anomalies? Curious what your take is
So both models show different results,  funny
Well done, Matt! Well done.
If they wanted to steal an election, targeting a few key locations would produce the desired effect and not create variations from benford's law, correct?
Do it by county and not precinct to achieve the bigger numbers.
Very interesting!  I am Australian but I have been following the US c******f*** through the primaries until now - and I saw some claims about this Law so I was glad to see this episode to confirm my suspicions!  Thanks!
I wonder how Benford's Law would be used to examine the data used in the "Hockey Stick" curve of Global Warming fame?
Biden only won an award from walt disney (ap) and cnn. Non-citizens were added to the voter rolls with < motor voter > in +++ 178 No-Ice-Detainer Counties 15+ states issue undocumented immigrants with driver's licenses. 20+ states automatically register drivers to vote with < motor voter >
This is Chicago... vote early, vote often, vote Democratic...
Got to admit, I was suspicious this was going to get political because that's typical, but it didnt, not even for a second. I dont know if that was intentional or not but either way it is appreciated, theres alot of things I dislike about politically driven confirmation bias, and I saw absolutely none here. Good job keeping the attention on maths. This was interesting, I don't usually take anyone's word for it on anything and I just go with what I can observe in my own research so that's cool. I dont mind hearing peoples beliefs, ideas, or conspiracy theories, but at the end of the day all I care about is paying attention, I cant stay focused on conceptions of the future or past, I'd rather just attend this moment and flow.
Is Benford's Law similar to Zipf's Law?
well, im glad this guy is on the band wagon for Benford's Law.  Now, comparing monetary statistical data to .. i'm gonna say a simple voter ID number... is comical.
Some  "what " results from trumps side?
Great video!
I heard people referencing this law and I did not know anything about it.  You described this law so well that I think I can legally judge elections now. 👍🏽
If you simple subtract a constant from Trump and add it to Biden (say 100 votes in each precinct -- 206900 from Trump and added to Biden),  you get these curves.
So benfords law only worked before biden? Hmmm
13:55 To fully complete the comparison, can you overlay a Chicago city skyline on the graphs?
I've read the book. Just great.  Just great.
I liked Matt Parker until I saw this.
YT won't let me "like" your video (--___--)
Good analysis. Would be interesting to see it applied to all of US, once the election is finally over
Presumably, you would see the opposite (Biden's graph looking like Trump's and vice versa) if you analyzed data from an area where Trump was the favored candidate.
I don't know what it is. I think the second someone declares for the Republican party the IQ drops by half ........ in some case more! 😁👍👍👍👍👍
A friend of Murphy's Law?..... LOL
Simple answer. Because the demonrats are cheating
What about the previous elections, Obama, Clinton? Maybe the US election results were never following the Benford's Law.
Very interesting breakdown, but I do have one question: should we expect that huge spike in the vote total frequency? Why does Biden's distribution look like a pretty normal distribution while Trump's does not? If most precincts had ~500 voters and 85% of the populations voted Biden, his peak around the 400 point makes sense, but wouldn't we expect to see the peak for Trump around 75 rather than in the 10-29 range?
It’s good to have a real mathematician on the case.
could you use Benford's Law for the lotto lol
“Why do people’s mental gymnastic go into overdrive when they dont like what they see? “... my new book.
So funnnyyyyyyy
Here's a question for any of you people who truly understand the math behind this all: can Benford's Law be applied for data that spans across ordinals for bases smaller than 10 (e.g. base 5 or base 7)? Of course, this would change the specific proportions of the digits, but would it be possible to use this to verify the randomness of data that otherwise does NOT span across different magnitudes of 10, or am I misunderstanding the concept or why Benford's Law can't be applied to some data?
what would it look like if it was numbers from the whole state.
I love political videos that focus on the systems behind elections. Dont really care for the specific elections and people involved themselves.
You could get work voicing Wallace in Wallace and Gromit
Benford? Good tools. (Manly grunt sound in a questioning tone)
You did Chicago. Now do Milwaukee, Detroit, Philadelphia
hey i just wanna thank you for using they/them for everyone who hasn't explicitly told you what pronouns they prefer... wish I was brave (or pedantic) enough to do that.
I strongly suggest you put the Trump stuff in or make a separate bonus video. It’s a glaring omission in what is otherwise a dandy video that I would like to share.  I guess you could call it a Parker Video... 😁
whats the odds the the average % of voters was 60-67% in all counties but the states that being investigated were at 95-97%?
Only Media has Proclaimed the President-elect.  To be legal States must CERTIFY the winner of their own State election.  NO absolutely NO State has CERTIFIED ANY  WINNER!
The problem with the counts not spanning multiple orders of magnitude seems to not be a problem at all? Isn't it possible to look at the counts in a different base in which they span orders of magnitude? The same patterns described by Benford's law would still apply.
And on that "high Spike" for trump ,... I'm just 1 of those votes !! 1 among Hundred of Thousands  That ran ,& still running the TRUMP TRAIN !! trump 2044
Hey! Thanks for this!
If election data spans several orders of magnitude, will that match Benford's Law? Understandable that vote totals on evenly populated areas (like precincts) would not work, but at a county level where population (or vote totals) span 4+ orders of magnitude, surely Benford's Law could be used?
Video game sounds way too intense. But I'm old. Great video thanks.
Man youre a genius! You should explain this to whoopi goldberg
In a historically Democrat-run city, wouldn't neighboring precincts with Trump spikes lend itself to evidence of heavy gerrymandering in order to corral the opposition out of contesting other districts?
Statistical mathematicians can make the best conmen of all time. This is is not about this guy's video. As a matter of fact, I agree with his analysis.
Bottom line-can the IRS use to determine if I'm lying on my taxes...or not?
nothing is normal anymore
Awesome work, comrade. We can now seize the means of production.
The interesting thing is that only purple states have insane anomalies.... why didn’t Fl and Oh have strange numbers? Is it because they have robust vote counting processes?
Jesus Christ we need more science literacy and critical thinking taught in schools...  Knowing nothing of Benford's law prior to this video, it makes immediate sense.
shill
after all you said i did not understant one single thing,
Ooooh, oooh, now do Michigans
AP is a News Outlet not a governmental election agency. Therefore AP has no right to call the election for one party or the other! They can only report what the official final results are!
This video would have been much more interesting if the data was from a 50-50 state. Where the number of votes were the same and with that all other randomness should have been.
That’s such bs that YouTube took this down. Yeah now I’m starting to believe all the MSM conspiracy theories now.
It does explain why youtube was down and not my wifi
What happened, video disappeared mid-view! Got taken down?!
Not sure why I can't see your videos they are all showing with a black full screen not even with the play option
do a video about how its mathematically for biden to get more votes than there are registered voters
why won't this video load on fiber internet or on mobile data?
Um, did you just call that a normal distribution? That is clearly a Maxwell-Boltzmann distribution.
I think they deleted this video
There is a forensic accountant on yt, that applied it to pensilvania and it s clearly manipulated
Looks like they blocked the video, that’s fishy!
Oh, by the way, the data spike with trump up to about 15% is very likely when you consider vote switching algorithms as exposed by MIT PhD Dr. Ayyadurai, Data Analyst Phil Evans and election Commissioner Bennie Smith. https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
if theres anything ive learned, its that statistics lie...
Interesting, but how would you explain this deviation? https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
What is the statistical liklihood that after 643,104 views your video was unavailable for me to view? I also could not subscribe to your channel. Good thing the YouTube warning label was present to confirm the robust safeguards on the election - I was worried for a moment. SMH
Why do trumps data follow benfords law and bidens don't?  Did you 'forget' to ask that question?
And Biden didn't steal the elections, like you are not talking in front of dozens of books for effect... No wonder they say that '' for money and hunger we can get the trained monkey to not only pick a ticket but also to merrily dance as well''.. .all the way to commie totalitarianism, it sadly seems...
they are suppresing trump votes
This was a dollar coaster. I love it
With double pairs of pi, did you mean 14 15 92 or 14 41 15 59 92
So how do Trump's figures differ from Buden's? If you analyse Trump's data, why does his conform to Benford's law?
Looking at votes on a precinct level is probably not the thing to do. County-wide is better. For Pennsylvania counties, Biden breaks the pattern and trump follows it.
can we talk about those transitions?
Is there a specific reason for the change of cover for North America?
I have a big problem with what I think is a misuse of the word "Law". Laypeople (nonscientists, non-mathematicians) get confused easily enough about terminology like "it's just a theory" and the word "law". In my mind there are things like Newton's laws of motion, the laws of thermodynamics etc. These are fundamental principles of the way the universe works. I don't know a lot about Benford's Law but it looks to me to be more of a mathematical quirk and as you point out is only valid when your data set meets certain rigorous preconditions. It really doesn't say anything more significant than a statement like "half of everything is below the median" or "the average person is average". I think the misuse of the word "Law" that irks me the most is the so-called "Moore's Law" which was simply an observation by a guy at Intel years ago that semi-conductors get half as small, twice as powerful, and half as cheap over a certain amount of time. It's not something that's built into the fabric of the universe nor enacted by a legislative body.
Benford's law gets real spicy in binary!
So, obviously the breakdown of voter precincts makes sense, because as you stated, they try to make voter precincts about the same size.  Now, why is it that when you breakdown of the county votes, places that aren't broken up by number of people, but vary significantly in size (Like in PA, you have Philly which has millions of people whereas in some of the more rural counties, you'd only have a few thousand), when you breakdown those numbers, Benfords law also shows a lot of weird things.  Also, in a competitive race, I feel like this would "fix itself", whereas I don't think anyone thinks that the Chicago would be considered a "competitive race"
Here’s analysis of Pennsylvania which is actually under contention. Clear issues: https://youtu.be/1ald3w9FBmA
It didn't match because of the cheating. Wow math is useful.
just an interesting observation but i've been noticing all the conseratives who spent 4 years calling us triggered snowflakes who can't admit we lost....are being triggered snowflakes who can't admit they lost
So how come trumps data matches the law then?
You quote.... Big whoop. Who did you quote? God?
I think he is just trying to convince you not to look in this hole.
exactly what i was looking for!
Excellent video!
Why are you only testing Chicago? Nobody is contesting Chicago!
Well done on you book success (I'm not checking because I'm not bothered). You make excellent maths-based videos. Thanks :)
I wonder how this analysis would hold up when blocking by larger groups, such as county-wide or district wide.
And why Trump's votes do follow the law? Shouldn't they have a similar distribution as Biden's if they are extracted from the same precincts?
You had us in the first half of explaining trumps big number spike, ngl 😂
Thank you for your videos. So well explained. Just purchased your book (for my son, though it might be a bit thumbed by Christmas). Kind regards
Great video Matt. You've a fantastic communication style.
Is this the guy who wanted to change the english football sign
8:54 It's more like a poisson distribution.
Everybody here is going on about numbers and agenda's and I'm like "Whoa, look at that Trailbreaker! I didn't know Matt was a Transformer fan!"
Please tell me I'm not the only person who spent half the video looking at Matt's bookshelves trying to find books that I think I might need?
So the Biden votes in Chicago are the only ones that don't follow Benfords Law. That's one in 100 data sets. And you say that's normal?
So if there was vote tampering, lowering trumps votes to simply a 2 digit number per district. It would show this spike yet keep bidens random.  Gg
Wait, since you used the digits of Pi as random numbers, does that mean that you have proven that Pi is normal in base 10?
Kudos on that outro. Snappy!
Y’all using physics, advance mathematics and rocket science to discredit the election now 😭 lmao
What a dope ... analysis the states that matter ... Illinois is a done deal
Elect ions! Because non-ionic atoms are overrated
The "Trump tower" looks more like the tower in Mordor.
Great analysis! First objective look at the data 😊👍
As an wise accountant once said: "I only trust statistics I made up myself"
As a Conservative I can verify that this video is 100% politically neutral and 100% void of Fake News. Watch it it's good
Biden is the new president so Jan 14 step a side💯https://youtu.be/bEuD-WsQN_c
Tom Scott: "you can't trust me"  Matt Parker: *writes that down*
How could you explain getting 105% of the registered votes in certain districts? Just asking.
Just took a math stat midterm and one of the trick questions hinged on verifying that the data were random! Very relevant to this video.
Long the same lines of examining election data.  https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
Excellent video, highly educational and entertaining. I made it all of the way through,...at near normal speed, so that is a compliment to you. Nevertheless, could you please apply this same analysis to states in question, like WI, MI, or PA?
So you can use it, just as long as the numbers vary enough
Then why do Trump's numbers and Biden's numbers in the other districts follow Benford's Law?
"...or have I? Go to the website and check!"...... Interesting way of driving traffic to your website, Matt!!
THANK YOU MATT!!
Republicans don't believe in science or math anyway.
Unix environment 1-liner to simulate (using 1÷pseudorandom number) john@kreacher:~$ perl -e '$,=" ";$\=$/;for $y(0..99999){$x=1/rand(); print (int($x/10**int(log($x)/log(10))));}' | sort | uniq -c   55345 1   18550 2    9448 3    5668 4    3621 5    2600 6    1975 7    1575 8    1218 9
Ok-ok, I bought the book!
@Stand Up Maths - curious to get your take on https://youtu.be/u2DRwt6RWyc , which indicates statistically significant anomalies with Biden’s vote in so called swing states. The conclusions from that video are at odds with your assessment and I can’t fault his logic.
Facts have no relationship to peoples opinions. They would rather believe things that echo their personal belief structure.
Dislikes are just Trump supporters.
Alternatively, you could not be an idiot. https://youtu.be/DoF3WS42w3M
Congrats on the book. Very happy for you. Love watching your stuff, very smart person. Hats off!
8:20 So you're saying that we cannot apply Benford's law because 98% of precincts had roughly same number of votes? That sounds a lot like violation of Benford's law.
I understand that precincts are designed to have similar numbers of potential walk-in voters. But aren’t the votes counted in larger units, such as counties and state capitals? I’d have expected far more variation in electorate size at that level. How are postal votes counted? Are they mailed to the specific precinct polling sites near where the voters live, or are they sent up to the county or state capital?
Waste of time! Doesn't tell you anything!
Someone pushing their groups agenda is a not just expected but should be encouraged. What should be frowned upon is someone pushing an agenda blindly.
Congrats on the top 100 matt. I didn't need to check the website, i just used Internet's Law to verify it:  1. You made a statement in your video. 2. Your comment section isn't flooded with people calling you a liar. 3. Must be true. QED. 😁
Congratulations.   You just got yourself subpoenaed to Congress as an expert for the upcoming investigation.
Chicago is not where there are abnormal data patterns for Biden. Why don’t you do a video on Milwaukee? Detroit?
Ooooh oooooooh! Do one on how trump supporters say "its impossible because trump rally's have lots of people and Bidens have few people!"
bendford isnt valid, sorry
Went full Aussie at 4:13
Thanks, makes sense
I like the one about the plane windshield popping off and the pilot had to be grabbed and pulled back in because the bolts weren’t right.
Correct me if i'm wrong, but wouldn't Trump and Jo's votes follow the same shape of distribution, if it's a matter of population sizes? Trump's votes are relatively close to Biden's. Edit: grammar
Thank you for the video :) Very interesting days analysis
Well the problem is that Republicans aren't smart enough to recognize the truth of this epigraph from Michael Crichton's book "Airframe" - "The irony of the Information Age is that it has given new respectability to uninformed opinion."  They don't want to recognize that there are people who are smarter than them.
Good stuff. Chicago is boring, though. Need to check Georgia and. Pensilvania
How can a vote start with a digit? I honestly did not understand a single thing in this video.
Giving a like for the Numberphile name drop!
Can you really get this book? You should double check for yourself! - You cannot be 100% sure, until you have a copy, right?
He only looks at highly democratic Chicago.  Most other Benford analysis  looks at counties results through out the US which would give a wide sample size.  It seems he is cherry picking data to support his theory.
nice video Matt, thanks for clarifying this while avoiding the politics but on the other hand, YT has entered the flagging game too, that's nice wish they had this feature when MSNBC's Rachel Maddow was jumping up and down with baseless Russia story which was debunked by 3 different investigations
Trumps data corresponds with the reports and videos of thrown out votes
So, who won the most votes in that Chicago area of precincts?  If Joe Biden won, then who tampered with the number of Trump votes? Do you think Trump tampered with them in order to lose? Or do you think Biden tampered with them in order to win?
Did benfords law apply to previous elections? If so you are not correct.
Biden is not a "they".
Make a video on the story about the airplane windshield screws!  Would be wonderful if we could get pictures or examples of the actual screws and the tiny differences in their sizes!
Rusted on Trump supporters: “Antifa!”
I was on board when you were using population data to explain the issue, but then you immediately switched to using vote averages to prove that vote average were the correct vote average which is circular reasoning. Could you compare the bedford curve for the population of the districts to the vote totals in the district?  That's what should matter here.
Fantastic!  Thank you!
So to summarize (to hopefully unify us all in our apolitical love of mathematics): Benford's law and neither of the two distributions are ever a hard proof of anything and statistics is a tricky stuff, if you ain't willing to engage with the data as it is, correct? At least somewhat?  To further point out something that might be interesting to clarify: I do not follow the election that closely, but one claim I did hear concerning Chicago was, that there was a sudden spike of Biden votes at an obscure hour, all for Biden none for Trump. As I understand it, first problem you might note would be that it needed not to be votes from Chicago. Nevertheless, I am curious, even if it were supposed to be votes from Chicago, would it show in any way on this distribution? (as the claim is it was quite concetrated, so I would assume it wouldn't add much to the total of numbers in the data set starting with certain digits)
The end average data is what led me to believe electoral college would pick Biden. Because in some specific places trump was too good
I'm doing this in Brady's voice: "Matt, how do we know you haven't actually made up Waterstones? Like maybe it's this fake bookstore where you just nominated your own book to be among the top 100 books of the year."
nice work getting on trending you really deserve it :)
Benford's Law is like Benford's Love, it only holds when it spans a range of magnitudes.
If the data is what we would expect, then why is it not consistent with both.  Something looks wrong.
Now, I don't mean to sound like a petty number snob but wouldn't the digit pairs of φ be "more random" than the digit pairs π?
CONGRATS! <3 <3
I always wanted to pick lottery numbers with 1s like 1-9 is 9 1-10 has two 1s. Then 10-19 has ten 1s then every 10 ends in 1 and again with 100
Clearly this man voted for Kanye.
BWAHAHAHAHA!!!
Interesting... I recently ordered Humble Pi from Amazon. I live in the US, but they sent me the original UK version. Great read. So was Things to Make and Do in the Fourth Dimension. I love your informative and humorous style.
I’d seen Benford Curve deviations for Milwaukee and Allegheny County PA, as they are relevant swing state districts, not Chicago which is irrelevant to 2020 election results. Have you looked at those ?
Wow I was looking at this website earlier and trying to understand what they were saying, thanks for clearing it up
The other issue with this is that its just one statistic from one region of one state in the country. If you look hard enough you can find weird statistical anomolies anywhere provided there is enough data and you can look at it in different ways
Can confirm - Benford's law works in binary :-)
there's a similar take coming from voting data scrapped from the NYT website and how mail-in votes will show a predictable R/D ratio pattern in every state except for a couple of cases. very entertaining analysis
A good tool is also a run chart which plots the number of votes for a candidate according to time, i.e. when counted. I have seen a graph that shows a huge spike at the end of the counting period for one candidate. That is a clear indication of an irregularity. It is very difficult to cook up a normal distribution curve and have the run chart data not show an anomaly if there was tampering at some stage.
Benfords law: proof that 30.1% of people can't count past 20.  Also I get told off regularly for "going down rabbit holes", aka digging way too deep into things. This stuff is what I really want to spend my time doing, except to get paid for it I'd have to be any good at explaining it...
What's your analysis of in flood of 60,000 votes at 4 AM all for Biden. Seems a bit odd to me and you don't need to be a maths expert to see that.
Liked for the clear explanation. Subscribed when I saw Skids in the background!
16:04 Indeed, people should push their agenda: fight for their principles and for what they believe to be the betterment of humanity. However, in this case, the argument was misinformation (be it a simple misunderstanding of the math, or a bald-faced lie), and I think we and agree that people should _not_ spread misinformation. Still, people will do it, so you still always have to double-check.  What's annoying to me is that stating a falsehood takes much less time than debunking a falsehood: i.e. misinformation is an epistemic denial-of-service attack.
Wow, who would have guess Chicago is a leftist community. No surprise. Just look at their idiot mayor.
Does this apply in other bases?
15:40 how do you know the data isn't fake? Isn't that the whole idea, that unusual spikes in the data makes it looks suspiciously fake?
Would all the precincts that are at the edge where republican and democrat votes would possibly be more equal follow benfords law?
Just bought your book, no more excuses :D
Great, can you explain why Trump votes follow Benford's law in the same area?
Because Biden's votes are fake, just like the news media.
Great video, in future I would love to hear you thoughts and explanation on aldens number number
mail- in votes = MURPHY'S LAW. We go to grocery stores EVERYDAY during the chinavirus, but TDS dem mail-in vote scam scheme claims= it's too dangerous to go vote for 1 day in a GYM
No way! Every digit in the video's view count is also a digit of pi! Crazy to think I could be the lucky one just this once.
Thank you!
Great job, nicely done, love it (as usual) <3
The issues are: 1) Precincts and Wards are usually artificially limited to 1000 voters (so the totals don't follow Benford's Law). 2) One fake precinct is enough to tip the election, but Benford's Law isn't good at finding one fake.  Trump won the election, but Benford's Law isn't how it's proved.
Law ? Ha ha ha
Hey Matt do you think all this analysis is due to the(sorry to say) poor data quality? You say benfords law requires data points of varying degrees of magnitude yet use data points specifically purposed to be about the same size. So do you think with a different type of data you’d get better analysis? Say instead just go by a states counties since they can have pretty wildly varying orders of magnitude ie in my state Johnson county has a pop of 600k vs the lowest pop county being Greeley with 1,232
*... and what's the probability that computer glitches and clerical errors overwhelming favor one candidate???*  🤪🤪🤪
Is that Rendezvous with Rama on your bookshelf?
So what they say is correct, they not bumped Bidens votes just culled Trump's. Hmmm
I love the average person story... I don't think you've done that one... have you. Did I miss it? You do a lot of stuff, it's hard to keep up.
I wouldn't expect vote tampering in Chicago in the first place Illinois is always gonna be blue on its own.
They used common core idiot math.
1.9K dislikes from disappointed political people of a certain persuasion...
Why did you choose Chicago? The Trump people have not challenged Chicago. Take a close look at Detroit, Philadelphia, Pittsburgh, Milwaukee....
Benford's law in binary is my favourite, it even works for arbitrary collections of nonzero numbers.
Let's be honest, your normal viewership weren't ever falling for the "stolen election" story. And anyone who is falling for it will just ignore you and call you a liberal, a socialist, or something else derogatory.  But I had never heard of benfords law so I always appreciate learning something new.
Still angry that your book wasn't published on 3/14! #$%#@
*Joseph Biden ... the Fraudchurian Candidate* ... 🤪🤪🤪  *“Those who vote decide nothing. Those who count the vote decide everything.”* -- Joseph Stalin
1.9 thousand trumpers are ignoring science again because the mathematicians / statisticians do not know math as well as trump / conspiracists.
I wonder if you did the voter analysis in another base, you could get both Trump and Biden's vote counts to fall across different orders of magnitudes (number of digits) for that base; you could show that Benford's applies when you do that, then.  edit: this doesn't work.  see thread below.
More people need to understand how statistics can mislead you, and how misleading people can make statistics lie to you
We can't trust Matt Parker! We all know he's a radical leftist in the pocket of Big Spreadsheet.
I know what agenda Matt's trying to push:    Selling his international bestselling book Humble Pi, where he talks about Benford's Law and how it can be used as a forensic accounting tool. I'm onto you Matt
Biden has illegal votes. However, Trump becomes President, 100%
those graphs are an example of the old saying, there are lies, damned lies, statistics and politics
98% of statistics are made up
Isn't it great when the people who shun academia try to use it against you?
Sorry, but this thesis shows the Benford's law is not applicable for ellection results : https://repository.library.georgetown.edu/handle/10822/557850
Interesting Video.  Also, I thinks its cool you still have the Transformer in the box.
When your argument is easily defeated by doing basic math.
This is so fantastic! Interesting, funny quips, great editing! I've shared the video with my Statistics of Voting class, hopefully they enjoy it too!
Better not tell Donald trump about this.
Come on, Matt - nobody that needs to see this is going to be watching it.
It's nice seeing an election video that isn't trying to polarize everyone.  Just some interesting math.  Thanks, Matt! :)
Thank you for being direct and concise. What a breath of fresh air.
Benfords law is not a standalone test, its a basic filter, like how electric companies would flag if a house might be growing marijuana if they have a high electric bill. They might be, but much more likely it's an anomaly or there's another better explanation like they got a TV.   Dr. Jen Golbeck (@jengolbeck) a professor at university college maryland has debunked benfords law's use in election returns.
I've not read Humble Pi yet: it's on my birthday wishlist, so my fingers will continue to be crossed for the next week! :D Interesting, educational and entertaining as ever Matt
13:40 you are assuming that Pi is a normal number, which hasn't been proven. Otherwise, good video.
Very good video! That Benford’s law is so confusing still to me. I appreciate the examples, it helped put it in perspective!
Has anyone told you that you look like a young Michael Palin of The Monty Pythons? xD
I quite didn't get the digit thing and was completely lost about what was presented until the 82 cents. But I still don't think I completely understood what this was about and what those digits are :D
What about Peneilvania and Nevada etc?
The way I see it, these things are like metal detectors. They're great at finding points of interest, but you have to start digging to see if it's a coin or a bottlecap.
According to whom? No legitimate research entity is making this claim! At least he admits that’s BL is not a good tool for measuring anything related to elections especially in an election in the middle of a pandemic!
Love the videos but that transition music is jarring, obnoxious and loud.
Also, as an actuary we understand we have to know what data we are analyzing, statistical significance, etc. however, the reason Benford’s Law is so puzzling to statisticians is bc it doesn’t follow a probabilistic model, at least not in how you would apply it. Yes, heavily Biden districts you’d assume would have more digits starting with 5,6,7, and 8; however, the same could be said for a random, independent variable data set, it should have an equal frequency? No? But it doesn’t? It follows Benford’s Law, which is we find it fascinating. The analysis done here seems ignore some serious hypothesis testing measures? You haven’t established, at least to the viewer, that other districts that would lean heavily Biden do NOT also seem distributed more heavily towards higher leasing digits? Moreover, what about heavily Trump districts, do those also break from the Law? And what about those contested areas where there is reasonable suspicion of IRREGULARITIES, so they follow the law in other races and elections then break from the law? Wouldn’t that seem to give us a better idea of whether or not these are in fact anomalies or just data sampling factors? You didn’t cover any of that?
If you have enough data that have small totals unsuitable for analysis by Benford's law you should be able to randomly group totals together until you reach a suitable threshold to apply Benford's law.
14:05 likely the moment trump voters stopped watching xD  Kinda bad if they skip the ending.
Very well explained! Thanks a lot :D
Great explanation. I picked up the books as well! Cheers.
While I don't think this one issue can prove or disprove any sort of voting irregularities or outright fraud, I think you did a FANTASTIC job taking a balanced approached to illustrate some pitfalls we can hit when jumping to conclusions.  Anyone who thinks that the vote was rigged needs to make sure they're providing good examples, citing something that is disproven doesn't help your case (and yes I think there are other issues that are red flags to be appropriately addressed in the legal system and not from armchair quarterbacks or by news anchors who donated heavily to one party or the other)
Experts are the worst when it comes to truth. They have only one truth: to defend their positions they worked so hard for.
Corruption.. of course
Came here to see Trump vindicated and died of boredom
I must be the only guy in the comment section who got a B in math cause I'm bored out of my mind.
But, what about heavily Trump districts? Can we find that in heavily Trump districts? Or what about other heavily Biden districts like Denver? Maybe Portland??? I don’t know, but based on your accent I don’t know if you know Chicago’s reputation for bad politics? I.e. what about other elections? I’d suggest trying Detroit and/or Philadelphia? Check this election and the last election?
Fascinating video!
The 2011 you quote says that on extremely low level bump anomalies according to this mathematical law.
So one would imagine there would be a separate distribution for Benford's law if we were using a base 12 number system, but with a very similar shape.
Benford's Law < Alden's Law
aha - but we don’t know if pi is normal, or if its digits are uniformly distributed! Clearly, Matt has an agenda...
wait wait wait wait wait.. hold up... numbers *mean* something? I've been watching this channel for years and I always thought maths was just for fun.
Credit to you for putting the summary entirely at the front of the video, for the quick browsers. That is your civic duty at work. (I stayed to the end obviously I'm a stats nerd)
I hit  my limit on my understanding  english... so I am not bilingual at all with maths...
Hey mate, I thoroughly enjoyed the video, nice work!  I could have used some more detail regarding to Benford's law on the second digits - looking at the papers on the subject, that might be more interesting regards to election irregularities - but I understand the time constraints, and tbh that particular dataset should not be suspect anyways. I would treat Chicago as a baseline to see what's happening elsewhere. Like these guys did with a few districts of Michigan https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk  (Wayne county being the control there, like Chicago here) They are purposefully dumbing down the specifics, but a little Unnecessary Detail would be welcome! ;)
That last 30 seconds has me doubting everything now. Or has it!? 🤔
"AND ELECT ION DATA"      aye
Thank you for the video! You friends are all super awesome! Oh moments of this video are so very sad.
Well obviously Trump fixed the results so that he lost.... lol
When is a law a law in science? When you can't find an example that counters it. Benford's law is a conjecture, not a law.
TLDR: Trump votes were suppressed.
Huh what about Benford's Law in different bases (e.g. octal)? It might be an interesting way to get around the "it has to span orders of magnitude" thing because you can just try different bases until you get one that satisfies that.
Benford also makes some pretty crappy power tools.  Tim Taylor can attest to that.  :)
Joe Biden has the difficult task of healing our divided nation. Never before in American history has there been such greed, racism, police brutality, and inequality in wealth. However, the American people could not have chosen a more moderate, likeable, and magninimous man to repair the damage of The Fascist Autocrat than Joe Biden. He will wield his authority in concert with the Human Spirit, leaving no one out.
I hate that the US addition of Humble Pi drops the s from maths in the title. One of the most consistent errors in the US is not realizing mathematics is plural because geometry, trig, arithmetic, etc. are singular. And yes, my kids do hate that I have this agenda.
forget the elections, benford's law can help you win bets...
Excellent video. Thanks for checking politics at the door.
For me the total vote frequency looks more like log-normal distribution, instead of normal distribution.
Hey Matt, will your book soon be available in german language?
Can someone explain the difference between Zipfs law, the bell curve and Benfords law?  Curve goes swoosh?
As a chemist I'm here to elect ion data
Very  good explanation thank you
Long story short math it self can't explain why Biden won the vote
because he clearly padded the votes in swing states
Do Philadelphia.
This was very informative and efficiently provided. Well done!
You need to do this for swing states. I find this video and its title misleading. Thumbs down!
If you measured the length of adults' feet in millimetres, I expect the results would not obey Benford's law!
I'm honestly surprised that there's a Trumps supporter knowing about Bendford's Law.
So basically Trump's votes were surpressed? That's what the data for Chicago seems to imply
if bidens vote does not follow benfords law one asks does  trumps
SO UNDER THE PRESUMPTION THAT MOST PEOPLE IN CALLI VOTED FOR BIDEN IST NORMAL. XD SO OBVIOUSLY SINCE ITS OBVIOUS THAT MOST PEOPLE IN USA ALSO VOTED FOR BIDEN XD.
Very interesting! If I ever own a business, I will have a tool to check on my employees xD
biden is a Chinese puppet we are all doomed....
The data would span more orders of magnitude if you made the orders of magnitude smaller. Try in base 4 rather than base 10 or 100 as described in the video? Or is it only 'useful' when working in humans' natural units?
Wonderful! Thank you Matt! Love you! <3
You are allowed to estimate income in some cases in the US.
Simply put, people who claim this is evidence are intentionally or unintentionally ignoring the fundamental requirement for Benford's law to be applied
Now do an analysis on the numbers in the parker square of different sizes :D
Can you do it on other states please.
"You'll see this cover in North America, and this one in the rest of the world." Isn't that the truth?!
I enjoyed it and learned something,  thank you
What about averaging each digit in a number. Do this each for all the numbers in a range, then plot those. Would this provide any valuable data?
Moral of the story: If you have strong political opinions, and you hear something that you either agree or disagree with very strongly, give it a google.
If Biden wins will this meen all future American elections will be about who can print the most illegal votes. Could be fun ; )
Having opposition is not the goal of governments; it is to have correction when one party strays from the goal.  The goal should be the kingdom of God on earth. Being "born again" or "twice born" leaves limitations of earth science and opens God's power for us by faith.
is "double check yourself" some kind of click bait? :D just kidding
Thanks for your honesty and showing how non-ideological science works. I was worried that you were partial, thanks again.
The guy only analyzed Chicago, why not statewide analysis?
Great explanation! Using flimsy evidence like Benford's Law is pretty annoying when there are explanations for the odd results.. Personally I don't malign people for wanting a recount as long as they aren't claiming Trump did win or will definitely win. That just reeks of desperation and not of wanting to check the facts. Unfortunately, people who don't claim either of those and want a recount seem pretty rare.
This was awesome
Please label your graphs so we can clearly see what the graph is showing.
This is really well done. Kudos!
Use normality curve
Interesting that you would use Chicago. A city known for its violence and corruption since at least the 1920s as your benchmark to try to extrapolate your data across the rest of the country.
I feel that the transition music between scenes doesn't really match the tone of a deep dive into statistics. It sounds more like an advertisement for a local carnival.
That makes a lot of sense. It is probably smarter to do this analysis on county numbers across a state or group of states. You should get a pretty wide range of number sizes.
Now do Detroit or Philadelphia.
How dare you present rational explanations for things that defy people's hopes, no matter how unrealistic!
Get the first 269 pairs of Pi. I seem to recall a certain Matt Parker warning us against statistics where the sample population was a very specific number :-)
It seems to me that Benford’s Law could also be applied to different number systems, like base-2. If you converted all the precinct data to a lower base system (therefore increasing the range of order of magnitude), would Benford’s Law then apply?
Congratulations on the book! It's a great book and I hope more people find it now.
This is not needed as the votes where done on the quantum block chain and all the true ballot sheets have water marks on. So we will soon see the true winner. That will be Trump.
Benford’s law may work best if you use the entirety of voting districts in US.  Was hoping since that was mentioned in the beginning as showing how it may work for votes, that same analysis would be had.  Good information nonetheless.  Thanks
Very interesting . I am curious as to why Chicago was chosen given that it is heavily skewed to the Democrat side.  What about at the state level esp for one of the contested states? And compare to states known to heavily Republican and Democrat respectively ?
Imagine if there was just one low set tax rate. Nerds like this guy would have to do something else but we can't have that now can we.
This is very good.
Benfords law is voodoo magic
I spotted wrong answers distributed A>B>C>D in 'continuing education'  MCQ papers, tho correct answers were randomly distributed. Most likely folk just play 'Mastermind' to save time. Oops.
Ok, you explained 1 of the thousand shady things communi... sorry, democrats did that indicate corruption in the elections. I live in Argentina, a country that thrives in corruption. Everything that went on in that election indicates corruption. If Biden wins America would have succesfully taken the first step into becoming another latin american country. There's no going back from that. Once corruption sets foot in the government it's game over.
So whose data indicates greater gerrymandering with the precincts?
“Follow the science, all hail science.” “Biden won.” “You see, science is actually really complicated and not a religion so, yeah... Nothing to see here.” “Does that mean there’s nuance and caveats with climate change?” “Blasphemy!!”
Great analysis. Benford's law was new to me, and I imagine a lot of other folks. Of course as a sole tool may or may not be reliable, and can be a flag for investigation. With substantive corroborative evidence, would be a definitive reason to prompt an examination. Either way, both sides should welcome an audit if they want a truthful outcome.
Part of me feels like he’s mad that trump lost and the other part of the is laughing at him
Ah yes, Biden ballot stuffing in Chicago to win the deep red state of Illinois.
I've got your book while ago. I am wondering why did you had to go with different book covers from US and anywhere else in the world? I'm from Brazil, btw.
So why does Trump's distribution seem to follow Benford's law if he was also subject to the precinct number influences that caused Biden's numbers to not follow Benford's law? Still doesn't make sense to me. Their distribution curves should be more similar than different, shouldn't they?
Why do you deliberately choose Chicago?  I want to see a similar analysis in municipalities where Republicans and Democrats split evenly.
I look forward to the day that I no longer see an info header on youtube videos that AP called the winner and that "Robust safeguards..........."  Fair winds and following seas to all.
Informative video. Your segment transitions are annoying though.
"The moral of the story is that everyone has their own agenda they want to push on you.......check out my book Humble Pi!"
I know you are smart, i am well aware of that. I start watching your videos knowing how brilliant you are. And you keep fascinating me each time.
There is no way Chicago isn't corrupt to its core. Which is more likely... The Chicago political machine is NOT corrupt or 1+1=3?
If we focused on all 3,000 or so counties in the US and plotted those numbers in a similar way you did for the Chicago Precinct votes, would that data be closer to random or would it it still have expected deviation from the curves?
You are going under the assumption that one candidate's "camp" would tamper his numbers in a positive light... But it's entirely possible that the counters could undercount the other candidates votes and thus the "cheater" seems perfectly normal while the opponent looks suspicious.
If it's not accurate, why does Le canton de Genève used it in 2013 while only 5% of its population voted and now use it systematically ?
PARK YOUR TRUCK FOR TRUMP !!!
Great job Mr. Matt. If only media did their job instead of gaslighting maybe we wouldnt have half of the country not believing the election results no matter who wins.
Thank You that was very informative
PARK YOU TRUCK FOR TRUMP !!!
It is too deep, my kinda porn
Why do you seem to have forgotten all your pronouns? Everyone is a "they" for some reason
This is just propaganda of him to show his knowledge on mathematics and sell his book But I am okay with that
Benfords law is staking that the most anamolies must happen in the beginning and not near the end its like all Books have the most durt on the first pages
This law sounds like common sense to me. Each order of magnitude takes an order of magnitude longer to escape the "1s". 10 digits to escape 10s, 100 digits to escape 100s, 1000 digits to escape 1000 and so on. And each time it would be less and less likely they you will escape that leading 1 chunk.
Wouldn’t it make sense to not use this law in Chicago but in Pennsylvania , mi, and WI? Lol there’s no debate over Chicago.
The great reset, look it up, no more freedom, human data harvest for future wealth collection for corporate companies, the 0.001% They want your DNA, SELL YOU DRUGS FOR THE NEXT 100 YEARS We need the Army to arrest all of parliament for treason !
I can't tell if you're using your powers for good or evil
Pretty informative video. He surely intended to stay away from controversy by analyzing Chicago, which really says little, if anything, about the elections.
• So basically, Trumpies are so desperate to grasp at straws that they'll attempt to use a part of a paper/algorithm to back they're case and ignore the parts that don't. In other words, there's nothing new or surprising here. ¬_¬ • Congratulations on the book's success (I'll just assume you're telling the truth 🤷).
I think I need to talk with my accountant...
Next, try to explain how there can be a step function for only one candidate.
Matt, so, if taking two last digits of Trump votes in Chicago is too much and it doesn't end up random because of that; what happens if you only take one last digit? These should be more or less random. Are they?
show us binfords law overlaid on every election in the history of the us and then show us this one ..
Where are the subtitles Matt?
Those transitions need to change, they are way too loud compared to the standard volume.
Why are you using chicago as an example when we know where the corruption is alleged?
but the law is good at elections, its just one vote was flipped from one to the other
1700 people got to 14:41 and then went to write angry things elsewhere on the internet.
Top videos mate, subbed!
Let’s just call Republicans the “Dunning Krueger party” from now on.
So why are Trump's numbers following the curve almost exactly. Something doesn't sound right here.
Can we use benfords law to check China's Corona cases
There are much better algorithms to use that can look at election data and probabilities. Using a subset of AI called ML you can feed the election data in from many elections and see how Bidens results skew from what would be expected in about 17 states.
The red wave for Trump  across all the US counties explains the last two digits. Only at those four contentious cities does this Biden votes don't follow the Benson's law smell test.
Does any of this apply if votes are taken from one candidate and given to another as official data proves is the case with Dominion voting systems?  Would that show strange spikes in both Biden and Trump?
Just wanted to say that I like this video. I just started my first college stats course a few weeks ago and it occurred to me how a major election like this would be a goldmine for statistics nerds! I didn't think I would be able to follow what you were saying when I started the video, but it was all well explained for a beginner like me, so well done!
Because land of the free, hoorah...
Interesting and fun presentation, but mathematical expressions that uncover corrupt software data not likely available?
Nice explaining 👌 👍 👏 😊. Take away nothing infallible
Higher numbers will be rarer, and any number just over the threshhold of an order of magnitude will contribute to the 1s column
Trump tower looks like Barad-dûr
One of Hitler's best tricks was to only present evidence that supported his claims.
Please do your Benfords law analysis on the swing States
@14:15  Is it just me, or does it look like that "Trump Tower" should have the Eye of Sauron hovering above it?
No math wizardry can help my bank account balance for goid lol
Trumps data looks like a die awaay curve found in nature and Bidens looks like a skewed normal curve or a POisson curve they both have explinations and can be used after the fact but statistics is often not a good measure of actual events.  This is my opinion as a math major and any resemblince to facts is coincidental
Thanks for clarifying in the first seconds, bye.
Cope harder Biden bro. It’s happening
WRONG...He chose the wrong city! AND WHY DID HE DO THAT! He should have chosen a city in Pennsylvania or Michigan. Those are the two states in question. Chicago ballot corruption has been normalized. Just ask two term former Chicago governor Rob Blagojevich.
Do it in base 2!  Just kidding but the higher the base the smoother the curve?
1:38 I happened to have a data set in front of me while watching this so lets compare: 1 30.1% vs 30.0% 2 17.6% vs 17.5% 3 12.5% vs 12.3% 4 9.7% vs 9.6%  5 7.9% vs 7.7%  6 6.7% vs 6.9% 7 5.8% vs 5.7% 8 5.1% vs 5.4% 9 4.6% vs 4.3%  Pretty close...
how to lie with statistics
Use a city biden is not expected to win, but did.
That Trump tower looks an awful lot like Sauron's tower, just saying
What? I must be stupid. This went right over my head.
3 minutes in and I can't imagine how big of a pile of bullshit this is. I AM a scientist and this theory is soooo not applicable to the U.S. population and elections. It's embarrassing that this dipshit would even suggest it.
The Jill Stine recount showed at least a .5% margin of error against Trump. So I don't think we can afford not to recount.
Ok. I understood all of that but your telling me the reason Biden follows a normal curve and not Venford's law is because the votes were distributed normally right? Is it "normal" for the votes to be distributed like a normal curve? if the answer is no, doesn't that mean that there is some fishy happening?  Am asking cause right now your telling me the reason Biden's votes don't follow Benford's law is because of the votes distribution, and people's problem is in fact with the distribution. So, your not actually answering the question. That is like saying, "the reason students got abnormally high grades in this specific semester is because the distribution of students scores were heavily concentrated on the right side" Which doesn't clear the students from cheating.
Does anyone have access to similar data in Philadelphia? Or perhaps Detroit or Milwaukee? I'd be willing to crunch the numbers exactly as Matt has and post a video on it.
Parker's chi-squared test for uniform distribution: compare the data to a graph of the digits of Pi.
I have a feeling this video is not going to age well.
Can you do a video on the possibility of flipping a coin 138,000 times and it landing on the same side every time? Lol
Very informative video, been looking for something to explain this. Subscribing and liking for more quick maths.
Maybe I've missed it but this appears to be an incomplete analysis? It didn't really go into why this occurs across multiple cities and candidates where Biden appears to be the only one with a normalish distribution.
Steven Crowder downvoted this. Apparently 1.3K of his fans stopped by as well.
Howdy, can you tell me why you have someone playing a high hat cymbals in the corner of the room when you are explaining complex statistical ideas? I would have thought just talking with out someone playing the drums would be less distracting for viewers. Plus your content seems interesting enough that music is not required to try to keep people watching...ironically music on top of a talking head makes me go elsewhere.
Did you check Georgia and Pennsylvania?
Really cool analysis, learned about Benford’s law today 👍🏻
An average Republican viewer and the supporter of failed real estate developer and reality tv actor: Stops the videos after 5 s and continue to live in the fantasy world of trump victory.
Yes yes I understand some of these numbers
I bought your book on amazone from america and I got the world wide cover. im ok wit that, i just wasent expecting that
He looks like chad Seth Everman
Math and laws are rascist! REEEEEEERREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEeeee!
In math we trust, or verify then trust.
Matt clutch with with the no spin analysis. I got to get your book man, love your content.
BOOM!!! 6:22...”There is unusual data that isn’t following Benford’s Law; therefore, you need to investigate.”
I failed Statistics twice... I hope liking this video gives me merit for the next try
Okay but do this analysis for the whole country and see if the conclusion is the same.
2:14 you’ve inaccurately described Bendord’s law, and you’ve provided two examples that do not span multiple orders of magnitude. You’ve even referred to random distribution across the scale you provide rather than using an example of random *measurements* using said scale. Do you know what you’re talking about at all?  3:54 if your expert witnesses are not providing testimony in court or describing their methodology can you really trust your criminal justice system? I understand your “humble experience” may not be in a free and open society but surely you could have looked for cases in the US where a forensic accountant used data analysis.  5:09 people are estimating or rounding? Literally every tax professional and attorney I have spoken to has indicated to me this is encouraged common practice. To frame this as malicious intent, to insist this is because of the inability of the authorities to verify the figure is dubious.  6:05 to try and explain deviations with a singular simple explanation is both implausible (as we have no control group of meticulous and honest taxpayers to compare this data to, we have none of the subjects available to describe their intent and rational, to verify such an explanation) and unnecessary! The singular explanation I would put forward is that it is apparent that applying this mathematical relationship must be done in a verifiable and repeatable fashion. We must have a widespread basis of showing how Benford’s law typically fits the data we are analyzing before we can even presume to suspect a deviation.
I just ordered your book (€11 seems fair!), based on what you do in this video. Keep up the good work!
Basically, "Trump Voters Are Mad and I can prove it mathematically."
Great video! I've seen this law mentioned more imidiately following each of the last two US presidential elections than I have at all other times of my life combined! I'm happy to have something to link going forward which at least argues the "you need to dig deeper" case when I inevitably see people sharing this law again in 4 years
PA, MI and WI data comparison, please.
Humble Pie is FANTASTIC as an audiobook because he reads it himself!!!  Highly recommended!!!
I’m no mathematician but I find something wrong with Biden getting more votes after the hunter biden scandal
Great job on that first minute clarification, hopefully this will reduce the number of conspiracy rants rather than increase them :)
So if we ignore all the other pro biden anomalies across the US and accept that Benfords law is evidence of nothing then yeah, Biden's in the clear. Except all the other bs exists n needs to be investigated regardless of who comes out on top.
if this arguments where true then the Trump's chart will neither follow Ben-fords law for the SAME sample data. trumps data follows the law Biden's doesn't.
You should have used the data from a contested swing state like MI, PA, or GA
Hi, I tried to knock up a spreadsheet to see this after watching your video, I used RandBetween(1,100000) to generate 500k numbers and then plot them and I don't get anything like your graph
I don't think benford's law is a law  The moment it can't be disproven it ceases to be a law right?  So your saying a math law is supposed to account for political unrest ?
Math is Bipartisan
Everyone must watch this. It proves something is up! https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
Thanks for the nice video.
I have a sneaking suspicion that mug is empty...
In other news  https://youtu.be/vIsDjbhbADY
You are obviously clueless
Do the thedonald system glitch dump! It's on thedonald.win and gateway pundit
Too bad the main stream media doesn’t broadcast this.  Thanks for the explanation!
Heard it all my life: "When I die, bury me in Chicago, so at least I can still vote."
Good video. I was hoping you guys would do one on this topic. Thanks for making this video.
This video is worthless without the mathematician saying if he supports Biden or Trump. I say this as Democrats have this knack of twisting facts to suit any narrative they want.
Dude why are you comparing data from an insignificant state and not from one of the key swing states???
This all sounds very  Zipfian (Zipf's Law)
Read his statement on the screen at 10:00 then go back and look at the two charts at 6:41.  Kinda strange how President Trump's modal first digit was not higher, huh.
What about the statistical probability of getting 123,000 votes in a row for 1 candidate when there are at least 3 candidates? (Some states had more than 3 candidates on the ballet). I think the math is like this: P= (A/(A+B))^N Where p is the probability. N is the number of times in a row.  So for getting 1 of the 3 candidates 123,000 consecutive times would be: P = (1/(1+3))^123000  P = (1/4)^123000 = so small that it might as well be zero.
I tested this on all the dates in 2020 and got a whopping 100% for the digit 2! Because why would I use any other date format than ISO 8601?
Doesn’t explain why trumps distribution followed the law in those same precincts but Biden’s did! Sorry nice try!
Nobody watch the RALLIES Nobody saw the crowds & crowds of people compared to BEJING BIDEN the parades by boat by car by trucks THOUSANDS AMONG THOUSANDS IN BLUE STATES THE FLAGS THE T SHIRTS HATS ECT ECT HOW CAN ANY ONE WITH ANY BRAINS AT ALL NOT SEE THIS IS BULLSHIT
I like the UK book cover better than the US version. It catches the eye and makes you look again.
I would like to see Bidens vs Trump vs every other election result this year.  What does that data set look like?
When they count 130,000 votes in 2 hours .that doesn't help. When the machine (with proof and evidence ) has switched up to 20,000+ in some counties
You don't just use Benford's law. See Dr. Sheiva's must recent analysis.  Benford's law can verify his work. Use republican precincts in Democrat cities in question. Chicago was not in question. Neither Trump nor Biden should match.  The algorithm switches Trump votes to Biden.  Neither should match.
Chicago is liberal city, try something lil spicy ;)
Yeah.......you’re wrong! I subscribe to my own truth......and yours ain’t it! Lol!
Congrats on making Waterstones top 100 list.
I'm now estimating the % of babies who watched the first minute, disliked and left.
This guy makes me want to go back and at least open a math book.
So how does this work in a area that is a Trump supporting city.  chicago is a blue (Dem) town?
Lol BS.
Great video! Tons of information and really easy to digest. Keep it up!
I saw this benfords law pop up with the election and I am so glad a mathematician actually explained it! I am informed thank you :3 !!
A better title (imho) would have been: Why do Biden's votes not ABIDE to Benford's Law?
Just an observation. Illinois isn't being questioned is it?   Have you done the same for Pensylvania? Be interesting to see those results.
Thanks.  I knew about Benford's Law but I love how you break it down.  I learned a lot.
I'm betting that the results are skewed because of gerrymandering though
Hey Matt! What happens if you analyze the data using benfords law but converting the data to base 6 or base 4 to increase the number of digits in the number?
How much does the sample size effect the accuracy of the last two digit test? Is that test more accurate the more data that you have to plot?
Why use an example that doesn't work with Benfords law? These examples don't help
What about the videos of Trumps votes being thrown out?  Could explain oart of this, although not too likely.
would it be possible to transform the data (eg. by multiplying by a constant, so it does span many orders of magnitude) and then apply benford's law and see what happens there, because it should still apply?
Me:  Saving a link to this vid to show my Trumpy friends when they try to argue their conspiracies with me. Also Me:  Who am I kidding.  They hold their conspiracies because they wouldn't understand this vid anyway.
Fantastic video, as always.  Really illustrates how math is everywhere, which so many people really don't understand.  Could you just put labels on the graphs?  It's not intuitive to see which is the number of districts and which is the number of votes when you go so fast.
Love the Maths and analysis. Could you do the same for the following: -Criminality and race.  -Single parenthood and bad life outcomes.  -IQ and life outcomes. - IQ and race.  Thank you very much. I look forwards to it.
Well presented! People will be convinced with explanations of the oddities while censoring them from talking about them only reinforces that there may be some shennanigans at play. Even on this video, I'm seeing that YouTube has decided that a disclaimer is necessary.
When the last two digits are still too big a range, you could have run the analysis on a modulo smaller than 100.  In the extreme, you could have analysed odd/even totals.  At that rate you probably don't need to worry unless a significant number of precincts returned less than 3 votes.  What is the smallest modulo that starts to display the "Trump Tower" effect, and does that match expectations based on the minimum votes returned per district?
Nice try, but when you were gathering your data did the demoncrap vote counters come out and block your access to the raw data?  Just because you have numbers doesn't make it less of a lie.  The fear I have is that the Hammer and scorecard is so slick that we will not be able to detect it use and abuse upon our very foundational institution of the vote.
He chose just Chicago precincts voting data for the rebuttal of Benford's Law, which are all similarly sized, and then used the fact that they are similarly sized to refute Benford's Law for the purposes of voting data analysis.  It was a very subtle and reasonable sounding Straw-Man argument, but a logical fallacy non the less.  From Google:  A straw man fallacy occurs when someone takes another person's argument or point, distorts it or exaggerates it in some kind of extreme way, and then attacks the extreme distortion, as if that is really the claim the first person is making.
Ok , once the Election is all counted what would happen if you took all the data from all the polling stations across the country... Then any errors/discrepancies would be magnified would they not?
The dividend thing can be explained by the fact that many people's only dividend income is from one company only - a business that they themselves own 100%. This means that they themselves decide how much their business is going to pay out in any one financial year. Most people choose a round number because it feels more normal to transfer large round figures between bank accounts than some arbitrarily specific figure.
Good illustrations. Bar chat well explained and easy to understand.
Turning epistemological uncertainty into a marketing channel with those last couple plugs...
1:50 When it’s impossible for the lead digit to be a zero.
Aggregate the data by county and you should get the magnitudes you are after.
I'll admit, i hate math, but watching this video is truly entertaining thanks to the presentation.  Or maybe self isolation finally took a toll on me.
It's so relevant a video needs to be done about how it's irrelevant. This was prompted by love of math?
Wait, but why does your book need a different cover for Americans?? 🙄
Although interesting, this video demonstrated nothing relevant to the election.
If the rule of four five and six was true how come Trump's results don't look that way?
To anybody that's gotten Humble Pi: I like reading a lot but for some reason, non-fiction books are a slog for me usually, no matter how interesting the subject. Would you say that it is still worth it to get Humble Pi for my own reading pleasure? i.e. is it written in an interesting style? I like Matt's videos but idk if it's the format or his style or what. Thanks in advance!
If media hadn't spent 4 years absolutely trashing one candidate,  lying obstructing and impeaching, maybe people would believe them. At this point anything I see on TV needs to verified by math for me to believe it. But hey even math is racist now...
i lb 3.14
let's look at Philadelphia
Aussie or English... it’s hard to tell?
im love numbers...
Isn't this more of a poisson distribution at 8:50?
You chose Chicago as the example?! That is a city in which cheating is not necessary. Hell a state in which cheating is not necessary for Biden to win it. Why would they spare efforts to do so in a blue state. All you are doing is casting doubt on the effectiveness of the Benford's law using numbers from a city that will not necessarily reflect the inconsistencies. Why don't you try doing the same in Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, or Georgia? These are the states in which they did not allow people to supervise the count, software malfunctions, states were counting stopped mysteriously at 11:00 pm and started back up at 4:30 am. You are digging for oil in the wrong hole!
I feel that after the 2016 election, many data tools need to re-evaluate how they look at the data, because this is the 2nd election where the data's been way off (mainly because it keeps ignoring the silent voter and in turn, makes whatever numbers there are iffy).
When I saw in the early morning of November  4th that suddenly 86% votes in Wisconsin went to Biden, and also similar situations happened to other a few swing states (in the time most people were sleeping), I thought it was too obvious statistically not making any senses.
Check it for your own sanity, integrity and don't forget a bit of fun
Anyone here after Viva Frei and Robert Barnes live stream?
When you were checking the old tax data, I was expecting you would check wages or AGI.  Could you tell me if those followed a Benford distribution?
A comment for engagement
that red anomaly (aka Trump tower) is the American people pissed!!! That is the red wave. didnt figure that into your calculations did you? Trump 2020.
He didn't take into account the voting machine software subroutine made famous by Clint Curtis.
And Epstein didn't kill him self!
I'm confused slightly.  From my understanding dominion uses an algorithm to change votes based on percentage.  If someone's votes were being switched at a certain percentage wouldn't it reflect as the "Trump tower"?
Wanker
Awesome video.
Every video I watch of you gets me so excited about math again and this video doesn't fall short! Great watch Matt!
Thank you
Also I see the Batson curve  appeared in 2020 USA elections in the State of Michigan
Given that Trump got so many two digit vote totals, why look at the last two digits rather than just the last digit? Unless I misunderstood, looking at the last digit was your idea and not part of the analysis you had come across on the web.
Use that hype. Big brain youtoob
I would assume the numbers of uses of Bidens law in media each day does also not follow Benfords law.
Commenting to boost the Bill Clinton tempo. Wait that's wrong. It's to boost the Al Gore rhythm.
Finally somebody talks about this! They tried to use this during the last election to prove Russian collision and it just didn’t work
All you have proven is that Trump votes were thrown away. Given the fact that Chicago is a owned and operated by the Democratic party, I wonder who could have done that?
"You won't find a Benford distribution with this data."  Trump: Has Benford distribution
Interesting
So basically what you're saying is that math and statistics is just nonsense magic
That's why they want trump too concede so badly, lol
Can you do Philadelphia 🤣
They are so caught and busted, lol
You have it broken down by precincts and wards which are relatively close in sample size and don't span multiple orders of magnitude.  My question is if we looked at the data at the county level in the state of Illinois where the data would span orders of magnitude from Hardin country at 3821 to Cook county at 5,150,233 would that change how we can analyze the data.
for the two digits what about analyzing data not in base 10 but less e.g. 8 or less
Can you do this for Michigan and Wisconsin? We know Chicago isn't going Red.
This has to be the greatest video i’ve ever seen
Good analysis.  As soon as I saw that map of Chicago precincts, I knew that wasn't going to span enough orders of magnitude.  Given the polarized nature of the topic, surprised the thumbs down are not higher!  Now, if there is an analysis in favour of republicans, would you be brave enough to make a video on it?
Nobody had a clue about Bedford's law until Netflix did an original series article on it. Does anyone smell the "divide and conquer" strategy here?
What about the democracy law?
So how to explain the population graph?
Florida has a more natural appearance in the elective result, according to all presuming measures.
I always wondered, how they were batting a thousand on all those elections all the time, lol
True: While Statistics cannot prove or disprove much of anything, it can point to anomalies that can be investigated separately. Asking "Why" 5 times will give you a better understanding of Root Cause Analysis, and the the underlying factors that cause a particular event.
No, it is not fine to stop analyzing when the data suggests in your favor. It causes mass confusion, so, no, it is not probably fine.
Now do Kentucky
What about 4 am spike of 100000 plus votes all for Biden in a time comparison to the other vote total time compared , grade school terms 100000 in 4 hrs both candidates  verse 4am 100000 in 10 minute 1 candidate only.
Because there were shenanigans and everyone knows it even Biden’s supporters
Wow that was a great video, thanks
I sincerely love this, and appreciate your clarity. I want to know why 2,069 pi digits? I mean I recognize you have to stop somewhere. Still you usually have a reason for the numbers you pick. So why?
Haven’t you heard?   Math is racist.
Camp goofs with obnoxious strine intonation is one of the reasons I don’t live in Australia.
What is the point of checking Chicago?  Better to check Atlanta, Philadelphia, Clarke County, Wayne County, .........
MC Squared Press calls the election for President Trump and all running Republicans, in stark contrast to the AP who has no authority to inform the public who has  prevailed in the election. Only the Electoral College has that authority. Come on, man!
I just watched a 20 minute video about numbers.
How do you explain the pattern of Trump's distribution curve at the end of your talk? Biden's is a bell curve. Trump's is backed up against the y-axis. Even if Trump's counts are very low, shouldn't they still show a normal distribution?
Nice, i really like this topic and i'd like to learn more about it
Interesting video , but Chicago which was always going Biden . I s not perhaps the best one to go for. Has the issue seems to be those battle states and where the numbers seem to have jumped or where its suggested that all votes have gone one way , which seems unusual as you expect even only by mistake there should be some on the other side.
I was wondering if you could create a random number generator using Java and pipe that into the text file in replacement of using PI for you random number example. I would use the Random method in Java. Just was wondering.
still seems fishy. Maybe Newton's second law of motion can shed some light on this issue.
Without finishing watching the video, my guess was that this had to do with gerrymandering. And... Well, kind of. Making all the precincts a similar size in a very blue area is totes going to cause this.
Thank you for this!
You could do all this theorizing and data analysis, OR you could watch this      https://youtu.be/kK3ZM-atPss
A man has to know his limits.  Same thing for laws.
We all know trump won.
Great video :)
It’s a real shame when a scientist uses his ‘authority’ and that of science (in this case mathematics) to push a predetermined political agenda: the whole point of this video is to bolster the claim that vote count for Biden vote is legitimate. If someone wants to weigh in on this complex issue they should not be so disingenuous as to cherry pick only one city or to ignore the various other statistical methods that could be used to forensically examine the data. Nothing presented in the video is wrong; it’s just monumentally misleading. There is a huge issue out there and to dismiss claims made against the integrity of Biden’s votes in this way is just a sophisticated way of saying “nothing to see here”. Shame on you.
I really appreciate the all-math approach.
https://youtu.be/fGRzqdGycaY
I just completed a data mining class at college. I pretty interested in this topic. This vid actually goes through the math behind analysis and is a great refresher.
We gotten bring this guy to testify for biden he has the proof biden won the election
Trump needs to be fed some Humble Pi 🥧π
It's a red wave
The downvotes probably are from people that watched just the first few seconds of the video .
Yes. Something unusual was spotted, now it has to get investigated. Completely agree. No jumping to conclusions on either side.
Either the airplane window or the hotel walkway story
It's also worth noting p-hacking.  We are only shown Chicago's votes, not any of the many other US cities.  This is similar to doing an experiment 100 times and picking the the one chance outlier and claiming a significant result (when there is none, it's just artificially selected luck).
Does Benford's law have the same over all shape in the interactions between bases of numbers? e.g. in programming, the value convention is usually based on base 2, 8, or 16 but are expressed in code in base 10.
Great educational video with current events included.  Really great video.  Thank you!
I'm going to use this pinned comment to reply to the most-common questions/complaints. It'll be updated infrequently but I am trying to read everyone comments.  - WHY DID YOU ANALYSE DATA FROM CHICAGO NOT A SWING STATE? Good question. It is because the first Benford-Biden theory I was sent was based on the Chicago precinct vote totals (there's a link way down in the video description). So I analysed the same data they did. I did not choose the Chicago dataset: people claiming election fraud did. You are very welcome to analyse data from elsewhere and show us your working.  - WHY DOES TRUMPS PLOT MATCH BENFORD'S LAW? It does and it doesn't. I was going to say in the video that Trump's plot is also a bad fit for Benford: there are way too many 1s and then fewer digits from 3 up. That spike of 1s is because Trump got an overwhelming number of vote totals between 10 and 19 and so at a glance it looks like a good fit. I cut that bit though as the video was going to be as long as the election.  - SOME PEOPLE ARE CRITICAL OF THAT PAPER YOU QUOTED In terms of legitimate criticism, you are probably thinking of Walter Mebane and I have linked to their papers in the video description. But they specifically disagreed with how 'Benford's Law and the Detection of Election Fraud' (2011) treats the 'second digit' check while still agreeing that "It is widely understood that the first digits of precinct vote counts are not useful for trying to diagnose election frauds."  - A STRING OF DISJOINT WORDS AND EMOJIS I'm not sure how to constructively engage with that, but I'm glad you watched the video and wanted to get involved with the comments. I thought I did a pretty good job of being all-math-no-politics in the video but appreciate people are very passionate about these things. Other commenters: I encourage you to engage constructively wherever possible and 'down thumb' anything untoward.  - IS THAT TRAILBREAKER ON YOUR SHELF? Yes it is. It is exactly what meets the eye.
Can you help explain against that paper they put out saying Benfords law can’t be used in elections? It feels dishonest so I’d love for your take
This is too complicated for republicans,trump and his supporters to understand because it's factual. This guy will become their enemy guaranted if they were to see this. Just wait for their attacks and insults!
Interesting stuff. Thanks.
Wow this is what dims never count on facts and math
I guess cash cab wasn't paying the bills,  gotta get on that youtube money too....
whats Elect Ion data?  is it ions that choose to be positive or negatively charged?
This is why YouTube is pushing Benford’s Law videos, so we’ll think there’s nothing to see here; and there probably isn’t, in Chicago.  Elsewhere, in battleground areas, they don’t need Benford’s Law because inconsistencies are so blatantly obvious the numbers don’t get a chance to alert anyone that something needs to be looked into.
Look into "the hammer"
Could the spike at the lower end be some evidence of votes being suppressed or discarded?
So this is aggregate data and not mail-in specific? Probability of 100% for one candidate in this type of vote? Even with an aggressive targeted strategy you'd expect that less than 100% of votes
Nice video. But I think Pi has not been proven to be normal so the distribution of 2-digit numbers is not necessarily (uniformly) "random", right?
I'm glad you didn't go out of your way to bash Trump some more. Someone taking the high road for once is really refreshing
alternative right-wing titile: Bidens voters are breaking the law
Have you tried it for Philadelphia? I think that's where Giuliani claims the worst.
Very interesting video! But I have a question: Benford's law seems primarily dependent on how we record numbers rather than a feature of numbers in general. So it's built off the fact that we have a first digit 1 that shows up every time we change orders of magnitude and 9 right before we change orders of magnitude. So different ways of documenting numbers would lead to different results right? A different base than 10 would lead to a different set of percentages for each number, abolishing bases would lead to a pure random result, and changing how one documents orders of magnitude would lead to a different result. Do we know what Benford's Law looks like in Roman numerals?
This is actually a fascinating look into the way big cities lean to the left.  Biden's vote totals follow a bell curve because they are almost all within an order of magnitude of the (roughly uniform) total numbers of votes in each precinct.  That is, in a densely urban area like Chicago, there are literally no precincts that lean very far to the political right.  Trump's vote totals look a lot more like a Benford's Law curve, because they *don't* all have the same number of digits.  In the relatively balanced precincts, Trump's vote totals look like Biden's, falling within an order of magnitude of the precinct totals; but in other precincts, Trump got only a small fraction of the vote, and so his totals actually have fewer digits.  His vote totals therefore do span multiple magnitudes, where Biden's don't.  The take-home from this is that the leftward lean of the Chicago area is so overwhelming, that there are a substantial number of precincts where the GOP candidate's support is at a *lower order of magnitude* than the Dem candidate.  In American politics, that's a fairly extreme imbalance; but dense urban areas are an extreme environment.  (Even in landslide elections like 1984, it's decidedly weird for a candidate to get more than about 60% or less than about 40% of the votes in a given state; but of course states are much larger than precincts, and larger areas are going to be closer to median than smaller areas.)  If we wanted to delve deeper into the political science, we could compare each precinct's vote bias against various socio-economic factors (median age, median income, median education level, median daily commute distance, median number of pets, ...) and see what correlates.  But anyway, this explains why very large cities have such a disproportionate influence on election outcomes.  It isn't just that more people live there.  (In fact, a very large number of Americans live in smaller communities.)  It's more that the political inclinations of megacities are very markedly more liberal than anywhere else.  If this is a global phenomenon, it also explains why Europe is so much more liberal than America.  A much higher percentage of the population lives in densely urban areas.
This doesnt make sense, your saying we shouldnt expect the stats to match up with Benfords law so its not an issue that Bidens doesnt match up but then why do Trumps stats match up so well? This guy is a hack.
I think your entire explanation comes down to 6:29 through 6:40 - the votes are from Chicago.  Your argument that precincts drawn for roughly equal populations will not allow adequate Benford-required orders-of-magnitude variation is very clear; unlike naturally occurring populations of villages, towns, counties, and cities, populations of intentionally-designed precincts are not random.  That Benford cannot be applied at the most granular level of voting analysis seems inarguable.  However your aggregation of Biden votes into bins of 10 precincts is not as compelling a rejection of Benford.  You didn't explain why the aggregation into bins of 10 would not follow Benford, you argued that it doesn't follow Benford because most people voted for Biden, when the question is to determine whether or not in fact most people voted for Biden.  But since Chicago is known to be a heavily blue city we can approach the analysis with a reasonable expectation that most people *in Chicago* in fact *did* vote for Biden, which simply means you've (innocently I'm sure) subverted the argument about Benford by choosing a biased sample.  A  much more informative, and relevant, presentation would be to re-produce your explanation using data for a non-biased sample, an area not known to be Red or Blue, and to compare those results with the results you've generated from Chicago.  While current passions lead many to look to Benford as a test of truth, it's actually a test of randomness, and sometimes the truth is not random.
Thanks for the great explanation! I’m a Trump supporter and I wanted to know if Benford’s law applied to nonrandom data.
I would like to see a video on the Y2038 unix bug. Also I would like to see a smart toster fail.
The fact that he didn't campaign and clearly is on the mental decline is why people couldn't have been that excited about him.
they don't follow Benford's law because the election centers had to wait and see how many Trump votes came in so they could "find" more Biden votes.
Do you anticipate all the other states/districts that fell outside of this law to be for similar/same reason as Chicago?
Pure curiosity: Is there an explanation for why Trump's totals DO follow Benford's Law?  And do all Democratic vote totals for Chicago for all past elections follow the "Biden Curve"?
Great video Matt.
I see you over there using "they" for all third person pronouns (｡♡‿♡｡)
No Examples Of Standard Bell Curve In Other Places With Any Other Candidate?
So let's take, say, the same data but base 4 or base 5 for example. This should increase range of magnitude.
I’m curious what an analysis on an entire swing state would look like. Detroit isn’t exactly the best case study as it leans so heavily blue. Great break down if the concepts though!
Trump's going to prison soon whomp whomp
Benford's Cope?
Yea, we can just as well use the chaos to learn some math :D
Are you a descendant of Monty Python????
Now do it in a supposed 'anomylous' county
Did you try looking at the previous elections data?
The main thing is that your identity needs to be stated and negated guy. You might be a turd that´s posing as a pos, but either way their needs to be comeuppance. Now is your back against the wall?
Best start to a YouTube video ever. No stupid introduction!!
Where does this guy rank on the Case-Shiller index?
Send “feedback” to YouTube on disclaimer under video!
Thanks for this video, is really important
"Toss of a coin" = two outcomes "Toss of 5 coins" = ten outcomes  So that "toss of a coin" quote is bullshit
Check the first 2069 digits of pi.  Me: nice
Did he cover why Trump's results in Chicago appear to follow Benford's Law?  If I'm understanding his explanation of why Biden's don't, shouldn't the skew in Trump's results to double digits have a similar effect?
So the data set should be larger with a larger ability of swing. Such as Counties in each state.
That's exactly how statistics should be done. You collect data, analyze it, probably plot something, you notice something strange and instead of jumping to conclusions, you try to think what did you really measure and why it is like this.
So Benford's Law is just away to look at data when paired with others can give you reasons to investigate. Not talking about the election I just like to understand data. Also you can manipulate data by changing variables to get the outcome you want.
Do one of the actual cities in question. Like Detroit, Phily, Pittsburgh, or Las Vegas.
How about using an area where Trump should have won where it went for Biden as opposed to some Democrat flooded area that we all knew would go to a glass of water with a D on it!
Hi, non-American here. I think that the main problem here is that it is not possible for Biden to win most votes ever in history. Why? Well, currently Biden has 6.000.000 followers on facebook. Trump has 32.000.000. Obama, the most popular US president ever because of whom many people who never voted and are not interested in politics got out and voted, has 56.000.000 followers. Trump won 72.000.000 votes, the most ever one republican candidate won. Bidens win could be possible only if Trump won less votes, there is no way that he could break Obama's record. He's just not that popular. I guess some mathematician can calculate the odds.
Still not convinced that there aren’t irregularities. Investigate both Biden and Trump! We need transparency!
That was some great math you did there! Is there any way for you to calculate how half  of Americans voted to get rid of oil for higher taxes and for a crook presidential family? Is there any way to figure out if half the country would have really voted for that!?        Oh wait I just did the math no freaking way!
Parker for President!
Your accent is really hard to place. Are you from the U.K.? Because I thought your accent vacillated between UK and Australian/New Zealand.
Please look at this in other bases.
I do think you _can_ actually apply Bendford's law to elections if the size of the electorial districs ranges over some orders of magnitude. If I understand correctly, this is what's been done for Iranian election in _Benford's Law anomalies in the 2009 Iranian presidential election_ https://arxiv.org/abs/0906.2789v1 , right?
I like how you always use they/them pronouns
My intuition on why Benford’s law is valid is that we start counting from the bottom (1), and that you can fit more small things in a space than large things. We use measures that make sense for the scale of the things being measured, so our units will probably be biased to match the norm. Of course, this is all just conjecture.
How do you explain the fact that Trump's votes match Benford's law while Biden's do not.
The moral of the story. Democrats should welcome an audit. If you've got nothing to hide then all is good. Transparency is what's needed.
It's amazing how many downvotes this video got when it's clearly just strict math. extremely educational video very well done. not politically biased at all. It doesn't even come out in favor of any particular candidate. But even YouTube has put their little disclaimer on it about the election results.
Can you look at mail in vote totals for both canidates so far? Michigan and Pennsylvania look completely insane.
Really suckered me into the whole video. Damn my curiosity
He is talking bollox, and I am an engineer. This guy has a political agenda. Numbers are numbers, and you can skew to show anything in statistics., hence we always look at the workings. In Benfords law only one way to do it and this guy has not done that.
Please explain this..... "The new study shows 1.8 million excess,  or ‘ghost’ voters in 353 counties across 29 states,” said Judicial Watch.
TIL
I bet this guy is a lib
Graph axis not properly labeled, unsubbed.
To collapse your Trump Tower, I added up the results of each 5 precincts and then plotted the histogram of the last two digits. And surprise: It does not look suspicious anymore!
Instead of using Chicago, you should use PA, GA, and NV or any other flip state.  I don't think anyone questions Chicago.
Nice job. Super interesting. Some of the best content ever! For real. This is valuable stuff. Thank you.
I wonder how many people shared this video without watching it as "proof" biden broke the law.
Everyone knows if you don’t vote Biden you aren’t black. Why do you think Chicago favored Biden. They need to be told what color they are.
For anyone who wants to understand Benford's law quickly here's an explanation:  You might expect all numbers have the same probability to be the first number,  but when you go through the numbers you see why not: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 all numbers even probability, but when we continue... 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 these all have a 1 in front! Now 1 has a big lead!  When you continue the other numbers catch up a bit going through there 10x's, but at 100 we get 100 numbers starting with a 1! So 1 has a big lead again.  That's why random numbers that come from multiplication have a big bias towards 1 as a leading number, since it's more likely to be land in a range where 1 is leading the probability chart
very interesting analysis. thank you I would've liked to see if the formation you called the 'trump tower' dispersal once you only look at the very last digit? I mean I guess so, but is that to be expected?
14:15 I decided on "Barad-dur" but that works too.   Seriously though it looks like Barad-dur.
Chicago was an interesting choice given it’s history.
I heard that Benfords Law was applied to the ADDRESS of the voters, not the vote totals.
Republicans dislike this video.
So the answer would be to expand the data sets?
as Mark Twain said ..... "There's three kinds of lies.  There's lies, damned lies, and statistics!"
I have just watched this video.. or have I? Better watch it again and double check.
If it were for liberals, math would have more than two genders.
1/Xi^2 is the distribution we should expect?
Nice video of explaining Benford's Law as analysis tool. BUT, when doing any analysis, you should never just do it for one example. You should have done same Benford's Law analysis for results from past elections as well to prove that distributions are similar and then present theorem.
Ok, but Chicago was never in question. Try it again with Philadelphia, Detroit, Las Vegas, Atlanta, etc...
Proved voter fraud and helped me understand how to avoid tax fraud charges too. Bro how much I owe ?
I can just imagine *Benfords Law* becoming a buzzword for people calling out voter fraud, especially if Biden gets a confirmed win.
16:18 "sanity and integrity" don't apply to the Trump* regime.
10:12 I think too few people appreciate this normal pun
It's not the normal distribution, it's a skewed one, it's a slight positive skew but noticeable by eye. It's semantics, technically it's a type of normal distribution, but details are interesting. You can see literally all kinds of phenomena with the election data, one could easily make a whole day class exploring it.
Now do one on the consistent deviation between Trump votes and down ticket Republican votes following a linear trend with the percentage of registered Republicans in each district.
I'm a trumpie and I don't agree with your scientifically fabricated facts
Trump administration: WE DEMAND DEEPER STATISTICAL ANALYSIS AND FRAUD DETECTION! Matt Parker: 14:03 Trump administration: STOP THE ANALYSIS!
2069 Nice.
Here's one for ya. What are the odds that ten of the top eleven bellwether counties voted Trump, but he lost?
Talking about tossing a coin how can Biden receive 100,00+ votes in one lump, where tossing a coin that many times would NOT return just heads!
Matt: Anyone presenting data will probably have an agenda. And that's ok! Also Matt: My book talks about this very subject, among others. Me: And that's ok!
Trump supporters: fake maths!
Every side championing their own cause only works if both sides act IN GOOD FAITH. Republicans refuse to do that, and instead LIE CONSTANTLY, which is why this video was created in the first place.
In the case of the present crisis, it is reasonable to use statistical anomalies to get our attention, and force us to look closer. But verification of voting crimes comes through hard, direct analysis. And it looks like they have that in big digits.
What I have learned, 1+1 is not 3.
Sorry but I just think it's bullshit.  the "leading digit" of a two-element election is almost always going to be a "4" or a "5", because you are going to see vote totals like "45%" to "55%".  So the frequency graph would start off low at the 1's, rise to a peak at 4's and 5's, and then fall back down to 9.  How many elections have you ever seen where the final vote percentages looked like "14% to 86", or "19% to 81%"?  Almost never.  This seems so obvious to me that I have come to the conclusion that the people pushing this idea are either too stupid to understand this basic idea and how it can't possibly conform to this "Benford's Law", OR they are using it as a dog-whistle to indicate that in fact Trump won the election in a landslide, with all of Biden's leading digits as 1's and 2's, and all of Trump's as 9's and 8's.
Can you apply this to whole data about states where the election is still being contested? If you pick an area that’s obviously not disputed, you will get what you expect. Please remake the video with a contested area :D
"Lies, damned lies, and statistics" - especially when done without insight into the data itself or when manipulated to prove a point
Biden/Harris: WE WON!!!😅 Trump legal team: Benford's law.😁 Biden/Harris: what now?😳
ridiculous. states nothing about how many were not legitimate. Shows absolutely nothing of any real meaning whatsoever. Wonder what you sheep would have said about this if it was posted during the Al Gore bs.
Can you apply benford's law to the votes for ALL candidates on the ticket and compare them to historical data?  For instance, the amount of "people" who voted just for Biden as opposed to who voted Dem down ticket and the amount of people who voted for Trump and then voted down ticket and compare it to numbers from the past.   I bet you will come up with some very strange anomalies.  I am going with my gut intuition here, but I seriously doubt that many people vote for one candidate on a ticket.  Just a thought.
No surprise Chicago is a blue city. Would be interesting to see the data of Kenosha.
Very interesting indeed
What about the expense data you referenced ...in fact all three of the scenarios you mention from 1978?  Due to the year, the amounts of money an most cases would be relatively low. overall income being much lower in 1978 I am guessing that most of the Data points are 3 to 4 digit numbers. Your average business or salesman is not going to be declaring tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars in expenses.
Thanks for sharing!
You should do a video on voter turnout. It was over 2 SD from the norm in the country overall, and in some states it was up to 5(!) SD from the norm.
As if Trump supporters watch educational videos...
So why moreless trump and other candidate follow benford law for 3 first digits but only biden doesnt follow ? All in key states.
Video on the Mars Climate Orbiter!
Congrats on the book
Man... I hope the bias is pure innocence  In every swing state where there is precinct data for, biden clearly violates benford's law while trump and other candidates don't.   If you find that the precinct tally aren't deviating a whole lot then just use the second digit.   I think you're being intellectually dishonest quite frankly
"Parker is a regular on BBC Radio Four's Infinite Monkey Cage ..... He has also talked about maths-related topics on BBC News, Sky News, Channel4, CBBC, and occasionally writes for The Guardian." so a totally biased Leftie
Ah. But benfords law in philadelphia is AKA "Hood Law" (I can't be "racist"..... I'm Black)
So how do similar cities compare? I thought one of the issues was how different Chicago's distribution was vs other cities.
If the normal curve is appropriate,  couldn't this indicate Trump votes being discarded i.e. unnaturally low distribution of last digits?
Please change the music, please...
As a republican with concerns about the election, I appreciate a good look at the numbers that can help put to rest certain issues that aren’t genuinely issues, and helping to find out what is and isn’t a concern
Interesting, but why not compare your Chicago data that is not disputed and not in a battleground state to areas that are disputed such as Fulton County GA, Maricopa County AZ, Detroit, Milwaukee, and especially Philadelphia?
Benford’s Law might apply if each voting location had non restricted number of voters, but they don’t. There are a finite number of voters in a voting location, so magnitude doesn’t run through enough powers of 10 to produce results consistent with a Benford distribution. But by all means do give the QANON folk another thing they don’t understand to use in support of fringe extremist conspiracy theories.  I had previously thought you had a good head on your shoulders but turns out your just another example of click bait. Well done!
Try checking Pennsylvania not a area where cheating wasn’t needed.
Then why don't Trumps follow the same pattern in those areas?
What does the first digit represent? Number of votes casts?  I thought it was poorly explained, so I am still a bit uncertain.
This dunce vs Dr Shiva.... who should we believe?  Hmmmm
Why didn't you use county votes instead of district votes?
the problem with his argument for the 2020 election is both candidates had roughly a 50\50% following (46\54-48/52, depending on source and rounding).  also, the timing\frequency  of the # increases is odd.  possible-yes, probable-no.  and this is a model of probability, not a law.
This does in fact makes sense because of the spatial distribution of voters.  However you selected Chicago, which of course is not random.  If you chose Illinois, then guess what, you will get a different result, likely far closer to Benford's law.
Those look like gamma distributions to me.
How can I learn maths, sincere question 🙂
This all make e sense... For Chicago. Please do all of PA or MI by district, where you DO have the range across multiple orders of magnitude. I think choosing this example is a bit disingenuous because, as you clearly point out, Benfords Law doesn't apply here so well. So tackle a real example or two, please!  Also, what did you think of this analysis of potential vote switching within the computer systems? https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
Is that a VHS tape of Jurassic Park proudly on display, or is that a copy of the book that suspiciously looks to have the same dimensions as a VHS tape?  Or is that hypercube distorting the image?
I won plot it
Why no analysis of Trump's benford numbers?  Troubling.
What’re the numbers mason! What do they mean!
I understand the reason why Biden's votes don't follow Benford's Law, but why do Trump's votes DO?! I mean, if they have a similar amount of total votes, shouldn't Trump's votes also not follow Benford's Law?
We all know Trump won by many millions of votes.
Love your videos ! 13:20 don't write frequency here when it's not, it troubles me...
The dems are not following any law....
_this_ is why you _always_ do exploratory data analysis.
Im left wondering Wheres the good vibes reggae music?
Can someone explain why Trumps votes seem to follow Benfords Law but Bidens do not? We understand why Bidens do not, but we haven't heard why Trumps do. Wouldn't it make sense that if it is true for one it is true for the other?
(2:35) Unless you use South African numbering of dates, where the first day of the month is "01" and not just "1", then it isn't 36,1% but 32,8%.
For every one of these videos, there are two more that say Benford's law DOES show election irregularities.
Very complicated gobbledygook
Noob, full of errors
good job, hope trampists will stop crying
Parker's Distribution :)
Hmmm another one that has the complete different answer then you??? Starting to smell deep state   https://youtu.be/uLsS40CbFso
Hmmm do one for wisconsin cause this video also have a completely different answer then you....https://youtu.be/KsJDVQIRjw4
Almost every checked county follows benford's law, except a handful, and it's always Biden that deviates...
what is an Elect Ion
Let's look at the comments section to see what the experts think
I looked up your book and - "Humble Pi" #1 at Amazon in Germany. In section "Wine guides" at  (In German: Weinführer) https://www.amazon.de/gp/bestsellers/books/536862/ref=zg_b_bs_536862_1  congratulations
Kewl
so how does Benfords law apply in different base number systems. I pretty much exclusively work in base 16, would be interesting to see.
The final numbers are not in. Investigations are happening and an automatic recount is planned. This video may need a refresh if they change much. Just an FYI.
Excellent video
Uhoh, you have no idea the can of worms you have opened on yourself here.
This video is straight garbage. I bet he can find the #23 in everything.
The Hammer software, according to the pentagon is a 3% increase. Imagine that.
Sounds like a smart maths guy but don't think any lawsuit is filed using Benford's Law.
Now do Dr. Shivas' analysis.  https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
Very cool. Love math! Still the shadiest election in US history.
Fake math! Lol
Dude listen, if it looks like shizzz, smells like shizzz and tastes like shizzz, it’s f’ing shizzz!!! I’m not invested AT ALL, I don’t ‘vote’ for the lesser of two evil because your still voting for evil. Voting is nothing more than a suggestion box for slaves, democracy is two wolves and lamb deciding ‘what’s for dinner?’ Divide and Conquer is the only agenda! Nobody for president, start leading yourself!!!!!!!
I smell pilpul. The paper he keeps referring to has been refuted.
Thank you so much for this, I saw people claiming this and could not believe what kinds of straws they were grasping at.  It isn't even a complete dataset, it's a specific percent of a data set based on individual choices.
GREAT DAYS ARE AHEAD FOR US...VOTES TO BE CHANGED......ANTI TRUST IS COMING
the most interesting thing in humble pie for me was how infants and primitive tribes intuitively divide a line in half by multiplication rather than addition. That would be my choice for a video topic
Fantastic video as always Matt :)  You might want to pull the volume down on that transition music. I just switched to a new DAC, so I didn't have Loudness Equalization on. I'm not sure if that's why it stands out to me, or if it's actually too loud. IDK. I still love you <3
Applying Benford's law to the Benford distribution; 1-22.2%, 2-0%, 3-11.1%, 4-11.1%, 5-22.2%, 6-11.1%, 7-11.1%, 8-0%, 9-11.1%. ... Looks sus
it'd be interesting for you to apply Benford's law collectively to all of the states that voted majoratively Democrat rather than just the Chicago area / picking a single state with comparatively closer population numbers for each area could (for arguments sake) be seen as intentionally manipulating the stats against the Benford curve. Some states will have much smaller or larger regions of people, possibly giving Benford's law the ability to stack up against a more varied range of numbers.  People might argue that states with population distributions akin to Chicago's are numerous enough to still influence the results against Benford's law, but some other states may have disproportionate amounts of small or large areas / thereby evening out the bias from a single numerical range.
Either way it goes no one is going to have anything overturned by simply saying data breaks logic laws.
Well, how does Biden's data compare to all other elections and how closely do all other election results follow Benford's law? Nothing is impossible when it comes to the peoples, but this only has relevancy if the vast majority of elections in liberal democracies do follow it and the ones that didn't, why not? Peoples? Or something was afoot?
Hi, can you explain this: Distribution of the first digit by N=63628. 1	37312 2	2087 3	773 4	1225 5	1709 6	3435 7	4470 8	5725 9	6892  the objects are at least 2 digits.  Most 3. length: 	Lengte 1	0 2	24468 3	39106 4	53 5	1 6	0  Do you want to know the subject or do you like to guess?
The lie is there if it is Benfords law or not
Okay how then is it mathematically possible that Biden's counts don't follow Benfords law, but Trump's vote do within the same area? Shouldn't it be, that if one doesn't follow, the other one shouldn't as well?
Thank you for 1 minute shortcut. Nowadays it is very important to show direct answer supported by the scientific paper!
14:08 Anyone else see Barad-dur in the Trump Tower?
That nonsense about the “final two digits” was pure misdirection.  This data set specifically doesn’t support that kind of analysis.  Even single digit wouldn’t work.  Wrong data set.
Doesn't 0m to 1m cover all the orders of magnitude?
What about counting the digits of the percentages (or per thousands) instead of the digits of the votes?  Nice book by the way, I had fun reading it !
I don’t think Chicago or Illinois is even disputed though. I doubt anyone thought that crap hole wasn’t voting Biden.
Wiki changed their Bedford definition after this data came out. 1984?
Benford law always works unless the Democrats are running the election.  That makes sense.
Hmm this guy said the complete opposite of what you said...... weird when trump gets back in for 4 years and biden heads back to the basement dont cry too hard.  https://youtu.be/u2DRwt6RWyc
Appreciate the non-partisan look at the data.
Just spotted Japanese Transformer which looks like Trailbreaker behind Matt :O
He must make more money through YouTube than his book, because you don't need to read the book if you follow his channel.
Great video :) I'm currently juggling with a lot ot data and doing the statistics, it's my first time with over 1000 data files. Wish me luck!
Chicago is not a good test because of the small numbers as you said..... Do it in the state of Pennsylvania
Right hands up who just went scrolling through the Waterstones website to verify that it was in the top 100 paperback books...🙋🙋🙋🙋
I thought he was going to say how beneford's law wouldn't be applicable if there are multiple methods of voting and we don't know what percentage of voters (per ballot count) used each method. That "trump tower" could be in-person voters, just like bidens 4am super-surge *could* be mail-in voters.
So, Biden' vote figures don't align to the Benford curve because the data set is too narrow for Benford's law to be applied - but Trump's numbers do becuse he typically got a two-digit number of votes per precinct?
Man, your theme song is such a banger
Interesting  No election bombshells, surprise surprise
I'm sorry, I have to challenge your insinuation as incorrect due to your postulation disagreeing with your own introduction on the subject. you stated from 1 to 30 days of a month we can see benford's law, but from 1 to 100 we cannot because there is not enough data. 100>30, therefore benford's law should apply. In this case it's not the amount of votes per area that needs to be scrutinized to determine if benford's law could be applied. Instead it's time. results need to be checked on a per time basis. In this case I'd say over every hour total in the whole state. if you do that you see multiple instances of irregularities. especially at 3 and 4 am on Nov 4.this is where benford's law shows clear tampering.
What is a lead digit?  Wouldn't it be clearer to say least significant vs most significant digit?
Fascism: 1. Cult of personality. 2. Authoritarianism. 3. Racism. 4. The Big Lie. This post falls in the category of #5.
Talk about the odds of having 1380000 votes consecutively...
Not political in the slightest just straight to the facts, that's brilliant. Would you also consider doing the same models for Pennsylvania as that seems to be the most contentious state?
yeah.. im gonna check a study of Benford's law... prior to 2020 -- just to avoid complete BIAS
I agree with the conclusion of this video, yet I've done nothing to verify whether its contents are correct.
Moron
I would say that if election irregularities have occurred and evidence has shown 3 races have been found to have machine glitches that changed Trump votes to Biden leaves the maths In a situation where the data can't be trusted has the same machines are used in all swing states, 20 other states and over a thousand of the same machines used all across America. Charts and the actually results can show us that the numbers and most Trump wins in the small races were by massive percentage, bearing in mind the total flips and major gains in places where he lost big in 2016 added to the fact that the republicans have lost not one single seat in this election so far and even gained over 10 seats in the house. It's the most miraculous result in mathematical history not just Presidential lol. Trump has GAINED ALMOST 10 MILLION VOTES from 62 million in 2016 he is now on 72 million and still counting. Im BIAS ill admit but I'm also good with numbers and that guy couldn't fill a phone booth at his rallies. But they say he recieved 5 million more votes than Obama and the most any candidate has RECIEVED EVER. IM SORRY BUT AMERICA HAD ZERO EXCITEMENT FOR JOE BIDEN AMD THAT DOESN'T AMOUNT TO 76 MILLION AMERICANS BEING DESPERATE TO VOTE FOR HIM. IM SORRY LOL
I would just point out one thing. If tampering was to occur, it would screw both data sets. So for one to be random (apparently) and the other not would raise my eyebrow. Besides I think your missing the point, it’s not the strange difference between the two that most are concerned about, it’s that one jumps randomly while the other does not. We would expect in an election for votes to come in evenly, without massive jumps or dives... “glitches” as they are saying. I agree with all your math, but not it’s utility in this situation
Why Trump data, for the same area, follow Benford's distribution?
Someone using logic and statistics to disprove a false claim? DISLIKED
What does the math say about votes already tabulated disappearing from one candidate and being added to the other equally and in live time?  This was caught in real time in multiple cities in different states and never one time favors republican.   Yes, it's also been captured during the senate race coverage.   Which was why I chose to use the republican reference.   How does that calculate out as normal or expected??
Dont mind gas lighting, stand down and stand by
Lessons learned from this video: Use Benford's law to detect weird data results and then research why the results are the way they are to find out if anything is wrong. Context people, context matters
This only pertains to Chicago.
Thanks for courage in making this video. Fascists owned by facts and science once again? Raise hand who is surprised. Still, it's sad to see so many brainwashed idiots downvoting...
What u have failed to look at is: -All Trump data across all states fit Benford's law. -All Biden data fits Benford's law except in the contested states. The law works fine everywhere and for Trump, but doesn't work for Biden... so your claim that we should not see Benford's law for the first 2 digit is wrong.
So someone, when counting votes, faked the last two digits of the number of votes in every voting place when counting Donald's votes? Because it looks like mumber of votes for Trump got reduced from XYZ to X(0, 1, 2)(0, 1, 2)... Right?
Failed to mention the fact that those counting Biden  votes counted Trump votes, the similarity between and landing on the same vote total for Trump in multiple Democrat precincts actually where the suspicion is found.. His own hypothesis of non variance is applicable Biden’s number can be all over the place but Trumps stay constant? Not likely
Problematic for the fraudsters.
If we can know anything, it’s that this video didn’t “randomly” show up in anyone’s feed. It was placed.   At least it’s an unbiased evaluation of data.
This guy will fail in Math
13:20 Matt: i decided to compare it to the first 2069 digits Me: there must be a spike at 69 in random numbers chosen by people
Today is the 11! What are the chances?
any chance we can get subtitles on this video?
As someone who doesn't understand math, I have no idea what this guy is talking about but I do enjoy his facial expressions and  just wanted to see what this Benford's Law is all about with regard to the 2020 US elections.
Another soy boy apologist, it is statistically impossible to explain the vote dumps in  democrat cities all for 1 camdidate not replicated anywhere ielse n the states involved or the nation as a whole Context is everything. Consider yourself fact checked, you're welcome!
It's like youtube knew I was beset by right wing talking points today... anyway subbed, shared.  good stuff
Ok but why do trump's votes do follow the law?
Far too few views on this for now. I hope people will redirect a lot of discussion here.
So if supposedly someone tinkered with Donald's numbers, and he's losing there, what could that mean?
Never trust statistics that you have not manipulated yourself.
@Stand-up Maths - sold out of signed copies :-(
It's a great book!  Very fun and readable.
1 minute in, & I'm looking at those two voter curved and saying "Together, they meet Benford's law great".
How ironic that Trump's vote data looked more suspicious.
I'm guessing the dislikes are all from fans of Newcomb.
so in conclusion I spent 35 minutes and 15 seconds watching this video another 27 minutes and 36 seconds pondering over its meaning to come to the conclusion does this video means diddly-squat! That  I'm here peddling a book!
Wow, your video today is full of ads from YouTube.
Thanks. Nice to see what was actually being talked about with this, since I didn't want to enquire from any of the people going for a certain result from it.
I am not so sure. I think there are that many stupid people that believe the media and were not smart enough to down vote!
Fourier is smiling down on you!
Could you please add more x and y-axis labels to your graphs please? It is a bit difficult to understand them without them. Thank you.
Funny how "Trump Tower" looks like Barad Dúr... I have seen that comparison more than once in the last few days, but I didn't expect it to show up in a video like this. 😅
It's so nice to see a proper fair analysis of both candidates and to not know which you support at the end.
hello YT algorithm.
What if we cast all numbers to base 7 or something (500 in base 7 is already 1313 and the "order of magnitude" is defined differently)? Is there an equivalent to this theorem for other base numbers?
Bruh, the music, no
this is - such a nice numeric trip
Big D won’t like that.
8:34 "of course we're not going to get a benford distribution out of this" And yet Trump's graph does show the benford distribution. Parker logic right there.
I suspect most of the irregularities in the Trump vote curve are due to Democrats throwing out Trump votes, thus screwing up the natural distribution. The precincts with under 100 Trump votes are the most suspicious, despite the sparse number of votes.
So... there's only one true law: "There's lie, there's great lie and there's statistics" )
Hey hey....a new law invented Biden's law :))))
When you say "Biden", it is actually "anti-Trump". Biden voters don't care who they vote for unless it is Trump.
Finally proof that YouTube's like/dislike totals are fudged. Analysis of the last 2 digits shows a distinct bias to numbers ending in "k"      Mebby i should watch the video again?
Trump is about to take a dub
9:00 The number was 3, not 4,5 or 6. How is that exactly what we were looking at?
it there a way to spread out a data set artificially to make it "jump" over more orders of magnitude- so you could apply Benford's law successfully to more similar data sets?- for the analysis of any deviation you would transfer the data back to its original value though
I don’t understand why the first digit would clump around 5 for number sets that peak at about 1000. I could see, possibly, a plateau that drops off at about 5... But why wouldn’t there be more results from the 100s than the 200s, than the 300s, and so on?
Now we also have Emily Murphy's law: if somebody can be wrong, they take their time to stay wrong for as long as they can get away with.
Election 2024: We have replaced your votes with a random distribution of Pi.
Why don't us Americans get to have an airplane on the cover? :'c
Looks more like a Maxwell-Boltzman distribution to me. No idea why that should occur in this case (other than the fact that n>0 of course, which is not true for a normal distribution). Trump's look like an exponential distribution, which seem more explainable to me.
It's funny how Trump and his voters who are for the most part very anti-science suddenly discover the usefulness of math for themselves.   Not that they actually understood how it works, but hey good try.
Great video! I have a question about this technique:  Since the precincts have little overall magnitude, would breaking them into randomly-sized 'buckets' before running the test give an accurate read? In other words, if you randomly selected 4 precincts and summed them into a bucket, then randomly summed 14 precincts, then 9, then 26 (meant to be a random sequence), until all are 'bucketified', could you introduce enough magnitude to expect the rule to hold when analyzing the buckets themselves, or would that still be wrong?  Thanks to anyone who might be able to answer!
You make the point that Benfords law shows irregularities that have a prima face case to warrant an investigation.
Or just hear me out. It's a hive mind.
When I learned about Benford's law it seemed more like a suggestion than a law to me. We used other methods of calculations that seemed far better at detection. I like his way of explaining things. Oh and I used bendord's law to detect log book anomalies when I was in the trucking industry.
So in the background we see a hypercube, Jurassic Park and a Japanese transformer.  That's pretty much my ideal shelf. My esteem for Matt Parker has just increased 👍
Its obvious what the Democrats did. They spent 10 billion on this election, double the amount spent on any election, and double the Republicans. Democrats went into high population, low voter turnout areas like inner cities, and got people to mail in votes in the lead up to the election. For months during covid, the Democrat machine were collecting/organizing  Biden mail-in votes. They somehow got people who dont normally vote to mail-in vote for Biden in very high numbers. More people voted for Trump than 2016,  so the Democrats have managed to get a lot of votes from people who dont normally vote.  How they did it exactly, I dont know, maybe there was financial incentives for people who handed in mail in votes, or Democrat workers went door to door for months  with mail-in votes, either way, a very high number, an unusually high number of votes came from people who never voted before.
Who does this Benford dude think he is? The Election results need to follow “Trump’s Law.”
Very interesting, very timely and very well presented. Thank you.
.....what about the places where sudden spikes in biden count happens?
“70 percent of Trump’s vote totals were only a two digit number”. I LMAO’d on that
Nice but still does not explain why GOP observers were blocked from watching the count in many Democrat run cities.
:))
If it is okay that Biden’s totals do NOT reflect Benford’s law, shouldn’t we be concerned that the data for Trump’s votes DO reflect it, and very closely?
Gamblers: interesting.
Without watching*: I am sure, that Benford's law is not good at all for election results, since: //TLDR: Votes for winning candidate are at least 50% * 60% * number of possible voters. If number of possible voters follow Benford's law then number of votes is 0,3 * Benfod's law. So most common would be digit 3 (since most common in Benford's law is 1XXX then 0,3 *1XXX = 3 *1XX,X = 3XX,X plus  4XX,X and 5XX,X if first X is big enough, but that also depends on Benford's law for second digit). So size, size and one more time- size of the average voting district. Number of votes are directly proportional to the size of the district and cannot deviate far from it.    1. There is a real** number of potential voters, and they will cast real number of votes. You can get only a part of them. 2. To win, you need more than 50% of votes. 3. First digit will be determined by the number of votes and your % result 4. To have fist digit 1 and win, there would need to be exactly number of votes starting with 1.  5. And that depends on number of voters and how active they are. And that depends on how voting districts are divided, and that may or may not follow the Benford's law.  6. And if it does, then even worse, since the % of voters casting votes are about 60% so if you have 100 voters, you expect 60 votes- and that does not follow Benford's law. 7. So number of votes per candidate is equal to at least 50% * 60% * number of voters. So number of votes are 30% number of voters. More or less. 8. If number of voters follow Benford's law then number of votes cannot cannot follow Benford's law. 9. If number of voters does not follow Benford's law, then number of votes will follow Benford's law only if leading numbers of possible voters are 34 to 65, (to have 1) so not guaranteed.   *Some small edits made in TLDR after watching the video **Mathematically natural number, but I mean real in real life
"HEY VSAUCE, Michael here. What is random?"
As far as I know, it hasn't been conclusively proven that the digits of pi are 'drawn' from a uniform distribution in any base.
Okay Benfort's Law is wack and stuff, but have you tried Alden's Law?
are you still using excel for ploting, becouse those plots don't look like excel?
How come every crime ridden city is a democratic stronghold?
Guide to visualising the Benford Distribution with random data in a spreadsheet:  - looking at the first digit of a series of random numbers won't work, even if it's random across several orders of magnitude. That doesn't represent the reality that the potential values of the numbers are within some random range, and particular first numbers may be more common depending on the range.  - The potential values of the random range are also within some other random range, which may favour different first numbers for the random range, which may affect the outcomes for the first digit of the random number within that random range.  - So start by having a column of data that randomizes from 1 to, say, 1000000; that should be enough orders of magnitude, but this is a random number in a nonrandom range. [cell A1:] =INT(RAND()*1000000)+1 Copy the formula down a bunch of rows for many samples. Personally, I've used all 1048576 rows my version of Excel has, although it takes a little time to update the formulas.  - Then in the next column, randomize within a range up to the random value from the first column. This is a random number in a random range in a nonrandom range. If you've started your column in A1, [cell B1:] =INT(RAND()*A1)+1 Copy the formula down a bunch of rows for many samples  - Repeat across a few more columns: [cell C1:] =INT(RAND()*B1)+1 [cell D1:] =INT(RAND()*C1)+1  By the fourth column or so, this should converge to the sort of number we want, even though we started with a nonrandom range. Copy the formulas down a bunch of rows for many samples.  - Now for the random value. In fact, choosing a number randomly within our random range is the same as setting up our new random range from a previous random range; the formula doesn't change. So now we have a new column of random values. We could have used our last existing column too, but it can't hurt to randomize one more time. [cell E1:] =INT(RAND()*D1)+1 Copy the formula down a bunch of rows for many samples.  - Now let's find the first digit of each of these properly generated random numbers. We can use the LEFT function to get the first digit on the left of the number. We still want it as a number, though, and LEFT returns a string. The way to do this in my version of Excel is with NUMBERVALUE; I'm not sure that is true in all versions. [cell F1:] = NUMBERVALUE(LEFT(E1, 1)) Copy the formula down a bunch of rows for many samples.  -Now it's just a matter of finding the portion of the data that had each digit first. COUNTIF will tell you how many times each number from 1 to 9 appears as a first digit. COUNT will tell you the total of all numbers. Combining the two will give you the percentage. Just nine different formulas in 9 different cells for this one - you don't need to copy down for a bunch of rows.   [how many 1s:] =COUNTIF(F1:F[last row], 1)/COUNT(F1:F[last row]) [how many 2s:] =COUNTIF(F1:F[last row], 2)/COUNT(F1:F[last row]) etc.  - Note that this will display as the decimal value, rather than as a percentage, by default; you can format the cells to display as a percentage (or just multiply the result by 100) if this helps you.
I think we should do this for every election and verify every election is at least 99.9% legit. Why? Democracy is better than communism and freedom is nice.
Well, there's no way Trump is going to concede, which I'm extremely glad about because now we'll get to see if Benford's law worked in this case after Trump gets the SCOTUS to approve an investigation. This will be a brilliant case study.
maybe I should watch again ... thank you for the intelligent, objective analysis... reading some comments below people get it ... however at the end I'm not sure what the actual summary was in laymans terms ? ...
of course, this doesn't explain the machines "accidentally" transferring votes from trump to biden.  or the #DetroitLeaks of officials training workers to toss votes.  or injections of 100% biden votes coming in the middle of the night.  or the fact that biden couldn't get more than a handful of people at any of his rallies while trump was getting tens of thousands at his.
The range from 0 meters to 1 meter actually covers several orders of magnitude: deci-meters, centi-meters, milli-meters, etc. since it's only about the leading (non-zero) digit, it would still work. A counter-example would be how tall adults are, because almost everyone is in the range 1-2 meters, and no one is above 3 meters.
This is the greatest scam.  This is the greatest scam in the history of presidential politics. These people have gone crazy.
Benfords law didn’t work here because they used the precinct vote in Chicago only which have a small range of values. Given that, should we expect to see Benford’s law to apply if we take the votes for all counties in the states and take the first digit?
Is any of those 1978 tax records for anyone named trump?
Snazzy screen transition!
This is channel is pretty much an adaptation of the book at this point.
It’s good to see this. I had heard of benfords law but didn’t really understand it so had no idea if this was a red flag or not.
"worth doing an impartial double check first". Bless. The optimism of the lad :D
That’s the most political non-political anti-political video I’ve ever seen.
An incredibly smart and rather funny man ones wrote: "It is an important and popular fact that things are not always what they seem". It is with great sadness in my heart that I feel I must inform you, Douglas; that even though this fact is as important as ever, it has rather failed at retaining even just a fraction of its former popularity.  I wouldn't mind a T-shirt with Douglas's phrase (from above) on it, written in bold friendly letters... and maybe followed by: “To put it simply… it’s complicated!”
If you go on Waterstone and buy the Humble Pi you will receive one copy of the book at home... or can you? Better to try and verify yourself.
a 5th remark: If these data exists: the  subsets of  votes by mail and subset of votes in person must have the same statistical results
Suppose my business sells only one product (a widget at $9.99 each) but I sell them in units, boxes of 10, cases of 100, pallets of 1000 and half-containers of 100,000. This meets the law's requirement of ranges but every single purchase would start with a 9. As you say, the devil is in the details. My favorite quote was from a friend of mine who told his (very smart) kid:  "Remember, son, always question authority." "Why, Dad?"
17:42. Ah the self promotion! Love it!
couldn't watch it past 2mins.... my head hurts
Does the *population* (size) of each precinct follow the Benford's law (or in other words: do votes total follow the Benford's law)?
Guessing: population of the states?
So why do the other presidential candidates, and the senators, and representatives that were also on ballot all follow Benford's Law, and it is solely Biden that violates it? Which means that the Democratic candidates who would also be voted for by the same people that vote for Biden also follow it. They should almost be identical to Biden, and they aren't.
This entire video is a strawman. You are misrepresenting how to use Benford’s Law and then debunking the misrepresentation.   You shouldn’t use it for wards and precincts. You should combine the data into counties in order to get meaningful results.
One additional point to be made: even if these distributions were expected to be followed closely based on the sampling conditions, it's still sampling. There are many clusters of precincts that could all be analyzed, for example there are about 300 cities in the US with a population of over 100,000. So even if the p-value for our sample compared to Benford's Law was 5%, we'd still expect about 15 medium sized or larger cities have as much variation as we see here. That means that someone who was not being genuine with their research could run the numbers on all such cities and pick out the one that looks the furthest from the distribution to make their point. We are only seeing this claim made about Chicago, which doesn't hold much weight when the entire country is voting.
You said the explanation for the odd behavior of the data in Chicago is explained by saying you are looking at the data itself. “The data look this way because the data look this way” seems to be a kind of circular logic, isn’t it?
13:19 Using only one example could be misleading. I was expecting more comparisons, like, the same 2069 pairs of digits from "e" (Euler's number) just to triple check :D
So if voter suppression is taken into account (where state legislatures take steps to make it difficult for citizens of of a certain party to vote) can that be statistically detected by looking at the  voting districts votes vs  voting age population?
Yeah yeah, i'll buy your book! Thank you for this fastastic videos and content!
So ignore Benford's law and tell me, what is the probability that Joe Biden would outperform Hillary Clinton against Donald Trump by 45% in Gwinnett County, GA.  Is that even reasonable?  There's no way.  Especially when Joe Biden couldn't out perform Hillary Clinton in so many other places.
Did 2016 election result pass Benford's law?
Pseudomathematics often contain a great amount of mathematical fallacies, whose executions are tied to elements of deceit rather than genuine, unsuccessful attempts at tackling a problem.
did someone start learning matplotlib? :)
Every other candidate followed benfords law and it happened in multiple areas for Biden. I am interested in seeing if this was the case in the 2016, 2012 and 2008 elections especially with Obama in Chicago. Everything I see as of now Biden’s votes have experienced every error or anomaly possible in their favor.
label the axes, please
I wonder what happens if you take the results of all Illinois ballot box and not just from Chicago, I'm afraid that Chicago's alone will not represent the diversity of voters.
Good explanation but poor application. Example used, Chicago was not one of the swing states where irregular vote counting occurred.  Informative, but would have been better if more contentious states were analysed.
In Europe, they use Benford's Law as a red flag detector in elections.
add closed captions to your videos
Even though it is obviously Chicago which is predominantly Democratic there are obviously going to be areas of the city in which people reside and thus vote in specific precincts which are enclaves of Trump supporters. Those precincts are the likely candidate for an explanation why there were specific precincts with such a HUGE spike in comparison to the rest of the precincts. So just check those precincts in question and if its "Hoity Toity Richey Hill" it will make sense.
Great applied science.
This was great, thanks
On what languages has The Humble Pi Been translated into?
Hey Matt, heads up but you are probably gonna get interrogated by so many internet detectives that you probably will have to make a 2nd vid to answer all the comments.  But imo,  this video was not a Parker Square, and very well explained!
How come you don't have an Australian accent?  Did it just mold into a British accent when you moved to the UK.
I can't comment my methodology. YouTube deletes my comment. Oh well.
I have a 4th remark : I think the  % of voters should have a normal distribution: can you examine this?
Will rebasing the counts from base 10 to something much lower make Benford's law more applicable? If, for instance we used base 5 or lower, then the spread in orders of magnitude between 39 and 1655 votes increases considerably. Clearly we'd need to calculate a new curve from something like the population data,  but should it yield a more meaning result for this data?
Well done!!! Very interesting!
25,000 simultaneous nursing home residents can’t be wrong. Go Blue!
Of course this is recommended video because it tries to explain away the Benford's Law issue found for Biden. The things it though, this video is ONLY explaining this data. Don't interpret this to apply to all other examples. This is why one needs to analyze every example.
Do Wisconson and Michigan :)
Can you do Milwaukee or Philadelphia? I don’t see anyone saying Chicago’s results are in dispute.
Congratulations Matt! You deserve it! Awesome video as always :D
Could you do this on Philly and Pittsburgh?As their is no point in doing Chicago as its obvious that their is no point in frauding in Chicago as it has zero chance of influencing the election.You might as well use Alaska as an example .Their is zero chance in reality of illinois going red or Alaska going blue.The video was enjoyable all the same but using the example of Chicago is like understanding complex maths but not being able to count from one to ten!
Thank you, USA for showing what the real democracy is, From Russia with hellish laughter.
Phew, not taking sides. Much relieved.
the most gracefully concluded clickbait-titled video i've seen by far.
when i see that Trump tower, I can't help feeling there's another one somewhere in Mordor
Will you please apply Benford's Law to the 2008 and 2016 ELECTIONS sand show us those results??????
I think the 0-2 m vs 1-2 m examples were reversed. Of course 100% will start with 1 between 100-200 cm. However 1, 2, .. 10, 11, .. 20, .. 100, .. would be roughly 60%
Somewhere a Trump supporter just melted.
Let's see historic U.S. election data... charts by state, not single county precincts. Your nod to last digit number randomization can be manipulated more easily than Benford's Law.
Can you get rid of the white background in graphs please, hurts my eyes
No one is using it as prof they are only pointing out incongruences. This is just one of many pointers. I mean whats the likelyhood that in a 10 million populance not a single Trump voter use mailin voting for example? Also proofs nothing but pointers add up.
Using math to prove that Biden might not have cheaten. I've lost my faith in math. 😖😢
Benford's law works with sequences because before you get to the 9s you must go through all the 8s, before you get to the 2s, you must go through all the 1s. A little logic shows that with house numbers for example there must be more 1s and any other number, and the more numbers there are, the better it works.
Why so many dislikes this video was kinda lit doe
Thank you for this educational video... unfortunately, for every one of these, there are ten more misleading ones out there on Youtube. I just stumbled across a couple videos that fall into exactly the fallacies that you point out, but the comments on those are painfully unaware.
Milwaukee county, Wisconsin, has 478 wards with an average of 945 votes and a standard deviation of 594.  64% of all wards fall within the 100-1000 vote range.  Bidens curve in Milwaukee deviates even more than in Detroit despite Milwaukee having a more applicable data set.
Well, wye we have in some places a turn out of 96-107% thats impossible
Considering that Binary is somewhat more explosive than Decimal in terms of number of digits, could one convert the data into Binary and apply a modified Benford's law - same principle, but obviously as there are only 2 options for the first two digits (10 and 11)  so one would have to look at a greater number of digits?
13:20 Come on Matt. Pi digits are not random. They may be uniformly distributed, but they sure as hell are not random.
I can't believe I just wasted 17mins of my life which I will never get back.
good vidya
it would seem that these votes turned out to be a Parker smoking gun :D
Trying to get us to buy the book? Well my girlfriend is getting it for Christmas.
I think it's funny how the us election shows up for this
Benford's Law sounds bullshit from start to finish. "Oh, it's almost but never accurate. And when it's not, it's right anyway".  Like Moore's law, which is not a law but a declaration of intent, and Murphy's Law who is a joke or a sets of rule to minimise risks.
Hey, the PCR test is higly inaccurate (up to 50%) and even its inventor stated that it is not to be used for diagnostic purposes, but that doesn't stop the more totalitarian-leaning governments from calling medically unjustified lockdowns left right and centre...
Looks binomial too.
But Trump good. Biden bad. You bad Matt! Matt bad! Trump good!
Just so everyone knows I have a signed copy of Humble Pi :D love u mister Matt
Why would I elect ion data? All they ever do is charge up the debate. Really not helpful, at all!
lmao, so how do we explain a +5.5 sigma (standard deviation) in voting nonagenarians (90 year olds) during what has been termed, a plague? I think it’s time to apply Occam’s Razor.
What an emotional rollercoaster. I don't know what to believe now.
10:07 "The paper describes this exact situation and says how normal it is."  Ha.. Normal
A video regarding the election that doesnt shove an agenda down my throat just rationale. Lovely.
Change base and you get a larger range of magnitudes and it still holds true that Biden is way off.
Mr. Mathman, why not try swing states?
so how come Trumps data isnt the same kind of distribution from the same place at the same time?
Ok, now do Arizona, Nevada, Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Georgia.
So if Trump got more votes, he might have won?
Illinois was for Trump
Did you look other states or other countys?
Would you mind doing this analysis NOT on Chicago, but on actually contested major democrat-controlled cities in the battleground states?
My wee son in law sent me 😂😂 he's awful smart.
Why don't you show the Trump data as compared to the Biden data? Disingenuous at best...
14:55 you basically suggest Trump votes were unusually low... which should be looked into.   It's interesting... because I haven't seen a trash bin full of Biden votes.
Waterstones? Sounds like a fake name for a fake publisher with a fake website. :-P
Good video, Math's explained in a great way
Can someone show me where Trump violates benford? If it was this normal, we should see his votes also contradict. Please show me this information I want to see it for real. not trolling just want to see it
"3141 counties"  hehe
this video will be played in a court. hi judge
What software do you use to plot data?
Noone really cares about Chicago. It is about the other cities.
This is an interesting topic
Well isnt that what there asking for and investigation into the allagations
Great video but it is all very well for a mathematician to advise checking this sort of stuff out yourself.
It's only double checking if you check twice, kids - otherwise, it's just 'checking'.
En latino america es normal las trampas en las elecciones, nosotros sabemos cuando una elección a sido  robada, esta  tiene  todas  las características  de fraude,   Biden hizo trampa.
All socks makes a pair if you only got one type of sucks.
Why a different cover I the US version?
Great video! One question comes to mind, however. If Benford's Law can only be seen in data sets where the log of the numbers is uniformly distributed (and not the actual numbers themselves) then why do we see such a strong adherence to the pattern in the data from the IRS? In other words, why is the tax information log-uniformly distributed?
Guess what... accounting votes is still accounting. Don't confuse the issue.
Really  bad timing for this film. Some idiot would claim there is no problem with this election because some British Mathematician said that Bedford's law is bad.  There are other problems that demand in depth analysis. And You are just took one side, I do not claim is it bad or good side. You just shouldn't do that it's bad for views, or you did it for views.
So why does the Trump vote count follow Benford's Law. If Biden consistently gets vote counts with 3 digit numbers and the counties are all roughly the same size then Trump's totals should be limited in range too?
I like your lighting! Simple but effective! 😀👍
PIE OFF !!!
You got me twice in this video!
SERIOUSLY! I only lasted to 1.43. How hard is it to count the old fashion way? Why the confusion???🙄
Congratulations on the top 100 of 2020 Matt!
That's not a Trump's tower, that's Sauron's Tower ! ;)
Lots of harmonics and Fouriers analysis ...
Good example of data that follows Benford's Law: height of people in metres Good example of data that does NOT follow Benford'sLaw: height of people in feet.
Nullius en verba. all the way. loved it.
I got it.  You're taking the piss ...
CNN TV during election night was recorded. There you saw suddenly flipovers from votes! They call it caught on camera! But...truth over facts - Joe Biden
Interesting because the rest of thr candidates in the ballot followed Benford's Law except Biden...hmmmm
What the meaning of life, mate? 42 ???
Matt, you should be a permanent member of SAGE - come to think of it, you should replace Dominic Cummings as I think you would inform the PM so that he really understands the world that is evolving around us.
Does that "Trump tower" remind anybody else of the Two Towers from Lord of the Rings?  No? Just me?  'kay then.
Stop with the f****** pronoun abuse, Matt.
Do it for the last digit only,  So that benfords law can be applied more legitimately.
Would love to hear the story behind the different book covers. Is it a 9/11 thing? Did you always plan on releasing the books that way or did you run into issues before changing it for the US?
CAN YOU READ my palm?
The books on the shelves behind you look SO LONELY !!!
Why didn't you explain why trumps data follow Benford's Law? I expect the reason is he has low number of votes but it should have been mentioned and checked.
Probability never happens ...
Once more it's almost as if academic papers know more than internet experts... funny that
Hey Maestro !!! What is -0 factorial?
I've been waiting for someone to apply this to the election. Good job!
My first maths class 😃
If you do this in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Georgia it still doesn't match Benford's Law! Where precincts have very different sizes!
Just look at the coronavirus data on Worldometer. There are a bunch of countries that have 1 million cases and change, 100k and change, 10k + change, etc.. and then there's everything else   But yes for all the talk of Benford's law online recently it is important to remind people that it only applies when the data spans multiple orders of magnitude, which many people will probably miss if they just learned about Benford's law 48 hours ago on social media... lol
Is that a VHS of Jurassic Park?
So this only proves that the numbers aren't arbitrary given. I think most frauds would not even show up when analyzed with Benford's law because you wouldn't be done just with adding numbers from top of your head.
Nobody expected trump to win chicago... do this with michigan...
You are speaking rubbish because you understand just a very tiny bit of forensic analysis and nothing about what comes after. Benford's law is only good for very large datasets, it can indicate corrupt data or something wrong with that data requiring further investigation and analysis. This gives forensics a guide to further break down the data using other tools (and yes they won't tell you what tools nor will I) which is exactly what Trump's legal team is doing. The next stage is to hand the findings to legal investigators who again use criminal detection methods (based on maths) as well as election trends, data and statistics which use different algorithms but again prove election anomalies and the evidence is presented to court. This is way beyond your understanding and your salary level I am sorry to say though I am sure you write good books but politics and criminal investigation is not your forte :-)
I was in   Boston MA   for my Ph.D. when they opened a Waterstone's bookstore. It was wonderful. It was huge. It was in a beautiful old building, whose exterior stone was structural.
want benfords law broken in most of the swing states?
This is genuinely interesting. A very refreshing perspective rn. I do wish you picked a miss disputed state though. I do understand why you didn't. Even florida or something. Just a thought
This analysis is incomplete. A true test would be to compare the benfords curve for chicago he shows here with the results in other states. If that is different then that is something suspicious to investigate further
So, Benford's law doesn't solve hypocrisy.
Nice video. I'd be interested to see some analysis of results in contested states.
as if politics was maths... don't be a absurd.
Were there "glitched' in the Chicago presents, and if there were, did you adjust it in these calculations?
I enjoyed this but would have liked to see  other elections to get a control baseline
Let's be honest: most people invoking Benford's Law don't understand Benford's Law. They are using it because it is an argument that supports what they want to believe (ie confirmation bias), even if the argument itself is flawed.  People do this all the time, including you if you are reading this comment. Very easy to spot when someone you disagree with does it, very hard to notice yourself doing it. We should all be a little bit more mentally disciplined about this kind of thing.
Trump tower looking eerily similar to the tower of Isengard...
'...misleading at worst' no wonder Trump supporters are jumping on it
Bit pointless doing it for a non controversial state.
The Republicans using Benford's law as evidence have failed to consider the simple fact that two populations exist, and will waste massive amounts of legal funds to discover that densely-populated regions of America overwhelmingly vote Democrat.
there is an obvious Anomaly in No Show Joe's Trajectory. Especially when you take in consideration reports of Democrats underperforming in early voting. At the same time Democrats were dominating early voting in Florida according to POLITICO, Stating "For the first time ever at this stage of a general election, Democrats here are outvoting Republicans" But Election night, Republicans, including President Trump dominated Florida and was called relatively early . .
Is this going to be a long story?
you can make a fool clever thanks for teaching the CCCP members
i really think a plane on the cover would make the book way more noticable in the usa
First they fed me Branford's law, now this video. YouTube propaganda algorithms are disgusting
I had to pause the video for a bit because I had to laugh so hard when the info came up, that in 400 of the districts Trump got less than 20 votes out of an average voter population of around 500 xD
So why do the first digits of Trump's totals follow Benford's? Is that because they do span several orders of magnitude?
What would be a more definitive disproof of the application of Benford's how Clinton's distribution looked in 2016.
Yeah I get what you mean. Spikes in data are also often for reasons too, I mean random fluctuations can and do occur, but they're to be expected. Given 50 billion flips of a coin, it's expected that you'd have a run or two where it turns up heads 1000 times, and inversely the same for tails. The world is plenty random but it's self explanatory in the fact that randomness seems to be an illusion. Quantum fluctuations in reality happen all the time. But ironically they're only "random." because we're ignorant. If you could view all possible variations of everything all at once then there would be NO randomness. Just data that explains it all but lols, sadly humans don't actually have access to that kind of 10-dimensional world view where we can see all possible realities at once so we have to investigate and find out why things are the way they are for our one and only known reality. Lols till we invent an infinite improbability drive. Hahahahahahaha :D
Interesting way to make people be shocked, proved folly for being shocked, and then make them question other assumptions.
One of my favorite parts of the book was the mcdonalds choice menu calculations and just how far away they were while still claiming they were correct, so that would be a fun topic to include in a video, although the whole book is filled with interesting stories so honestly there are plenty of examples that would work well.
Please review Dr. Shiva PHD MIT analysis of Michigan election results https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
Why Chicago? Why not do it for 1 of the states affected?
Wikipedia changed that definition yesterday and locked edits.  Let that sink in.  Go ahead and check the edit date.
Dr. Shiva PHD MIT analysis of Michigan election vote https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
Is this guy related to Michael Palin?
Does the "law" hold up with other elections? First time hearing about it so I was just wondering is all. You know question everything. Of course I'm commenting half way thru the video.
There are a few other statistical "anomalies" that have been alleged. Could you also go over those as well? :)
before i watch this, u need a disclosure at the start, are u a lefty ? :)
I thought this 'anomaly' wasn't exclusive to Chicago. (Does Chicago even matter?, asking for a friend😉). Although you could always use a random number generator. 🤔
There's a huge difference between putting your best foot forward versus blatantly lying...
It's not Benford's law, it's the thing, you know the thing, come on man!
God created everything. You suddenly give an OPINION LIKE DARWIN  and believe it's TRUE. TRY and prove TRUTH Though an opinion. Many Fools over the years years believing they know, have died. It's appointed unto man once to die, and after that, the judgment. If you don't know God's LAWS then    you will experience it when HIS Wrath in hell hits you. Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and you shall be saved from God's wrath on sin.
5:05 Those spikes might also be explained by people tending to own shares in bundles of certain sizes. A hundred shares of Company A or a thousand of Company B, so the income comes in multiples of powers of 10. Keeping share bundles in minimum sizes used to be a thing back in the day of physical registers (books) of ownership. Much less so now in the age of electronic share registers.
Why check 1 city? You would check a swing State which has many different sizes of districts
Firstly, Benford's Law isn't weird: it is mathematically perfectly rational! When Milwaukee was being touted as a problem election result, I ran Benford on the REVISED, corrected, data from there. Bendord said slightly iffy in the same way that Chicago looks iffy but less extreme. Then I looked at the results of the entire country at the County level and found the results matched Benford and I used Chi Squared to verify the results. I should say, Alaska and Washington DC results were not made available at that time. Also, the description of orders of magnitude left me puzzling as Benford is scale agnostic and mesuring things less than a metre can easily provide 1, 2, 3, n digits; eg, 0.5648395 metres!
Bought the book a few months ago, absolutely loved it. I couldn't possibly choose only 1 of the stories for you to do a video on
Damn it Matt !!!! I'm a Trump supporter who came here to acquire more "ammo" for my side of the argument and after watching the entire video, the only thing I came away with was a better understanding of Benford's Law and statistics in general. How dare you sucker me in with the promise of propaganda, only to leave better informed.     In all seriousness, Thanks for the info. I'll be reciting quite a lot of this tomorrow at work.
Potato for Potus? Doesn't even match up with Murphy's law, maybe Pedo law
How about a video on the bridge and sea level calculations which I included as my favourite error in my review of your book on my blog https://bookramblings.blog/2020/10/28/humble-pi-matt-parker/
Make a video of Benford’s law for votes in Philadelphia for the election.
Ion/Data 2024
Using Benford's Law without understanding the application of it is an example of Sturgeon's Law!
Can you do a video on the counting machine anomalies to show how and when votes were flipped from one side to the other?
So let's extrapolate a little.  If the majority of vote counts were 3 digits, then we're looking at count range between 100-999 per county.  Trump's Benford's Law chart was very heavy on the 1's as the first digit and drastically decreased from there, which means most of the vote counts for Trump were in the 100-199 range per county.  The "Tump Tower" chart shows that we had A LOT of counts that were around the 110-120 range.    If Trump was cheating, wouldn't the goal be to have a higher count in the 170-190 range to capitalize on more votes per county (and actually win) versus the low digits?  The logic would be akin to charging $179, or $189, or $199 for an item--versus the full $200--because that gives you the best bang for your buck while maintaining the illusion of being low.  But a muted and consistent 110-120 per county feels a lot more like intentional suppression.  And it indeed does look fishy.
Please analyze the data from PA and WI.
I like the lighting
The Federal Government should conduct a "Census" 6 months before a Federal Election to determine the real numbers of people allowed to vote "legally". Only those people on the "Census" will be allowed to vote "in person" in their state of residence. If they move after the "Census" they should get an absentee ballot from the state they lived in prior to the "Census".
The decimal bias in popular mathematics bothers me
Security codes on alarm systems 100% start with 1.
Wasn't this law used to show that the Greek economic data had been tampered with before they entered the Euro-zone?
You have no knowledge of human behavior. You are making money which is your motive.
There's an implicit narrative here that worth making explicit. When it comes to data analytics, the proper question to ask is: why do I have the data that I do? If you simply take your data and analyze it without considering how that data was generated (both collection methodology as well as the phenomenon you wish to understand), you will probably completely misrepresent the actual reality and fail to really understand why you had that data. I suspect this happens *a lot* in practice, especially when companies do data analytics for a myriad of reasons and often have less than stellar data collection methods, let alone failing to consider the real-world process responsible for the data and what, therefore, they should expect to see.
I didn’t hear him explain how trumps data DID follow benfords law tho ?
This guy's twitter feed is chock full of left leaning and anti-Trump rhetoric, which of course is his prerogative (do your thing), but casts his arguments in a very biased light.  Hard to take his comments at face value and not agenda driven.
It’s hard enough to fake votes to make it look like a geriatric won an election.
Because fraudsters now days are all too aware of Benford's law and have changed their tactics accordingly.  All they need to do is make sure that 1's appear 30% of the time and that the last two digits match a random distribution.
I think you would find irregularities in some states, wich would show gerrymandering has taken place...
Biden's votes do follow Benford's Law. There were 120 year olds voting for him. And a 170 year old.  A lot of the ages started with '1'
https://youtu.be/kuOMwFcnkCM this is the US Election summed up
great!  thanks
What if Banford's law is checked for example in the 6-nary system of numbers. That should give wider distribution of the first digit.
9:51 "The modal first digit for each candidate's vote will not be 1 or 2 but rather 4, 5 or 6."     Yet Biden's modal digit is 3. So how can you say that's exactly what we're looking at here?
Doesn't the tax departments use Bedford's law to catch tax cheats.....  Should watch all of the video before i comment
Matt, you had me at 'Pi'...
It's interesting to use data from one of the most corrupt cities to disprove a theory. Not the best choice mate.
So you make YT videos, you teach at universities, you do some other stage appearances, help students etc. and yet you still have time to write a book.
Whoops you said "meter" I'm out
yeah coz they threw away trumps votes. that explains the data. you can add data and remove.
oh dear ...what a waste of good time ...i calculated that much ...
Show this to Tim pool this evening
I started to watch this but then I was tempted to meet Asian singles in my area...
Benford's Law should not be used as forensic evidence, but as circumstantial.  I see so many so-called "scientists" defending the Democrats. They even say that the violent protests do not contribute to the spike of the covid19.
....because the USA is a corrupt undemocratic tyrannical Corpocracy that only has one major political party scam system that spews out 2 identical presidential candidates (usually white upper class males) for the public to choose from???
So Trump chezted
It would be interesting to see a comparison of how the blocks of votes came in swing states, and other states.
You chose to dip you toe in the mud and though you where not going to get dirty? Silly man... Now go do a comparison for previous elections in those states. This is what your work is going to be like for the next 3 months!
Ah Integrity - that's what we are trying to prove/disprove there was(in the vote) isn't it ....... just sayin' ....... ;-p
"Independent verification"...  I'll just let my friend Matt do the verification for me.
Strong Benford's Law: If you take a random positive integer, with 100% probability its first binary digit is 1.
8:34 From my perspective, you didn't make good use of Benford's Law. You're supposed to satisfy the assumptions behind it, which you do by making the bins the counties for each state. That way you get small counties with small orders of magnitude, and large counties with larger orders of magnitude. That gives the necessary variation in orders of magnitude to properly apply Benford's Law.
But why does Trump data seemingly does obey Benford's law?
There's two kinds of people in the world, those that can extrapolate data, ...
I loved everything you said until the closing comments. Putting forth you best possible argument is not the same thing as lying to promote a narrative, and one should never be used to achieve the other.
13: 16 "is that random? I decided to compare..."  So you're saying "compared to what?" I see you're a man of philosophy as well. 🙃
Watch the democrats start to bury their head in the sand.  Yeah but we won reeeeeeee
Having a high math aptitude, the anomaly of Trump's data suggests to me that votes for him were discarded. Having less votes should still give a somewhat even distribution. This clearly shows if he was getting too many votes in a precinct that they were discarded. As far as Benford's law goes, I would like to see the results if ran on the second digit alone as well as the first 2 digits. Both of those results would minimize the influence of vote volume.
https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk Try these charts on for size...
I like the style of actually trying to pull statistical shenanigans on us the viewers just to show how easy it is!
Another thing you should have pointed out is that although the shapes of the initial two charts seemed to either match Benford's law or not match it, the actual variance between the predicted values and the actual values was NOT such a good match even for the Trump data. In other words if you had done chart showing the variance, you would find both charts to be quite a long way off Benford's Law which, if we had actually expected them to match Benford's Law could simply indicate that the quantity of data is small enough that random effects are significant.
Should have really looked at more data. Only Biden defies Benford's law out of all the candidates. And curiously enough, this is the case in all of the decisive states. Irrespective of margin.
I'm sure this comment section is going to be lovely and civil.
to the people looking in the comments to save yourself time: yes, he is trying to discredit the obvious truth using induction and acting like its functioning deductively. he's good at math but horrible at epistemology.
So what you are saying is, this conspiracy goers all the way back to 2011. Got it!
I don’t agree that this behavior should not be condemned. This is a partial use of science that is engineered to look scientifically sound on purpose. You cannot expect that the average guy double checks stuff of this level of math.
We should definitely look into this!!! Count and verify every vote! Go ahead!! Truth does not fear scrutiny!!!
This guy totally does not understand Benford's law at all... how do you explain Trump's following Benford
Can you imagine Trump when he heard this - "they have this law, Benford's law, it's a great law, the best law and my votes in Chicago follow this law - I follow the law, I always follow the law. ..
So in short, a list of numbers normally distributed around 200 or 500 can't possibly also mostly start with 1.
Love this dude, maths for the win.
So you applied the law to Chicago, fine, however thats not where the controversies seem to be arising.  Try to apply it to, Philly, or Detroit, Wisconsin, Phoenix, Atlanta, Charlotte, Raleigh or any of the contested areas.
I know you are in the right here, but I just know someone is going to take this seriously without understand why they are wrong and the misinformation will spread.  I hope this isn't the case but I do respect that you give the disclaimer your point at the beginning.
I like how he s chuckling so much when he s selling out his book :D
Respectfully I think you missed the point. Nobody is claiming that there was irregularities in Illinois. So you would expect to find a normal distribution in that state. The claim is that there are specific states(swing states) where vote counting suspiciously stopped in the middle of the night of the election(Michigan, Wisconsin, Arizona, Georgia and Pennsylvania) only to resume later in the early morning with a starkly huge lead for Biden. Benford's law seems to have been violated in those specific counties/states.
My humble pi book isn’t the American copy. It’s the first one, and I live in America.
Do it for Pennsylvania or Wisconsin, not for Chicago
I voted for the Donald and I do not understand a word of what this elitist math nerd is talking about. WE WON THIS ELECTION, BY A LOT!
I like the way you spent 18 minutes explaining absolutely nothing!    😂
Love the fact that this video has an abstract. Very convenient thanks
Just an FYI, Chicago is in Cook county which is fondly referred to as "Crook" county. Politicians rule the roost and run it like the mob, probably because they're part of the mob. Wouldn't surprise me if they were throwing out Trump votes. Not that there'd be enough to matter anyway.
Benford law doesn't it work for a data that follows an exponential distribution? Biden votes seems to follow a normal distribution.
wonder what the 2000 election numbers looked like. great video by the way, although the example is very specific, it does a great job of showcasing the point.  it does make you wonder though, to people aware of these red flags, it does not seem too hard to do it in a way that would not immediately arouse suspicion in these areas.
Does Benford's law hold in other bases? Could you convert smaller number data sets to a smaller base to generate more orders of magnitude and make useful observations from that?
What about counting all digits, not just the first or last ones?
10:08 hah, how NORMAL it is. Very cheeky, Matt
Disappointed he wasn't trying to sell us the mug too.
Great video! Well done and thank you!
Always refreshing to hear it from a British accent mathematical than your stereotype Trump Supporter.
No one's surprised Crook County made Illinois electoral college points go to Biden, do Pennsylvania and Michigan, I don't have the time unfortunately..
Congrats on top 100, Matt!
Lies, bigger lies and statistics
Don't trust, verify! Good job!
Not enough data to draw any conclusion, ie a timeline on those votes would be quite useful. Trump voters tended to vote in person mostly within a short period. So that huge spike is actually not very surprising.
What if we use feet, not meters.  How bored was this guy Benford, to come up with this?  Now I have to go work on some math problems, thanks😤. Chicago always cheats, they don’t count
So if Benford’s Law shouldn’t be expected in an election, why do Trump’s votes match up with it?
Too political to be sponsored by Jane Street?
Do Pennsylvania!
Too bad he didn't apply his formulas to the huge mail-in ballot processing centers in Philadelphia & Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. I'm not sure how the numbers could be grouped, however.
And how you explain suddenly grown votes, only for least successed candidate, after night pause? Over 100 % voter rate is little bit odd too.
The truth is in everyone's face.  most voters voted single party.  Because of this, some totals in some states,,are impossible.  This is easily proven.  Not to mention anyone who stayed up and watched coverage know the truth.  This is the death of democracy  Thanks obama
I really appreciate the objectivity of this video. It is getting pretty rare to find anything covering anything with respects to politics without taking sides. Thank you for the lesson.
Your results for chicago are different to mine. Trump's is identical, my chart for Biden says 5 was the most frequent number, followed by 6 then 4. Your one says 3 4 5
Thank you!! Much appreciate the video, clarity and logic is in much high demand these days. 🤗🤗🤗
10:00 how NORMAL it is...
USA pays de la démocratie NON mais pays des génocides amérindiens, de l'esclavage, de la bombe atomique et surtout du MENSONGE et de la FRAUDE OUI
Thanks, great video 😃
Any official pdf storefront?
At Russian elections there are even more suspicious deviations on charts, where one could expect normal distribution: two "bells" and spikes at "beautiful" numbers (multiples of 5 and 10). Nobody cares of these facts.
This is one data set.  Now analyze the data from contested cities in the swings states.  When you do this... You end up several data sets with Trump's numbers consistent with Benford's law and Biden's are AGAIN all wonky.  In other words, it paints a much more substantial argument that Biden's totals are manipulated.  I don't however disagree that one set can follow a different pattern but that probability diminishes rapidly with more sets.
I'd say let's rub Trump's nose in it. Let's recount the PA votes and find out just how badly he lost!
This is to help the algorithm. This is an excellent overview of benfords law
Surely data can be made more evenly spread between orders of magnitude if you first convert them to a smaller base. Obviously not base 2 or 3 but base 4 might give benford results for data that doesn’t quite work in base 10
And last but not least: Bad losers are bad lovers! Trump loses without any doubt. But keep tinkering with excuses and conspiracy theories. Your whining doesn't make you more credible, but just ridiculous!
Someone somewhere: "Biden's votes don't follow the law!"
So glad I’m subscribed
Translation ..im a lib tool that denies reality
Interesting enough for a Subscribe. I like the orange cover best and now I’m going to have a California listen to ‘PERFORMANCE Rockin’ the Fillmore’. Thanks.
Unrelated:  > 157518 tax records from 1978 "The most reliable records are tax records." - V for Vendetta
Why do I get excited to watch this....   Thanks Mat!
Dividends also tend to be per-share and come rounded to whole cent numbers, and as people often own round-numbered large blocks of shares (especially in 1978 when incremental brokerage was super hard), so the double rounding would not be particularly surprising to emit the data you see.
You are admittedly a never-Trumper.  Sorry, don't trust you.
Things between 0 and 1 meter have an infinite amount of magnitudes .
Nooo!!!! Your giving them fuel for the fire! They’ll chop everything you say and use it as “proof” that the election is stolen blah blah for another week! Please I beg  u
Yeah, Benford law was only used initially to trigger a deep dive on the data which is starting to appear mighty suspicious. Also I've  mostly seen it used on data from PA. Chicago was a weird example. Good explanation though.
So Chicago checks out... What about the other states that are in contention?
"36% of dates start with 1" ... but they all start with a 2, Matt. Every single one of them. Have done for 20 years.
But an impartial check assumes some math knowledge. Good luck with that with the average voter.
Well this is good to know but there are quite a few other irregularities.  Whether President Trump or former Vice President Joe Biden win, I want it to be sorted out and legitimate.
When this election is settled, the eventual Víctor shouldn’t be a surprise
Great way to rub in that he lost, but he’s not going to watch this to the end :-)
Okay so the size of the precincts is the explanation for the deviation of Bidens plots for the first digit. Why then does this not apply to the Trump data for the same district?
I read the book. It's amazing, genuinely
Thank you for your explanation!  As a non-US American observing the US presidential election, I will wait for all the dusts to settle esp. the decision(s) of the legal court. Until the electoral college decides, this election is technically/legally not yet over.  For the unity of the United States of America, may the true winner take the office of the POTUS.  Lots'a love, cheers, & Mabuhay, from tropical Philippines!
can someone explain the dates one? i mean there’s about 1/3 of days in a month starting with either a 1, 2 or 3. so far there can be no greater percentage of lead numbers 1. is it just because of the months? because 4 of them start with a one?
Great explanation. Is a there something similar that explains how the vote count can switch votes between candidate A and candidate B? Or how the total vote tally can drop? It’s being called a ‘glitch’ but it seems a pretty basic algorithm to count up totals shouldn’t be subject to such ‘glitches’? Is there a mathematical explanation to do with the peculiarities of how vote tallies operate?
This was a really great video, Matt! One of the best ones you’ve done in a while :) gj
The fact that you are making this video tells you all you need to know about what the perception of the public is.  The majority of people felt their vote was defrauded and the machine has been deployed to try and explain how their eyes are lying to them.  When you apply time domains, the data gets far more interesting. Remember, kids, if voting made a difference, they wouldn't let you do it.
Would be interesting to see how the total votes compare. Do they follow a "random" distribution or are skewed to any particular number as well.
BBC seems to think it’s a good way douche nozzle
9:23 Looks more log-normal :D
Why do we have a different illustration for North America? Was someone concerned about the idea of putting a plane on the cover?
It would be interesting to see old, comparable, trusted election data
This needs to be done for more than one suspected area and applied to data from other elections for comparison. If several other elections do tend to follow Benford's law and this one doesn't then you can say you have an anomaly. However if most elections don't follow the law then you can say its normal.
Thank you for explaining this. I saw a bunch of people (seemingly out of nowhere) talking about Benford's Law and I had no idea what they were talking about.
Why doesnt trumps digit fit basically the same distribution, was it not even close in those districts?
Matt - thank you so much for this video. Have spent the last hour going through comments on other videos claiming that there are issues with the data because of Benford's Law and now I can easily articulate why Benford's Law doesn't apply to voting counts and of course I point them to this video. Well done!
This was excellent and very non partisan. Thanks for making it clear for both sides
Also important to know: voting districts here are almost all gerrymandered, which means they are created in a shape designed to maximize the chance of a win by the party that created the districts. That will provide some weird spikes.
i aM a HumBLe dAtA sCiEnTiSt
Why you don't apply the latter test to the JB data in Florida 2020 vs let's say Wisconsin 2020. Is your agenda just to popularize your books or you want to use your knowledge for a good purpose?
I’m pretty sure there are infinite orders of magnitude between 0 and 1 meter...
VIDEO CONCLUSIONS ARE 100% UNTRUE:  You do NOT need many orders of magnitude of the dataset for Benford's Law to be applied. Benford's law works in financial data and you can bet financial transactions to NOT have many orders of magnitude.
Nancy Pelosi’s Chief of Staff Is Chief Executive and Feinstein’s Husband a Major Shareholder at Dominion Ballot Counting Systems With Ties to the Clinton Foundation Flippin the votes..............
6:18  what transformer is in the background on the right side of the screen?
Unsubscribing
Excellent video. Well done. Very glad to see someone lay this out
So....verifying the data is a reasonable thing to do? 🤔🤷🏻‍♂️
@0:54 the right are saying that that quote from wikipedia was put there very, very recently.
You are completely right on your point Benford's law doesn't apply here!!!! Because the us voting system is using the actual hard copy votes. so all you have to do if there is a challenge is just recount the actual  votes that came in! it is the same principle in accounting as keeping your actual paper receipts!
No need for the Democrats to to steal an Illinois election, they already own the state. That’s why the taxes are so uh, prodigious
Saw this Bedfordshire Law claim, checked wiki and saw it was sometimes used for elections. Thought "huh, someone should look into that". So thanks for looking into that, v interesting and informative video 😀
So...  How come you have not looked at the available data for the most contested cities of the contested states to date since election day?  i.e. Pittsburgh & Philadelphia PA, and the three counties surrounding Detroit MI (Wayne, Oakland & Washtenaw) along with Kent & Muskegon MI.
Can you make a video comparing the districts throughout a whole state/the whole country, with larger vote totals would the law then apply?
Trump won Presidential elections
Great video, very well explained!
113,984 views 1,736 comments 13k likes 17 minutes long Uploaded 11/11/2020  Neat
The one bit about the random data anomaly due to some employee's breakfast made me laugh out loud. Great video.
Interesting video. Now do Michigan!
Thank you very much for your service, sir. I think you should also mention Brandolini's law from time to time: "The amount of energy needed to refute bullshit is an order of magnitude bigger than to produce it." (check it out).
not weigh  listening to
Someone makes a video about the US election and immediately your dislikes go dramatically up. (Compared to other videos on the channel) SAD! :D super interesting video :)
Can you do the same thing also for an entire state?
Great job on the explanation!
Inb4 someone calls you racist.
Benfords Law only works for numbers that start at zero
@Stand-up Maths The problem with your explanation is you are ignoring the allegation that the votes for one candidate were being switched to the other candidate due to a software glitch in the vote tabulator which received an un-audited patch on the 11th hour, that for some reason only glitched in one direction.  In that case the candidate getting votes removed would then have a suppressed distribution due to having 1/10th of their votes changed to the opposing candidate.  Try looking at the states with 6 candidates on the ticket.  Like Michigan.  The Distribution is much more telling.
What's the point in this. They have proper numbers u can see the voting lines on the websites. And biden spikes up huge.... meaning he got 180k votes without a single trump vote. That doesnt happen. During that time the staffers got sent home but people started to count and it's impossible to stamp through that many votes in that time!!!! Unless your not checking them and smashing them through the counters.
Too bad Trump and his simpletons won’t understand a word you said.
7milion arrows shooting at one target, you call it random?
Is this the same as Zipf's Law?
16:12 "It's probably worth doing a quick impartial double check first." Yes , and it's also helpful if you make sure you have at least a basic understanding of maths. So thank you for trying to educate people. Some people can't count higher than 10 without taking off their shoes, but think they can judge these kind of statistics.
Chicago isn't disputed, why not analyze Philadelphia or Detroit or the state of Pennsylvania or Michigan?
Awesome video, but if by some miracle you read this comment,  **please** turn down the volume of the transition sound effect, it doesn't have to be much but in this video it's jarringly louder than your voice and at one or two points genuinely hurt my ears
so you showed data that Pres Trump's votes in a democrats controlled city possibly showed manipulation
Can someone tell me first digit of WHAT we are talking about here? What first digit is there when discussing votes?  I'm halfway through the video and still waiting...
I saw a documentary on netflix about Benford's law. I was screaming at my screen when they kept on claiming it was kinda "magical" and no one knew how and why it worked.
Much too complicated for any supporter of agent Orange. They wouldn’t get past the title. And with that in mind, I sure wish you’d put the ‘do’ next to the ‘not’.
So trump did so bad that his data fits benford's law. And biden's results were consistent everywhere and fit a normal distribution.
Great vid
Enjoyed this video, but the thumbnail and title make for a scary combination for anyone scrolling past. If you don’t click through it just looks like trusted public figure Matt Parker throwing doubt on the election results.
Random numbers are too important to be left to chance.
Great video even as trump supporter I must say this is a fair and balanced video also great maths
You missed the most important issue registered voters in a population! Compared to past/past votes!
You should do this with Pennsylvania
You should have applied it to every election to see if it follows
Ηι matt, great video but it wasn't very clear what the X axis was sooo...
data shows a red wave
Porque en los estados donde el gobernador es demócrata se aseguró el triunfo de Biden mientras en los republicanos no se pudieron realizar fraudes
So it proves the votes are suspicious? In either case, if Trumps data doesn't fall in line something went wrong. Even with less support. But he had more support
Matt you've inspired me to learn more about math. You've done it again.
Don't take a genius to know they cheating. 2 vertical lines, for a old man who couldn't even hold a rally with over 2000 attendances. Smell like bullshit.
Cherry picking a quote dismissing it as "problematic at best" for elections informs the educated viewer to dismiss your video at 51 seconds. There is no such consensus.
Well it kinda makes sense logically it's just hard to put it into words. Let's say we have a list of cities in the U.S. between 100,000 and 10,000,000 people. It kinda makes logical sense that more cities would be in smaller brackets (e.g. cities between 100,000 and 200,000 people) than in bigger brackets (e.g. cities between 600,000 and 700,000 people) therefore data beginning with 1 is more common. Same for the 1,000,000 to 10,000,000 bracket, of course there will be more cities between 1,000,000 and 2,000,000 people than between say 4,000,000 and 5,000,000 people. I did a Benford's distribution for the actual list the results are as follows: 1 - 212 cities 2 - 53 cities 3 - 20 cities 4 - 10 cities 5 - 8 cities 6 - 9 cities 7 - 3 cities 8 - 5 cities 9 - 3 cities
I kept waiting for the "look what else I can do all night with a spreadsheet"  Excellent as always!!!
Why do you have a Japanese Trailbreaker toy in the background? Asking as a Transformers fan.
Cuz we bahd at maff/statisticks... Lol
Lol my typical breakfast on the way to work is McDonald's.  I always get either a #2 (sausage mcmuffin with egg), #4 (sausage biscuit with egg), or #6 (sausage egg and cheese mcgriddle).   #2 and #4 come out to be $6.82 after tax....   (the mcgriddle is more expensive, so the total is $7.05)
Benford's law cannot be used to catch the theft of an election but it CAN be used AID the theft of income
Thank you for this , everything has a measurable and predicated results , when cheating takes place these stats show them making stand out as  such.
First digit of what, of the vote number?
My favorite lesson from this video is that the U.S. had 1000π counties in 2000.
Truly enjoyed this video. I must come back
Now makes sense.... what a whistle blower said ... on live television that he saw some one copying votes.
They stole his elections😂
“To be totally transparent, you can verify this” No, no I can not. I’m not a mathematician, I can only calculate the first 2 digits of Pi
What about Pennsylvania?
In many court cases including election disputes and in the Enron case Benford's law has been used as strong corroborating evidence.  In the courts proving voter impropriety isn't that hard, the hard part is proving that it's significant enough to effect the outcome of the election. Many of Trump's initial cases were dismissed not because of lack of evidence (though some were) but because it wasn't significant enough to the election.  There a few reasons I can guess as to why they even bothered with those minor cases, it's just speculation but it probably was to have those judges statements as corroborating evidence for the more major cases or to throw spaghetti on the wall to see if something for some reason sticks. IMO Benford's law will definitely be used not for proof of voter impropriety but as corroborating evidence that the voter impropriety (if shown to be true) was significant enough to effect the election.
all politicians know this book: 'How to Lie with Statistics' a book written by Darrell Huff in 1954 presenting an introduction to statistics for the general reader. Not a statistician
I GUESS IRANIAN ELECTIONS AND ENRON PROFITS WERE ALSO (CONSPIRACY) THEORIES!! 🤔
This guy's agenda is nothing political: he's peddling his fantastic book!
because biden stole election
Seems strange that one candidate follows the law and the other doesn't.... Can you pick an area that is favors both candidates and analyze?
Very good analysis, so why would Twitter ban me then for just mentioning Benford's Law? Appealing decision, but that's never gonna do anything. Sigh.
Chicago was never in question. Analyse one of the contested states.
This was really nice watch. Thank you for giving us your time to make this world that much better
Why don't you get the data for the last 4 elections (2 canditades) and apply the bedfords law and check if any has a pattern like Biden's? It would be a much better comparison than what you did.
How does Benford’s law and the shown analysis technique hold up if the data sets are converted to non-base-10 systems? While you may lose horizontal resolution, a base 2, 3, 4, etc system would increase the number of orders of magnitude - not unlike choosing bin sizes in wide-spectrum Fourier analysis.
I'm  still lost!
When math is actually fun
There were never any claims about Biden votes in Chicago or Illinois. Anyone posting about Benford's Law on twitter or youtube or facebook will be banned.
I'm quite suspicious about the fact that the Waterstones Top 100 rankings don't follow Benford's Law.
I appreciate your neutral reporting of this data. Most sources would be SUPER one sided. Nice to see a TRUE neutral stance. Keep up the great videos. I love them all.
Explain where my understanding is wrong. He's taking a look at counts with 3 digits, looking at the 3rd digit, and saying they don't conform to benford's law. So that's the hundreds place and not the ones place? I was under the impression that the charts that were compared to show Biden irregularities according to the chart were using the ones place digit frequency. If that's true and he's using the hundreds place digit when the races don't go over the hundreds place in value, he may just be creating an artificial situation where Benford's law wouldn't apply. Like, I wouldn't expect Benford's law to work without roll over of the digits greater than the digit analyzed.
Could you do PA next? :)
nw try this on trumps paid taxes.. heres your data 750, 750 ;) and you said doublecheck for your sanity and dignity(I see one group of people not doing this atm)
I've been avoiding election news until the lawsuits are settled, but this looks too interesting to pass up
I'm waiting for a Trumpist to allege Matt has been manipulating pi to support his leftist agenda.
He never explained why Biden didn't follow the law but Trump did...  As a Physicist I will have to call the Bullshit law, seems like you are being manipulated...
As some asked already, I'd very much like to see the republican strongholds where the situation is reversed, which one would expect.
i iwll save you 10 mins 10:42 is the conclusion
Don’t make me watch again, but did Matt actually explain why datasets follow Benfords law?
The people who need to see this won't
Since the Chicago area isn't actually suspected of being manipulated, I would love to see this analysis done on areas in Michigan, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Georgia.
Chicago precincts have urban and dense city areas.  Urban areas would have a higher number of 1 and 2's due to the lower population of voters and high  probability of Trump (Republican votes). Populated precincts will have more numbers in the 3 and 4's due to the higher population and voter more often vote for Biden (Democrat).  The high peak is for Trump in the lower numbers makes more sense to me concerning the high percentage of Urban precincts vs  City precincts.  Biden's votes of 4 and 5's should be questioned if precincts votes exceed population of that precinct.  I.E. 3,000 voter population in precinct but 5,000 votes counted.  More 5's than 3's
Screw Biden
The answer is because they're fake. But no one is honest enough to admit it.
Totally laughable that YouTube  flags this post with an attachment saying "Robust safeguards ensure the integrity of elections".   YT has done everything it can to suppress anything negative on Biden.  It is also ironic that the democrats say things like this while at the same time opposing any law or regulation intended to ensure the integrity of the vote.  Trump won this election and when confronted with hard evidence SCOTUS will too.
It doesn't matter how many digits, your still going to have more ones because of the outliers. Some counties have 1500, so they have at least 600 1’s compared to 100 2’s. And even if 98% have 3 digits, they wouldn't have more of 2's to 9's than 1's because 1’s always are maximised and many counties might have between 100 to 200 which have a lot more 1’s. And so benford IS still more accurate for elections showing Biden's was fake. And you should think more before making a video like this.
Oh man, this is more interesting than I expected
I didn't even know that I needed to know this.
So, you are saying that the tools can be used but must be further examined to look for other causes of abnormality or reasons invalidity of the tool for the task. OK.  So, wouldn't your other analysis explain why Trump's DID fit? Also, wouldn't it be worthwhile to examine previous elections from this same area to seek out whether the results are skewed the same ways for equally researchable reasons?...just to support this one time evaluation? Somewhat like adding the digits of any number and successfully dividing that total by 3 tells you the actual number is automatically also divisible by 3?
But what about Michigan?
One city..Chicago..yeah, very scientific
Some how I think this doesn't really hold water. The idea that Biden's votes follow Benford's law. The reason I say this is that all other candidates in Chicago and Milwaukee followed Benford's law except for Biden. You also made an assumption that most people in Chicago voted for Biden.
The conspiracy theories are almost overwhelming at this point. These idiots are worse than flat earthers.
100% of all data values start with a 0.
Let's check if these data are random! Statistician: I'll use chi squared test. Matt Parker: I'll use it as an excuse to put pi in my video.
The 40 spike is because everything is 99 these days
This has been debunked by Dr. Shiva (PHD), stop spreading false information please.
gas lighting moment
So the trump deviation just indicates that the votes may have been tampered with? in either direction though yes? ie, someone could be either: a) artificially giving trump a set number of votes above what he should have got b) artificially removing votes from trump The deviation is interesting, but without further investigation it doesn’t say how/why it happened either way.
Yeah, but math is racist. So I'm gonna ignore this (even though I knew it already).
Benford's law no... Getting 135,000 votes at 4:00 a.m. with your opponent getting nothing at all... Well, that seems statistically significant.
lol, just watched  the second half....
You have to go by county. That's what everyone else has been doing.
So people really think trump is going to win when his legal team arent even lawyers😂
So you’re saying that trump lost so bad in chicago even the math couldn’t believe it
Title is misleading, this is true if you do Chicago precincts, but if you check the state counties (2nd digit) or time series (1st and 2nd digit), then Biden's votes follow Benford's Law almost perfect ... except in Pennsylvania and Georgia. I know, because I did the calculations. Note: the time series = how many votes are added each time, for each candidate. Benford's law is a great too, but people need to understand how and when to use those tools.
This guy sounds like a Remain voter
CNN Fact Check: "Mostly False",  Benford Law was created by a white supremacist
Never explained why all candidates (3rd party, etc) but Biden had normal curves in Chicago.  Same results in Milwaukee.  Miami/Dade, not won by Biden, showed normal curves for everyone, including Biden.  So if Benford's Law is not reliable for diagnosing election irregularities, why does it accurately predict number distributions in the majority of samples?
Mathematics is the greatest tool humanity ever created.
The odd spike for Trump's votes makes sense if you consider his primary voter base: folks in rural areas living in small or absent communities in otherwise large, unpopulated swaths of land. Basically, Gerrymandering at work.
Good video, thanks
Tell me what you think guys, should my lucky number be the number one for being the most common, or the number 9 for being the least common?
Sounds like a huge waste of time.
Funny how your tittle doesn't mention that. What are you trying to do, keep these idiot Trump supporters riled up? Pathetic little click bait boy.
Biden's stastics dont follow any logics or statistics becasue they are cheating.
Just bought Humble Pi in the Nook app
But Trump isn’t arguing about Chicago. What about the data from a place that is actually being disputed?  I’d like to see that analysis.
Love the Tesseract in the background 4D FTW
I wish your books were released in Brazil or that they were not so expensive in Reais :D
Reason #1248 to love Matt Parker: a nicely normalising use of gender-neutral pronouns.
50% of the time, Bedford's Law works every time
Incorrect
You're supposed to use the 2nd digit... That's what they used for investigating the venezuelan election.  https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4074108/ "Generalization to digits beyond the first" section in wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benford%27s_law You'll see the anomalies there.
Yo this was pretty fun ngl
Biden is a best choice for US! Better on the poor!That's more important than bannford's law or whatever!
I'll give you one better. How is Benford's law.
Why did you take Chicago and not one of the swing states
Not sure if you’ve done one on the Swiss cheese model of disasters and the British Airways windshield disaster yet, but that one is a fantastic story.
Google needs to be destroyed. Too much power and influence against our governments.
Also the spike for trump's votes in the precincts were on the low end of the spectrum shouldn't you see the mirror approach be the case if basically the other 50 percent of the votes were for Biden. Maybe not, but to say that 400% of trump's votes were beneath 200-500 votes per precinct is basically saying he got a low output of votes in the first place.
This was in my recommendeds: https://www.youtu.be/sf5OrthVRPA
nice cope
Interesting. Recommended as trending
So Biden cheated...k, got it
Why are you trying to convince us? We're not involved in litigation. I think you're more concerned with peoples reaction to the outcome.
This is a propaganda piece masquerading as scientific analysis.    Total waste of time.
WOW! So it turns out Trump supporters don't know how numbers work! I never would've guessed...
thank you for this
This was a good video for me to watch. Appreciated.
I'm still confused by what he mean by lead digit. Lead digit of what?
Run the numbers on total comparisons historically in Chitcago and show me them. Might look at simple % of turnout verses registered voters. Might see some massive discrepancies there. And actually the differences between Biden and Trump in the examples you used show that something is going on. Their distributions, I believe should have matched.
This was very interesting, I enjoyed it.
Trump won
So numbers are in norms but dunning krueger struck. Nice. The fact that there is benfords law is there means there is a normal distribution to complement it. Just means you put a fool in to do the work and no one bothered to double check.
Is your office on the same floor as Christopher Steales?
This video was very informative, thank you! A suggestion would be to try and use the numbers in the swing states as that is where the fishy election stuff is going on. Thanks!
wast of time
Thanks for this video, Matt. As a fellow mathematician I have spent the last couple of days trying to explain why Benford's law does not work for the US elections, with mixed results.
Great video Matt, soon informative and easy to follow. I love your work.
Now maybe you can explain how Trumps vote totals decreased, while Biden's totals increased by the same value in real time. I know there's an explanation.
So it's a bit of a Parker Benford Distribution then?  No I won't apologise.
Benfords law is why i failed maths - twice.....I linked them up with a blue line ( 1:45)
This isn't going to look good for your Cred if Late (illegal) Votes were ( I doubt) sorted out, and discounted, and if Software did switch millions of votes.  How about the statistics of 0.03% votes being rejected vs the statistical norm of 1-3%, or the likelihood that >30% of Biden votes in particular states would ONLY have a vote for Biden, but no down ballot votes, while Trump Voters only have non-down ballot voters 1% of the time? Beggers belief.
"Robust safeguards help ensure..."  Stuff it, YouTube.
TRUMP LOST!! HA HA!!
Okay Mr. Deep State. I believe everything you say. I will obey.
Dang, my precinct a bit to the north of Chicago, in Wisconsin, had a little over 3000 votes cast
So... what would the results look like in data sets where the 2 candidates' vote totals--say 50% and 48%?
Unfortunately this type of bad math also applies to bad science. Anybody can take data and make it say what they want it to say. It takes smart, unbiased and trustworthy people to verify the data to help us plebs understand why something is right or wrong.
"Of course we're not going to get a Benford distribution from this" Ok, so Biden's data fitting the normal bell curve makes perfect sense... could you theorize why Trump's numbers match the Benford curve then?
Why are the covers for North America and the rest of the world different?
I don't agree with you on the final moral, it sounds like an implication that it's fine to misuse data to push an agenda. This is why statistics is often seen as elaborate lies at best but at worst it has very bad effects on democracy. I hope that was just a joke to segue into promoting your book, because it's otherwise at odds with a very neutral video.  Otherwise, great video as always. I don't particularly have any interest in American election results, but forensic stats is something I never considered existed before and now want to hear more stories about.
You losers come up with the sickest ways to get out of a loss.  CRY CRY CRY   You lost, tuck your tails between your legs and go home.   LOSER!
I could totally tell you were British before you opened your mouth, by the sideburns... cool stuff.
Could you convert the data to a non-decimal format to get a more meaningful analysis?  For example, a system that counts up to 5 for each digit?
Why don't we just use basic 1st grade addition and count correctly? I mean 1 + 1 = 2, not 3 or say 15,000 lol
I already knew about Benford's law, but that was an amazing elaboration, especially with the tax data! Thanks Matt for providing us with entertaining educational videos!
Why did Trump's Benford analysis match Benford's law while Biden's did not, if they were both being pulled from data that, according to the paper you cite, resulted in a clump around 4, 5, and 6?
"I'm gonna call that... the Trump Tower!" After the latest Russian national "vote" in june there has also been a graph (not the last 2 digits distribution, another one, but the thing important about it is that it should follow the normal distribution). And there also was an anomaly on that graph that looked like... The Kremlin Wall! Researches dubbed it just that. Because it was a wide hump with spikes at round percentages like 85, 90 and 95 (which the graph shouldn't have had, just like the hump itself). I personally find it kinda hilarious that both the Trump Tower and the Kremlin Wall got their names used for voting data anomalies (even if the former is not actually an anomaly)
Thank you @standupmaths this is a great politically unbiased video. Love your vids you're doing amazing!!!
Pi is pair digit wise uniformly distributed sequence? Is this true?
Well this video didn’t age well
Bravo!
Loved your book, gave it to a youngster.  Love your work.  Thanks.
THIS VIDEO IN A NUTSHELL.......  https://youtu.be/iplfWUtKMzI
i'm too pretty to understand math, but this is a cool video. thank's matt
So what about going by county instead of district? This would eliminate the problem described in the video. I'd also like to know why one candidate had votes that adhered to benfords law while the other one didn't under the same set of circumstances
That was amazing! Math for the win!
CTR here we go
Can you do the same for 2019 Indian General Elections too, you may get hell load of numerical data from there I think.
Question. With the Trump deviation, using the last 2 digits, could an explanation possibly be a blowout for Trump which was surpressed by the DNC?
Trumpers btfo, time to bust out the copium boys
looks similiar to a biological decay curve.
No!     My cabbages!
stop interfering in our elections lol
Imagine getting so many votes that you turn a "statistical error" into a standard distribution curve
I would be interested in seeing Arizona. It is a historically red state and is now flipped blue. The nearly tied states should be similar in distribution, right?
You referencing just chicago but it’s the same for all swing states. The odds of this happening are very slim
love it~~
Because MATH is racist. According to the left...
Very interesting...what if you reversed and did a last digit analysis in an election....how often would a ballot count end in zero? If there was a majority ending in zero would that indicate anything? How frequently would multiples of 10 likely occur?
Benfords law doesnt account for douchebaggery with the democrats
Holy crap! Finally someone is bringing this up. Thanks for covering this side of the shenanigans
Tbh it’s very refreshing that he made an honest & unbiased video about the American election
Well. That was neato and unexpected
Hmm, no other states examined. Illinois was not a swing state either.
Actually a good point. However, there's many other anomalies and reports which fully warrant a recount and investigation, Benford's Law was just one of the weakest suggestions of all of them.
Astounding.
Matt, is the reason Trump's votes were all from 1 and 2 digits because his supporters were concentrated in certain areas of the city? Like neighborhoods that went mostly red and others that went mostly blue?
Rifling through the various data on this, it actually impresses me how CLOSELY Trump's data matches Benford's law. It could be a coincidence but it's a widespread phenomenon. My best theory is that in red counties, precincts are more likely to be similar in land area without regard to population, and in blue counties, Trump voters may span several orders of magnitude, there could be hundreds or upwards of a thousand, but they could also be a small minority of just single digits. There is a wider span of Trump voters than Biden voters, I'd be willing to say.
Check data from PA, MI, AZ, GA and WI
All of this data has me agri-grivated.
If it's not good for calculating elections, why are you doing this video? It looks like your inferring something, for a certain presidential candidate and saying his lead in the election is normal after you said that this is not good for elections, who do you really think your fooling?
bruh 2+2=5 duh gubment told me so and will smifff
I don't by into the Bedford's law being the issue as much as I do watching statistical anomalies happening not once but multiple times. like 128,000 votes coming in ALL for Biden in one state, I think it was around 180,000 in another state, and in late counting watching 4,000 to 70,000 votes coming in strictly for one candidate. even if you were to say only 1 person out of a 100 would vote for Trump, it defies all odds. take a 100 sided die, roll it 128,000 times and see if it NEVER hits a 1. then you have visual proof of a video of someone recording a 19,xxx drop in Trumps totals and Biden goes up by that exact amount on live TV. there are several other oddities that just dont work.
Enron
what is the transformer on the shelf in the background?
It just goes to show that these things can be more complicated than first appear. Still worth investigating for the sake of clearing the air. All anyone wants is to be sure either way.
Why look at Chicago and not the cities that are in the states that are in contention?
Thanks.  I, for one, needed a reality check.  But, meters?
This was amazing tbh
Cool. Now what about all of the other few dozen states, counties, cities,  etc that all show the exact same thing? Why are all of Biden's graphs not following Benford's law while all of Trump's are? Even in places where Trump was in the lead?
But it's not okay for each party to push data supporting their agenda if they're acting in bad faith. I agree though, independent analysis is the key to knowing the difference.
So basically, we can use Benford’s law to determine that Chicago is a Democrat stronghold.   But I am more interested in what the Transformer in your background is.
2:11 nobody asks “how is benford’s law?” 😔
This is a great explanation. Thank you.   Now, can you analyze the votes for a state that is being disputed?
Civil War.
everybody using that quote from a single paper, while there's dozens of others that directly refute it so big ol shrug
In essence, you're saying there was a collective effort to dispose of Trumps votes in over half of the districts. Otherwise why would both graphs, in regard to the Trump votes, be abnormally screwed to lower digits in contrast to Biden votes, which seemed to have an expected trend.
Hey you should do this with other areas!
The video was great but you used a horrible example. Showing the cities in question would have been more illuminating.
You're using Chicago data, the politics there are synonymous with corruption.
Can you do past election's
So... you're a Biden supporter.
Have you looked at Philly ?
Perfect timing. Came here from Tim Pool’s stream and I’ve been looking for information on this very topic.
Why didn't he use a City/State that actually matters in the election? Also if he is correct then in Trump Country with a decent sized population one should notice the same abnormality we see in so many of the state Biden won.
π isn't necessarily random, the normality of π is only conjectured.
This is crazy!
So lets investigate it lul
Very glad you did the legwork here, because I knew this was roughly the analysis I needed to do to debunk these claims that there was “IRREFUTABLE STATISTICAL EVIDENCE” that Biden stole the election, but I just didn’t have the energy because, well, these people don’t care about facts, so why bother?
You should only count the legal Pi digits, if you count the illegal ones, they can steal Pi from you.
Great video, super educational
I wonder how the distribution of digit pairs in pi compares to the vastly superior distribution of digit pairs in tau.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Talk:Benford%27s_law#Benford,_QAnon,_and_the_2020_election
...there was no explanation about why Biden's votes don't conform while Trump's do though...
Do the numbers of the quantities of each first digit in a set of benfords law data also follow benfords law?
it's not sus, it's normal!
8:35 "...of course we're not going to get a Benford distribution out of this."  And yet Trump's results, which fell into a very similar range, did? I have no issue with the video's overarching message, and obviously it's less profitable for you to make a much lengthier video that wouldn't get released until after the initial interest in Benford's Law has dwindled, but I disliked how the script was written such that it continually required asterisks, clarifications or explanatory tangents which were not present.
A good way to spot something anomalous. And then you see if there is a legitimate reason for it being anomalous.
So there are 2 minds of this and can be summed up with several papers I've read. You choose to believe the first that came out.
Very interesting! How about doing this type of analysis on one of the disputed states like PA Arizona etc?
Who needs science and facts when we have social media algorithms which enables fake worlds and feel good conspiracy theories supporting tribe confirmation bias?  Our only hope is that our legit institutions stay informed and out of the fake bubbles.  But thats tough when mantras like “perception is reality” are all too common.  Our institutions can easily fall to emotion and feelings over truth and logic.  Great video but how do we solve the bigger issue?
all of chicago is actually in cook county LOL
A refutation should include Chi-square. Why is it not even mentioned??? Oh, it's a viewer grab from politics.
So if you want to fiddle an election, make sure you follow Humble Pi so as to avoid blunders, otherwise you'll find yourself eating humble pie.
What needs to be done is a comparison from other election years like 2016 2012 2008 and so on...to see any consistencies or anomalies. That would be interesting
Someone should forward this video to Niko, Fiorella, and Pasta.
Which is why some of the left say maths is reesisct
you made it clear mate. since there are inconsistencies on both sides using 2 different tests (weird enough you didn't mention  the name of the second one), checking for irregularities is exactly what both sides must agree on investigating the results. thx
This video is pointless Chicago is not the one that's in question it's Philadelphia Minnesota Michigan Arizona Nevada and Georgia
You've probably explained this in another video already, but I'm curious as to why your book gets a special cover for just North America?
Math nerd here, loved this!
Lets see the swing states. Not just Chicago, Il. Let's see what Pa. Az. Wi. so on. Or better yet, lets recount & see.
I look forward to this video being used as evidence in one of trumps lawsuits and being claimed and demonetized
Demonetised yet?
Your math just proved Trumps re-election, if counted fairly.
This video has been debunked.
great video! one thought: you say "always verify what people are saying," but how many people in the world have the math literacy to do an analysis like this? nowadays it feels like every single issue is so nuanced that nobody has the background in math, policy, history, whatever to actually think properly about it on their own. what can people do but see what a news site or youtuber says about it?
Does this type of distribution we see with Biden happen with trump anywhere else?
Because Biden's are mostly fake
Proof right here https://youtu.be/Ez3QrbGPPNo
Good information. I wish you would have used a more interesting data set. Chicago is not a contested area.
The first time I heard of this argument I laughed because Biden's distribution looks so _normal_ ._.
After decades of experience perhaps the Chicago machine vote counters know enough to give Trump "some" votes to avoid suspicion. I live in Chicago suburbs. Of course I'm kidding about the machine. There is no need for it any more. Chicago is completely hopelessly Democrat. People leave Chicago because of jackass policies, then they move into the suburbs and continue to vote for Democrat candidates
I appreciate the wonderful explanation of the issue of the distribution of digits in random data.  However, I am afraid that some people who want to believe that the voting has been manipulated will simply believe it.  These people are willing to ignore facts, evidence, rules of mathematics or logic.   'Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.'  A. Einstein
You analyzed Chicago. That's one city. And it's not even in an area where Republicans are claiming irregularities
The numberphile video on this is already tainted xD
I don’t get it.
Sir any tips for doing science,math comedy . I m following your work from some time and I really love it ❤️❤️🔥🎉
Respectfully, I disagree that data should only be expected to follow a Benford distribution if it spans many orders of magnitude.  The range of the data is an important factor, but not necessarily in that way.    Benford’s Law posits that smaller digits should appear as the leading digit in a large list of naturally-occurring numbers with a greater frequency than larger digits.  To illustrate this, it is helpful to consider the extreme case.  If we (restrictively) assume that all numbers in a range are equally likely to occur and that the range begins with 1 and ends with n, we see that the only case where all leading digits are equally likely to occur (a uniform distribution) is when n=t-1, where t is any natural number power of 10.  Since n=t-1 is unlikely, it follows that most of the time n≠t-1.  Therefore, leading digits should be more likely to be small as long as the range of the data set begins with 1 and each leading digit is equally likely to occur.    How well does that fit Chicago election data?  Not perfectly.  However, it is important to point out that a lot of the precinct vote totals should fall within one standard deviation of the mean:  343 to 689.  Using the same argument as above, most of the observations here should have leading digits between 3 and 6, which is exactly what we see with Joe Biden.
Honest question then: I'm on board with why Biden's votes didnt display benfords law, but if Trump got mostly double-digit votes in Chicago precincts, then why did Trump's votes still follow benfords law? Double digit is not many orders of magnitude lol
Why would someone expect Trump's supporters to understand hardcore statistics when they can't even understand how global warming is evaluated?
that terrible chime in music though....
But that still doesn't make sense... did the Trump data come from somewhere else?  Because they should have roughly the same distribution, just different averages. Ahhh... never mind.  All the districts with 10-19 votes would have done it.  But then... that means Biden got about 10x the number of votes in those districts.  Does that seem like a fair multiplier?
Then Trump's votes were undercounted.
Why in the hell would votes be random? If that's the case, why bother to campaign? Maybe I just don't understand, but I've seen too much bullshit mathematics in astrophysics to buy this crap now.
Matt, this was a fantastic video and incredibly impartial and fair, with a great message on the end. Everyone should advocate for their best possible argument and we should all cool our heads and look at these problems in the way that you have. You've set a fantastic example for "both sides" and they all need to chill out and get to work verifying that everything checks out. Its when we don't have people like you doing this stuff do people lose trust. Thanks Matt, this video should be shared around--not because it undermines an argument for the Trump side, but instead because its a cool headed rational explanation and example that its ok to advocate for your position because by only people listening to each other and thinking will we get to the truth of the matter.
Can you please explain how gerrymandering can make a majority number of party "A" votes result in a majority  number of party "B" representatives.
i'm recalling my time
Your just trying to normalise as if he didn't rob the election by the sounds of it
people don't think for themselves anymore. Fact checks on every video, medias refusal to acknowledge piles and piles of evidence, Kayleigh was on Fox  tonight with a some 263 pages of Affidavits from ONE state, multiple inconsistencies here, unexplained things there, but FacebookCNNTwitter told me that the election is fair and Joe Biden won so that all must be true right? Right? What would My trusted social and news medias have to gain from lying to me?
We have already moved on to looking at Benford's Law for the 2nd digit of precinct vote totals. Maybe those aren't expected to conform either, but I see less of a valid reason as to why.
Chicago... Umm, not the best city to use for accurate voting, given history
Audit them all!  If there is nothing wrong humiliate trump again
Congratulations for wading into a hot, controversial topic, being relevant and interesting and still not looking too biased. BTW, as some other commenters noticed, it wasn't only one city. Chicago wasn't even the most prominent. In several swing-state cities, Biden's results violated Benford while Trump's results and Biden's results in non-swinging locations did not. Did you pick Chicago at random or did it illustrate you point best?
Benford's law was intuitive to me because it looked like the log scales on a slide rule. My father collected them and let me play with them as a child. Slide rules should come back!
I love it when people outside the US talk about how Americans should vote
good vlog ...
Thank you I was unfamiliar with how this worked.
if they were so confident in Biden, they would welcome a transparent audit. And to say democrats want “healing” is a joke. Half the country doesn’t believe Biden won, for valid reasons.
Thank you for explaining this Matt, this election is filled with things I don't understand and now I can put Benford's law in the list of things I now comprehend :)
I site the law of, whom ever smelt it dealt it.
I think you might expect this kind of data on the Trump side of votes, since in some metropolitan areas, such as Chicago, Philadelphia, and New York, Biden carried between 75-80% of the votes.  and in the US, most large cities are majority Democrat. if expanded out to the whole state, i would think that the Benford's Law might hold more true, since many states hovered around 47-49% for each candidate.
Can you do this for the 7 controversial states: New Mexico, Nevada, Michigan, Wisconsin, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, and Georgia?
Now you need to check the data from Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Nevada, Georgia and Arizona.
Would these graphs be a nice demo how Trump won on the "rather unpopulated" countryside and Biden won the dense populated cities? That is also what the maps show
Im glad i found video. There are so many claims out there without any explanations. Do you think - based on the Chicago data, is worth for Trump to file a lawsuit to investigate?
Pi is always a great nothing up my sleeve number but it's hard to sleep at night without a proof showing it's normal.
One of the few good things i got from my mom is that a half truth is still a whole lie.
I'M BORED ALREADY ---- WHAT A LOAD OF CRAP.
"Of course we're not going to get a Benford data distribution out of this."  Except you did -- with Trump's numbers.  One thing that can be useful here would be to gather baseline data from elections whose legitimacy was not in dispute.
Cherry picking data. How about you use the states/counties/precints in question? The data may reflect chicago in other areas, however you did pick one area that the entire world knew would go blue, that is not in question.
Now I feel bad. I posted on Facebook about it and spread misinformation.
Using math? I thought this was 'merica.  For real though thank you for teaching me something new.  I would have guess if any random sample of numbers large enough was looked at, all numbers would have an equal chance to be the first.  #PSA knowledge is power.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
*Maths and counting* Nevada has entered the chat
Can I haz shadow of a four dimensional hypercube?
Thank you for the impartial feedback
Having an agenda is fine... as long as you are willing to admit that you do rather than pretend you are being impartial.  Being impartial is also fine ... as long as you actually are.
Its interesting that you used Chicago which is generally a Democratic city and as far as I know it isn't being contested. But thanks for the math explanation.
Nobody is talking about Chicago, we are talking about Philadelphia and Milwaukee.
So, explain how Benford's Law works out perfectly with every other state, and for every other candidate in those states, except the few swing states where Biden magically keeps getting more votes in the middle of the night? :thinking:
I love your content!
This is easily my favorite video about election news coming out right now. Thank you!
Bravo! Your examples that did not actually include Benford’s Law in it’s mathematical theory only made me laugh. But I did watch a second time for the enjoyment I received from using your own personal use of “Benford’s Law” to calculate your dental hygiene. So far I’ve calculated Trump has more cavities due to your information(or lack there of). God bless your dentist and God bless the Queen(lol!)
Great video! You need to go on Steven Crowders Channel and explain this to him. He will probs just refuse the science behind it.😂
I. will. double. check.
I still think a thorough investigation into misconduct while counting should be conducted so we don't have to hear the opposition whine for four years that it was stolen.
Disclaimer about YouTube: YouTube is a corrupt, politically biased social media platform that censors free speech and foists its liberal/marxist narrative on its viewers. Believe nothing they claim.
Great videos, great explanations while keeping it captivating
Lol yeah its chicago, surprised trump got any votes , apply this to some of the states they are claiming discrepancies on
Since illinois isn't ever in play you would be better off using a state in contention.
And you got a fact check bar anyway. For merely discussing the topic. Nah, it's not propaganda.
What I've learned from this video: don't have the same breakfast every day
American politics aren’t that simple— Californians will happily steal the election for Biden, but there’s no point in even bothering since the state goes solid blue.  The problems are in the swing states.  Forget about Chicago you lunatic!  Instead you should look at PA, MI, NV, GA, and AZ!!!
Did the Trump people change the last digit from 7 to 1 but still lost that district? What’s the story? Looks like a bunch of 99s could have been changed to 14s as well to lower the votes.
This was great.  Easy to understand even for us mathematically challenged folks. Thorough and fair in it's presentation.  Thank you for not pushing an agenda other than true fact checking.
How come while it matches with Trump's data but not matching Biden's?
Great visual, shows a hit of discrepancies in the logarithms. *Hint, Hint* if you know what you're looking for.... Good job on not being politically biased, good information! 🙂✌🤙❤👊
I would appreciate this video more if he was talking about Philadelphia or Atlanta
Would love to see Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin
Fake news kkona
Out of all the areas you chose to analyze, you chose an area which is NOT under investigation. What is the purpose of this video again?
Looking at the recent comments on the numberphile video is depressing. Lies get half way around the world while truth is still putting on its shoes 😔
Awesome video! Is there a similar math reason for the vertical line in Biden votes in Wisconsin?
1:13 ... Who is Ion Data and why would I want to elect him?
Cool analysis, but I’m a little confused about what’s on the X-axis (lol, I’m not even sure if it’s called the X-axis on these types of graphs)
Very informative. Thank you.
Hey, talking about weird numbers, can you explain how Pfizer arrived to that "90%" in effectiveness for their SARS-CoV-2 vaccine and if it makes sense at all?
So they threw away as many Trump votes that would look realistic but it wasn’t random.
So,  atrend regression in more accurate voting trends and a BL is more a calculation of Frequency?
Why 2069 data points for pi?
You’re testing the wrong numbers, Sparky. Each ballot has its own S/N. That’s the distribution that’s odd
Go piss in a pub
You know, taking a number between 0 and 1 does raise an interesting point: If the number is truly a random real number between 0 and 1, the first non-zero leading digit would seem to follow Benford's law.
Can an analyst convert the data so it is several orders of magnitude? If, in your example of measuring object between 0 and 1 m, you converted the data to cm or mm, then there would be a few orders of magnitude. One could say that 1 vote equals 1000 millivotes and have several orders of magnitude.
So the largest voter turn out in US history is to small of a sample to get an accurate reading therefore....
If something only works under specific conditions, and then, is still inconsistent; I am pretty sure it can’t be considered a “law.” It would be better classified as, “an interesting thing that happens sometimes.”
one of my favourie numberphile videoes. lets watch it again with joy
What if we took the same data and converted it to base 4 or 5 data? I read that Benford's law applies to data of any base. If the data had a lower base, it would span more magnitudes.
Look at all other states
"I've noticed this thing that happens under these specific circumstances." "So you say this thing happens all the time no matter what? Interesting..."
Shout out to Matt Parker for taking the time to combat American misinformation in a polite and educational way. He didn't have to chime in on this but he went and did it anyway
Thanks for mentioning my name and my work starting at 3:56 :) I did an analysis of the Maricopa County election results and got pretty much the same patterns. Here's an interesting tidbit... At 2:00 you talk about the populations of the 3,141 counties and Benford's Law. At 13:25 you talk about the digits in pi, .... and, of, course, the first four digits of pi are 3141 :)  You went full circle or 2πr.
College was such a waste! but, it was fun to talk about
Regarding Benford’s law, why wouldn’t Trump’s distribution be the same as Biden’s if it were modal around 4,5,6? Shouldn’t trump have the same distinction, but smaller?
A lot of worthless information with a net zero result....
Bro we’re gonna pull US city populations, we’re gonna pull Pi, but we can’t find data from a Trump-won district to show that it breaks Benford too? It’s the dog that isn’t barking 🐶
Please send this to Trump's team?????
All we wanted was Trump gone and we voted his out ...mission accomplished...and we will vote against him again if comes back in 2024....irony the greatest president ever ...was a one term president ...thats how horrible he was and im a Republican..i listen to Rush everyday
I predicted this as well. Misrepresent the argument, then debunk your misrepresentation of the argument.  We'll call it CNN's Law.
Thanks for commenting on this! I always count on you when math is in the news, since it is so often being misunderstood and misused
I'm just going to apologize in advance for the flak you'll inevitably get by posting this. Good on you.
Statistics dont lie, but liars use statistics.
When I saw Biden's Benford distribution being used on twitter arguments and was googling expert opinions, I was expecting more depressing political articles but instead I discovered this delightful mathematics youtube channel   I feel quite lucky to have stumbled here
Completely went over my head. Need to look and study this more closely or this guy needs to sit with me and explain it thoroughly...lol
Frank Benford died in 1948. But that didn't stop him from voting for Joe Biden.
Trump be like:EVIDENCE that Biden voters are CRIMINALS and do not follow laws. I know BENFORD GREAT GUY!
😆 ... Now that I'm completely confused .. 😆 .. Not your fault .. I was never good at math ... but I tried .. Thanks 👍
YOUR math is right on and very logical and I for one never thought about it before.  Thanks for this video great job.
I don't know why this was in my recommended but I feel smarter for watching this.
Can breaking Benford's law result in a trip to the pokey?
This was amazing. Honestly I was a little confused in the beginning but you did a great job explaining throughout the video.
you aways have the agender to sell you book and there is nothing worng with that
Would I be right in saying that the cause of the "Trump tower" in the distribution of the last two digits is the same reason that the distribution of the first digit in the Trump voting data is shaped like a Benford's law curve? A high number of ones because a high number of precincts where Trump got less than 20 votes?
The problem with devising explanations to fit reality with ideology is that the more reality you come in contact with the more "explaining" you have to do.
Interesting you chose Chicago...whom no one is questioning since Illinois is a safe Blue state in the US.  It’s been blue for 30 years or more now.  How about doing one of the more problematic states/cities?
No thank you!
I would ask what Kanye's distribution was but he wasnt on the ballot in Illinois
What is the probability of 138k votes strictly for only Biden but not an increase with any other candidates?  Thanks for your explanation of Benford's Law!
In other words Chicago voted 75 - 80% blue.  OMG the SMOKING GUN!!!
I don't like that none of the graphs have any kind of description on the scales, it is super confusing which data has been used and how.
Congrats for the fair video. After xkcd published misleading and verifiably false information in their latest comic i didn't have much hope of fairness, but i'm glad i was wrong.
Not sure if you made a mistake or I'm misunderstanding, but a Benford distribution  (plot) is not a simplification of the histogram. We shouldn't expect them to be the same, because they are not the same thing. In other words, the histogram is not validating the Benford distribution in any way.
Thank you.
Brilliantly non partisan for a seemingly political video. Good Job Matt :)
you're ignoring the fact that there were votes removed from Trump's count and then applied to Biden's. There are several thousand instances of this at a single polling center alone. There are several hundred thousand votes which are now being scrutinized for the same discrepancies across the country.
Well, think of the lengths of rivers: Benford's law is the only scale-invariant law. It works for miles or kilometers therefore.
No, Epstein didn't kill himself, but he did vote for Biden.
I don't know that Chicago would be the place I tested this out,  I really like you broke it in to "bins" of 10 but please take this same process and apply it to the battleground states
In general could you change the base of the numbers to give extra orders of magnitude, and then run the Benford law test?  Or will the number base change change the characteristics of the number distribution so that the first number distribution is no longer exponential?
Quite interesting  My only wonder is why are you choosing to do Chicago? No one is contesting Chicago. Why not Atlanta, Milwaukee, Detroit, or Philly?  There is far more evidence than just a statistical model Your books sounds interesting  I’ll pick it up
One last thing.  The data only follows the process. Investigate the process to determine the results. That's part of the story no one discussing.
So refreshing to see an impartial mathematical analysis of all of this.  Love your videos
Why are the digits of pi considered random?
And pray tell, why would anyone bother rigging the vote for Biden in Chicago of all places? Was the deep state just so concerned that Chicago would jump on the Trump Train? Can we get just an ounce of critical thinking here?
Says who!  I’m not sure I agree... data is data   Election data is no different to any other data
If you want to change vote counts in any significant way, you have to change the first digit.
Thanks for breaking that down so simply
Neat, it's like the opposite of a a conspiracy theory. A Ycaripsnoc theory?
FILTER TO NEWEST COMMENTS NOT TOP COMMENTS
Really great video. I don't really care for the politics, but for anyone who gets overly excited by graphs, statistics and what they mean, this video is like a dream. Constant segways from one analysis to the next with a bunch of plot twists along the way. Had me on the edge of my seat!
This is just using authority bias to make a case against Benford’s law. The scientific method requires showing a false result — you gotta show there is no correlation between Benford anomalies and Biden-won contested districts by showing Trump-won or uncontested districts that also have these supposedly suspicious anomalies.
Now do one about how to get over 100% voter turnout or the odds of multiple computer "glitches" falling in favor of one party.
Illinois is not a swing state, so I don’t expect there to be anything unexplainable in Chicago as far as a presidential election goes.  I would like to see a breakdown of things and swing states though.
There is a logical fallacy in what you are saying is there not? You act as though these distributions are independent of each other. But they are not. Trump and Biden's votes interact with each other.
Just so happens that a forensic accountant IS talking about it>>     https://youtu.be/DoF3WS42w3M    So you can listen to a pro. Mr. maths seems a liitle green on the topic
Biden is not the people’s choice just look at Twitter subs and you will see a clear favorite  TRUMP2020 🇺🇸WWG1WGA 🇺🇸
I feel like you picked a bad dataset for the test from the start. There's little to no reason to even pick Chicago as it's not contested in any way. Also, you're justifying the data with the data itself which doesn't make a ton of sense to me.
I watch your videos I love maths..but It could be helpful if there are captions available
Benfords law shows Biden’s is normal, but trumps is very low? Why is that?
I think the biggest take away from this is:  Benford's Law is not evidence that something is wrong. It's simply a warning light with a bizarre system of logic gates. It could be going off because something is wrong, but it could also be going off because it happens to not seem right to the system even though it is perfectly legitimate. Either way, a check to ensure proper function of the machine is in order. After all, no industrial plant wants to lose a machine because the technician firmly believed the logic controller had the whole system in check and refused to look.
I thought the controversy was happening in Philly, not Chicago.
But I don't want to elect ion data!
You earned a subscriber! Absolutely love this
nice cope material for the bidenbros
Ok, so why does Trump’s distribution pattern follow Benford’s law? If the problem was that the 2000+ counties didn’t produce an order of magnitude large enough to facilitate it shouldn’t they both have a “non-Benford” plot?
awesome video, very educational.   always well explained.  liked you on "outrageous acts of science".  is it true 99% of statistics are made up?
Biden's vote totals histogram looks more like a Poisson distribution than a Normal distribution, which seems appropriate at a first glance.
Mind blown!!! Learnt something new today
Maths don’t care about your feelings
Biden will be a much better President. Even at 77 years old.
How would the dominion “glitch” of taking votes from 1 candidate and giving them to the other effect things?  wouldn’t that effect both candidates data adherence to the law?
I get what the Benford's Law is and the examples with money, but in the elections, what does the numbers means? I didn't got it and was confused the entire video.
Thanks for the video - I just ordered your book!
Really excellent, Matt.   Thank-you!
I don't believe Chicago's election is in question. Try this on Detroit and Philadelphia where the elections are actually being questioned. NEDL made a video demonstrating Benford's law on the entire US, and separately on just the swing states which shows there are anomalies. https://youtu.be/u2DRwt6RWyc
Very fair and balanced analysis. Kudos.
Great video as always!
Surprise... you're an idiot.  The living definition of vapid.
Biden watched this.      "C'mon, maths!"
As a right leaning dude. I'd rather trump win than biden even though I didnt vote for either of them (red state) im still glad to have this generally dispelled so I dont look like a dingus when talking about this with both liberal and conservative friends
Why are you up at 3 am
Now try: "Our methods, particularly the use of the SecondDigit Newcomb-Benford Law, add to the increasingliterature on measures of surprise and legitimate suspicion on electoral processes, particularly but not restricted to electronic voting. The NBL2, since our original suggestion in 2004, is becoming a standard tool onwhat has been termed by Mebane as "Election Forensics."" - Quick Anomaly Detection by the Newcomb—Benford Law, with Applications to Electoral Processes Data from the USA, Puerto Rico and Venezuela Luis Pericchi and David Torres
You realised they stopped counting THE VOTEZ When trump was leading massively.... Which explains the trump tower....
I'd really like to get a signed copy of your book for my father. He was a math teacher for 36 years at the same high school, worked on the Mercury and Gemini projects, had a massively huge slide rule in his class room and inspired a whole lot of students. Hope you see this comment so I can get this for a surprise Christmas gift for him. =)
This video was the biggest waste of time you should try to be a news anchor since you obviously have no clue what you are talking about.
Fascinating!
Some of the transitions are a little out of nowhere and loud, but great video
search #benfordslaw on twitter and spam this video as a reply.  Honestly, Trumpists learned a new word with no understanding and are going buck wild on it thinking they have a smoking gun.
So, it's an informative video on principals, but useless as the data picked out the precinct level in a historically democrat dominated city and does not provide the magnitude needed for actual application.... 🤔👍🏻🤣
Elect Ions.
Why wouldn't you run the data from one of the several counties that that are bein contested?
This was super interesting! Thank you for putting this out there in a very easy to digest manner. Here's hoping I don't need to use this info to debunk claims, but now I know I'm equipped if that does come up.
*THAT BEGS THE QUESTION!!!!!!* WHY *DID* TRUMP'S VOTES FOLLOW BENFORD'S LAW?  Edit: WHY DID BIDEN'S VOTES *NOT* PEAK AROUND 500!?!?!?!
The quote from the book is saying all the candidates will have modal 4,5,6. But the data shows other candidates follow Benford. Why is that?
What if you summed the results of a random number of random precincts a random number of times to get a Benford distribution out if it?
I think it would be more instructive to look at other counties in swing states. Illinois and Chicago was never in doubt. Other videos showing Allegany  county in PA with first and second digits dont follow Benford's law. And also in Philadelphia. The other thing to keep in mind is that the turnout in Philadelphia is approaching 95%. Thats quite extraordinary in any election. Even requited elections in Australia.
The “problematic for elections bit” was only just added to the Wikipedia after November 3rd when people first started to notice. Seems like a bad faith addition considering it had been used for such things before.
Clearly. Thanks for the bits of sanity back.
https://www.purdue.edu/discoverypark/ppri/docs/Wisconsin.pdf  Benford’s Law in Wisconsin Election 2016
lovely video, thanks Matt!
Bold of you to assume that Trump-voters can do math.
What about talking of the Chances to get 128k votes to 0 votes OR how it was possible that Trump votes went down by 20k in just a minute. Plz explain your audience how a QFS works ;)   By the way: Is PI really random? Why does it produce perfect circles?  What side of the aisle are you on? Seems Biden friendly if you are cherry picking ideas to make a case. :D
Now do Milwaukee.
14:08 Biden: sort of normal city scape Pie: sort of normal city scape Trump: Mordor
When I hear a video starting with "Right!" I know it's going to be good.
Now do the same thing with a whole state like Wisconsin or Michigan or Georgia. Good play going with Chicago.
I was wondering why he explained why Biden's data doesn't follow Benford's law, but he didn't explain why Trump's does. But then he did explain it at the end. This was so fun to watch.
Someone show this video to Donald Trump!
It would be interesting to see what kind of Law Trump used to enter $750 in his tax returns for two consecutive years.
Hooray math!
The votes don't quite follow Benford's law, but at least they gave it a go!  You might even say they are Parker votes.
Now do Philadelphia.
Congrats on the top 100. Have not actually checked.
Wait a minute... You said that each district had similar voter populations, but then you said that in many of them, trump only got double digit vote counts? And that doesn't strike you as odd? Statistically, if only the people who went to his rallies voted for him, there would be more than double digits.
Should be interesting to check Hillary Clinton's performance in Chicago in 2016. See if that follow Benford's law. And while we at it, let's check all states that unusual this year with Biden, check them with Clinton. If same thing happened in 2016, probably nothing. If not, well, we need to look into it more for Biden.
The log, to the base 10 of 2 is 0.3010,  so for a uniform distribution, less than 1 would be 30.1%
This is actually really well explained without taking a stance one way or the other.  You just explained what Benford's Law is, how it's used, and why it by itself shouldn't be considered hard evidence.  Chicago seems to have been a good choice for an example, as it doesn't seem to be contested (easier to stay neutral on the politics), and has some anomalous data with rational explanations behind it.  Since Chicago isn't contested, this doesn't have any bearing one way or the other on the validity of the election results, so it might be possible to apply Benford's Law to other states or cities to see if there are any other anomalies, but in doing so we should take care not to fall into any traps of assuming Benford's Law is hard proof, or that there isn't another explanation.
If the Benford distribution is a function of the district, how come the other candidates were mostly glued to the curve?
2 + 2 = whatever political affiliation general consensus says it is. You can make any argument that any number added, subtracted, multiplied or divided, deviated or arbitrated can equal whatever you want it to be.
This was a great explanation of when & why Benford’s does (or does not) apply.  Enjoyed that a lot!  Well done!
Excellent video as always, as a physicist I always love a good bit of maths being used for good 💙
Love your work Matt P! I have gone out of my way to not care about the US elections as an Aussie, but it's unavoidable and even my eldest son has followed it closely.  As you said, everyone has an agenda, and an opinion.... sadly social media has given voice to those who should actually be quiet and check some facts 👌  Good work mate 👍
What ypur theory on actual ballot counting leaves out are mail in votes are counted after election day results resulting in the spike then decrease nice try.
You still wouldn't expect that because benfords law brings more ones due to them being front loaded in our numerical system, so even if Biden got all the votes, it would still follow benfords law. I think your analysis is incorrect
So basically this is all circumstantial? It just shows an anomaly which could warrant an investigation but the data can't be used as evidence because it really doesn't mean anything.
The constant refrain from Democrats is "no need to investigate because there's no evidence", but this type of analysis should be done to see if there's a need to investigate without having solid evidence.  Anything that's flagged as suspicious can also be analyzed, while the investigation is going on.  The insistence that the totals are set in stone and the results are inviolable is ludicrous.  All election results should be analyzed, it may be that "landslides" might actually be closer than reported.
See everyone...Biden really is more popular than Obama. 😜
PLEASE DONT DO THE ONE WHERE A TON OF CHILDREN DIE
The scam in the algorithm you can thank the  kids just writing code and not using math....do worry it’s ok to snitch when in trouble nowadays
🇺🇲 Thanks for explaining this!
Great info!
I was waiting for a math video I could trust.
Did anyone else have trouble finding the book on Waterstones 2020 Best Paperbacks list? I'm giggling over here - almost as much as Matt when he's talking about it  Nevermind, I found it. I didn't load enough books. Congrats, Matt!
But it does make a difference when one cannidate follows the law yet the other does not without an obvious reason .  That and when there proof of 10s of thousands of deceased people being registered and getting mailin votes that in turn were sent in and tabulated almost exclusively for one side .
The rebuttal that you are quoting at 0:50 - that is from an academic paper where 2 of the 3 authors then went on to write a book for $$, just after the Ukrainian revolution - where they used the same argument to conclude that the Russian elections were bent (no surprises there), but the Ukrainian elections after the revolution were a model of honesty and integrity.  Not saying you are wrong ... not saying Benfords law is the correct tool for this job ... just saying, don't necessarily take everything you read on wikipedia at face value.  It also worth looking at the change history on that same wikipedia page where you are pulling the quote .... hmmm ... lots of edits since the 7th November.
In 2009 there was a controversial election in Iran that ignited a sometimes violent protest movement. A lot of people thought the election may have been stolen. The vote totals came from a centralized authority so, in principle, it was relatively easy for the government to lie about the votes, but there wasn't hard evidence. I recall there was a bunch of statistics papers at the time trying to analyze the vote data using tools like Benford's law and its more sophisticated variants. As I recall the effort was mostly inconclusive. The incident might make for a good video continuation of this topic. Though maybe that 2011 paper you quoted was, in part, a response to the effort to analyze the Iranian election
Is there a pretty good picture/word ratio in Humble Pi? I like when books about math and stuff have charts, tables, or diagrams to help the points
It’s very important to have a comment of middling length with a lot of likes to help a video spread through the algorithm.
So now we have libtards telling us that a mathematical formula that has been used for a century doesn’t apply to election data.  Then, said libtard manipulates data to produce a graph showing the exact opposite.
Votes were not counted in the same way for every state though. You can’t compare the two - if they had different ways of reporting votes and different ratios of votes.
You need to answer the questions you flawed video raised
Oh dip, Tracks in the background! Is that a late-era Takara reissue?
Thank you, I had seen claims using Benfords Law and because I laked understanding I wasn't sure what to make of the claims. Again thank you for educating me.
The better question to ask is, why the us govt still have not updated the precinct to make those somewhat close in population?
why did he use half of a city(a city located in a NON-swing state) and then complain about order of magnitude???? He could have used counties of SWING STATES for the data set. I bet his conclusions would be very surprising. So surprising, I think some content is in order....
I would like to make one slight correction here. Benford's law can certainly be applied to election data, just not in the way described here, where the population of every precinct is set to be approximately the same.  It does work at a county level since county populations span several orders of magnitude. However, you must remember that Benford's Law tends to require around a 500 sample size to get a very accurate model, and at least around 100 to even reliably get close. Meaning applying it to individual state's counties really doesn't work outside of maybe Texas.  I chose to apply it to every county in the 2016 presidential election, and it conforms extremely well with the expected distribution, with an R^2 Score over .99 for both Clinton's and Trump's totals.
Comment to get video in reccomended
Comment to get video in reccomended
You’ve picked a dataset with a well-accepted deficiency (i.e insufficient spread) to discredit Benford analysis in general.  There are proper datasets (eg 10 swing states by county) that meet all criteria (755 counties with vote totals ranging from 7 to 984k) and still strongly indicate Biden irregularities at p=0.02.
Thank you.
5:10  Those dividend income spikes aren't rounding or any kind of trickery with reporting. Not sure I can properly explain this, but people who own small private corporations get to *choose* the amount of dividends their corporation is going to declare (which is equal to the amount they're going to report on their tax returns), and they frequently will choose very round figures. So if they have a small business and no investments in dividend-returning stocks in the stock market, it's very likely you're going to see very round numbers like we have here. It's not like interest where the income is entirely a function of how much you have invested, and is largely out of your control
You cite a masters thesis for you debunking? Really?  Even the papers that suggest it cannot be used as an indicator have dissenting papers published.   It’s more of a “where there is smoke there is probably fire” test.
Comment to get video in reccomended
Terrific!  Thanks!
Awesome stuff!!
Comment to get video in reccomended
Biden is definitely a he, not a they... I have no idea why you constantly insist on misgendering everyone.
Comment to get video on recommended
I’ve just started reading humble pi! Greetings from Argentina.
I get debunking the OP's claim using Chicago....but why not at least look at contested states and include their analyses? Neglecting to do so borders serious irresponsibility. Viewers are likely to dismiss aberrant data in key states now because you told them so using uncontroversial data.
"Taking a closer look at the software that flipps votes from one candidate to the other, HAMMER and SCORECARD"   "It's all fine, according to CNN it was only a glitch in the system"
I think a person who accuses others of cheating is quite possibly a cheater themselves. Cheaters assume that everyone who wins against them must have been cheating, because they have such an advantage and still lost.
Would the Trump tower happen if say people were throwing out votes for Trump? Such as Trump got 101 votes, but then someone got rid of 41 dropping it to an even 60 (the mean). Repeat that dozens and doezens of times.
Cuz they follow Alden’s Number
the clip of Steve around 3:00, he looks so young and full of life
Election interference doesn't bother me as much as the "s" on math. But I'm gonna go upstairs and finish drinking my milks and maybe fill up my glass with waters then this will be forgotten.
Benford's law is better at other things.
Death people voting for 10% big guy is what’s happening
You should be a news an analyst
Thank god for this video. Trump supporters are already commenting misinformation under the other numberphile videos.
You should really watermark (see what I did there?) the quote "Benford's Law is problematic at best as a forensics tool when applied to elections" across the entire video so no one can take parts of this out of context.
why no zero?  math doesnt work and flawed at the very start of the video
Did not realize this was a conspiracy among the dumbest of my fellow Americans. I am curious if the reverse trend would be encountered for mostly Trump voting rural counties in a red state such as my home state of Kentucky.
But what if I don't like your numbers? Can I just choose to believe something else? What if your math makes me angry? This does not reinforce my pre-existing beliefs, I don't like your math and I am going to act like I never saw this video.
Just found your channel, interesting videos like these are the only thing stopping me from completely hating maths! I don't always understand everything in them but they're fascinating nonetheless.
Watches whole video Me: There's nothing about this I understand.
How did this guy get the data while the counting isn't finished?
Why did Trump and the others all follow Benfords law but not biden????
Fantastic analysis. I would like to see how some of the battle ground states
Fantastic, smarter everyday.
https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
It's like walking down the street and spotting an open door with no one visible nearby. Yes, there may be a robbery in progress, but someone may have just been leaving for work and then realized that they forgot something, so they went back inside without closing the door.
Can you give a breakdown of what Dr. Shiva showed in his analysis of Michigan's votes?  https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
i wish this video was trending
That's great, but I'm not sure who the hell would think that Chicago would need to fix the vote.
I’d like to see this done for one of the swing states. The analysis for Chicago is a bit pointless.
Math is as honest as you get
You should analyze more contested areas. Nobody was expecting Chicago to go for trump. Lol
So who is contesting the state of Illinois? Everyone knew how that was going to go 10 years ago.
As always, the devil is in the details.
If you take votes from one canidate and give to another then do you get what we see here?
It's almost if Trump's vote totals were a landslide...
This is fantastic!
Dang, you jumping right in to make some long term enemies. I love it! If you can’t tell, in the USA, we no longer trust history, science, math, or sound reasoning.
Nobody is contesting Chicago. Please do Philly, Pittsburgh, Detroit, Milwaukee.
I don’t get it, what are the numbers at the bottom? Are they the age of the voters?!?!
This is fascinating! Thank you for putting this together.
Matt's inconclusive results arise because he based his analysis on precinct populations with less than one order of magnitude difference between them. He should have based his analysis on counties across the state for comparison, as county populations are likely to vary by more orders of magnitude. I completely disagree with Matt's suggestion that it's okay to use math and science to advocate for our political side. We should strive for complete objectivity, and highlight for all readers what factors may skew the analysis away from the classic Benford distribution. Matt lost all credibility with that suggestion.
https://youtu.be/7uhAn19V1EY
But what is Benfords law?
Chicago is possibly the worst city to try and apply these methods
Forensic scientist here. There’s a misunderstanding on how Benfords used during investigation. Forensic accounting uses it point out irregularities. It in and of itself is not enough to establish evidence, but it is enough to garner further inquiry and possibly be used to obtain a warrant. It’s the broken taillight analogy. Vehicle gets pulled over for the broken light, while approaching other evidence is then visible to push further inquiry/arrest/warrant/Background check/outstanding warrants. It is not evidence, it is an irregularity that can occur by human manipulation but not definitive to be used as evidence.
Biden is #notmypresident, him and the lying snowflake democrats defrauded the American public and it will be proven.
Great book! It's such a fun and intriguing read.
Piss pants biden
But, why did Trump’s first digit distribution align with Benford’s law and Biden’s was not. The data was from the same 3digit distribution, right.
For the algorithm
This was an excellent video. Although I don’t think Chicago is a place anyone is going to put that effort in, not in an organized way anyways. It’s too far out of reach for one side and safe for the other. It would be interesting to see data in “pivotal” locations. Places or populations that give maximum reward for either party. Like Pennsylvania, Florida, Arizona etc. these would be the highest incentive to do something with the least effort. The less votes needed to change the outcome means higher likelyhood of an attempt. And this is on both sides right.
Thanks, clear.
I feel like this is a stupid question, but I'll ask anyway.  So if these forensic tools are inconclusive,  and don't guarantee fraud, are they really that useful? If you have to investigate  your data afterwards anyway, why bother with the statistical tools in the first place?
You literally destroyed Steven Crowder's hour-long rant about this in like 1 min, good job :D
First draft video name: How to cheat on your taxes without IRS finding out!!!
So you are expecting me to double check your claim by blindly following your link in the description. Jokes on you, I'm not gonna fall for that. I'm gonna look it up myself.
One of the "proofs" for Benford's Law requires the rate of growth of the data to be roughly proportional to the current amount, i.e. f'(x) = kf(x) for some constant k. For these distributions, Benford's Law works best.   Voter turnout and ballots notably don't follow this distribution. The rate of growth of votes isn't (and shouldn't) be proportional to the people who have voted.
I'm not even from US, but I laughed at the part with Tramp tower.  I don't really get how that guy even got selected the first time.  P.S. But seriously, this was one of the most entertaining things I've watched this week, those plot twists were good.
So would county-by-county data still be expected to follow Benford's law (given that the populations do), or is the expected bimodal nature of vote clusters going to break that?
Hahaha, mathematics has become blinded by ideology. Biden is corrupt as hell and has lost the election. Unsubscribe.
Thank you for clearing this up!
This video has 'tegrity
You call it the Trump Tower, but it actually looks a lot like the Willis Tower… which makes sense, since it's in Chicago. 🙂
Hilarious. And this comes after years of Trump-Russia collusion conspiracy theories with no evidence at all. I'll take "problematic at best" over the Steele Dossier and the Pee Tapes any day.
It would be interesting to find a comparable distribution of votes for Trump. If you find that, then this is consistent. Another way of validating the assertion, no?
What are the odds a coin with a 55% chance coming up heads happen a 1,000 times in a row?
Been seeing benford's law in discussions about the voter irregularities,  and this helped clear things up. I already figured it was mainly a tool that could point to fraud, as you brought up, but now I better understand how it could be better used.
It doesn't work if whenever you make a point the other side does not have a good rebuttal to they will just call you an istophobe and the MSM would back them up 😂
Everyone knows that Chicago is corrupt. People don't care as long as the trash is picked up on time. Republicans generally don't care because it's Democrats screwing Democrats.
whats that law called? for when a sore loser looks for reasons why they lost? and they come up with things like cheating with no proof? whats that law called?
Do you think solving the P != NP hypothesis would be solved using statistics more so than hard proofs?
Why did Trumps figures match Benfords if Bidens didn’t?
great
Is it just me or is 15:30 the world's most subtle burn lollll
I thought I was full of politics. I guess your videos are like dessert!
Comments turned off for this video! HAHA!!!!!  Does cheating violate these laws? They are laws after all ... :D
Also does not indicate a clean election. Simply doesn't apply as evidence.
WOW really great explanation. Can't wait to post this video in response to people online not understanding data
Haha, so glad you put this together. Next, put together a vid telling everyone why pallets of ballots showing up AFTER the polls closed all went to one guy. This ought to be good
Do a video on counties fraudulent mail in ballots
all this said to me was there was no evidence of fraud in chicago but I'd like to see this done in a swing state and the whole state, not just a city.
This doesn't explain why his bedford's law statistics matched in every state except for the key States? Why did they only look strange in the states that are being contested now but if you do for instance Florida or New York everything seems to match up perfectly fine?
the biggest deviation I'm concerned with in this video is the US cover of your book. Is it just me or is the UK cover better?
It's worth noting that Chicago is in no way disputed.  Chicago leans heavily towards Biden.  The cities to look at are Milwaukee, Detroit, Philadelphia, Atlanta and Pittsburgh.
The dissertation you quote has been repeatedly debunked, and was never accepted widely in the field.   Also, it's not particularly useful on a dataset as small as the chicago dataset alone, which is why it's been applied to say, a state at a time, by county or precinct. Or to multiple states at a time, by county. And those don't match either, raising larger flags.
This is the election content I crave.
This is a great explanation of how to do this kind of analysis
This helps me understand my biases
Prediction at 0:17; Aksheully, Biden is okay and you're not using Benford's law properly cuz not enough orders of magnitude
The only thing Trump Tower lacks is the eye of Sauron.
They used common core math on bidens results..  of course they dont make sense..
Math has a well known liberal bias
Trump either gets most of his votes from smaller (rural) districts, or fewer votes from larger (urban) districts. It checks out! This is really neat!
I wonder if that trump tower is due to only one precinct voting for trump. I know where I live you will have several areas showing 100% democrat with one district that leans very heavily republican jammed on the edge due to it being historically non-union non-government property owners.
For the issue at the end where the last two digits were just the digits for Trump's vote, could you account for that by converting the vote totals to a lower base and plotting end digits of those numbers instead?
Thank you so so so so so much for making this video. I see so so so many people linking the Numberphile in order to support some very very crazy and baseless claims. Thank you for setting the record straight
MY FAVORITE THING IS THAT EVERY OTHER COUNTRIES WORLD LEADERS HAVE CONGRATULATED THE BIDEN WIN AND HAVE GONE ON TO SAY THEY ARE GLAD TO GET THINGS BACK TO GOOD RELATIONS..........     I DIDNT VOTE FOR TRUMP BUT I DEALT WITH IT AND BACKED HIM AS A PRESIDENT FOR THE PAST FOUR YEARS.... I THINK ITS TIME ALL TRUMP SUPPORTERS AND TRUMP HIMSELF RECOGNIZE HE IS NOT THE KING OF AMERICA....
Thank you for clearing this up, Matt!
As long as people investigate and aim for transparency that's fine by me. No single data point is going to be sufficient.
I prefer the much more reliable analytical test. You ask someone if you can check everything is correct and they say no you cant, and that there's definitely nothing wrong in any way. They fail the test and you definitely need to check things. I call it the bs test. The best part is its mathematical simplicity, a binary possible outcome.
That moral is the key to the future and is incompatible with modern US politics.
I would elect Ion Data over any human any day.
Did you run the same analysis on previous elections? Curious if this data set would appear roughly the same compared to itself 4 or 8 years previous.
I'm just wondering what would happen if you picked a better city.
This is better than any and all of the News coverage on the topic. Subbed, Liked, enjoyed thoroughly.
What most of us want is to learn of the key states in question right now
While I appreciate the work, I think chicago was a terrible example. Chicago is already die hard blue, and it's got a long and stories history of suspicious activity associating politics to organized crime. Not making allegations, just saying there's lots of stories...
When it comes to math alls I can say is that I'm a really good guesser.
Chicago probably wasn't targeted in the election because it's not a swing state. Good info, but you are just claiming what everyone already expected using math.
Is that an in box trailerblazer in the background?!?!
Would performing this analysis at the level of counties rather than precincts reveal anything new?
Great explanation. Curious why you didn't choose votes by county? As u point out, districts are supposed to have similar size voting blocks. Counties are roughly area dependant and would likely span several orders
This is what happens when people with an agenda who know nothing about elections pretend they're an expert. Of course Biden would get between 300-600 votes compared to Trump's 50-200 in deep blue Chicago.
Congrats on the book!
Stop the count!
Now do the 5 battleground states.  Lets see what the data shows.  Chicago is NOT a good example.
This makes perfect sense, really. Democrats do well in large, urban centers. I suppose it's possible to do the exact same thing with all the rural places in Illinois. AND, if you do it for the whole state-- well, maybe not Illinois, but say Georgia or Pennsylvania-- you should get a very tight, roughly equal distribution for the both of them.
Benfords law is just a indicator used to investigate further. It’s not the end all be all, but it is used by the international community to see if a further investigation is needed when looking into elections. It was what brought attention to Enron, and we know how that turned out.
Brilliant work, Matt.
Could it not be that Trump's votes were altered vs Biden's?  Rather than inflate Biden's numbers, you could reduce Trump's numbers no?
I absolutely love it when people are able to remain impartial. Most people should but most people can’t.
Can you do the same thing for only the last digit?
What was the law called for looking at the last 2 digits? Or is that just normal randomness with no name.
Hi, will you be adding subtitles to this video?
Great stuff mate
thank you for overly simplifying the way the election works for those of us who live with the stress that comes with having such a weird electoral system. and that is in a good year, where we don't have nonsensical claims being thrown about by sore losers. getting an outside, mathematical explanation of how the data we have compares with the data one would expect to see, and showing that it matches to an acceptable degree, is definitely helpful for easing the stress
In the case of normally distributed data that doesn't span enough orders of magnitude for Bedford's law to be applicable, can you change the base of the numbers and to simulate a larger "order of magnitude" range in order to gain more insight via base modified Benford probabilities? For example having numbers up to about about 1000 spans three orders of magnitude in base 10 (1000 = 10^3), but in base 5 would span over 4 (1000 = 1.6*5^4). From my understanding Benford's law is base invariant, but changing the base might have a "lowered resolution" effect. Thanks!
So solid. This is such a good explainer
Commenting to help this quality video get on more people’s feeds
I had to pause this video to shoot a Possum, he was eating my honeybee food. I am not joking.
I can see the headlines "Australian democrat hides behind math jargon in order to manipulate viewers"
I brought up Benfords law right away. I knew it would not even be close. Have the IRS count votes and Biden would not win.
I've worked in an election office before, and as is I think human nature, I've given some thought to how you would defraud the system and arrange the vote, and I think that essentially most of the time you are adding or subtracting a random number of votes from the totals.  There are ways to arrange to throw out votes in a coordinated manner, and there are ways to arrange to create votes in a coordinated manner.   In both cases though, you'd tend to not add a round number unless you tried (and if you thought about it, you probably would actually try not to end up with a nice round number).   And I think that would be very difficult to catch through forensic analysis alone, especially if the only data you had was the reported totals.  It's not like people are just making up numbers.  They are just making up or discarding votes in a semi-systematic way.
You are analyzing Chicago, which everyone knows will vote for any Democrat. I doubt dems bothered doing much cheating in their strongholds, not worth the risk for an almost sure win.
Seth needs you on. Call him.
So on average, each USAn state has 60 counties?
https://youtu.be/Ztu5Y5obWPk
For anyone who is still wondering why Benford’s law holds, think about plotting data on a Log scale instead of a linear scale.  On a log scale 30% of the horizontal space is taken up by values that start with one, 17% by twos, and so on.   It turns out that in the real world data is often random with an exponential distribution and not a linear distribution, so the data looks evenly distributed on a log scale, not a traditional straight scale. Hence Benford’s law.
Good luck with facts in our wonderful post-truth world. Those who should hear it won't hear it at all. They will keep believing whatever they want.
How about the same analysis of Milwaukee County?
This looks like a pareto chart. :)
You don't even say where the quate came from and ive read and seen a bunch that its perfect. So not so sure you are saying anything. Your diagraham is one of many ways of apply the law.
There's a lot of people asking about why trump's votes followed benford's law more closley. Maybe since there were more trump votes that were in the double or single digits the distribution of magnitudes was wider? So since there were a lot of districts with 1 or 2 for trump , and then a few with 3 digits, that led to a more even distribution of magnitudes unlike the biden votes which were almost all in 3 digits.
Now we wait for the crackhead comments
Are you sure it's not because of a cabal of satanic pedophiles?
This isn't really that surprising, chicago doesn't like trump. We have the democrat version of donald trump as governor now and he's actually relatively good.
I'm curious - thanks for this video. I actually saw the original post on github  a few days ago.  You said it should be common to see a norm dist in this kind of data - but it wasn't.  In that paper, there were data for several cities shown, but only a few of them had something that looked like a norm dist - and only on the votes for Biden. What am I missing? Thanks again.
yeah yeah yeah, all that or you could just start by saying who would you've rather voted for? :) you are right by the way, but I found it really interesting that people who go to this extent (to prove or debunk one/other side) mostly (well actually to my experience, always!) are strongly attached to one of the sides.
So this kinda proves that he wasn't that popular in those precincts? Ouch.
This video raises more questions for me than answers. I hope I'm not committing a logical fallacy here, but if Benford's law has it's issues why was it used to determine election fraud in countries like Iran and Russia? Most of all, why were people prosecuted with voter fraud charged using statistical evidence like Benford's law?
Thank you for doing this. I generally think it's best if us STEM-oriented people stay clear of politics, at least when we are acting in our capacity as scientists, academics, educators, technical profressionals, or whatever it might be. Generally, we can compartmentalise. Nonetheless, we must tell the truth if called upon to do so in that capacity - objectivity is not always impartiality.  In this case, there is a clear attempt here to steal an election, and to overturn democratic and constitutional norms. When combined with populist nationalism and xenophobia that is, at least, a modern prototype of fascism. I'm grateful you took up the task of dispelling the nonsense being desperately concocted to attempt to disrupt the hallmark of a functioning democracy: the peaceful transition of power in free, fair and trusted elections. The lies and misinformation being propagated to defend this disgrace ought to concern us all, not merely as seekers of truth but as human beings.
good, I can just toss this video to my friends and say "You are wrong!"
Hey, first time viewer of your content here, it´s pretty good stuff, I like it but I´d personally would recommend maybe reconsidering the volume on the transition sound in-between sections.
cue mental gymnastics from the intellectual crowd    (just kidding)
I just like it how youtube put a banner under your video talking about election integrity. If only they really knew Matt. The guy who would use the digits of pi to create a sudo random data set that would be verifiable by the viewer.
I am curious about the distribution of Biden votes and down ballot votes.
12:00  Humans bad at random numbers?  If you're cheating on tax money, get a Dungeons & Dragons Dice Rolling App, and never worry again!  Make that percentile roll your bitch! "Snicker-snak!"
it's called benfords law meets virus law.
Awesome analysis showing how "science-based" arguments aren't always what they seem.
Great analysis
You should do this with data from Detroit.
Shouldn't we be analyzing data for counties and wards against those of two or three previous elections?
Youtube labels this, which means it is demonetized.... so someone defending the AP called outcome GETS DEMONETIZED as if they are Alex Jones on this issue?  Why bother?  WTH Youtube WTH.
Doesn't that exact same argument apply to the Trump vote?
I like how the "Trump Tower" encroaches on Pi's distribution.
Hello, Matt. Great video. I have an unrelated question, though.  You have been frequently using the pronoun 'they', and up to now I imagined it was because you were referring to people who you couldn't ask which they prefer. But in this video you used it with people you actually know, or know identify as 'he'.  I'm really curious why, but obviously you don't need to answer if it's too personal.
You should look in to some of the areas that are considered to be suspicious such as Wayne County, Michigan or some of the Wisconsin counties instead of Chicago. I don't think anyone has any question that the Chicago votes were correctly inputed.
PLEASE WRITE ANOTHER BOOK, Humble Pi was amazing. Keep it going
You used Chicago, were vote early, vote often is from. Along with Crook county. But a good explanation.  Thanks
If you believe this guy you’ll believe anything.
Thank you Matt for the informative video.
Very interesting! So am I right in understanding that Trump's vote totals follow Benford's law because they were a mix of 2- and 3-digit numbers, while Biden's did not because they were mostly 3-digit numbers? That would make sense because the precinct sizes were concentrated around 500, and large cities like Chicago tend to vote overwhelmingly for Democrats.
11:54 *THAT'S THE BOOK I BOUGHT! THAT'S THE BOOK I BOUGHT!*
Thank you for doing this analysis. I'm part of the 98.7%
Things applied by forensic accountants are far more telling.
Thank you so much for doing this, Matt!
I wish all political videos were like this one
what if the federal judges decline the election and pointed Biden as President and Trump as Vice-President ?, it would be perfectly balanced ?
Thank you for actually explaining the answer to a question a lot of people have. Much more useful than the little warnings social media companies have that "Election fraud is rare according to the AP" or whatever.
Fantastic video. Textbook example that a light touch is often better than a heavy hand when engaging with such topics. Many youtubers seem to cripple their own perfectly valid points with unnecessary subjective filler.
Thank you for the fair analysis.
Not going to lie, I was thinking this was going to be a voter fraud hyperbole video. Glad it was just an interesting math lesson.
The fact that Trump and Biden are mentioned in the same breath as Benford makes me think this Benford person is possibly a criminal....
If it only applies in data with many orders of magnitude then... duh? 1 comes before 2, which comes before 3. Meaning you're statistically more likely to get a 1 than a 2, because the 1 can occur without needing a 2, but the 2 cannot occur without first passing 1.
Great video no politics just data!  In before the comments section gets too spicy too!
That is WHY: https://youtu.be/6jOzWnUOrzM
I loved how non-political this is - just good content. Really interesting stuff. Keep up the great work!
Wouldn't it be hilarious if mathematicians actually found fraudulent TRUMP activity after all the crowing lol.
15:56 so what's ur agenda then? : :   16:20 ah, i see. ;)
Just wait for people reposting the first 30 seconds out of context
Talking about the Trump campaign double checking their own data for "sanity and integrity"! 😂🤣 Integrity from the Trump campaign! INTEGRITY!!! 😂😂🤣😂
I see that Trailbreaker back there :P
I would say that the reason for double digits is due to most rural counties being low in population. Rural counties tend to be red. Simple explanation. Good video! Thank you!
unmistakable evidence that they're deleting trump votes :)
"Well I would walk 100 miles, and I would walk 100 more, Just to be the man who followed Benford's Law, Followed it all the way right to your door!"
You missed one.... combine the vote totals for both candidates and then run the distributions.....
Moral of the story: Benford's law is not a good tool for election results. We have a lot of other, better tools to detect fraud, and even when one of the tools finds something odd, we must take a closer look at the data, because there might be, and often is, a normal explanation.
I love how objectively this video is made. No jumping to conclusions, no accusations, no unfounded claims, just mathematics :) and the fact you didn't just answer the question, but started digging deeper into things like the so-called Trump Tower, it really shows why you make such a good teacher!
Pretty sure the conversation isn't close to Illinois. Detroit or Philadelphia maybe.
amazing
I tried using Benford's Law in my country election a few years ago, grouping by cities (instead of our precincts, which are called "electoral zones"). Cities across the country span several orders of magnitude in population, so it checks that box. Every candidate followed benford's law pretty closely, from what I remember.   Of course with this method you have the problem of only looking at the global results of the election, so potentially a localized fraudulent data could be hiding amid all the other genuine data that was generated across the country.
You have your own agenda.  Getting people to verify.
How can I buy your book here in Brazil? I would like to buy one. Abraços do Brasil
So you have explained why Biden's counts don't follow Benford's law (very well I might add), but can you explain why Trump's does? Especially with so many two digit counts for Trump in those districts, you'd imagine there would be a more uniform distribution of all the digits between 0 and 9.
Yesterday I saw the phrase "Benford's Law" more times than I have in my whole life combined. Cool to hear a math term being used but not in this situation. So many people think this is proof of fraud. Even beyond the math part, Illinois was EASILY won by Biden. One of the last states they would ever try to commit fraud in.
I lol'd so hard at the last part
I DON'T WANT YOUR MATHS AND SCIENCE! I WANT ORANGE MAN TO WIN!
Matt, I love you, and I'm so glad you're debunking the fraud, but this has been such an infinite source of stress for me, I've already celebrated, I don't want to think about this any more
votes for reptilian candidates distribute differently; thats why.
Every side should put forward their best possible HONEST argument.
Trump not getting voted for in Chicago well that seem like nothing new. Now lets look at the curve of registered voter birth years and see how many are over 100 compared to US population over 100
You say this, that CPA Robert Bonevido says another. All this is doing is making everyone cynical and relying on ethos.  You asked for a forensic accountant. He thinks it WOULD work for elections.
This video is so well structured and written. The flow of information feels effortless.
Lots of dislikes compared to your normal videos, I guess some people don't like actual facts.
Wait, so your telling me the Biden crime family did not rig the election as part of the largest and most successful conspiracy in the world (after the moon faking of course)? LIAR!!! I bet you're gonna try and doop us into thinking Obama was born in Hawaii. Don't believe it people, it's ALL FAKE NEWS (this message brought to you by OAN)
no 0?
have you asked Siri how old the president is yet !?
The last distribution of the last digit could be interesting.. nah.. its just 10 bins, so it's probably boring..
Are you as entertained watching all this this happen in the States as I am?
I hope this title doesn't attract a whole load of dafties to your comment section, Matt.   Views nonetheless I suppose!
8:55 *Log* Normal, thank you very much.
This video will get a hell of a lot of views. It's hard to take anyone's word for anything in these times. Thanks for your contribution to good information.
Videos like this reinforce in me the disdain for the saying "math doesn't lie". In a sense it doesn't, but oh boy with some picking and choosing in what you display and how you display it, you can absolutely paint an incomplete and misleading story.
wow   u up late if u  in u Why  did Trumps fit  Benfords Law?
How does Benford's Law work in other bases? If we convert to a lower base, we would get a broader range of orders of magnitude-- would an analogue of Benford's law show up in the data then?
😂 I had a spreadsheet of the Chicago data open on my computer when this video came up in my feed.
Benford's is an acid test, it can be used as an indicator of places to look, it doesn't mean they are not explainable.  For forensic accountants alot of the time the evidence is circumstancial and indirect.
so many plot twists!!!!
I'm just glad to have made it into one of Matt's videos. I'm one of the data points on the chart!
If it is an affiliate link this is a good way to not get those in the future. A lot of clicks and few buys is not amazing for their statistics. Cause I assume your audience would go and look if it's there
Thank god, I was so fed up of seeing people yell at me online "Benford's Law" now I can just link them this video.
Sounds like you would get these exact results from precincts picking out and excluding most of one result over another.
As a Trump supporter and a reader of your books, I appreciate the objective look at this!
Oh no. Cnn is going to fact check you. At least if you've held your integrity as a mathematician and not allowed political bias to skew the video....
Loved the book. The story about having to turn missiles and planes off and on again to make them work might make a good video
OMG that opening though! "Right, ..."
Hey Matt, here's a fun little "you should look at the data from a number of different angles before drawing any conclusions" story that this video reminded me of: https://genomebiology.biomedcentral.com/articles/10.1186/s13059-020-02133-w
Michigan, Arizona, Georgia or Pennsylvania would be more interesting than Chicago
Very timely analysis
Wonderful content as always Matt. Very insightful. Now, a Trump supporter looking at this video might ask "Why was Trump getting so few votes in those Chicago districts?" Chicago is, of course, strongly held territory for the Democrats, so it is not completely surprising Trump has such as poor showing. I would be curious how these results compared to other Democrat held cities or how they compare to Trumps support in Chicago in 2016.
Both entertaining and embarrassing to see some of the comments posted when clearly they haven't watched the video. Bloody morons.
There is great detection method from Russian mathematician Shpilkin. He found strong correlation between Putins and result turnout percentage on voting point: higher tornout = higher Putins result. It is explained by ballot stuffing.
How to make a Matt Parker video: explain an interesting math topic and find a way to throw pi in it
I am incredibly appreciative that you presented your analysis in such an impartial manner. I've watched you for years and was afraid that watching this may have made me not want to watch anymore. That's an assumption that I was very silly in making. When first I saw the Benford's Law graphs I was unsure of what it was because I didn't know what it was and as you say correctly, everyone has their own agenda. You have earned yet more respect from myself and made me realise I have much to learn still from you, and not just maths, but of strength and integrity in the pursuit of attaining mastery. Thank you so much.
Tons of fishy things happening, mostly helping Biden, sometimes helping Trump. Just do a proper election with voter IDs, in person voting and transparency when counting that stuff out and you don't get into stupid arguments like that. Oh, and don't let dead people register to vote. That doesn't exactly raise trust.
nice transformer! trailbreaker is one of my faves, and those classic-style boxes are so fun.
Never heard of Benford's law. The thing I really think is the most sus is that in GA the secretary of state said there were 25,000 votes left to count and Trump was 18,500 ahead. Now Biden is over 10,000 ahead. So Biden got at least 28,500 votes out of <25,000.
Thank you Matt! There's been an *absolute firehose* of total BS that's been spreading for the past week, coming in all forms from all corners in overwhelming supply — so thank you for fighting the good fight against that!
Thank you for explaining this in such a non-partisan way, it’s refreshing to be able to enjoy content about politics without the creator injecting their own politics into the video
Yeah... As much as it pained me to bust this myth, I had to point the precinct size issue up to many a person on Twitter.
destroying internet misinformation with spreadsheets
I'm early lemme make a joke     my life
try covid and bayes theorem
They need to start bringing out maths experts on election coverage, its not like they don't have huge amounts of time.
HOW MUCH ARE THEY PAYING YOU?!  rofl xD
Gonna get trump supporters clipping this out of context and trying to use it as evidence of voter fraud.
That was fantastic.  Well done sir.
8:11 - Biden's votes don't follow Benford's Law because the data is not distributed uniformly
ok but why the fall guys music?
Time to comment before everyone decides that you're disagreeing and therefore must be wrong.
So yeah if I'm ever going to cheat some data then I'll generate those numbers randomly. Thanks for the advice.
Excellent video, great work!
great video. the nonsense is spreading like wildfire
Oh, I like this type of video, would love to see more like it.
Thank you so much I've been so sick and tired of the political bias Thank you for just truly keeping it to the maths!!!!!!!
Early!
Summary: no "tests" can by themselves demonstrate whether there is fraud or not. There is no smoking gun for why numbers swung one way or the other.  TL;DR - Use your brain, be skeptical but open-minded. Lies, damn lies, and statistics.
This is superb, ya funky maths boi :)
2:04 - The lead digit of what?
Only the US Supreme Court can determine the validity of Benford's Law
I would love to see a video about the email that couldn't be sent over 500 miles away.
now I want to open my copy and read the full Gimli Glider story again...
I always enjoy your analysis videos, Thanks Matt!
Yes, I elect ion data, give me that information on charged particles.
Congrats on getting on the Waterstones list! Well deserved!
Could precincts have been throwing out trump votes? Could the data reveal it?
Be great if you did this for "swing" state cities
In before the ‘they’re trying to steal this election (screech) !!!!’
very interesting. the vast difference is still jsut so wild.
"AND ELECT ION DATA"      To be honest, if there were someone named "Ion Data" running for any position, I'd be very tempted to elect them based on the name alone.
I love it, this is so interesting
Standard distribution deviation been a rather common tool to display fraud in elections in Russia. Graphs with spikes on 90% 85% 80% 75% 70% even been nicknamed after the previous head of the electoral committee “Churov’s saw”.
Love this and sharing it
trump tower xD
Chicago isn't what is being debated using benfords law. Its michigan and wisconsin votes cast entirely for biden at 4am. This is cherry picked to be one of the few examples that is likely valid despite not fitting benfords law to make it seem like this applies everywhere. That is wrong.
This is what we call a bruh moment
I got banned from thedonald.win (basically just a website meant to take the place of r/thedonald since it got banned) for pointing this out to someone on a post about Benford's Law and Detroit.
Trump tower looks a little like it should have an eye of Sauron on top of it.
2069 nice
U mixed the transition volume too loud but i love u and ur research and reporting style
It couldn't be that they broke the law.😏 "Oh, no... not JoeBiden" (thank you Maya Rudolph on SNL)
For the muffin story, any professional criminal will know never to have routines.
I  suggest  people  do  some  more  research . Not  all  forensic  accountants  agree  with  this  guy .
Thank you from across the pond for helping use data to prove those trying to misuse the data as being wrong!
Every single righty f**k in this comments section should wreck their router and snap their SIM card ✌️💪💙
Great video! Thank you!
Wait, who's saying benford's law is awesome for election? I've only seen it crop up on r/dataisugly and r/mathsisugly. Both places are trying to collect all the bad charts, and they're having trouble finding some.
Dr. Walter R. Mebane Jr., who himself is notably the first person to academically apply Benford's law to election statistics, has published a short explanation (10 whole pages) of his own explaining how it does not suitably apply to the 2020 election. It's very enlightening. http://www-personal.umich.edu/~wmebane/inapB.pdf
Lol "problematic at best" is going to be my new motto
Who is Ion Data and where can I elect him
Posted at 3am GMT. Are you posting from Australia?
18 people don't understand benford's law
what
What we all really want to know is if the election results somehow form a fibonacci geographically
When maths goes political it is fantastic!
Why are iou uploading a video at 3am oooooh it’s to get those lovely American views lol
I am so early. Who else watched this at under 10 mins since upload
FRAUD!!!!            I'm just joking; I'll watch the video now.
As someone who lives in America, I find this video very interesting! Thank you for creating!
It's what lead to the bust of Bernie Madoff
Unfortunately even a logical explanation is bound to be ignored by people hell bent on finding controversy to suit their agenda
are you a republican?
why you bald?
Oh wow I'm incredibly early! Very interesting topic to talk about, all across the world we're all talking about the US election, and it's great to see a mathematical perspective on some of the numbers that some people yell out "fraud" about.
The paper cited had problems with its methods.  '“Benford's Law and the Detection of Election Fraud” raises doubts about whether a test based on the mean of the second significant digit of vote counts equals 4.187 is useful as a test for the occurrence of election fraud. The paper mistakenly associates such a test with Benford's Law, considers a simulation exercise that has no apparent relevance for any actual election, applies the test to inappropriate levels of aggregation, and ignores existing analysis of recent elections in Russia. If tests based on the second significant digit of precinct-level vote counts are diagnostic of election fraud, the tests need to use expectations that take into account the features of ordinary elections, such as strategic actions. Whether the tests are useful for detecting fraud remains an open question, but approaching this question requires an approach more nuanced and tied to careful analysis of real election data than one sees in the discussed paper.' - Walter R. Mebane
Here before the video has views
Biden’s just built different
It's OK,  the Democrats can pass a bill declaring Benford's Law unconstitutional.
I've been waiting for this.
This comment section is gonna get wild.
Fast i am
oh my god, i'm so early
First! ;-)
drumf has left the chat
Why do Biden's votes not follow Benford's Law? Bi-don't know
I don’t know you tell me.
Getting some insight behind the votes from a mathematician is refreshing.
This comment section is going to get nasty. Hello from Canada!
fourth?
Hi Matt
I've never been so early
Oh boy.
