I used to play Turtles with my sister and her Barbie dolls. She always wanted the turtles to marry Barbie and I was always making them drop kick her barbie in the face. Good times.
I think that R was the first time I noticed that kind of shit
These guys would love talk pages
So is this a review of the movie or a complete history of the comics
Gotta love an ad break right after they talked about pizza and the ad i get? Dominos, lol.
Gray shirt is such a nerd
comming..........
need a re:view of a movie filmed in NYC 1990? Check out Quick Change!
i like to re:Watch this episode a lot. its a goodie.
I remember it being TMNT in the UK in the 90s, so I'm guessing the non ninja name was in other European countries.
i think i may only enjoy these videos as a way to visit the perspective of you boomers who seem to actually enjoy life and creation. i’m as jealous as a person could be i guess. i wish i were happy.  life ain’t great
coming ......... to a conclusion.
TMNT 2 was a Pizza Hut and toy commercial...
I love the 2nd movie as much as the first.
PALADIUM!😂😂😂 TMNT RPG! Where my friends and I created "The Over-the-Hill Abnormal Kung-Fu Rodents!"
Not only is it Michelangelo instead of Raphael who is really emotional about Splinter, it’s his nunchucks that Splinter uses to defeat Shredder.
The first Episode is what was mostly adapted to the movie .    April’s Van 🚐 being robbed and turtle defending her
Good vid dude.  People need to be intelligently informed and reminded of the hypocrisy
I think it’s insane we as a society have successfully memory holed the fact that Michael Bay did not direct the 2014 and 2016 TMNT movies. He only produced them.
I recently saw the 35th anniversary theatrical re-release of the 1990 film… and yes, the movie definitely holds up! The practical effects and stunt work, the Jim Henson animatronics, solid storytelling, and the gritty tone will allow this now classic film to find new fans in another 35 years. While the following movies are different, I’d put TMNT ‘90 right alongside Batman ‘89, Mortal Kombat (original), and The Crow featuring Brandon Lee as personal favorites from that era of time.  They’re all gritty but have heart and ultimately capture things that are very true about life - like a rose growing out of a dark corner in a harsh place.
The goofy stuff was fine. Come on now. The movie works so well b/c of the balance.
What if we add to the wiki page of TMNT 2 that there has been a persistent joke that Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to "Go Ninja Go" which originated from Red Letter Media?  The details about that being continuously added to the wiki as a joke.  Surely that is ok and relevant to the film lore now.
Siskel and Ebert obviously disliked it
I recognize that this is the better movie, but the second one is infinitely more watchable for me.
Just saw this last night in theaters and loved and enjoyed more than ever. Holds up extremely well.
Genuinely curious if Jay has ever experienced any emotion remotely resembling 'joy'...?
Yea that’s called a heavy bag guys haha
Cheese Pizza!!
The hyena laugh guy completely ruins this.
Just rewatched the original TMNT movie in theatres for its 35 anniversary. The movie still holds up in grand fashion all these years later. Rewatching it now as a 40 something, the excellent pacing, fight choreography and film's score especially stood out to me.
This guy probably not trump supporter 🙄
I get Jay isn't as big of a fan of this movie, but his comment about how the effects could barely pull off the Turtles is just ignorant. It's mind blowing how well the majority still holds up, given how long ago this came out. It's just shows no matter how ridiculous a premise if done with care and attention to detail can make anything feel believable. I feel Jay wants to appear to be a fan of this, but really isn't. I usually enjoy his commentary but here he feels like he's here to bash on it when ever possible.
They were all great as a kid, even the third. That might have been a part of why I was, still am interested in history including feudal Japan lol
Isn't that a thing only in UK... I grew up in Croatia, and it was always ninja turtles
27:45 He worked on the movie. Rich: This is before he died right?
“🐮” 39:37 love ya rich, never change.
I remember wanting the movie to be more like the cartoon.  So, I loved TMNT2.  It was a movie for kids, and i was a kid.
Seeing the second movie in theatres, and thinking "Oh no. It's over. It's done."
Been going back through BotW catalog for past 6 years on repeat; decided to revisit Re:View and this is such an  interesting episode. I was born in '90 and loved them as a 6 yr old but never knew the capacity and thought that has been put behind it as well as Freddy has been one of my favorite guests on the show.  I'm gonna go watch this movie this weekend now.
I was the production sound mixer and Sound Designer on the Street Trash remake  I love RLM and it's an honor to be mentioned in this review. Street Trash means a lot to many filmmakers across the world & I knew going in that we wouldn't be able to capture the OG films magic but we worked hard to be as respectful as possible because this movie deserves more respect.  I can't believe something I worked on got mentioned in a re:view  Thank you Josh and Jay for making a dream of mine come true.
I appreciate the movie more the older I get
Yeah nothing says "Im not a chomo!" More than defunding the org that specifically goes after chomos like you and your associates
Rich Evans is my favorite Turtle
They are constantly rebooting the animated to change the designs and sell new toys My favourite are 2012 and the 90 one. after those has being another show and the new Seth's movie Mutant Meyhem
I don't know if anyone is going to read this comment after so much time has passed since this video, but I want to add some fun facts. As Rich said at the beginning of the video, the Turtles' art initially all wore red masks. The colors and the initials on the belt were added by the cartoon to visually individualize each Turtle. The first April in the film was replaced due to production issues. She defended the actors inside the Turtles because they were mistreated and underpaid. The actor who plays Rafael has a cameo as the taxi passenger. The Asian friend in the second one is one of the actors who was inside one of the Turtles in the first one. He made such a good impression with his technique and acting that they created that role for him for the sequel. The Turtles' heads had so many motors inside to control their movements that they overheated, and the actors had to constantly cool themselves.
Between chables, lost & found people, and punching the bags that you hit, I think it is time they informed the senate that their ability to use the Language has diminished
i love this movie so much  and man.... i love being a turtle :  )
Freddie is so great
I have the worms comic book. Where shredder  comes back.
I was having a little watch of this flick today and one of the gang kids looked a lot like Sam Rockwell so I looked it up and yeah it was him
Just picked up a VHS copy of this ay the thrift store recently. Watxhing that Pizza hut commercial at the start really hit the nostalgia feels.
coming
Did you get permission to use clips from Space Cop?
In France they are called Les Tortues Ninja. As a child I had no idea they were teenagers and mutants. It aired in the context of a kid show alongside anime like Hokuto no Ken (Fist of the North Star) , so the violence was not an issue 😁
I tend to skip reviews in favor of botw but im glad i finally watched this one i learned allot
It'd be pretty neat to either have this trio come back or at least have Rich Evans and Freddy come back and discuss the animated adaptation of Batman/TMNT.
32:11 it’s called a heavy bag 😂
Don't forget Mastodons
Gonna go hit my bag that you hit.
Say all you want but 11 year old me really loved the second movie.
It's been two years since this re:View came out, but I still get back to this every few months. The amount of just incredible fun end enthusiasm Rich and Freddie have on the subject matter always brings a smile to my face.
*can RLM review 'Mirrormask'?*
Splinter's long pause makes you wonder about the secret of the ooze.
40:14 and a million DeviantArtists were born
In the original comic, Splinter trained them to be living weapons, as instruments for his revenge against shredder. Of course, we know that splinter loves them dearly, as evident by the following comics/cartoons. But to turn what is essentially your sons, in to tools, is the shadow of an even darkwr story. If he didnt care about the turtles at all, we would have a very depressing and grim story about a horrible way to handle grief, and using others to fulfill your desire for vengence.
Just wanted to say that when Rich says "the making of it will be a story that is told for the ages" when referring to this video, after this review came out, I read every single issue of the original TMNT series, and now the movie is in my top 5 ever! Despite them joking about it, I have a new favorite franchise because of their review lol
Cold blooded chameleon commandos was another comic book.
you can do worms
This is my favorite interview of all time!
20:46 I'll stop it there and go sleep.
I had no idea they were called Hero turtles in Europe, I'm belgian speaking french, and the anime we watched was called "Tortues ninjas" (ninja turtles), the comics had the Ninja as well !
You can tell Rich loves the Ninja turtles. He's screaming at the top of his lungs through this whole episode 😂😂
1990 was a great year full of great films, TMNT was one of them. Watched it opening weekend during an extended vacation in Miami, awesome memories.
this episode has such awkward energy
Where is Splinter? 42:12
Looks like a bearded Leonard from big bang theory
Didn't know "Ninja" was removed from Euro titles. Note: there is a ninja action park in Mie prefecture, Japan (+ much other germane cultural stuff in Japan)
36:45
Am I the only one that noticed Skeet Ulrich is in the movie???
In hindsight if reading "The Last Ronin", all the original plans for Michelangelo in the movie make so much sense
Can I just come here and say this is the best episode of anything on this channel, goddamn the knowledge here is insane.
That end scene with shredder and splinter on the roof is edited so crappy, that I didn’t even know that shredder threw a knife and that splinter catches it till I was an adult
Fun Fact; the guy in the cab who says, "What the heck was that?!" when Raph rolls over the hood of the cab, is the guy who does Ralph's voice.
As a young teen, I think TMNT resonated because of the themes of father and sons, brotherhood, duty versus freedom, and being an outsider... AND ninjas.
The original TMNT comic was a joke in one way because the idea parodied all the most prominent 80s comic tropes; like mutants (from X-Men and The Dark Knight Returns), teenagers (from Teen Titans and X-Men), seemingly random talking animal characters (like Howard the Duck), and a dark and gritty tone (comics at that time in general). But I honestly don't know if I'd go as far as to call the original comic as a whole a "joke" or a straight-up "parody." Despite the fact that the original idea started out as a joke between friends, the obvious parodic elements of the concept, and the references in the original story to Daredevil, the top priority of Eastman and Laird's original comic seemed to be carving out a unique name for itself in the then-current comic book landscape. And a good way to do that was by hooking consumers with humorously familiar tropes. I mean it can't really be a straight parody if Eastman and Laird wanted to tell those exact kinds of stories in a sincere way. Because honestly the Daredevil references in the original comic read more to me as a homage to a property that the creators enjoy, rather than as a parody of Daredevil. I mean it's not like the TMNT even have anything significant in common with Daredevil story-or-character-wise, other than the very general idea of vigilantes dealing with an enemy ninja clan (which can describe many comic stories). TMNT was Eastman and Laird's attempt at genuinely striking a chord with readers in ways that go beyond the strictly parodic. I always thought of it as a parodical idea being used as the vessel to tell the types of comic stories they've always wanted to.
💚
just watched it tonight. movie holds up (mostly).
Your predictions were true, guys. This is an epic episode. Freddie RULES.
Kevin Eastman is still involved because he doesn't have the money that Peter Laird has. Kevin Eastman is a Taurus who lost all his money. And Peter sold the turtles when he was a sole owner and made 60 million. Peter doesn't have to work a day in his life
This 1990 is still funnier than both of Michael Bays TMNT movies and its not the childhood nostalgia that makes me like it more but the fact that its genuinely a fun movie.
Regular, or menthol?
The shot of the splinter puppet flinging the shredder dummy over the roof gets me every time
They failed to mention one of the most blatant TMNT rip-offs: Samurai Pizza Cats
The weird wrinkle line on the back of their neck actually kind of looks like a real turtles neck.  Their skin  folds up on itself when they pull their neck into their shell and does make a pretty discernable line on the back of their neck lol.
Space Cop 2 WHEN
Freddie talks about how Judith Hoag has a brilliant smile.  I was rewatching your wheel of the worst episode and you, Freddie, genuinely have a wonderful smile.
for the censoring abroad, we had some mad things (UK) nunchakus simply couldnt be shown on TV, ninja got changed to hero , it wasn't just TMNT that got it i have some MTG cards like heroic strength where the pentagram has been removed. ther was a huge amount of dubbing in films on TV swapping out any semi rude word. the 80's were weird
You guys forgot the round table for your roundtable discussion.
I can remember, as a kid, seeing the American version first on a VHS cassette, then seeing it at the cinema slightly later and the British version was quite heavily edited. The nunchuck  face off between Michelangelo and the Foot clan ninja was completely cut out, as was the scene where Splinter has Shredder hanging from the rooftop a the end and Shredder throws the knife at him, in the British version, he just falls straight off the edge.
Manchildren simping over such a mid movie is absolutely adorable
This is probably my favorite re:View episode, because it's finally a big franchise movie Jay really likes in addition to Freddie's and Rich's complete devotion. Completely different to the Star Trek ones that Jay despises lol.
I have a sudden, irresistible urge to order pizza....
Jay's dismissive and constant snark in this one is really annoying. Wish it wouldve been just Rich and Freddie
Does Rich Evans do voice work? He should
Is this before jim henson died no rich he did it after he died
Can confirm TMNT III made it to the theaters… I saw it in the theater although I was too young to pay attention 😂
Am I the only one who thinks Masters of the Universe was actually a good movie?😄
That stunt performer… he didn’t look human. Like at all.
Sooner or Later by the English Beat. "Just hold my hand while I come...(beat) to a decision on it" reminds me of Splinter. "Coming!...(beat) to a decision." Both know what they are doing
He CAME on the set?
Freddie's involvement was great and gave a lot of interesting background info, but I really wish this video had focused more on the movie itself instead of discussing the larger franchise in the first half. I feel like there's so much you can discuss about this movie in terms of the "usual" stuff like cinematography, effects, acting, dialogue, etc.
Great video. You can tell all 3 of you love the turtles.
y'all forgot about Radioactive Adolescent Black-Belt Hamsters
the 2003 series will always be the best one. had that mix of kid friendly but dark to it; it's on par with those 90s-2000s justice league/batman animated shows
36:54
It was so dumb that parents were worried about the turtles using weapons. So instead they got what they wished for, the weapons were removed, but now they’re using every day household objects and toys as weapons. Now the kids can learn how to use a Yo-yo to put someone’s eye out. Congratulations.
Story of the Hero turtle name change was down to the head of the British Board of Film "Classification".   There had been BS stories in the tabloid press concerning kids buying ninja weapons,  and he became terrified to the point that they were effectively banned from appearing in non 18 rated movies.  Once he left the job,  the ban was lifted and a little sanity returned to the BBFC.   Anyway,   while the ban was in place it was wiser to keep the word ninja out of the title of any kids entertainment,  so while the turtles weren't censored directly,   the cooling effect led to the name change.
One of the best jokes in the first movie (which I appreciate way more as an adult) is in the fight between Raphael and Casey when Raphael grabs Casey’s bat and says  “A Jose Canseco bat?! Tell me, you didn’t pay money for this!” It aged so beautifully.
I didn’t know I need to hear this pod, but i did
Casey Jones' "Oops" is a core movie moment for me.  It kills me it's not really in the zeitgeist.
Mikey will eventually have to deal with his brothers and father being gone in the upcoming movie.
My first intro was the TMNT rpg. DnD was played out at that point. TMNT and battle cars saved that for me. God I feel old.
46:49 thinking of when Wikipedia locked the page for All Dogs Go To Heaven 2 because someone in a youtube video joked about adding "Gordon Freeman dies" to it and people went and did it.
Did you guys know that Frank Miller wrote the Go Ninja Go song?
That last two minutes repeating the "please don't update wikipedia saying Frank Miller wrote the go-ninja-go-ninja-go rap" just made me laugh til i cried
born in 1985 this movie and cartoon series were seminal to my forming identity.  Cowabunga.
I remember seeing this in the theatres and being disappointed that Rock Steady and Bepob weren't in it. Then in the sequil I was like who are these cheap knockoffs. Ninja rap was super cringe and made me uncomfortable. Go ninja go ninja go! As a kid I was like what is this shit? adults are weird.
Storyterller ist a wonderful peace of art. I love it still
I love this film. As a child I used to watch it over and over. I still love it and think it's great. Very dark and lots of phychlogical elements to it as well.
Omg! I cannot believe someone mentioned ninjas and super spies! I'm pretty sure I still have it somewhere.
It's weird how Jay thinks Casey sitting on the porch swing and it collapsing was an accident. Why the hell would they just show him sitting there if nothing else was going to happen? Dude can tell you who was the key grip on a student film but doesn't know that!?
yeah the originals were black & white and larger format no need for individual colors
It still holds up today.
Huge thanks to the editor for cutting out dude's screeching laugh as much as they could. Sounds like the joker inhaled helium and is imitating Krang's voice.
🐁 “Coming……..”   😂
When I was a kid, I had a tmnt hat that had the ® symbol next to the logo, and when I noticed it, I thought it meant that the movie was rated R, and that I wouldnt be able to watch the VHS anymore, and started crying
45:38 I would pay an embaressing amount of money for a Space Cop Comic written by RLM with Freddie Williams doing the art
Tickle Me Splinter
Fun fact, the passenger in the cab that Raphael flips over is actually the voice of Raphael
When I was a kid I loved how grim and dark this movie was. When the sequel came out I remember being so disappointed because it was not as grungy and real as this one. The sequel felt like a saturday morning cartoon.
Damn this was an epic episode.
The funny thing about TMNT comics is that they based the 1990 film off the comics, but then decided to make a comic based on the movie. I grew up with the TMNT comics that were based on the film which just ended up being a weird colorized version of the original comics lol. It's sort of like Street Fighter: The Movie The Arcade Game.
1990 TMNT is by far the best film in the franchise! Secret of the ooze is ok imo.
Aw man I have great memories with this movie. When I was a kid my dad would take me to blockbbuster whenever it rained (It didn't rain often where I grew up) and I remember renting these movies and watching them.
Teenage Neutered Midget Poodles
Space worms are some mango shit, seems like Eastman and laird like Japanese comics.
Mikey had to face a world without splinter he was the last turtle
The original movie came out at a time when I was trying to be more adult because I was about to head off to university, and I was a bit sensitive to the fact comics were still seen as a kids' medium, so I wasn't a fan of the cartoons, or the Archie comics version, or the film given how it didn't quite stick to the mood of the original comics. Now, having watched it with my kids, and as an adult who now finds many modern 'mature' comics to be soulless, pretentious drivel, and many others (no, not all) to be political screeds by people with contempt for the industry or who just cannot write, I've reassessed the film. It is decent enough family entertainment that did its best with the limitations with effects at the time, while being something adults can sit through. Something the sequels failed at.
i like
I am Jays detached perspective on a childhood movie.
me as well palladium I was the older cousin metaphorically
I'm holding out for the shredder/venom symbiote crossover.
Damn, I had no idea Frank Miller wrote Ninja Rap! I wonder if that's on his Wikipedia page...
someone's wheezing sounded like my cat trying to get my attention
Freddy's seems to be such a down to earth and cool person.
I find it weird that the thumbnail image uses a picture of the ripped and rotting Leonard costume that was found a few years ago instead of an actual promotional image or still image from the movie.
“This is a project he did before he died right?”
I met some of the cast at a convention and François Chau was talking about how he loved the first movie so when he got the call to be the Shredder in 2 he was super excited. Till he read the script. Judith Hoag was amazing. Very friendly and u can tell she was having fun
OMG PALLADIUM BOOKS MENTIONED!
The third movie was an atrocity. To this day I'm still on certain about what the significance of one of the dungeon prisoners resembling Casey because it seems to have no purpose
12:11 so awesome how Rich remembers how Shredder came back to life!!! It's an insane story!!!
I remember watching it in Poland and we didn't have any issues with using ninja LUL i guess maybe UK had an issue but majority of european countries have used TMNT
9-year-old me noticed Splinter's tail when he told Raph to sit and listen. I always thought that was an amazing touch. It grounded the character & made me believe he was in our world.
Man TMNT was my young childhood. TMNT 1 and 2 (we dont talk about 3), the cartoons, the arcade game. Then I graduated to DBZ, Rurouni Kenshin, Ghost in the Shell, and my favorite story of all time in any medium, One Piece.  Never stopped loving animation and it all started with TMNT (and Thundercats).
I wanna time machine to play with my ninja turtle toys with jay  :)
i love how rich can talk toe to toe about tmnt with someone who created some of their comics
Teenage Turtle Martial Artists doesn't have the same catch to it
Planariun worms was how Alan Moore explained how a burnt and dead Alec Holland became SWAMP THING in the classic ANATOMY LESSON arc. Shredder's return is based on this.
"He did this before he died."  Yes.  He did everything before he died.
I've never heard Jay & Rich be more silent than when they're listening to Freddie talk about TMNT
I feel like nostalgia is a big reason I like lots of my childhood movies. Maybe they're not as objectively good as I always thought they were.
Do a re:view of "Powder" (1995) and/or "Phenomenon" (1996) .... both the best movies of their respective years.
This is the greatest thumbnail evah.
I loved the 1990 TMNT movie. Raphael is my favorite of the 4.
They've locked the Frank Miller page. They haven't locked the TMNT 2 OST page...
I love how yall did an episode about the tmnt movie and spent 90% of the video talking about everything else. Having holiday special flashbacks.
I can’t forgive Jay for calling the fight scenes in Ninja Turtles awkward
the movie was awesome set me down the ninja path after first watch.
Looks like he could put those dudes in his pocket and walk around!
The 2003 series is the one I grew up on. Super comic accurate, good animation, decent voice acting, nobody ever talks about it when talking about the turtles in general though.
wow these 2 idiots obviously watched this as adults. after my brother and i watched this as kids we came home and played ninjas for days. we didnt care vanilla ice was in the show or that they left the registered trade mark "R" in the title.
it's a good movie. for similar characters- I also collected Adolescent Radioactive  Black Belt Hamsters which is a very irreverent indie Turtles parody
That Palladium game was awesome! I had Ninjas and Super Spies and still have a copy of Heroes Unlimited. You can easily make TMNT in that game.
That's crazy, I had the exact same experience as Jay. Went to see the premiere at the mall movie theater and the line went all the way through the mall. We dressed up in nice clothes (for kids) like it was a special event.
If you don't think Jim Henson could do "grim and violent", you've never seen the old "Wilkins Coffee" commercials/snuff films starring proto Kermit "Wilkins" and the brand X loyal "Wontkins" from the 50's and 60's lol  Wilkins: "Care for a cup of Wilkins coffee?"  Wontkins: "No I don't like coffee..."  *very REAL snub-nosed revolver appears from off screen and shoots Wontkins point blank in the head, execution style*  Wilkins: "This has been a public service!"
u should do that but tie in KRANG as the one who had the worm technology too make shredder the slave he always became
Freddie seems like such a nice and genuine dude. Happy to see him back.
I wonder if someone would be able to incorporate some of part 2 with 1 to create a super edit!
There was a Rambo cartoon?!?!?!? Man kids in the 80s had the best stuff. All I had was pxssy 90s cartoons
Second movie is the one I remember most, rewatched it a few years ago and still loved it. Lots of good lol moments, and I've always liked how that ooze had magical and imaginative powers. Its alot of fun. Watching this vid tho, I definitely want to revisit the first one and experience the more adult vibe, pathos and again those awesome characters.
The first TMNT I watched was 2. I finally sat down and watched the first one about 4 months ago lol I was shocked and how good it was. Animatronics aside from the splinter scene at the end lol were good. The entire film was great. They are vaguely remember April being a different actress in in part 2 compared to part one.
"The bag that you hit." 💀
Easily one of my top 3 favorite guests.
I remember my parents taking me to see the third Turtles film in theaters.  At the time, I was disappointed that there were no villains from or at least inspired by the cartoon.  I didn't notice or care how cheap it looked.  Going to see the Turtles on the big screen still felt like an event. Watching it today, it feels obviously rushed with poor effects and dated humor but the idea of time travel and the Turtles in feudal Japan was actually a good one.
I just went to see the new animated one. And it was great! Which surprised me because this 1990 has been the best Turtles film and one of my favorite movies ever...the tone, jokes, music, costuming, fights. It's aged so well
28:10. That looks like baby Grinch from the Jim Carrey "How The Grinch Stole Christmas" movie but with out the green skin and fur.
I recently did a rewatch of TMNT thanks to this Re:View and yeah the first TMNT holds up incredibly well. It was such a fun movie to watch.
I wouldn't say Big Bad Beetleborgs was a ripoff of Power Rangers seeing as it was the same Japanese and American studios.
39:38 is one of my favourite Rich sounds. It's like a dying gazelle.
When I was a kid I loved TMNTs. I was at my brother's high school football game and found a $20 bill on the ground and used it to buy TMNT the movie. It was meant to be.
I watched that one with my dad. Of course he snored into the ears of everyone in the cinema hall which earned my glances of hate by the other viewers.
Great mfin episode you guys are the top of this fun but also informed movie commentarys. No replacement for you guys. Great mfin attitude and energy.
Too bad they wasted the new movies
But when they mess with the turtles i ge t pissed
Always thought they shouldve done baxter and the mousers for the second one, then used that as the breadcrumb to tcri in a third.   Sadly, we got giant shredder and vanilla ice. :(
Another reference to The Noid was when the turtles find Danny hiding in the locker in the sewer.  A huge stuffed Noid is draped over him when they pull him out.
I don't think the Splinter pupper looked that awkward at all! I didn't think so as a kid in the 90s and I don't think so as an adult either.
13:04 That high-pitched cackle is absolutely eardrum-piercing.
Somehow Shredder returned.
16:26 The mask literally happens in the 2007 animated movie? lol
there must be some kind of anniversary or something as this is the 2nd time ive seen a video doing this about the turtle movies ! its a bit of a coincidence if not !
Whenever Mike is not physically on camera for the review, he still haunts it through edition, like a malevolent presence
In my opinion, TMNT is best when it’s gritty and you should still be able to throw goofy in there because we already saw them do that in the 1990 films. We can have our cake and eat it too if we could just get the franchise rates in the right hands and far far away from nickelodeon
I would love to hear them having a conversation about the Last Ronin comic 🐢🐢🐢🐢🍕
Okay, that explanation as to how the Shredder came back in the comics is the most Resident Evil ass thing I've heard...  Because that's basically the plot of Resident Evil 0.
hi
for some reason the only thing I know abt the TMNT palladium book is that it has a call of Cthulhu style Insanity Table… and “homosexuality” is on there
Turtles 2 was amazing, was with all the digs at it? Ninja rap was a phenomenon! But the 3rd one was awful. That's where you gotta draw the line. Everything else that came out after that was pretty much mediocre too unfortunately.   They got it right first time with the movie. As a kid watching that movie in the cinemas was basically the highlight of my life and i never wanted it to end. I never got the VHS though for some reason.  The other media was good though, some parts of the animated series and the archie series were great, they don't all deserve to be swept under the rug.
Guys... I don't know if you know this. But on amazon x-ray of Ninja Turtles 2: Secret of the ooze it ALSO says that Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to go ninja go. I'm not kidding. Now please do a re:view of all other ninja turtles please.
I want to see tmnt / daredevil cross over
I definitely did not just update Frank Miller’s Wikipedia. Most certainly not. I would never. 😅
Why haven't we gotten a special Half in the Bag episode with Freddie Williams for Mutant Mayhem?
Bill Burr likes some real shit movies.
I’ll fuckin’ do it again
As someone who was there for the original Mortal Mortal Monday...my now 41yr eyes have just witnessed something my younger self would never have believed. If Raiden eventually screams "Hiiiiyaaabubbalae" while super manning it across the screen I will die a happy man 😂
frank miller writing the lyrics for go ninja go is the most mike joke ever hahahahhah
its crazy how stuff from our childhood can hit us so deeply like the fire scene. I cant watch the sandlot without eventually being overcome by emotions of being a kid just playing ball all day ... good stuff, no matter what the topic is, if its done well it will stay with you forever.
Freddie Williams is one of the best artists in the biz. Loved this review guys. 🐢
I'm honestly surprised to hear after so many years that Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to the ninja rap
Restore the Barron cut!
We had TMNT here in Czech Republic and the name was just translated with the word "ninja" in it. So we had no issue with assassins :D.
They haven't been called hero turtles since the original show, and even then it was just a marketing thing. They were still called ninjas in the show
re:Watching this excellent re:View (Freddie is best guest) in anticipation for the Shredder's Revenge DLC
I loved the first Turtles, It was dark and gritty yet abit humerous, Splinters puppet looked so real...the best of them all even the CGI version.
I CANNOT wait for the Middle Aged Buddha Beetles reboot. Any other MABBers in the comments?
I had a big crush on Judith Hoag when they replaced her I was so sad
One of the best of this format of video.
I never felt that way about splinter on the rooftop scene. Instead he looks to me so masterfully in control of the situation because of how calmly he stands there, and all it takes is a slight hand movement to defeat Shredder. For me it really works to show how superior he is and how better his calm, thinking state is over Shredder's rage.
So nice hearing Jay talking about being a kid and a legitimate fan of TMNT, and really into it.
Kevin Eastman is one of the coolest dudes I've had the chance to talk with.
Coming…
Thanks again
Simpsons also started off as a lark. I guess don't underestimate larks?
I love this conversation about the 90's Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie.
Is it bad that I always mix this guy up with that half in the bag guy that shows up every so often
Excellent video, but I must point out a little error: Steve Barron's first movie was Electric Dreams, not Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Just read Freddie Williams’s comic Batman + TMNT III (multiverse plot) and it is AWESOME and am now a big fan of his art.
Do TMNT: Mutant Mayhem please.
Growing up in Canada during the 90's, I'm not sure if the live action movies or the toys hit me first. I know that April O'Neill was my first crush, either way!
new line stuff in the 90s was my fav stuff lots of dark contrasting light and every suface was wet so it was shiny as shit.
2003 show was awesome
40:28 I fucking loved Street Sharks as a kid. I think my parents bought it on DVD, and for a short period I watched it all the time. Thanks for bringing back those memories
Stunt double face doesn't look like a normal face
I remember expecting and being pleased by the dark tone of the first movie because it followed Batman 89...it set the stage for movies to be the darker, more serious takes on comic / TV properties
I love the episodes with Freddie!
Louisiana girl here. When all my friends went to beaches for graduation/spring break, I went to NY, NY. It was 1999 and I wanted to know what that city was like because of TMNT. 🤣  I was also the only girl out in the farming rural areas who begged to take karate
Oh Jay's commentary about Bettleborgs made my brain synapses fire in such a weird way. Big Bad Bettleborgs were a Saban show. You know what else was a Saban show? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation. A live action TMNT with a female turtle as the fifth member. They also had a power rangers cross over.
Animatronics done well, will beat any CGI!
Jay wears the same shirt almost every episode now lol (I have the same shirt from Walmart)
Rich saves the movie for Freddy!
"coming..." reminds me of Karate Kid III "Jacket on, jacket off"
Still one if my all time favorite movies. I’m planning to watch it with my daughter. Man time flies.
Let's not forget...SAMURAI PIZZA CATS!!
Say what you will, but the first film kicks the ass of anything Nickelodeon has done to the franchise from the past decade or so
That thumbnail is disingenuous at best
I feel like the guy who made primal would make a fire adult themed TMNT
I just really really wanna hear Rich say  “Babies! They’re… babies!!!”
Thsnk you Frank for all the things you've done
42:17 😂😂😂 "Cuming."
The noid is also on a napkin briefly!
It’s crazy to learn Frank Miller wrote the ninja rap in TMNT 2
The first movie was a masterpiece, the entirety of the TMNT universe is held up by that one movie.
I remember watching the TMNT cartoon, eating TMNT cereal, in my TMNT bowl, wearing my TMNT pajamas. The hype was real. My cousin and I saw this together as kids, afterwards we were looking down the sewers to see if they were down there. 30 years later we went to see the special anniversary theatrical release together, epic. This re:View is "a little TOO Raph..."  🍕🐢🐢🐢🐢
Burlington Coat Factory also use to randomly have those comic packages too.  Toys R Us had them as well in their video game section.  You could get some good deals.
Somthing about fuzzy turtles
One of the great examples of 'its so bad its good'.
I always assumed that the success of Batman ‘89 influenced them to go a little darker. Maybe I’m completely off on the production times of both movies though.
20:44 😂😂😂😂
Space worms 😂😂😂😂😂
I was just reading the TMNT and Batman books the other day and made it a point to read the credits because the artwork was so damn good...then I see this video, and had no idea it was the same Freddie Williams! So cool!
Fun fact: After watching this video, if you haven't already done it, you will be going to Frank Miller's Wikipedia page.
what a legend - the lead of the movie and also an extra. Always there to help the film shine, by taking additional responsibilities. Just like that time with Drew Berrymore production. And now his birthday has been drawn by a famous comic artist.
I always thought this movie looked a lot like "Cobra"
Aprill was my first crush still look with girls in yellow rain coats to this day have not found one yet 😅😢
I just finished running a TMNT RPG campaign for my usual game group.  Gotta love the old school crunch!
Really? The goofy stuff doesn't hold up?  " You're a claustrophobic"-Donatello  " You want a fist in the mouth? I never looked at another Man that way!"- Casy Jones
No. They got most kids with the "pilot season" that was so much better in quality then the rest of the horrible fucking show. The second season was okay for a kids show but wasn't shit in comparison to the first season.
Turtles Forever was the shit!
12:23
Great chemistry with these three. Always a treat to see Freddie.
Hahahahaha I always loved the Splinter Coming moment in Turltes 2 and quote it ALOT!!!
Only now realizing how powerful of a man Freddie is. He is the one who brought Batman showing Raphael where his parents died to life.
absorbing as much tmnt content as possible while I wait for Rise season 3
40:12 WOW! Never watched or heard of *Kung Fu Kangaroo* but I do remember having the green one as an a action figure 😂🦘
Honestly I didn't know there was 4 movies I stopped with 3 and of them 3 stuck with me the most I wish they had the better suits and animatronics in that one the whole time travel to Japan then fighting a little Gustavo from a dime novel was my favorite bit. It's weird that even at 26 I still enjoy all the versions of the cartoons even Rise of TMNT has it's good moments. This movie was my favorite VHS growing up and I still have it somewhere just nothing to play it on I wonder if I can find a VHS repair store that may have some extras I might be able to buy.
Beverly Hills Ninja
My uncle pat Johnson (the referee with the killer mustache in the 1st karate kid) did some of the fight choreography for this movie  This is not a brag he was a fckn douchebag  Tho Steve McQueen did buy him a rolls Royce so idk maybe he's earned it 🤔
I think it's a little funny they didn't even mention Rise of the TMNT. There's some infighting going around on Twitter over Rise being considered the worst of the TMNT series. Now don't get me wrong, I don't think Rise is the worst TV show that could happen. But I'd definitely agree that it wasn't the strongest out of the three, as someone who sporadically watched some of the 2003 (That scene of the Shredder's body picking up his head will always haunt me, even though I know he's an Utrom in that series) and kind of more followed the 2012 series growing up. I don't mind changes to a show (I thought the 3D He-Man series did pretty well respecting the source material), but Rise didn't really feel like a TMNT show; The turtles were all different species (which is INTERESTING, but it doesn't work well for TMNT), the characters felt too much like a blend of each other (everyone's goofy and zany in some way) instead of having unique defining personalities (Hell even Michael Bay's movies handled the personalities better. Not... great, but better), and some of the character changes felt unnecessary. You know the ones. Oh, and the 2007 movie kicked ass. I loved the visual style of the movie, the turtle designs were effective without looking too weird or out of place, and the casting was great. Nolan North as Raphael was awesome.
It was known in the UK because the word “Ninja” was considered to be too violent, we didn’t even get to see Michelangelo use his nunchucks in the series or movie because they were banned over here.  After the 90’s we have embraced the violence and use both the Ninja and nunchucks!
When I was a kid that campfire scene used to be heartwarming and sweet and I loved it. Since becoming a father, when I watch it with my kiddo, I just openly weep during it and I have to hug him tightly. @_@ And he's all like "It's okay, dada."  :/
Hey guys, who wrote the lyrics to Go Ninja Go? I can't figure it out.
27:46  Rich: "This was before he died, right?" Imaginary Mike in my head: "No, he worked on this movie after he died, Rich." Imaginary Rich: "-_-"
I want more yo-yos and sausages
Think i'ma go update his Wikipedia page.
So when are you doing a Re:View of Space Cop?
I would really enjoy a The fly re:view
The Hero or Ninja thing depends on where you're from. I had VHS tapes with the cartoons, I had the third movie on VHS and multiple action figures and they were always called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles here in Denmark.
Samurai Pizza Cats is the most direct "ripoff"
COMING!!  Huuuhh...???
I feel dumb for never realizing the blatant parallels with daredevil
Two trailers I love, the Pizza Hut "Right Field" commercial before TMNT on vhs and Suburban Commando before TMNT 2 SotO on VHS, also before TMNT 2 a movie I had to search for to include in this comment- "Big Girls Don't Cry... They Get Even" also titled "Stepkids" lol, never watched this movie, but now I have something to watch tonight.
I could listen to Freddie explain the engineering of a clock radio. Such an eloquent man, always a delight to have him on.
I'm never going to be able to watch the second film ever again now without laughing the entire time. COMING!
The audio is cancer. Rich, super loud, Jay normal then loud, guest is quiet and sometimes loud
22:28 Rambo? I’ll do you one better: they did a kid’s TV 📺 show on ROBOCOP 😐
FWIW, the 2016 movie Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows is quite good. The 2014 movie is trash, but the sequel is something else entirely!
Great episode! Although I think you have one thing slightly backwards. As far as I know, Jim Henson was the one who brought in Steve Barron, who'd directed the music videos for Labyrinth (which led to him working on Storyteller). Also, Barron's mother taught at an art school, and was a big influence on his work. ... Beyond that, the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were also a parody of Teen Titans and New Mutants (hence "teenage") and Dave Sim's Cerebus and other funny animal comics at the time. And of course the turtles would meet Cerebus on one of their adventures. (This is back when Sim was the king of indie comics, and not the pariah he'd later become—back when he was making characters like Charles X. Claremont, and Chris Claremont was returning the favor by creating characters like the demon S'ym.)
TMNT were created in the town I live in…
I'll step up and make a case for watching the third movie. The suits are not great, the story is eh, and it bothers me still that they have 1500s Japanese peasants speaking perfect English, but the cinematography is actually really terrific for a dumb cash-in sequel. There are some shots and cuts and transitions that take my breath away, particularly in the beginning of the movie. And some of the human actors include Stuart Wilson, Sab Shimono, and the returning Elias Koteas, all great character actors who give really enjoyable performances (Wilson in particular is eating scenery like it's the cure for cancer).   I won't say go out of your way to see it, since the first movie is so goddamned perfect in my book, but if you have it on hand or see it streaming, you're not necessarily wasting your time.
Do Teen Witch please.
24:22 for super effective ninja training technique
.........and Scanners! Double feature - like From Beyond and Re-Animator :) Double dark :(
Also - please please please, review Screamers!!!!!
I wish you guys would do a review of sequels. Not just sequels but the ones that were a far superior film from its predecessor. Blade 2. Hellboy 2, Superman 2, The Two Towers, God Father pt II, Back To The Future 2.........the list goes on........like you did when you beautifully riffed on John Carpenters illustrious career. Just not as easy, maybe. I don't fucking know. But I do love you.......I know that much.  I would love that :)
Hey, y'all can bash the 2nd movie all you want. But at least it's not the 3rd one
We need the directors cut immediately released with the Mikey stuff put back in. Have to see it.
Great now i want them to get together and make a commentary for TMNT 1 and 2
biker mice was awesome man
“Coming”
SWAT Kats
This was the first movie I ever saw twice on the big screen.
You have to give due credit to the score of the original film, it really adds to the atmosphere.
Okay but what did those Jim Henson puppeteers do that night?
We need a review on possession 1981
One please talk about 1987’s GI Joe: The Movie. It’s so 🦇💩 crazy!
TMNT 1990 isn’t just an incredible superhero film but a cautionary tale for young people. A frightening preview of where we are at as a society. Urban decay, crime, broken homes, young people wanting so much to feel loved that they join this evil organization that has no problems preying on their desire to be part of a family. 32 years later, these themes are not only present but even worse as watch young people loot and rob and kill in our streets like in my hometown of Chicago. Here is a sobering reality. People like the Foot Clan and Shredder are in your cities. They may not have masks or sharp objects hanging off them but they are in your neighborhoods, your street corners, your blocks. Ready to corrupt your children. TMNT 1990 is a movie about the power and love of family and how the idea of family can be twisted for evil.
He’s not making shit up..  I was an early Deadpool fan because his comics were packaged in Walmart multipacks in the early/mid nineties; 93/94 or so.
I never clicked so fast in my life
47:10 I love how Rich's laugh sounded like it was sped up haha
In response to Jay's question of whether or not any other movie title has had the trademark letter R, the very 1st movie I looked up also had it...the Garbage Pail Kids Movie has it on the opening title.
It's funny that TMNT had a very integral first movie and a very child-oriented second movie, and it makes me think of the Guyver movie, where the first one was more aimed to kids and weirdly dissonant to the source material and the second one tried to be more faithful
Don't ruin this movie for me! I almost don't want to watch this.
I'm a little disappointed that no one even _mentioned_ a fairly young Sam Rockwell appearing as the prime thug at the foot clan's hideout!
32:40 Fun music fact.  Lupe Fiasco references TMNT 🍕 scene in "Deliver" on his album Tetsuo and Youth.  "Throwing dough up in the air-bottom to the top and shredder full of cheese smarter than a purple ninja turtle The pizza man don't come here no more"
22:00 The turtle's weapons are all defensive except for Leonardo's.  I started with the toys, then cartoon, then first movie. I might've been 6 when I saw the first movie.  Anyone remember that robot cop 🤣 I watched that VHS so many times
1.1M for TMNT artist interview, puts into perspective how many of us grew up with this franchise.   I speak for everyone when I say, we'd like another TMNT movie but done similar to the first TMNT live action film. The closest we've seen to that in a comic book movie has been Deadpool.
One of my Karate instructors, Mr Stokes, was actually a stunt man for the Turtles. It was either the first or second movie, maybe he even did stunt work for both. Sweet man, and can easily kick your head off. Lol
Are you gays going to buy up all the vhs copies of tmnt to destroy too?
In the UK they were always Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles with the nunchuks
29:11 ME!?!?!?!?!?
I don’t see how space worms are any worse than marvel’s symbiotes
Freddie is great. RLM are great.
Rich!! you are featured in my time travel video!
Do these guys ever not dislike movies ?
shedder wasn't murdered because he didn't die
Of all the guests over the years, I miss all the guests the most. So glad they're bringing them back.
One night the WI snow is falling. Mike and Jay are walking home from a bar after celebrating the success of their TMNT review when they pass a homeless man without shoes. Mike takes off his shoes and gives them to the man. Mike and Jay continue walking. Ten minutes pass and Mike's feet are freezing. Jay takes off one shoe and hands it to Mike. They hop on one foot holding on to anything to keep their balance, laughing as the snow falls through the street lamps.
Where's cam clark.
The worms thing was absolutely hilarious to witness. Freddie in utter disbelief at Rich's recollection as Jay just loses it. Also Freddie's recollection of learning about the worms
42:09
I remember seeing TMNT 3 in the cinema on opening weekend and it was an all-around pretty terrible experience for me.  I would have been around 12 years old at the time and I loved the TMNT.  I had all of the action figures, I had the first and second movie on VHS, and I had a bunch of random episodes on tape that I had recorded from the TV.  The first mistake, besides buying a ticket at all, was not walking back out of the theatre when I noticed all the seats were full except for the front 2 rows that were right in front of the screen.  My friends wanted to sit there anyway so we did.  I hated every second of trying to watch the movie looking straight up with my neck hurting the whole time, and to add insult to injury, even 12-year-old me thought the movie was bad.  I never even watched it again after all these years.
And if you pay attention throughout all the movies people die but there's no bodies on the ground
Fun fact, the guy in the back of the cab raph flips over is the actor that's in the raph suit and does all the stunts. Same thing with Mikey and the pizza guy.
I'm in Europe. NEVER heard it called "hero" instead of Ninja. Europe is MANY countries guys. Don't just say "in Europe" like you guys use USA.
I was a kid when the 4kids animated series was the big Turtles thing, and I had a cousin who heard Raphael say "What the Shell!" And I could no longer watch it because my family thought he was cursing
i watched the remastered bluray of this a few years ago & couldnt believe how well it has aged, easily the best TMNT movie
By far the best version ever I hope they sequel it with maybe last ronin movie version
I think rich is right. Wtf can't you do with turtles. I remember 2003 of fast forward
Re:View Clue (1985) please I love that movie so much
If the 2nd movie was aimed more at kids.... it completely failed. I went to go see that in theaters with Charlie, the younger kid from across the street. It was 1991 and I was 11 years old, Charlie was 7 or 8 I think. Both of us had loved the first movie. When we were walking out of the theater little Chuck looked so sullen, and all I remember about what was said after was him letting out this big exasperated sigh and saying, "that SUCKED!"
You got any cigarettes?
In the early 1980s... there was also the fact that teenage heroes, mutants, and ninjas were all super popular and kind of ubiquitous... so the strange title was itself a parody.
I totally just pictured Shredder singing Mike's worm song
Hell yeah, shout-out to Palladium RPG.
Judith Hoag liked this.
The head censor in Britain at the time had a major issue with ninjas and nunchucks particularly for some made reason. I remember after he retired they reissued Enter The Dragon with the “banned” nunchuck scene. I watched it and said “meh”.
The reason it seems like there are a lot of little things that are somewhat at odds with the tone of the film is because the final cut was not Steve Barron’s. In the end he was prevented from editing the film and bringing his full vision in the screen. The classic clash between art and commerce.
I love how awkward Splinter looks standing. He looks remarkably Labyrinth in that scene for me, lol.
Judith has her own YT Channel where she talks about TMNT, the Neca figures and getting Elias on board to permit his likeness among other things. Also she looks a lot better circa 202X
20:30 Donatello ate a person 22:38 This wasn't in the cartoon. 😕 42:12 ...to a decision
Wikipedia is consensus bullshit.
TMNT 3 was my favorite as a kid
бля крутой видос, тупо изуи тупо топ путпо спдещ  спасибюро
It reminds me of Jason Takes Manhatten  with the lighting and lens filter
Any of you check out Casey Jones: Live Wire?  It's a short film on YouTube and turned out pretty dope. Lots of love went into it.
6 year old me thought this movie was pure brilliance.
i really enjoyed the 2007 movie
"Santa....?"
This was a great watch. Kid me and 39 year old me got a lot out of it.
freddie is always a great guest!
Well, this is still an enjoyable watch weeks later, lol. Great to see Mr. Williams back chatting with the RedLetterMeda crew.  This is... outside the scope of this video but I kinda wish we heard what Mr. Williams thought about the recent IDW comics' origin story for the Ninja Turtles. I waffle on how much I like it, but I'm pretty sure I'm firmly in the "like it" camp. Maybe just because it's more "unique" compared to other TMNT origin stories.
I'm from Europe and I never heard of "hero" turtles, maybe it's a UK thing? At lest in french and italian version they're ninjas
the 2012 series is excellent- not nearly as kiddie as it looks!! super crazy dark
wait this makes me happy- so proud of rich too :-: tmnt makes me so so happy and so does rlm- love yall <3
46:06 Is that Jay cackling like Palpatine?
Holy crap I forgot about beetle borgs
I'm really upset that I didn't find any mention of the Ninja Rap on Frank Miller's Wikiprfia page 😞
Please review Glass Onion 🧅
Hate to admit it, but that “coming” part always catches me off guard too when I see it.
The first six episodes of TMNT were the only ones I've gotten around to watching so far, I was really surprised by the quality based on other 80s cartoons, now I know they stopped trying after that I'll probably just see about reading the comics instead insted
As someone who started with the cartoon then saw the movie, oddly this and so many other "motion picture" adaptations didn't throw me for being different. I am not sure when -- it was before Ninja Turtles, I had simply accepted the logic that when cartoons become "real" they simply become different. So this, Masters of the Universe, even Super Mario Bros, I was just very accepting that things were going to be different. No idea where this came from. But given how terrifying costumed cartoon characters could be in the 80s, I think I and a lot of children like me accepted that sometimes...well, the ways you were different could be worse. Not your fault that you are a terrifyingly ugly shell of what you were in a cartoon -- that is just something that happens. ...Now that I think of it, that little girl not even blinking at the aliens in Killer Clowns from Outer Space suddenly makes a lot of sense.
I want Christopher Nolan to do TMNT
I’m 41, I agree the 1st movie is superior but I use quotes daily from the worst part of the  second one… at a stop light the car in front doesn’t move.. what do I say… go ninja go 😢
As a child I remember that teenage mutant ninja turtles III was the first time I felt disappointed in a movie. A feeling I would become all too familiar with as an adult.
that space cop sketch at the bottom of the release form is tshirt worthy.
A few years ago, I worked for the head office of a large cinema chain. We had a big tv and a cupboard full of dvds and blue rays to put on in the background. Which was open to everyone there if you got there in time, when the last film finished. Whenever I could be bothered to put a film on, the original Turtles film was my go-to film 🤣 sometimes I'd mix it up with The Iron Giant, Friday, Boyz n the Hood, Dredd, Inception or a Robocop film. But Turtles was my go-to because it doesn't get enough love from the younger guys I worked with, haha
I *still* have Ninja Turtle toys. I adored it, although I didn't find the comics until much later. And you can't forget Snake Eyes from G.I. Joe as a recognizable ninja for the time period.  I have to say, as corny as the second movie is, it is still good, and I'll take the unpopular position - I though the third movie was a lot of fun. I will say it was *not* as good and got *way* overplayed on TV to the point where I grew sick of it but I did like it at first.
It is funny how many people think of this as a New York movie when it was filmed in Wilmington, NC. Hence some of those city scenes not getting too far off the ground and staying street level. Wilmington was a really hot place for making movies at the time, and remained that way for a while. Screen Gem Studios maintains facilities there.  Also, Biker Mice from Mars is a legitimately pretty fun TMNT rip off  cartoon.
The ninja turtles peaked with the shredder arch. The rest was junk. Stupid plots, villains and stories.
That Rambo cartoon looks legit, holy shit
What other episodes was Freddie in?
Pre-Teen Dirty Gene Kung-Fu Kangaroos was the name of the comic you were probably thinking about. Not the Warriors of Virtue which you showed (which kinda is similar).
I also think the original live action April is the hottest April.
Still the best superhero movie!
Wasn't TMNT originally intended as a satire of the war on drugs: Adolescent counterculture potheads vs big pharma?   Take the first episode of the 1987 series. Shredder frames Splinter to look disrespectful and dangerous, then went high tech and infiltrated the financial capital of America. The police are woefully incompetent. They put pressure on the media to keep quiet about the conspiracy, and April is shown as a hero for wanting to get the truth out. She at first blames the turtles even though they literally just saved her because the "expert opinions" label anything from Japan as the ninjas responsible for crime, but she comes around once she gets to know them. They're in the middle of solving a case, when they get distracted and order pizza with unusual flavors, referencing a well-known effect of THC. The first time an old lady sees the turtles, she pulls out a machine gun and starts shooting at them, referencing how mainstream society overreacts, and that the opioids being prescribed to the elderly are more dangerous than the ninja turtle weapons.  Shredder replaces real ninjas with cheap synthetic counterfeits. Aside from specifics, the overall vibe feels very much like it was born in a haze-filled room...   I get it was also a parody of other comics, but there's no way this level of reference was unintentional. It's about as subtle as Scooby Dooby Do. Of course, for marketing purposes, admitting a kid show was anti-pharma/pro-cannabis propaganda during the 80s would be financial suicide.
I always wanted a Totally Torqued Leo figure as a kid, but I never got it.
So this is what Bill Shatner was talking about.... hmmm....
Michelangelo putting on a Michelangelo costume was actually in the CG 4th movie unless it was in both that and the Nickelodeon show.
I played that game as Mouse like Mickey that wore Reebok pumps and that's all I remember.
For the love of God watch andor
Not one mention of Sam Rockwell.
I hate these things. Ninja turtles suck
Wait what about werewolf in London. Wasn't that Jim Henson?
A magical time. Everyone got upset about 'Ninja' and weapons but nobody batted an eyelid about cramming ten kids into a Volvo to go and see it (I was in the jump seat in the boot). Bet the seats in the cinema were still highly flammable in 1990 too.
A very young Sam Rockwell is the kid selling packs of cigarettes
I worked with the director Steve Barron years ago on something called The Durrells. He had a lot of stories about studio control and how he avoided the edit if he could as it didn’t feel like his movie anymore. It was pretty sad to hear as he was a huge fan. He gave me four original storyboards from the film and said that he wouldn’t sign them as it would only decrease their value.
Hold on, you guys repeatedly go after TMNT 2. That was easily the best of the live action movies.
Super interesting! Well research! Guest is amazing! Please drop the F. bombs really?
come on new kid. pizza on the rats head is exactly teenage mutant ninja tuitles
thank you.
Oh I own a jacket similar to Freddie's.  Off Amazon, Whitetail Legends!
I love the first movie
When are we gonna get a "The Big Hit" review?  It's an underrated movie that needs some RLM love.
Dude sounds like Mike's brother lol
Hit the "1" on your keyboard as fast as you can with the video selected.
Freddy's art work is alright I guess
Couldn’t get through listening to the guy on left
41:21 I think that the porch swing breaking might've been scripted, as Casey Jones was bragging about he was Mr. Fix-It. Maybe he tried and thought he fixed it, only to have it collapse.
From the thumbnail I thought that was Mike wearing glasses and a fake beard
26:20  Great Grandma quote since 2004. My old people have been saying that since I was little.
Another great re:view. Would love to see you do a re:view of «Romeo is Bleeding» or «Strange Days»
Another great re:view. Would love to see you do a re:view of «Romeo is Bleeding» or «Strange Days»
Another great re:view. Would love to see you do a re:view of «Romeo is Bleeding» or «Strange Days»
At about 39:35 Rich makes the Suburban Sasquatch noise
Big Bad Beetle Borgs had the most memorable intro and also the Zordon/ghost that gave them their powers looked like Jay Leno doing a good natured Beetlejuice
Great video as always, RLM, just one correction: TMNT was not Steve Barron's first feature. He previously made the simultanously essential but forgotten 80's movie Electric Dreams (1984). As far as TMNT goes,  I was crazy about the theme song... today it sounds quaint back back in 1990 it was dope. And yeah,  the original The Storyteller is a little masterpiece of a TV show. They later made The Storyteller: Greek myths with Michael Gambon instead of John Hurt but it wasn't the same.
2:14 My neighbor had that.
it's shot like highlander
will Freddy return to talk about Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze (1991) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III (1993) TMNT (2007) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows (2016) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem (2023) Turtles Forever (2009) Batman vs. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2019), Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: The Movie (2022) maybe the shows? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1987 TV series) (1987–1996) Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation (1997–1998) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2003 TV series) (2003–2009) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2012 TV series) (2012–2017) Rise of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2018–2020) i'll be eagerly waitingggggggg
They were renamed Hero Turtles because the TV shit head localizers thought kids were too stupid to know or understand what a ninja is.
Why does everyone talk of shopping malls as if they were a thing of the past?
the guys need to get Freddie to do a Space Cop comic
I can't believe everyone in this video missed the most obvious thing.  They keep wondering why this movie is so dark with tonal shifts and how any studio could greenlight it.  It came right after Tim Burton's Batman.  Dozens of movies were trying to imitate Batman at that time.
Knowing you already grew up from watching Part III...   I totally agree.   My 11th birthday party, We rented that, hot off the shelf...  Everyone was pumped.  It was my first real Let down from screen anticipation...   I think it was my 2nd last birthday party...   So Bad...  Child Hood Destruction.  I think I killed all my friends memorys..
As far as when they were talking about rip-offs of the turtles, I still have an issue of "Adolescent Radioactive Black Belt Hamsters"
I believe the reason they turned it from 'Ninja Turtles' to 'Hero Turtles' and toned down on the weapons, violence, etc is largely because of the Thatcher Conservative government in the UK. Thatcher's policies led to increased poverty and then a spike in crime, which Tories blamed on so called 'video nasties'. Video nasties was film and TV content deemed too violent, supposedly causing violence in society. After they were banned films like The Exorcist and Texas Chainsaw Massacre didn't even get shown on TV in the UK until the 90s. Because the UK was such a big market for the show it ended up being changed.
Soooo..... going to wikipedia ....
Welcome back Freddie!
Judith Hoag is beautiful.  April in this movie was one of my first childhood crushes.
"I've been coming...to a conclusion." I never noticed that line before, now I can't stop laughing.
The best part of the TMNT is at the start of the movie, Spliter tells Raphael that "Anger clouds the mind, turned in one it becomes an unconquerable enemy" then at the end of the movie Raphael says "Where's Splinter." This is when Shredder goes for that moment of making the TMNT so mad he can win the fight, but Raphael remembers the lesson from Splinter and does not react at all, it is in fact Leonardo who gets so mad he mad rushes Shredder and gets put on the ground which almost costs them the battle." That is awesome bookended writing on a pretty basic movie. Bravo.
When you throw a movie at rich and jay...
lol this movie was released on blu ray exactly 10 years ago. Dude's asking "oh, _is_ there an HD release?"
the creator of TMNT lived across the street from my great grandmother.
very gay
My opinion is that IDW's ongoing TMNT comic series is the best iteration of the franchise as it perfectly blends the best aspects of all the various iterations of the franchise.  I loved the *spoiler* reimagined origin where Yoshi and his sons lived originally in Feudal Japan and were killed by Saki and the foot clan. They were then reincarnated as a Rat and four baby turtles (the latter April names) before coming contact with the ooze that mutates them and allows Yoshi and his sons personalities and memories to return.  Saki is also resurrected using the ooze by his decendant Karai and becomes the Shredder.  And Karai stole the ooze from Baxter Stockman's TCRI who are exprimenting on it for General Krang who's building his Technodrome on a tropical island so that he can terroform Earth into the new homeworld for his Ultrom Empire.
What about the spectacular portrayal of Casey Jones by Elias Koteas? He damn near stole the whole movie.
The splinter coming scene has been edited on streaming. It cuts fast to... To a decision immediately. 😥Gotta dig up my VHS
Is this the AI generated Freddie Williams?
Just wanted to point out that while you guys thought Shredder coming back in the was because he was devoured by worms I totally bought into this and here’s why. Unsurprisingly I am a nerd, and a nerd of many nerdisms, comics, scifi, movies, tv, trivia, etc. In this case it is the trivia that came into play you because I too knew of the worms long before reading that comic.   Scientists were doing experiments with intelligence and memory. To this end they put one of these worms in a maze with food at the end and observed as it got better and better at navigating the maze over time, it was learning and it remembered what it had learned. Now these worms have an interesting feature, like a star fish if you cut them up, they will regenerate into two or more worms. Both of these worms could navigate the maze.   Well they took this experiment a step further, they ground up one of these “smart” worms and fed it to a new worn and you know what? The worm who had not learned the maze before consuming the worm navigated the maze correctly in short order. Somehow the new worm had absorbed the memory or intelligence of the previous worm!   So if you add in DNA transfer along with intelligence/memory pass down in a world were mutant animals exist and space dinosaurs, I was totally there. It made perfect since to me and had a basis in actual science as well.
CANNOT BEELIEVE you didn't bring up "Ninja Turtle Spoof" or "Ninja Turtle Parody" Episodes 1-9.
You did it.  You mentioned Rambo, and then showed a clip from my favorite entry in the series First Blood: Part 2.  Now you have to do a Re:View episode(s) on the Rambo series.
Come on. The second movie was still a good and fun movie. 3 on the other hand was terrible.  Second, Judith Hoag wasn't there for the sequel, because she had an issue with violence. So the only person that can be blamed for her absence in the sequel is herself. I bet she feels really fucking stupid for not having done it though.
The 2003 series gets no love
Mbappe
This movie holds up really well with the exception of some 80s cultural references in jokes and things. I really love the sets and puppets and lighting.
Whoever was laughing that weird ass psycho pedophile serial killer, needs to be investigated!
This was such a GREAT "re:View"
oh damn fred-boy
Besides Batman Returns and maybe Blade the 1990 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle's movie was the best comic book film of the 90's and made the TMNT franchise as popular as it is today....The film was a good combination between the early comics and the 80's show
Space cop is the real forth movie in the TMNT universe. Change my mind
Where in the F*ck are new videos RLM?
Freddie looks just like Jack Black in this interview!
If the goofiness is not holding up in this movie, do you think gardens of the galaxy will suffer the same fate in the future of not holding up
Where's my Avatar review you slobs
i, like jay, saw it in the theater when i was 11 or so, and i loved it. especially the scenes at the farmhouse, i got all emotional.   side note, i saw it at the theater at knollwood mall in st. louis park, mn, and that theater got closed in the late 90's. later, i worked as a security guard there and would hang out often in that abandoned theater
Ninja was a banned word in the UK when it came to children’s content. The NES game Ninja Gaiden was renamed Shadow Warriors when released in Europe.
oh, is this a video about that french football player? no thanks, pass
It was changed from Ninja to Hero in some European countries because of moral panic over “video violence”.  They had already banned weapons like shurikens and nunchucks, and here comes a show with all of that stuff that’s directly targeting kids. They still talked about ninjas and ninjitsu all the time in the dialogue, it was only the name of the property that was changed.
Hollywood: our small budget film broke box office records. Also Hollywood: like 10 people complained about the movie. Let's completely change it for the sequel. Also hpllywood: huh we made the sequel kiddy and didn't make as much let's go even further for the third film. That'll do it
🙏💯
You know what after all these years I've lived in many different places and seen much. Pizza is still good pizza has not changed Pizza is a stalwart in my life
i absolutely loved the 2nd and 3rd one growing up as well
In the latest TMNT movie due in 2023, BeBop is trans, Rocksteady is non-binary, and Splinter is a minor attracted person.
I can’t wait to see y’all’s review of Avatar 2😀
Born in 1986 and the 1990 TMNT is my favorite movie of all time.  ALL FUCKING TIME!
I’m glad to see the RLM boys are keeping the white tall sock industry in business
I think I heard that Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to Go Ninja GO
The Palladium RPG was great. Went bonkers with Rifts later but dang, good times.
They used a lot of comic material in the 2003 animated series. Shredder being an Utrom, and the shredder clones were used in a finale.
My first physical media acquisition. Great film. Holds up.
"Cumming" -Master Splinter
I dont know what comments get back to you guys, but probably one of the best, if not THE best, video Ive seen online on a subject that like has molded my entire childhood. Really great video. You guys should do a video on the Super Mario Brothers Super Show lol
It was Henson who ruined the 2nd film by demanding it not be dark and remove the violence.
you can tell how much rich likes the tmnt by how much he tidied himself up for this vid, his beard is trimmed and his hair is freshly cut
The fact that this film is so good only serves to highlight how bad films are today all around.  This film has no right to be as exceptional as it is, but it is anyway.
Man of Steel : Re:view.  Please. It as your worst take ever. Time for a more objective take.
*I love this movie* 💕
I loved TMNT 2
I love how gritty and dark that first movie was.
WHERES MY RLM FIX- GODAMIT
Fun fact: when I saw this at the cinema when I was 7, I missed the bit at the end where they all go "cowabunga" because I needed to take a piss real bad.
The original movie, the '07 movie, and the first four seasons of the '03 series are the only TMNT media beyond the comics that really got it right. The 2012 series tried, at least.
I always forget that Golden Harvest were involved with the production of the first 3 movies. Most of Jackie Chan's Hong Kong movies were produced by them & Bruce Lee's  movies becides Game of Death & Enter The Dragon
Worms bringing back Shredder is genius because turtles love to eat worms
Goofy stuff bad, played straight and farm good. Ok Jay got it.
Yeah you're pretty much spot on about the name change here in Europe. Surprisingly, like Freddie, I discover Turtles first via the RPG, still got my copy somewhere. But while the comics, Rpg and film were all marketed as Ninja Turtles, the cartoon got changed as it was deemed unsuitable for a younger audience.
DUDE! Freddie Williams! Hey HO from KC, Freddie. Always love chatting with you when our paths cross and talking your beginnings as a kid in KCK. Mutual friend Joey Dominguez fed my comics interest when I was little and I never turned back. So glad to be surprised by you on RLM and talking TMNT!
My favorite comic book movie of all time.
Wait why does the stunt performer look like that!??
I'm so glad they mentioned Splinters "Coming" line.  My friends and I joked endlessly about that in the 6/th7th grade after the movie came out.
I now feel less embarrassed for liking this movie.
I always thought that they added the silly sounds in the german dub to make it more for kids? I don't recall recognizing them in the original version.. and please check out the german intro version, it's so great! :D
as someone who grew up in the 80s/90s in the UK - the history is that censorship here was really high. The word "ninja' was deemed too violent by the board so they wanted to soften it by replacing it with 'hero', with violence in the show toned down or censored outright (which was awful as it was edited so badly that fights never made any sense & were nearly non-existent). Bruce Lee made nunchucks famous in the 70s but sadly gangs and thugs started to use them here (particularly football hooligans) so government outright banned them too, including all depiction of them on screen (all Bruce Lee and kung fu movies had scenes edited out including use of them in shows such as Thundercats and Hero Turtles, video games such as Soul Blade etc), Mikey was always shown to use his grappling hook instead. Thankfully the UK overturned this ban and censorship in the late 90s, TMHT was restored to TMNT now and all the shows and movies have everything restored. I've kept a lot of my VHS tapes of Thundercats and Hero Turtles as they're a part of history now haha
Why are you watching a movie about Mbappe?
I’m halfway through the video right now, so maybe you get to it: I think one thing that also sells this movie is the human storyline with April, her boss, Danny, the NYPD. Everything the human characters do makes sense and feels in keeping with their character.
Comparison to Masters of the Universe is interesting. From what I read and watch, movie executives seem to read “trends” from movies that just happen to be good or bad. Masters of the Universe does poorly because action-fantasy movies for kids are “out of style”, not because it just wasn’t a very good movie.
The first Ninja Turtles movie holds up so well. Watched it with my kid for the first time in years. So good.
TMNT the movie is one of the most true to the source material origin films ever on film. Scenes and lines are pulled directly from the comic book and put into the film. What is sad is just how bad the sequels were.
Freddie is awesome.  I love his art.
My new notifications tone 42:17
"a teenage mutant ninja turtle" they dont bat an eye, but space worms, everyone looses their shit
So I just picked up High on Life on XBox, and after warping in this movie theater, I find myself currently trying to enjoy the Hollywood masterpiece that is Demon Wind over the incessant blabbing of some over opinionated local aliens. I swear these guys just won’t stfu, not even my gun talks this much. If I had popcorn to spare I’d be lobbing as much as possible at the back of their heads rn. I swear, some people.   Anyways. Great video guys.
"From the same people that gave you 'Fart Bag', comes the new invention - 'The Bag that You Punch!' "
Should probably go to Freddie Williams page and say he wrote the lyrics to "Go, Ninja, Go!" :)
I had every figurine, the sewer lair, the news van. J
Wow, that Donatello mouth is unspeakable... Thanks.
Palladium Books, ah, the good old days.
YYOURE TELLING ME THIS ISNT JACK BLACK?
great film. coming. definitely add that he wrote the ninja rap.
The *M.C HAMMER* song "This Is What We Do" from TMNT still slaps
Me too, very glad to see Freddie back. That his first contact to the TMNT was the pen-and-paper RPG is just another feather in his cap :)
amazing video, I really enjoyed listening to you guys
Waitting patiently for the Christmas episode 🐸
Where is our Christmas episode you hack frauds!  I need something to help me hate Christmas even more! I NEED IT!
The cringe...it's strong here...  Thank you for what you do to your bodies
Been saving this video for days. This is my Christmas gift thanks Rich Evans.
As a kid knew nothing of comics, nothing of the cartoon, watched secret of the ooze first at least 100 times, might have seen seen the 3rd movie with the septer before ever seeing the first
Freddie's the best. Great video :)
im so dissapointed that i went to frank millers wikipedia and didnt see that he wrote the go ninja go ninja go rap. Trolls gettin lazy man
TMNT is a GREAT movie.   That scene where Raph is crying and Splinter is consoling him and trying to help him w/ his anger issues. Damn---it was a good scene when I was 10. It's a great scene now that I'm 39.
Fun fact: The word Ninja means "hidden person." Shikaku, and Koroshiya are the words for "assassin."
"This is before he died, right?"  Yes Rich, he didn't work on it after he died.
The Splinter standing on the roof scene isn't that  bad.
I wish Rich Evans and Jay Bauman were my friends. They're so darn cool
@22:40 I had to do a triple take cuz I thought it was a scene from UHF. Nope! That's the real movie smh
That sence has been hunting me and I could never figure out the movie and now I know I k ow it's Warrior of Virtue when the kid falls it that made me scared of toilets
Also read.  Green-grey sponge-suit sushi turtles: The parody, keen, teen, and turnip green
Michael bay tmnt was awful…
Why didn't they talk about how everyone hates Danny?  lol  And I wanted to hear more about Casey Jones.  And Master Tatsu!  That underground teenage gang clubhouse stuff.
This video is like an review, interview and TMNT retrospective all in one. No one does it like RLM.
REEVIEW? Yanks can't say any word right, please stop shooting the smart kids in their classrooms, because you get left with what's left
Ninja was deemed too dark a connotation so everything was renamed to Hero Turtles. Nunchucks were (probably still are) banned in the UK, so they were edited out of all the cartoons and comics usually.  Later seasons Mikey doesn't use them as he has a grappling hook.  I seem to recall the final scene of the movie where Splinter used the nunchucks to topple Shredder being edited so he basically just hurls himself off the building, but I can't recall, I had the American VHS so only saw it the one time in the cinema.
Hero Turtles (to my knowledge) is not a European issue, it's a UK one. If you want a rabbit hole to dive into read up on Mary Whitehouse
I would think 99% of American kids were only aware of the cartoon, not the comics.
Dude.  The space worms eating Shredder's remains to bring him back and all those crazy Shredder freaks?  I thought it was awesome and creepy in 8th grade and I still love it at 46.
In Yugoslavia, we had the best voice-over actors for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Nindža kornjače). And what I loved was you could hear in the background original audio, but the voice-over was louder and a little over the top, but still hold a special place in my heart.
Juxtaposing Raphael as the point of view character with April O'Neil as the narrator is interesting.
"...there's like these space worms.."... STOP thats all i needed to hear... except, why do the turtles have TEETH... always creeped me out
so 3 grown men ar talking about a childrens movie .....................GROW A PAIR OF BALLS !
I also cry in farm fireplace scene
I was in cinema on this in 1990. And film was good. Good costumes and animatronics face.  I liked it much more than 2014 ugly creepy  Ninja Turtles.
21:36 Being from Europe, I've never ever heard somebody refer to the TMNT as Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles, what??
The Hero/Ninja thing wasn't to do with the word. In the UK around that time there was a lot of gang and youth crime involving Ninja weapons and knives and kids were buying butterfly knives and Nunchucks and using them to fight, so the word Ninja was dropped and Hero added.
Can you guys please make "Middle-aged Buddha Beetles"
That description is amazing
Not youtube recommending this video after me watching a lot of mbappe videos 💀💀💀
Dangerous Game (1988) Australian  Now...
42:13 splinter reveals the real secret of the ooze ;)
Another Fun Fact: this is Corey Feldman's best role.  I flipped out when I realized that was Feldman while he was waiting with Mikey for Dominos Pizza.  That casting choice helped solidify the Fact that Donatello is my favorite Turtle.  Additionally, Ernie Reyes Jr. was the Donatello Stunt Double, who then played "Keno" in part 2.
Yeah Splinter is better off as Yoshi than a pet Rat. The IDW comics Version is also cool too.
"Looked like sort of a big turtle in a trench coat."
To this day, being from the UK, the proper title seems somewhat awkward to say.  "Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles" rolls off the tongue a lot easier, ha ha.
My little brother got the comic. I read it and discovered The Tick. Same kind of ooze.
do you pay off the YouTube execs to get your video recommended ?
Beetle borgs was a rip-off of power rangers, ninja turtles and the Munsters all in one
OH MY GOD. I FORGOT ABOUT THE REALISTIC MASTERS OF THE UNIVERSE MOVIE!   That was like hidden in my brain somewhere... that, and the ewoks tv movie, AND the fact that there was "ghostbusters" and the "REAL ghostbusters" on tv at one time
TMNT (1990) is the best movie of my childhood
Unrelated.  But you guys need to watch Hajwala 2
So, Mike has died and been replaced?
Go Ninja, Go Ninja, GO!
I love the little karate rat
I have a couple Usagi Yojimbo books that I got in the late 90s, not sure who wrote them 🤷‍♂️  but they're cool 😎
Love Freddie, always happy to see him on the shows.
20:38 Donatello is ALIEN with double mouth. 👍🏻
When Mark Taylor (one of the fathers of Masters of the Universe) left Mattel, he went to Playmates to develop the TMNT figures, so it makes a lot of sense that the toys go well together.
Your lucky to have never seen the third one. I saw that shit in theater as a kid and that was the day the turtles dyed to me.
Tattooed teenage alien fighters from beverly hills
That roleplaying game was my first exposure, too!
I was young enough that when the movies came out it was the first thing I was exposed to and it was epic, I watched those movies every day for years and just loved everything with the Turtles.
That thumbnail is terrifying
I was once a production assistant on a film with Elias Kotes and he was soooo nice and cool
I once found an old VHS copy of the Coming Out of Their Shells tour
New Line Cinema somehow made two excellent decisions in picking up movies that other studios wouldn't touch ... Ninja Turtles and Lord of the Rings.  Go figure.
You see guys, in the late 80s they were all about not having violence in cartoons because they wanted kids to grow up to be cool, kinda like those kids that did Columbine ... so you can see how well that worked out.
japan has worm myths. see: blade of the immortal
My favorite movie as a kid. I wish the sequels were as gritty and dark as the first one.
Do secret of the ooze, it’s the empire of the series
It's probably mentioned in another comment but I'm not reading the comments like RLM doesn't. The lead gang kid that offers the carton of cigarettes is Sam Rockwell
Speaking of grown men getting emotional at old Jim Henson films - every time I watch the desert scene in the original 1979 Muppet Movie, I shed at least a single tear
I remember in grade school in the 80s someone brought in the RPG book and I was hooked. It was so sad the NES game was sooo hard. Original cartoon and first two live action movies were amazing.
Was 10 at the time this came out, was my first cinema trip with my mum, good memories!
If anyone reading this hasn't, go watch/read the Batman-TMNT crossover.  It's unironically fucking great
found these guys from high on life and what a blessing it was. sat through the whole in game movie just for their dialogue
It's worth pointing out that 1990 was only a few years after Tim Burton's Batman, which had been a colossal mega-box office hit out of nowhere. It was completely different than any other superhero movies of that era: gritty, somber and above all pitch-black on the screen.
I’m 30 years old, and I still freaking *adore* this film 😅
In the cartoons, raphael is so funny
7:14 makes me think of 'big trouble in little china'
Crazy how some of my favorite heroes started as jokes- TMNT, The Tick, Squirrel Girl, Constantine
'90 TMNT is one of the most rewatchable movies from my childhood, and TMNT 2 is one of the least rewatchable
I saw something yesterday that Jim Henson didn't want to get boxed into doing puppets for kids... he was actually a little disappointed that Sesame Street took off the way it did
Heavy Bag
Wait, so Freddie Williams is the guy that drew the "This is the place where my parents died Raphael."?!
This channel should be called “Old Hens Nitpicking”.
Ninja-kick the damn rabbit!
Not sure about the rest of Europe but yes, they were known as the Teenage Mutant 'Hero' Turtles in the UK. Basically it was deemed that naming an ostensibly children's cartoon series, after a group of feudal Japanese assassins was inappropriate. Also Michelangelo lost his nunchucks as unlike staffs, swords and sais (who the hell even knew what a sai was in 1980/90s Britain?!) nunchucks are legally considered an offensive weapon and although you can buy and own them in the UK, you risk being arrested by the Police if caught with them in public with no valid reason to be in possession (eg you're a martial artist on your way to or from a training session). So again, considered inappropriate for a show aimed at children. As noted later films and seasons of the cartoon seemingly dispensed with the Turtles actually carrying or using any weapons, relying on strings of sausages or yoyos to defend themselves with. So problem solved I guess...?
I remember the cartoon from 2003 was also pretty close to the comics and the movie, it was sick
This movie was my life as a little little kid. I must have watched the VHS tape over 50 times. It broke from being rewinded so much. Especially for that fucking badass end credits music.
It’s great to see Jack Black relaxed and talk about subjects he loves (like TMNJ) and not have to play up his obnoxious persona for the audience
Thanks for this lovely christmas present of sitting listening to you guys talking about one of my favourite films as a kid. So glad it still holds up and the appreciation of how good it was for a silly concept. My biggest shock though is finding out Freddie's never seen The Storyteller. I only watched in later in life but damn that and it's Greek Story 2nd season were amazing and I hope he gets the chance to see them. Great re:View guys and glad after all the trouble you got to finally mate it.
love it. big fan from sweden here
Actually I cant dig the other turtle-movies.. part 2 and 3 - I mean part 2 is a classic.. but actually its a terrible children movie - they are all kids-movies more or less- but not too much part 1. It was a little bit darker - its still a comic adaptation, of course.   I wished so much part two and part three would be following part ones way.. but these didnt.
He is so excited to talk about Space Cop
I love movie.  It is good movie.
In the 90s I was a kid seeing this movie on tv. Like a dream
I love this, but why was Baxter being a black dude too much?
Very cool
Rich looks like he's being puppeteered by a tiny alien inside his chest.
Algorithm.
The most unrealistic thing about the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie is that the turtles are New Yorkers and they choose to get Domino's.
One of my all-time favorite superhero movies! ❤️
I would love to see a re:view of the Dark Crystal. The Jim Henson and puppetry discussion was really interesting, and it'd be a good movie to go into that more.
I know everyone loves Rich's laugh but can we it have for Jay's as well.👏👏
best outro gag
27:45 "This is before he died right?"  I would hope so Rich.
Loved this movie, got to see it as a kid in the theater. Bein a kid in the 80s n 90s I feel lucky.
I'm 31 and this movie rules.
The thing about the space worms isn't that crazy considering the cartoon had a character, Baxter Stockman? who turned into a mutant fly. And there were little cat-sized robots running around called Mousers. And then there's Crang from Dimension X.
I grew up in Northampton, MA where Eastman and Laird had a studio for a bit and after attaining success with TMNT, opened up a 3 floor comic book museum called Words & Pictures right on main st. This was around 1992 and I still remember the first time I went there. It was so cool. They had the Predator costume on a full 7 foot tall model as you came in the door and tons of original comic book art from all eras. As a kid I was super into TMNT, The Punisher, and Batman and it was awesome to get to see the original sketches and all that. At one point they had the 4 costumes from the 1st TMNT movie set up coming out of a sewer with Splinter holding court in the corner. For a 10 year old kid this was like mecca.
I'm a little surprised they didn't mention a very young Sam Rockwell appearing in this flick.
Listening to the story of how shredder returned, and Eastman/Laird probably got the worm idea from the planarian worm analogy in swamp thing volume 2 21. Fun connection
I loved the 2003 series I’d still like to watch that one day
so my old cardgame strangely called "Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles" isnt just a cheap knock off?
I prefer their brothers' comic: Horse Ninja.
42:42 The real secret of the Ooze
21:34 I'm European and I've been completely Berenstain Effect'ed on the "hero" thing. US cultural hegemony is so strong I completely forgot that that was the case.
Dude the comic art is pretty amazing.
The Storyteller isn't a "good" show. It was amazing. And Jim Henson was constantly involved in dark projects, TMNT and The Storyteller being examples, actually.
I remember reading the cassette inner sleeve of Metallica's Master Of Puppets in the summer of 1986, where they gave special thanks to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. At the time, being 15 I was in to X-Men and other books so I obviously thought WTF? is that? Metallica inspired teenage me to find the turtles in local comic shops.
I had no idea the first was so good. I was 15 and a new fan of the cartoon.  When the commercials aired I was disappointed that the puppet characters did not share the vocal talent used in the cartoon.  When I saw the movie I was disappointed that there was no Krang, Beebop, Rocksteady, or Technodrome. I would love to see it temastered without the silly sounds. I wonder if I should watch it again with an open mind.
The thumbnail character looks like Bubz for the Strongbad/ Homestarrunner animations.....
Samurai Pizza Cats I cannot believe you guys missed the Gobots of TMNT
Jim Henson's The Storyteller mentioned is truly wonderful! I can't express how worth a rewatch it is.
34:03 Freddie's pose & Jay's laugh.
Can’t believe Josh got hair plugs for this.
I've been to Peter Laird's home. I installed solar on his house. He has the coolest collection of ninja turtle shit I have ever seen. Which figures, but at the time I had no idea he was the OG author, just thought he was a collector lol! Such a nice down to earth dude.
I love this movie, nearly wore out my vhs copy. That baseball commercial in the beginning: “I play riiiiight field! It’s important ya know! Ya gotta learn how to catch, ya gotta learn how to throw!”
My perspective was only having interest in Turtles via the arcade game of the time which I loved but watching a dodgy copy of this in a mates aged 9-10 was pleasantly surprised by the tone having seen bits of the cartoon whilst flicking during the ad-break on Transworld sport.
rich is so giddy lmao love that he got to do this interRE:view
I have some rare copies of TMNT 1 and 2 on Betamax.  and yes i have the machines to watch em ;)
I had the biggest infatuation with TMNT as a kid, to the point where I was even practicing Tae Kwon Do at Ernie Reyes' franchise dojos.  Ernie Reyes jr. was my idol so I watched the second film far too often.
I love when Freddie comes back! That behind the scenes story about Space Cop was cute too.
One of your best episodes - three different early experiences
I saw the first TMNT movie in the theaters. The opening scene of the movie, the pizza place they show, that was actually a real pizza dude. He was my friends dad. Lol I love that movie. It was very well done. I was so disappointed that they never introduced any of the best villains from the comic books and cartoon in the next two movies.
P.S. volume lower on the one dude's mic.,.... inconceivable
jim henson was always afraid f being typecast as only doing kids stuff so makes sense he worked on this
I've rewatched this every year at least once since it came out. So at least 32 times if not way more.
I just realized... Rich and Jay... that's also mine and my boyfriend's names!
Freddie is such a normal guy compared to the RLM dudes
Know what’s funny? The pizza they order in the move was Dominos, but my VHS copy came with a coupon for Pizza Hut! 🍕🤣
This was such a great trip down memory lane. The 1990 TMNT movie is the true OG. I had no idea about the space worms! But it didn't strike me as ridiculous. 3 years after the original movie, manga artist Hiroaki Samura would start his 'Blade of the Immortal' manga series, which just so happens to involve worms that grant a form of cursed immortality. I wonder if there was some "tapping into the collective consciousness" by Eastman/Laird and Hiroaki Samura.
The best part of TMNT 2's scene of Splinter "Coming..." is the 'squish' sound effect they play.
Can we talk about the Critters scene/cameo when Raph asks “what is this?”
I think those first episodes were just actually done by someone different, like Toei or something. It's better because they had better people on it. As a kid, I only saw the cartoon movie they edited together from those first episodes(or vice versa?) and it was pretty hype. I was what, 5, so it was like the first cool action thing I watched and it left a good impression.   I watched the 1990 movie for the first time today and it was good! Nice and cozy. I would probably have liked it better if it had taken more from that first cartoon, but with the direction and time in mind I think they did as great  job as anyone could have.  I haven't really cared to check out a lot of the Turtles franchise stuff what with not being 5 anymore, but I did play the new retro-styled Turtles beat em up this year. That was a fun game.
This movie is such a gem and really one of the few perfect movies ever made. Strange to call a comic movie that, but it really is such a well rounded film.
20:38 truly what nightmares are made of....
Even Tank Girl you can add to the list of mutant animal 'ninjas' in a way, though they weren't ninjas.. "i had the idea of mutant animals" etc.
Damn, Mike! Nice beard! You look like a different person!
Thank you for this video. I had lost touch amidst my read through of the IDW run so this helped kick it back up again. Needless to say, hearing TMNT fans talk about TMNT is always a treat.
When I was little, there were moments in the movie that were so visually dark on our shitty little tv that I had no idea what was happening. I still watched it over and over.
Jay is such a cynic. As a kid I LOVED the first and second TMNT movies. Even the third was pretty solid.
Now I want these three to watch the Turtles forever movie The crossover between the 80s and 2003 series
You know watching this I'm really amazed how much influence the original comics had on the 2003 series of TMNT and how faithful they were to the comics more than any other TMNT series
"I'm not liking this gritty Susan Cain remake"
I had that Ninja turtles RPG also, I've never even played it, I just liked the universe and it had a lot of art in it.
Steve Barron also did the best ever Jim Henson dark series The Storyteller no one ever talks about. Scripted by Oscar winner Anthony MIngellah  with a  fuckin amazin cast: Jon Hurt/Sean Bean/Joly Richardson/Miranda Richard/French and Saunders/Jane Horrocks/Jonathan Pryce/Bob Peck. Unequivicolly, the best thing by Henson.
I was a fan of the Archie Comics TMNT comic. I had 2 or 3 Mirage comics and had the colour reprint books as well. Great episode guys. But they always are.
20:40 now I can never unsee this
Great episode!
Logging into Wikipedia rn ...
Rumor in the school yards around Europe was that kid was killed in the sand box while playing ninja. And that was the reason for Hero Turtles and the stopping some shows for being "too violent". like Darkwing Duck
The swing seat collapsing absolutely was an accident. You see him looking directly at people behind the camera.
On the Hero Turtles vs Ninja Turtles point - can't speak to elsewhere but here in the UK there was a massive moral panic about nunchucks after the release of Enter The Dragon. This lead to the BBFC recalling the film - Enter the Dragon was effectively banned here for ages and even when allowed out again it was heavily cut. The poster of the film is still different here. Anyway the head honcho at our film classification board waged a one man war against nunchucks for decades which is which Mikey never used his weapon and why ninja was taken out of the title
I'm glad to know I wasn't the only person who was madly in love with the beautiful and charismatic Judith Hoag. (Yes I'm a woman. Gay, get over it).
Oh wow, never noticed the michael thing being voiced over by raph. I can see why they did it though, kept that feeling going that raph has an immense amount of guilt over being why splinter was taken in the first place.
don't cry mikey 😭
I want to see a serious version that ends with the last movie being of the last ronin.
My kids quote the hell out of Space Cop a year out, and ask to rewatch it regularly. We can't eat hot dogs without them reminding everyone what they're made of, and every fuckup ends with a "you're welcome." It's definitely better than it gets credit for being.
A lil late on the review, he boyzzzz?
Yeah, TMNT roleplaying was my introduction.
One joke in the movie was so cleaver it flies over most people's heads including my self was when Casy Jones was having trouble staying in the sewers because of the appropriate claim made by Donatella about him being claustrophobic, Casey reacts to that claim by threatening Donny with putting his fist through Donnys head. Stating he's never even looked at a man like that before,  with everyone laughing at his misunderstanding.
Avatar in the water is coming out soon and to do an episode of re-view about a movie that is the polar opposite in terms of story, budget and production, is awesome. The TMNT movie is so good.
This makes me HiGH ON LIFE, demon wind!!!!
This is giving me a diabetic reaction to Christmas cookies!
Second movie is way more goofy but still solid. The third movie was the true death of the TMNT franchise.
Thanks alot for that nightmare fuel of the decomposing animatronic Turtle Head for the costume from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in the Thumbnail. Now I'm never going to sleep because it's going to haunt me in my dreams.  P.S. Wouldn't it be interesting if there is a Steve Barron cut of the first movie somewhere?
Real fact:  When the movie came out in Spain's theaters, "cowabunga!" was mistranslated to a curse word (the equivalent to "F** Great"!) and oftern made use of a few more F swearings. Many kids including myself were blushed, as it was our first time hearing that language. The movie was rated as PG-7, and most parents went shocked and concerned about bringing their 10 y.o. children to watch the movie.    In a way, this film, along with Batman, was my first puberty movie.
Is Jay's last name Buscemi?
It's odd to think that Krang now has relevance in modern science.
You can do worms
So is this the guy responsible for the "This is where me parents died" "cowabummer" meme?
I've always thought this movie was really well done.
I love this movie so much; I was obsessed with the cartoon and saw the film in theaters when I was 9. Years later I showed it to my younger cousins and they are still into the movie decades later. It's definitely not just a kid's flick. It's a solid film all around.   AND WHAT DO YOU MEAN THERE IS A TURTLES ROLE PLAYING GAME. I need to find a copy of it!
7:12 Batman! Tim Burton's Batman is the movie you're thinking of.
"We're going to assume this is an epic episode." The man is a seer, a prophet, a national treasure.
The first TMNT movie is a masterpiece.  They don't make kids movies like they used to.
The TMNT TV theme song, was written by future The Big Bang Theory creator Chuck Lorre.
In contrast to the Masters of the Universe movie, even with the weirdness of elements taken from the comics, TMNT was still clearly the same characters and setting as the cartoon. The Master of the Universe had a big guy with a sword, and Skeletor, but they were running around in a modern city and they had a DIFFERENT annoying sidekick, rather than Orko, it didn't feel the same thing at all as the cartoon or the toys.
Someone should tell rich about the Minecraft animation made recently where he laughed the Cinemadversary to death
I mean the crow kinda hits in that same adult style not for kids kinda thing the way its filmed. I love the turtles so much tho man.
as someone who has 3 turtles the joke is based on actual facts about turtles too. Turtles are pretty good at camouflaging with their environment and are actually pretty good at climbing, a couple times in the past my household let the shrubbery and foliage around their little outdoor turtle den overgrow they will climb it and fucking escape. then i gotta wait in the early mornings to recapture em as i see em hunt through the grass for bugs. Also you think they are slow but damn can they move when they want too, like faster then you think but not like super fast. Like fast enough to be surprised when you see move at top speed. Like "huh i didnt know they can move that quick." With those known facts the obvious joke would to turn em into ninjas.
I distinctly remember the first film and loved it, Barely remember the second film and wasn't even aware there was a third and after seeing the little bit shown in this video am I ever glad I didn't know about the third movie.
In Hungary nobody had a problem with the "Ninja" part, but they left out the "mutant" part. (they called in hungarian teenage ninja turtles or in the title song teenage ninja war turtles.) When I, as a kid, heard about the mutant part I didn't even understand, they arer what they are why are they called mutant.
MMPR and by extention BBBB were both intentionally ripping off the naming of TMNT.
The Frank Miller article is now semi-protected on Wikipedia.
The whole Teenage Mutant HERO Turtles BS in the UK & several other European countries like Germany, came about because the show was deemed "too violent for children" and they tried to downplay any association with violent martial arts, ninjas etc. in order to bypass the strict regulations for children´s tv program. Germany for example, had strict rules that children´s program has to be "educational" and "not promote violence" back then.
As a kid I had a massive crush on Judith Hoag, she's so lovely.
Review avataaar
This was wonderful. Wish it was longer. It would have been great to talk more about the comics.
This is a fantastic and charming episode of Re:view that I will only remember for the shot at 20:40.  I have no idea what I'm seeing underneath that costume and it will haunt me until death
Came for TMNT scholars.  Left with even better results.
This is the best Christmas present. Thanks RLM!
42:10 -coming.... mikey give me a tissue
Much respect for mentioning the TMNT RPG.
Videos like this is why I pay for your Patreon.
okay I'll say it... Probably the last time I saw real god damn fire in a movie.
Rambo callback!!!!!! Movie Dicks Love!!!!!
1st frank miller warning: Well obviously they have to do that  2nd warning: awe they really care what nice guys  3rd warning: How do I create a Wikipedia account?
45:40 it will never stop amazing me how there’s tons of people who can just crank out stuff like this in the waiting room at the dentist.
I STILL have my Palladium books.
You guys need a table to be snugged up to. Will give you something to do with your hands and can have easy talking point memrobilia around.
I honestly never noticed the stuff like the backdrop at the end or anything like that.  It's honestly such a fun movie that you have to look for things like that.
Lol, Rich biting his lips after Freddy say's the 2nd movie was not terrible 🤭
Ninja Turtles was great growing up. I always hid the TV remote so no one could change the Channel when I was watching it. I had this movie on tape would watch it all the time.
NOT SEEN THE STORYTELLER?
In Sweden it was still called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
I could go on for hours about this movie. At every phase of my growing up, I could return to it and find a new aspect of it that I enjoyed. Decades later, it is still in my mind not just a good TMNT movie, or a good comic book movie, it's just a legitimately great film full of various forms of artistry that I'm glad got made the way it did.
My biggest takeaway is how versatile an artist Frank Miller is.
Can't believe you guys got jack black
Wow, I had no idea that Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to go Ninja go
I started with the large black and white comics, never played the games or watched the cartoons.
...why was Bucky O' Haire in that picture...
44:22 - "The first time I met you in person, and I came on the set."  I'd have the same reaction.
holy shit the tmnt 2 splinter bit fucking killed me
This is why ReView is one of the best RLM shows.  Everyone is having fun.
"A little too Raph!"  Not a big fan of the second film but it had the best joke!
love this movie, shit is engrained in my head since i was 7
YALL MADE IT INTO HIGH ON LIFE!😭✨
Wow this is actually a 10/10 video that I didn't know I needed. Thanks for this one!
I loved this movie!!!! I saw it in the theater my brother won 4 tickets at a con
Here in denmark its Ninja. Not Hero
enjoyed everything except the active continual encouragement to deface Wikipedia for 8 years.  if i was a dictator, i'd have anyone who purposely lies on Wikipedia given the death-penalty.
and.... update.
I never knew Frank Miller was as song writer.
Greatest movie poster of all time
What I got out of this is that I really need to read these comics
Unabashedly enjoy the first movie, agree there's something kind of special about it.
Don't know about the rest of Europe, but in Italy they've always been called the Ninja Turtles
Back in the early '90s, my family had the VHS of this movie. I watched it so many times I about wore it and the vcr out.
Totally rad review guys!! Please do tmnt II and III!!
these garbage channels are so desperate for content
The 1990 TMNT movie is the best fantasy "superhero" movie ever made, I think, because it authentically felt like the story was taking place in our world, rather than us watching a fantasy world or some fantasy alternative to our world. The events are believable, or as believable as it could be. Also, Splinter is the best-looking special effect character I have seen in a movie CGI or not, especially when he is sitting in the chair, talking to Raphael. I'll admit he has the benefit of lighting and frailty, but the materials they used, the way the moisture of the sewer interacts with his fur...he really comes to life
Adolescent radioactive black belt hampsters
So excited to hear that Rich was cast as Gollum in Rings of Power.  Really looking forward to it.
Interesting fact about rats is that they reproduce like crazy so when Splinter says "coming", biologically it makes sense.
Ya gotta admit how badass the intro to the original animated series was.
More Freddie please, love this dude... :)
2:48 Toys r' Us had one of the collected First Comics reprints/colorizations of the Mirage comics. Picked up a copy knowing the movie/cartoon and Archie comics and it was pretty eye-opening. Many years later I'd finish picking up those reprints and had built a sizable collection of the Mirage + Archie comics and the various reprints.
My towns local movie theater at the time wasn't going to play this movie because the owner thought the name was stupid he didn't think anyone would want to go see it being oblivious to the fact that it was one of the most popular cartoons.
We WANT a PLINKETT Review of SPACE COP !!! Now get your lazy asses from that couch and just do it ! I want to hear Mike's Plinkett's voice criticizing Mike's lame acting ! 😁 "why is Nadine in this movie...Oh right she's playing a hooker, she would be better in my basement though, among all the skulls...."
This is seriously the best discussion on TMNT I’ve ever seen.
We had here someone whose first exposure was the cartoon, someone whose first exposure was the comics, and someone whose first exposure was the TTRPG. Mine was actually this movie. I didn't have access to the cartoon growing up, but I immediately fell in love with this movie as a kid, and I've seen it a few times recently and it still holds up. One of my favourite movies of all time. It's got a solid plot, extremely well-crafted characters, and surprisingly good action.
Freddie is great guest... more Freddie!
I would love to see someone take these 90's turtles puppets and put them in a modern pg13 turtle movie with minimum cgi. Take what they were almost doing in that first turtle movie and make a serious non goofy turtle movie minus the crazy CGI. I think that would be interesting.
Jim Henson wasn't grim and violent?  By any chance have you ever tried Wilkins coffee?
Fun conversation guys! I loved this movie as a kid. Rewatched recently and still enjoyed it.
The lore behind ninja turtles is amazing. Shredder is badass. The 'new' shredder is gay
Freddie is SUCH a kind and humble person while being so eloquent and insightful. I'm always so happy to see him make an appearance ♥️♥️♥️
Cowabunga!
That thumbnail picture is the thing of nightmares. I mean Rich is just so terrifying.
Rich, Jay. Please cover anything to do with Jim Henson.  Thank you.
What is it with Hollywood's weird way of colorize who's the lead? Red being the lead!!! Rafael was never the lead character or the interesting character. It's the same with every Hollywood production ever since...
Loved this movie as a kid, the turtle suits still looks good
It's Ninja not Hero in Poland. So apparently not the entire Europe.
For some reason this episode is really great in my opinion. It’s full of tidbits and I really like the fact that Freddie and Rich just genuinely love what they are talking about. Fantastic editing as usual! The visual references are fantastic, I love that you added the picture of the sketch on the release form.
Rich Evans + The Funniest Joke in the World is how I want the endtimes to arrive.
Possibly the earliest/best memories of amazing cinematic & lighting for me as a kid. Executives didn’t know what they were talking about. Cult film, enough said.  I’ll never forget Shredders intro.
TURTLE POWER!!! - Saw this opening weekend in the UK, 1990. - Was a big event for me and my mates! - But because of the ban on showing Nunchucks in media at the time, our UK edit had a different ending. - Shredder charges Splinter, there's an awkward cut, and then he is then just shown falling to his death! - No talking between him and Splinter. No tension, and no real explanation of how that even happened! It just looked like Splinter moved out of the way and Shredder slipped over the side of the roof! - Even as a 10 year old kid, I could tell something was fucky and that perhaps we were being robbed of footage! - Bloody Boomers were still ruining shit even back then! ^_^ - Anyway, cheers for the re:View. My faveourite show on the YooToobs!!
In England, the agency that monitors the suitability of the programs for children did not want the word ninja (assassin) in the program, for the same reason the nunchuks changed. That would have corrupted us all. Fortunately, the supervisors noticed what kind of danger we were in!
The first one is a great comic movie. It really holds up well.  It’s a love letter to the comics.
Sad as this is gonna sound from a 23-year-old man. This is still my favorite movie of all time
Somehow this episode was uploaded right when I'm playing the 2003 game
In England there was a craze for kids making throwing stars and nunchucks in metal work classes. Probably throwing them at each other... Anyway, the tabloid newspapers created a wave of hysteria and 'Ninja' became a taboo word for a while... I'm sure that was why the name was changed.
Im shocked of all the TMNT ripoffs they mentioned, no one brought up the best:  The Adolescent Radioactive Kung Fu Hamsters. In the 90s, Clint was the G.O.A.T.!
I just rewatched the film yesterday so I could enjoy this re:view. I loved it as a kid. It has some interesting aspects, although  it's not so good overall. But the re:view was a joy! The guests are always so good, Freddie is such a nice guy, the Return of the living dead one is a favorite.
TMNT was the 1st movie I owned as a kid.  We saw it in the theater and when we we went to rent it when it came out it was all out so my mom bought it for me...still have the original copy.
I loved the movie so much when I was a kid, I think I was like 10 or 11.
It was the BBC.  State-owned media, producing good quality stuff and syndicating popular things; overall very good service. But *very* politically-conscious. There had been some concern about the role in violence on TV viz youngsters, yada yada, and basically the top brass at the Beeb decided that the word 'Ninja' was unacceptable as it had violent connotations (nobody in the UK in the late 80s / early 90s actually knew what a ninja was; just assumed it was a killing machine warrior from the early 80s video nasties - so you can blame the VHS boom for this). So, the clueless BBC decided that a Saturday morning kid's show could not be about "ninjas" but "heroes" were appropriate, so that's what happened. It was the timid Beeb, fearing parental backlash and applying a really short best before date to get in there first and protect their asses / the tender psyche of the young viewer of course. We all used the word 'ninja' when we talked about it at school though.
In Swamp Thing by Alan Moore the Swamp thing is created by the remains of a dead scientist via 'planarian worms' too
Must have been an eastern European thing to change the name because here in the UK it's always been known as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Anyone remember the Pizza Hut commercial before the movie on the VHS?
Great video
When the day before the VHS release came ALL the kids in school were twitching and antsy to get out of school to have our parents drive us to the video store to get a copy for the weeekend. During our last class the teacher asks us- "Guess what we are doing today?" Then she puts her purse on the desk and pulls out a VHS copy of the Turtles movie holding it up. We all start screaming, hooping and jumping for joy. It turns out her brother was a video store manager and got her a copy early.  That made our Friday awesome.
it's Steve Barron's second feature film. His first being Electric Dreams - amovie about a computer falling in love with a human and realising it can never work out and then committing suicide. it's awesome and it bombed  in a documentary about 80s music video directors he tells a great story about the time he nearby crushed madonna in the middle of a road with a crane while shooting Burnin' Up
The way Rich Evans and Freddie are sitting, it looks like they are the same guy, with Freddie just a more sexy, well dressed version of Rich shown in a mirror image.
I dont watch this channel but why is the guy on the left always yelling?
I highly disagree with some of the comments here like "awkwardly fighting in rubber suits". No, the fighting is fantastic considering how heavy and hot the costumes were. Or "they could barely do the turtles". No, the articulation, movement and expression in their faces is pretty damn flawless.  This movie was the PERFECT blend of the comics and cartoon. Dark but funny. Violent but bloodless. Just an absolute 10/10 that still  holds up today.
MIDDLE-AGED BUDDHA BEETLES
I know you guys didn't like Rogue One, but you would love Andor! You should watch it before your end of the year catch up, or what ever, episodes!
Did you guys know Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to “Go Ninja, Go Ninja, Go!” It’s on his Wikipedia page.
Regarding the Hero and Ninja turtle thing. Here in Sweden if i recall it was first called "Ninja", but later on got changed to "Hero" to give off a less aggressive vibe. I remember that even back then, people thought it was a really odd thing to do and still called em Ninja Turtles.
all im gonna say is itsreal85
Turtles were my childhood. I wasn't totally into Turtles. I thought they were neat. I thought Robocop and Gremlins were cooler.  btw I am a Donatello man to the bo -staff.
I feel as through that this guy postponed the interview so much, to get better rehearesed in Ninja Turtle Lore. Just a feeling.
I'm shocked that the 2000's cartoon never came up since that version followed the original comic story line closely. My older cousin and I had a disconnect years ago because he grew up with the 80s cartoon and when we talked about TMNT it took us a moment to realize we where actually talking about two different shows.
Yes, the change to the title in Germany is lame but the German title track slaps.
I would love to see a Sin City-esque black and white style film gritty like the first movie without the comedic antics. Comparison would be like going from the original Keaton Batman to Christian Bale Batman.
The way Casey Jones says 'cricket' has stuck with me for decades.
Ah Biker Mice from Mars!  Love that one.
kind of taxi driveresque feel
Grew up loving this movie
I think it was called "hero" turtles here in Europe simply because test audience preferred it. Ninjas wasnt "a thing" here.
Watched this with the kids a few weeks ago ... everyone loved it .. each time I watch it over the years the less its flaws bother me and for a kids movie it holds up pretty damn well
What’s interesting about TMNT is how it’s timeless. Every new generation has kids that loves TMNT. Is it the pizza? Is the roided humanoid ninja turtle? Who knows
Please watch and review andor
I remember being ruthlessly made fun of in school when I was 12. I had just got a new school bag and some permanent paint pens and I wrote "TMNT are cool" on the bag. Looking back, I feel like I was ahead of the times lol
The "new" season of the 80's turtles the other with a more serious opening song, was made more "angular" and has this grim look because Batman the Animated Series was just very new at that time and it literally crashed down everything, so everybody wanted to have some of that BTAS pie and TMNT wasnt going to just sit there and not try to be BTAS.
The TMTN movie was almost a straight kung fu movie, because it was made by Golden Harvest.
Speaking of cloning, I love how Freddie is morphing into a Super Josh.
this was my second movie after the super Mario brothers movie.
Avengers copied going to a farmhouse to recover.
They nailed it on the timeliness of the release, it was right in the middle of the craze.
TMNT2 IS THE GREATEST FILM OF ALL TIME
Holy crap I never thought I'd heard Palladium Books mentioned on RLM, color me surprised.
oh shit, I totally forgot sams club had comic packs, but I remember them. of course, sams club is DEAD now.
The 3rd movie definitely hit the theaters. I saw it there and I remember never wanting to see it again.
24:21 ...What the fuck is going on here?
Girly men defined in these dudes.
This episode is, I feel at least, one of their highest quality entertainment, all made to work so utterly perfect by their more relaxed structure/format, instead of what they usually go with as the tone and style. The atmosphere brimming with a comfortable joyous common celebration between all of them, as to their experience with this movie, but mainly as a baseline the use to then branch out from, to all have a quasi-campfire talk with jokes and laughter, in a very wholesome and respectfully appreciative way, refraining from going for a negative focused and basically mean-spirited and wouldn't have allowed this very special episode to be the awesome uniqueness that it truly is!
I thought the movie was corny so i never cared to rewatch. now knowing the actual parody history of the franchise…I need to give it another shot. RLM is so good at making you wanna watch shit that you don’t wanna watch
Nothing beats the 90s man. Kids these days are living an odd life
This is amazing! Enjoyed every minute of this
Great review wish the RLM crew talked a little bit about Golden Harvest and how they were key to making the martial arts fun in the film.  The company that backed Jackie Chan and Samo they pushed the dark and the martial arts
That thumbnail is the creepiest ish I’ve seen in a long while
This is honestly one of my absolute favorite movies.  I just wish they would have talked about the foot clan's hideout.  That place was like a 80s-early 90s adolescent/teenagers dream world.
I would really love to know RLM demographic data. 😅
A TMNT 1990 video game is needed.
I remember that joke about updating Frank Miller's wikipedia page was very timely because a few weeks before then on a Previously Recorded stream we did Wikipedia races, and people in the chat were editing the pages with jokes for Rich and Jack to find.
This entire exchange made me rewatch the Horse Ninja video, and made me wonder if Freddie has talked to Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird about it, or if someone has tried to get them to sign a Horse Ninja comic.
Freddie is like Josh the Wizard with a makeover.
Glad I'm not the only one that thinks splinter being Yoshi is the better origin
When he's talking about how he thought he was hallucinating when he saw an obscure ninja turtle movie... That's how I felt when I switched on the TV in a hotel room in Thailand, partway into Transformers 2. I kept thinking it was a student project fan film. But I also kept thinking that Shia Lebouf looked really familiar like he was a real Hollywood actor. It was like a fever dream.
“This movie is nowhere near as bad as it might have been, and probably is the best possible Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movie”  -Ebert
As a kid Raphael screaming shocked me. The look of the scene and the camera really was intense.
RLM = witty banter about movies and ironic humor with killer on screen chemistry from a bunch of camcorder era hack frauds. Perfection ala carte.
The reason the Turtles were called "Hero Turtles" instead of Ninja Turtles in the UK was that the word Ninja was essentially banned from appearing in movie titles at the time, bizarrely. This followed the craze of ninja films in the 80s that Rich references. This was partly driven by the moral crusade against "video nasties" of Mary Whitehouse (who was also responsible for the word "Chainsaw" being similarly blacklisted) but her focus was more on gory horror movies.  The other, probably larger, reason ninjas were banned was that the craze surrounding the films led to a lot of people importing throwing stars and nunchucks. A friend of mine who must have been about 10 had a genuine, razer-sharp throwing star. He took it out and threw it at a telegraph pole, into which it embedded impressively. Unfortunately (or fortunately, really) a few throws later he missed the pole and it soared through a hedge, into a wheat field, and was never found.  Anything with nunchucks in was heavily cut by the BBFC, presumably to discourage the spate of idiots smashing themselves in the balls with the things. The Turtles films were cut in the UK because of this, and had much less nunchuck action. I remember at the time we just knew it had been cut, and this led to wild rumours about what the uncut American version contained. Someone I knew claimed to have seen it and painted a vivid picture of multiple beheadings and a turtles on April O'Neill gangbang.  Even The Secret of the Ooze was cut! The scene where Michaelangelo uses the sausages as weapons was cut because they looked too much like nunchucks. Arguably the only good thing to come out of the whole video nasty era was a note from the BBFC instructing the filmmakers to "Reduce to a minimum the dazzling display of swinging sausages" although now I think about it, it is possible they were referring to the scene with Splinter on the roof.
Mbappe
"The perimeter is quiet"  "Yeah, a little too quiet" "There's Raph"  "Yeah, a little too Raph"
First movie I saw in the cinema’s age 5.  Loved it then and still love it.
I still have my copy of Palladium's TMNT & Other Strangeness RPG, which was also my introduction to them.  I saw the movie in the theatre; visually, TMNT reminds of The Crow.  I love the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turltes!
TMNT is the French Connection of superhero movies🔥🐢🔥
So it was Chimera worms who revived Shredder.
Great episode! I love TMNT
As a massive fan of this iteration of the Turtles (-3), thanks for this. When I saw the post of that rotting costume I legit almost cried. Afterwards I felt like a pussy...both are the correct ways to feel as a 30+ year old man who loves Ninja Turtles. 😑
Punch bags are sold by the same company that makes Fart bags.  Bags R Us
The second movie secret of the ooze is basically the same movie but more comical
I can't believe they complain about TMNT 2 and that none of them have seen TMNT 3.  2 is Citizen Kane next to 3.  TMNT 3 is genuinely one of the worst movies I've ever seen, and it singlehandedly killed the franchise for like 15 years.
'coming... to a decision'... god i never clicked with that, granted like them i hardly ever watched the 2nd one that often (been about 15 years since last time).  The TMNT the gift that keeps on giving 30+ years latter. Nice to see someone mention the Storyteller series, not enough people know about or mention it... as a kid in the 80's that show was my jam, and that first season and its puppets are god damn master pieces (The giant Griffin puppet in The Luck Child is still to me one of his best creations)
Listen I know you guys don't do animated movies but you guys should review the 2007 TMNT movie
27:45   Mike: That was another thing I was excited about with the movie, was the fact that it was Jim Henson, and in such an odd project for him to work on Rich: This was before he died right?  Yes Rich. He wasn't dead during the shooting of this movie.
21:40 nope. In Italy it was and still is the Ninja Turtles.
idk if anyone's mentioned this but in the 2003 TV series, they actually do stick with the space worms explanation for Utrom Shredder in a later season after he got blown up. It doesn't stick out as much at that point since all the space stuff has been a good chunk of that series up to that point lol
headphones + being high = donatelo double mouth was genuinely scary
Frank Miller may not have written the lyrics to "Ninja Rap" but Chuck Lorre of "Two and a Half Men" and "The Big Bang Theory" wrote the lyrics to the TMNT cartoon...
Nice update to Freddie’s Wikipedia page haha check it out.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was the first film I saw in the cinema, glad it still holds up now. It's also good to see Freddie again on the channel.
I can't wait to update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page. Did you know he wrote the lyrics to "go ninja go?"
I think ninja was not a word allowed in the UK. In Norway it has not been a problem, I have at least six vhs rental video releases of movies from te 80s with the word ninja on the cover, in the movie title :) In the Turtle Power documentary from 2014 they mention that it was in England it had to be changed :)
One of the Best Movies I Loved Growing up....The TMNT first time on screen is Classic
yesssssssssssss re:View is easily my favorite RLM feature
FYI: "Europe" isn't a country. In Sweden, it was called Teenage Mutant NINJA Turtles. No one had any negative connotations to the word "ninja" and everyone knew definitely knew what a ninja was.
Did you know that David Warner was in….Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze?
I recently unearthed a scrapbook I made of the comics they printed as a daily strip in the newspaper from like ‘91. I put it up for sale figuring a collector might want it for a couple bucks, bidding went crazy for it. I had assumed those strips must have been reprinted to high heaven since then but maybe not
Love the flashback to WOTW 7 with Freddie!
Sorry I’m late. Just updated Frank Miller’s Wikipedia page to include the fact he wrote the lyrics to the ‘Ninja Rap’ song as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2….So…did I miss anything?
I used to have so much merch and now all I have left is my 30 year old sleeping bag.  I still miss my turtle van to this day.
Oh i dont fucking know because there ninja and not easily suppose to be able to easily spot them out
Addams Family Review. Those movies are fun and they nailed the attitude everyone has now. Intentionally aloof and really dry sarcasm.
There are two types of people: Ninjas and people who think pity is a weapon.
Vietnam explained in one easy videos.
I'm 40, but I loved the Nick cartoon and watched it with my kids back in the day.
I was really into this series when I was VERY young, but I never stuck with it because every time a new cartoon came out they changed the tone, style, story, etc. None of that really matters to me now, I quite enjoy alternative takes on classic shows. Rise of the TMNT drastically changes a LOT of the lore but is an excellent series
He’s totally dead
The Ninja versus Hero thing in the naming- At the time there was a big panic in Britain about ninja weapons and paraphernalia. I don't remember if it was actually caused by any sort of incident, but British institutions had a big fear of Ninja related stuff.
I grew up in the 80s and 90s in England, I legit don't remember when my first exposure to -TMNT- TMHT (to us because we banned the word "Ninja" lol) was... I just remember the phrase "Turtle Mania" being thrown around everywhere on TV, like "Turtle Mania sweeps the nation!"    _By far_ my favourite Turtles-related memories is going down to the Seaside as a kid and playing the 4P TMNT (and The Simpsons) arcade cabinet with my brother, and on the very rare occasion with 2 other friends. Donatello was my boy.
It is not named teenage mutant hero turtles in Europe, just in the UK (for whatever reasons) . The rest of Europe kept the ninja part.
I fucking loved this video
I have about 10 TMNT t-shirts that are in my rotation, i watched the movie roughly 7 million times as a kid, I love this franchise
I’ve grown the appreciate the first, but as a kid II gave me what I wanted as a fan of the cartoon.
This is delightful. Good to see Rich and Jay being so enthused about something and Freddie is always great. I loved the Ninja Turtles when I was a kid (though being a brit it was hero turtles of course). I can remember building their sewer lair after Blue Peter did a segment making one. I can remember liking the cartoon but being annoyed that the animation got steadily worse and worse. Like every other cartoon from the 80s. The only comic I remember reading was one about the Rat King or something. It was dark and  creepy from what I recall and I loved it. And I always hated Raphael.
Finally the best movie ever made gets a re:View! About time you frauds!
Rich's laugh is hilarious
Just found you guys in high on life! Super cool of you to be part of this game! Love it!!!! Big fan here
Freddie Williams is a cool dude
Today I learned that Frank Miller wrote "Go Ninja Go". This fact should be included in Frank Miller's Wikipedia page.
Good to see Freddy again! He's a fun guest hope he's been well.
Freddy is such a nice person, I could listen to him and Rich talk about comics for hours, even though I haven't been very interested in comics myself.
In comics, there was Radioactive Adolescent Blackbelt Hamsters.
They should rerelease the first movie with this as an extra on it, because it's pretty damn awesome. Some cool factoids. So, in theory, the turtles are canon to Marvel....? I remember hearing that the same mutagen that mutates the turtles is the same stuff that blinded a young Matt Murdock.
Wait... If Freddie is the Batman Ninja Turtles guy... DID HE DO THE "COWABUMMER" PANEL? OH MY GOD
I love this whole conversation! Selfishly though, Casey Jones is my favorite part of the first movie and so I would have loved more convo on him. I had hopes that with the big CGI abomination turtle movie casting the Arrow guy Stephen Amell they were going to go that gritty, slightly manic and very morally gray nearly Taxi Driver level of Casey Jones--but NOPE.  Elias Koteas easy pick as favorite violent sporting-goods vigilante!
What a great guest
I've watched this movie nearly 100 times and I never noticed Raph has a scar on his face.  I wish a modern Turtles movie would replicate the tone and aesthetic of 1990 Turtles.  Those original full-body suits and animatronics still look better to me than any iteration since.  This will always be one of my favorite movies.
God loves you ❤
I love secret of the ooze also.
I think Jay is a bit tough on the sequel - I was the prime audience for it, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. The third one though... dear god that third one...
This was great. I also hadn’t watched the Ninja Turtles movie since the 90s until I was working my way through old comfort movies during the pandemic for obvious reasons. I was shocked how much I still enjoyed it. That darker tone and playing the absurdity straight really aged well. There’s nothing else quite like it. I also went down the rabbit hole of reading all of the original comics, which are arguably even better and share that tone. It shifted my opinion of the franchise entirely. There’s almost and outsider art quality to it in those early comics. Like everything else the franchise got commodified and turned into something else once there was money to be made. I was happy to discover that wasn’t always the case with the TMNT. Sometimes nostalgia isn’t poison!
I loved this movie. Watched it as a kid, hired it repeatedly from the video store, and to this day I can still sing the closing song (mostly, the memory ain't what it used to be). So much better than the tv series and better than all the movies that came after it by a large margin. I've never read the comics, but knowing it was closer to them than the others makes so much sense.
1:30 "From the time I discover the comics.... I was a far bigger fan of the comics!" Rich Evans, the gift that keeps on giving.
This is tough, because I liked the 2nd and 3rd one! But then again, I was a lil kid! I enjoyed the fantastical nature of them-- made it much more comic
Watched the movie recently, still holds up
I met Michelangelo at a gun show. He hugged me and gave me a comic book TMNT calendar and then he signed it "I love you." and I scratched it off.
Jim Hensons The Storyteller.   Thank you Jay!! I watched that as a child when sick with flu and always wondered if the hedgehog playing the bagpipes was actually on a TV show or part of my fevered dreams.  You've put to rest a 20 year personal mystery.
I went to the cinema and watched both turtle movies. They were amazing for it's time and still are brilliant to watch.
Jay "It was Jim Henson" Rich "This is before he died, right?"  No Rich, this is his lesser known zombie period. Or maybe they weekend-at-Bernie's-ed him? How ironic would that be?
Born in 86, so TMNT was my jam from an early age.  Had a few episodes on VHS with Pizza Hut commercials beforehand.  This movie was like a grownup version of the turtles, which was one of my favorite things to imagine for franchises as a kid, like Power Rangers.  This is still one of my favorite movies ever!
Oh snap, I had that TMNT role playing game book they showed here, I had totally forgot! I never played, I just read it all and stared at the art over and over and it actually got me into D&D style game books for the art alone.
I would love to see a live-action Visionairies movie.
Mpappe😅😅😅
middle aged buddha beetles, Rich Evans is far more clever than he gets credit for! I love Rich evans, he deserves his own show.
I grew up knowing the original cartoon, but I LOVED the 2003 TMNT. That Nickelodeon series did some incredible stuff, feeling like Batman The Animated Series, and even adapted What Goes Around Comes Around. Solid solid run.
Am I the only one that thinks Jay is really really really really high during the filming of this episode
I love, love and LOVE Williams’s work with James Tynion IV on their TMNT/Batman trilogy. I’ve probably mentioned it before but it bears repeating because it’s so fun and imaginative and the art is just so bombastic and dynamic.  For those that are passing comic fans or have not read it I urge you to pick it up. If you love TMNT you’re going to love it.
Popular with kids and the socially retarded...  I've lived my life in both shoes!😅
In Germany they were called Ninja Turtles… no hero turtles here!
So that's where the last ronin idea must have come from that cut sub plot in the og movie. Noice.
I only just noticed, at 26:22, the clip of Splinter telling them he is going to die one day, Raphael is the only one not kneeling at first. It looks like the actor didn't realise they were filming and is casually standing there chatting or something, then he realises and gets down on one knee. Clearly they can't see or hear shit in those costumes. 😆
Somehow Shredder has returned...
I liked that the video ended with a "don't try this at home, kids" tone 😂
Who else as a kid had the cassette soundtrack??
The UK banned the "ninja" part of the title, they basically legislated against violent suggestion. Bloody Maggie Thatcher, what a wuss!
I love all 3 but the second is my favorite
Unabashedly love TMNT II. People may dislike it for the deviation from the first, but the sheer silly absurdity of it has stuck with me for 30 years. The ridiculous toys instead of weapons, bizarre jokes, Tokka & Rahzar as childish monsters, to his credit poor David Warner is trying with almost nothing to work with (R.I.P Irenicus you madman), the stupid Vanilla Ice cameo singing the Ninja Rap; I adore it all. A lack of Casey Jones is also a plus, personally.  Suppose it could qualify as a guilty pleasure, yet to me it nearly reaches a level of parody of the first film that I struggle to find fault with.
23:16 True, I have a couple of old Ninja Turtle figures that I equipped with He-man amour & weapons then I was young.
Back in the day, the UK didn't allow stuff for kids to have "violent" stuff in the title. So things like Ninja Turtles, GI Joe, etc were changed.
Great review!  Check out Zone Troopers, it's really, really not good.
From what I remember the 2003 series did a pretty good job with the What Goes Around Comes Around story.
have freddie on to talk about the dare devil show. I know at least one of you have seen it.
Nice to see Freddie again! Always liked him as a guest :)
Samurai Pizza Cats!
Gotta love cultural differences. In Spain, they didn't use Hero for the cartoon show's title and whatnot. However, they replaced cowabunga with "de puta madre" (an exclamation that means "fucking great") in both the first and the live-action movies.   The 90s were weird.
glad you guys got together for this. This was really nice
Idk about "Europe" but i can assure you that in Italy they were called Ninja Turtles (Tartarughe Ninja)
Biker Mice was actually sick though
In the UK it was down to Margaret Thatcher.  Not the worst thing she did but still.
Rich's first comic was also my very first exposure to the turtles.
I want to play in new movie or help put together a new video game for TMnT
Don't mind me, just feeding tasty tasty comments to the algorithm
I still remember seeing Turtles 3 in the theater. I remember leaving the theater with a strange empty feeling which I now know to be disillusion.
40:20 Samurai Pizza Cats SMDH
The Shredder resurrection sounds like it was inspired by Alan Moore's Swamp Thing... way back in issue 21 it was discovered that Swamp Thing wasn't actually Alec Holland, but was just a bunch of swamp matter that ate Alec Holland haha.  The worms referenced were planarian worms, which at the time were believed to be able to eat something and absorb its memories.  (I think they've since found that the associated study was actually flawed and not quite accurate...)
NOOOO!!! Only country in Europe that changed Ninja to Hero was Great Britain. As a Finn I was always confused why some shirts did say Hero instead of Ninja, but those were of course products for the Brits. We all know them as Ninjas, it's only those one peeps in an island that had a problem with Ninjas.
Rich, an upper 50 year old man, made sure to wear his teenage mutant ninja turtles shirt on teenage mutant ninja turtles today, just wow...
I wanted this to keep going even longer. I was born in 1993 and as a kid i rented Ninja Turtles 1 and 2 countless times from Blockbuster. It was my first exposure to the franchise and I loved them both. As a kid I loved the 2nd more than the first but I do see how parts don't age so well as an adult watching them again. Rich and Jay you are my idols and if Mike reads these comments, i love you too bud.
one of my favorite alltime movies
So Shredder is a Hunter from Halo.
WHAT IS THAT WHITE SPECK ON THE GROUND NEAR JAY'S LEG?! IT'S DRIVING ME CRAZY!
Sam Rockwell best part of the film.😶👍
At 8:07 the caption says Turltes not Turtles. Not like it matters. Just an observation.
Dudes rock
Ninja Turles
This movie shocked everyone with how good it was. And one of the Coreys as Donatello was absolutely perfect for that time. And til this day, the movie holds up. Its just a GOOd movie. A solid late 80’s action flick.
Am I the only one that likes the worm resurrection idea?
Really good one guys  Thank you.
RLM's market research is on point. They really have their finger on the pulse of the "white men, nerds, in their 30s and 40s, from the mid west" demo.
@40:00 they forgot my other boyfriends the S.W.A.T. Kats
I was the first person at my elementary school to dress up as a Ninja Turtle for Halloween... First season too before all the merch was everywhere.  Mom made it from scratch and I walked around school with a busted sledgehammer handle as my staff like Don.    Oh and yes, I have a birthday boy quality pic to back it up LOL
Jay has an incredible head of hair, and a terrible beard
As someone who grew up with this movie, I'm going to make a controversial statement and I don't care if it gets me removed from the TMNT fanclub.   The Bayturtles movies were 1000x better. Out of the Shadows kicks the ass of any of the old movies. Some genuinely great action, great character moments, and satisfying climaxes. Not like the anticlimaxes of Shredder getting killed in a garbage truck and then later dropping a pier onto himself.
On imDb, Space Cop has a 5.2/10, while Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III has a 4.8/10, which feels generous for both.  Anyway, great episode with one of their best guests, recurring or otherwise!
Random Turtles story: One day my mom calls me up and asks if I have any of my Turtles toys left around. I say maybe, I'd have to look in storage, why? And she explains that her friend's kid is super into the Turtles and apparently these old 90s toys would make him the happiest kid in the world, because apparently Turtles action figures are really hard to get nowadays. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is one of these concepts that's just kind of timeless in that a kid will still want the same 25 year old toys I used as a child.
I was lucky enough to watch this in the theaters, and I'm pretty sure it was the second movie I ever saw.  It's a small, but essential part of my childhood. I must have watched the VHS at least 100 times. It feels like a lifetime ago...
Love this re:View, love this film. All the anecdotal stuff about the comics was great. I had the thought watching this of how much I’d love to see a Jim Henson Studios take on Krang. Wish they had touched on: 1. The amazing soundtrack (both score and ost) 2. Young Sam Rockwell, “regular or menthol?” 3. The badass Foot hideout with the halfpipe and the Narc arcade cabinet
I am coming   to watch the new re:view. One of my favorite movies growing up and one of my favorite movies of all time, and this was a really pleasant episode to watch
Just finished watching this video and saw on my Facebook memories that i watched the TMNT movie with my family 10 years ago
thank you for helping me find the movie I'm going to watch tonight. 👍👍  I loved this movie as a kid.
Freddie is my favorite guest. Always love to see him return.
I am extremely pleased to have learned that Freddie Williams II is the songsmith behind the Ninja Rap from Teenage Mutant Turtles II: Secret of the Ooze (1991). What a banger!
Thanks to Freddie's favorable review of the final rooftop fight, I rewatched and noticed that when Mikey and Donnie shoot for who goes next against Shredder, it's the winner (scissors vs. paper) who takes the turn. Those subtle touches from people who clearly cared are what makes this film a classic.
Dude. When Raphael said Damn!!!!!” It was just edgy enough to make my 9yo self feel really cool. Even more so cause my Dad randomly took me one day. One of the coolest days of my life.
Great Re:view, a classic from my childhood. The thrill of being a mega turtles fan and seeing it come to the big screen was , well, like the thrill of being an adult as phase 1 MCU unfolded but better..  I'll never forget being in public school one day and the intercom going off asking me to come to the office. I go to the office and my mom is there signing me out for the day, she doesn't say anything until we get into the vehicle outside. Either really good or really bad I'm thinking at this point but she hands me a small parcel addressed to me. It was a VHS copy of the ninja turtles movie I had won. My mom took me home in the middle of the school day to make me pizza and let me watch this VHS I had won because she's a great mother and the 90s kinda rocked like that.  Now, to segway into movie info, that VHS was won as a child (89'/90') after dining in at a pizza hut lunch buffet. In 1990, the pizza wars were well under way and brutal. Little Ceasers was a powerhouse but actually the more expensive pizza back then. Domino's was a huge brand but still fighting for that delivery expert spot. Pizza hut was monolithic and the business one lunch buffet would do was enormous. You use to have to wait for a seat like a real restaurant.  Now it was actually pizza hut who had a deal with the movie for promotion, not Domino's. But the pizza wars were so nasty that PizzaHut opted for a Domino's delivery person to appear in the movie.  * The delivery driver pulls up on a rickety mo-ped. *The pizza boxes are bent up and tightly fastened with a stretchy cord on the back of the mo-ped in open air. *The pizza guy is LATE and can't find the address.  * He puts the pizza sideways through the grate- getting your pizza squished use to be a big deal. A huge no no. *The pizza guy is a little rude even though he's late.  *The pizza was made to look disgusting on purpose. If you watch movie , although Freddie finds it appealing, it looks nothing at all like the dominos pizza in the old commercial in this video. The cheese leaks down splinters head like blanc queso cheese and even as a kid it puzzled me until watching a documentary as an adult about the film, explained one of my biggest questions -- 'Why wouldn't you have your product looking delicious and your delivery guy having a fun experience with the turtles?' (Exactly what they would do in secrets of the ooze but sans pizza sponsor and if the first 5 mins of that film doesn't make you want pizza, then you don't like pizza). What we were watching was actually a pizza hut Psy Op for kids/viewers. Literally to make dominos service and product look terrible. Why risk putting a pizza hut pizza up there and risk half the audience thinking it looks gross when you could put the competitions pizza up there looking leaky and bland and getting money off your order cause they were late 'cause yea, that 30 mins or it's free stuff use to be a real thing. Genius marketing really. If you read this whole thing, you must be hungry, go grab slice.
From Frank Miller's Wikipedia article edit history: "This page needs to be locked down due to the trolls trying to add the Go Ninja Go song as a writing credit. Red Letter Media specifically said not to do this shit you incels."
The best part of TMNT 2 that no one talks about is the club foot fight scene. After the turtles take out that big turtle and werewolf the foot clan runs into the club. They square off with the Turtles and Donatello jump spin kicks a surprised guy who immediately crumples to the floor in agony.  and Donny struts off high stepping yelling “I win you lose” then Michelangelo (or it may be Raphael)  kicks another guy the same way and starts dancing, shit is lit lol
Here’s hoping they did TMNT II: Secret of the Ooze
"and you can tell it's a backdrop"  How sad for you, Jay.
As of the posting of this comment: 78 edits listed on Frank Miller's Wikipedia page related to writing the lyrics to "Ninja Rap" by Vanilla Ice. Well done. 😆
I’m surprised they didn’t mention Sam Rockwell was in it!
the lighting in TMNT is better than any major-CG-actors movie ever made and it's not even close, get dunked on by the corpse of jim henson you fuckin nerds
For an 80's kid, this was such a love letter to the TMNT franchise...👌
I was raised with the 2003 cartoon. That shit was as badass and dark as Dragon Ball Z. I feel bad that Jay grew up with the 90s toon, because that cartoon kicked ass.
who thinks the teenage mutant turtle (i forgor his name 💀) in the thumbnail is terrifying
I love these videos. Everytime I get a alert I get excited. You guys never let me down
No single product brought me more joy as a child than the Ninja Turtles.  The movie was an impressive product of its time.  Very noir feel perfectly at place in a high-crime New York pre-cleanup.  The focus on gangs, and disgruntled teen Danny in single parent families places it perfectly in the early 90s cultural era.  It could deliver a meaningful emotion punch though!  That line from Splinter "All fathers care for their sons" still sticks with me today.
Thank the gods it was Freddie Williams! ... From the thumbnail It looked like this episode´s discussion participants were Jake, Rich and JOSH,.. that dude bores the hell out of me!
Nice review, but did you have to use that thumbnail? You monsters.
Good to see Freddie Williams back
"Splinter is the best character". Oh Jay, never change...
Freddie asking what you call a punching bag is the same as mike asking what a missing persons poster is called in the dahmer Re:view
I have that rpg book. Anyways, story time: circa 2000: Im at work and we just recently got a new boss, nice guy, pretty intelligence speaker. So I'm talking to him one day and, I can't remember how the conversation started, but he said something along the  lines of, 'yeah all that stuff came over here from japan, pokemon, ninja turtles..." I was like, whoa whoa whoa there! I had to get him straight lol
We need a Christopher Nolan gritty reboot.
Please do not update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page to include the fact that he wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze.  Freddie was just joking. Please do not do this.
Surprised Jay didn't mention when Raphael went to see a movie he saw Critters.
Samurai Pizza Cats
Well I always wanted to see this due to morbid curiosity but now I have legit interest in watching it
Genuinely surprised they haven’t made the turtles all homos.
Ok so am I tripping or does the thumbnail look crazy 💀 ( blackface )
Went to Frank Miller's Wikipedia just for giggles. The debates about the "Ninja Rap" authorship is hilarious.
Watching this a second time. Good ass clip.
Memories!
Arcade game got me into it. Couple decent games came out of that series.
I think the Konami games of the late 80s early 90s were a major reason TMNT got so white hot in popularity. When I think about the turtles I think about the arcade game and that amazing sound track.
Watch Jay’s face whenever they talk about the comic.
Such an underrated film. Often compared to its sequels or the cartoon its a real shame more people don't give this first live action  Ninja Turtles movie a fair chance.
Hate it
I like how this is trending
I never noticed before what you guys were saying about the faces being entirely static when a turtle is doing stunts! Also, while that by itself is crazy, the more interesting part of that to me is that when the turtles' faces are torqued up into a grimace/scowl like that, they're sculpted into an almost-perfect recreation of faces that would have been drawn by Eatman/Laird or Jim Lawson.
what the hell is that thumbnail
This was the biggest independent movie until passion of the Christ surpassed it
Awesome. I'm a Gen Z TMNT fan but I remember on my 11th birthday renting this movie after playing paintball for the first time. It was the best! Probably one of my best birthdays. Anyway cool video RLM. WISCONSIN GANG!!@@
The 80s TMNT comics were epic.  They were bloody and the turtles listened to thrash metal. The turtles were also pretty serious in their attitudes they weren’t excessively goofy like in the movie.
Trending top 10 and 500k+ views in a day. It brings me so much joy to see this
The way inseenthat rooftop scene, all the cuts hiding the limitations is a feature of the director. He's a master Ninja and he's being bumrushed by a polearm, so he whips out a weapon, parties the sharp end diverts the attackers momentum and foes back to rest in like two seconds. The cuts make his minimal movements seem grander, but it would have looked like he did nothing if you were watching in real-time no I'm not coping shut up
yep, this ones a classic
Yay Freddie!
12:26 made my day
As a European, it's the first time I have heard the "Hero" version. It was still Ninja Turtles.
Holy shit. This vid is number 12 trending on YouTube. Something I've never seen any of the niche, freakish YT channels I watch ever accomplish. I didn't even know there was a chart.
39:36 Mooooooooooo !
Orson Welles. Ladies and Gentlemen. Lol
Real Creepy Ninja turtle.
Btw speaking Laird and Eastman the duo recently came back and penned a 5 issue one shot called the Last Ronin, it's pretty good
It's a fun movie. I went back and watched it and realized that 75% of the movie is turtle-related puns and product placements, but it's still solid and honest.
I always remember noticing Sam Rockwell in this movie as one of the teens at the warehouse who helps save Splinter. Crazy how your brain connects these things from watching this movie when I was a kid.
The 2nd Turtles movie is fine, people hate on it way too much nowadays, the 3rd however...absolute [insert any bad word here].
Is this another video about grown men being serious about children's entertainment? The f**k..........
Mike wearing a 3 piece suit and looking like an adult 24:50
Great to see Freddie back!
This 1990 movies was a staple of my childhood and is one of my guilty pleasures as an adult. I LOVE it. I even had a plastic ninja turtle style piggy bank. It originally had cookies in it, but when it was empty there was a slot in the back for coins to go in. The top came off at the shoulders. I loved it.
This is the first video I have ever got to end credits for rlm. I'm growing up
I remember eating Pizza Hut in my uncle’s dorm room with my cousin and watching Ninja Turtles.
This movie also gave me the most memorable commercial of my childhood. The pizza commercial on the  VHS with the kids playing baseball. So nostalgic.
Welp off to Wikipedia
I was 10 when I saw the first film at the cinema....can remember all the moments that blew me away. Completely subverted my expectations only having really known the cartoon. I still love the film today, for nostalgia, but also more so the craft. The tone, the cinematography, the performance/heart....it had enough of the sillyness to feel on brand, but had enough edge and heart to allow me to grow into it.
My favorite part of the cgi tmnt nick cartoon is when Donnie is being creepy to April so Spliter pulls him aside and tell him that he's going to teach Donnie how to like falling down. Then splitter proceeds to beat the shit out of him asking if he likes falling down yet. Donnie eventually gets the point that you can't force someone to like you
The live action movies were dope in my opinion.
That ninja turtle in the thumbnail is insanely frightening lol
Great to see Red Letter Media referencing biker mice from mars. one of Dunkeys favorite childhood games
"Middle aged Buddha Beetles" LMFAO
as a european, it is called "ninja", not "Hero" here.. so I wonder which country is this aobut? UK only?
Apparently Jim Henson didn't really like the fact that he would me immortalized by a kids show. He wanted to be more dark and ambitious near the end of his life to show the true power of puppetry.
I was born in 97 and the original TMNT movie is one of my all time favorites.
You guys didn’t mention the bangin' soundtrack. I had the cassette as a kid. Listened to it all...the...time!
This video is a delight from start to finish
not a single Sam Rockwell mention.
Yup this movie was my favorite movie as a kid. It still holds up as an adult. I remember seeing it in the movies. I was blown away. ninja turtles ghostbusters and gijoes had the best toys. I had to have them all as a kid. Kids these days really don't have any action toys. It's all gay  safe liberal toys. That's why I'm trying to get my son into ghostbusters and ninja turtles.
Still waiting for Krang. Sorry!
14:55-14:56 Titties Mutant Ninja Turtles. Sure
19:40 Disney's Marvel's Avengers: Age of Ultron (a Marvel Studios production) ripped off the farm-scene from TMNT (1990)! This proof should be added to Jay's existing lawsuit against the Disney Corporation for ripping off his likeness to sell toys; these guys will just rip off anyone!
Great stuff!  I saw the first movie opening night and I just turned 5 so my mom took me and my sister to the Lehigh Valley Mall in Allentown, PA.    I love the movie to this day and it represents what NYC was like in the late 80s early 90s.  Out of every movie I have watched in my lifetime, TMNT is probably the one I have seen the most.
Samurai pizza cats
Like Freddie, I discovered the Turtles through the Palladium RPG first, then the comics.  I didn't really like the cartoon because it was too kiddie.  The movie was an okay hybrid, although I might appreciate it more now like these guys did, being older.  I too remembered the Shredder's return being explained that he was eaten and pooped out by Chinese silkworms or whatever (or space worms) in the epic "Return to New York" storyline.  Although I thought they did actually show it, but maybe that was just in my mind.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turltes III (1993)
Poor Jay
I hear that Nickelodeon wants to redo the live action films again. Would be pretty neat to see Jim Henson Company handle the suits again. Though, I should know better.
I've been wondering what RLM's opinion on this movie was. I rewatched it a few months ago for the first time since I was a kid and was shocked by how well it held up.
I feel the force of the Streisand effect heading towards Wikipedia
What I love most about the 2012 cartoon is that it used EVERYTHING that had come before it. They used worms. They used the alien triceratops. They used Casey Jones crushing Shredder in a garbage truck. It took all the best stuff from the source material, and was never afraid to get extremely bizzare
Wow
Rethink your life rlm crew
Wow my favorite no matter how old I get
I cant believe they actually brought Freddie back!
the first movie walks the line the best marvel stuff does, it got some silly ideas and concepts  but its executed with sincerity and care.  A audience will empathize with anyone as long as you take it seriously.
Love the cameo as well as the irony of it.  🧜‍♂️
Tattooed Teenage Aliens from Beverly Hills...
Wait did this artist do the "This Is Where I Watched My Parents Die, Raphael" meme origin?
I think if I remember correctly, at the time of the cartoon, it was the BBC who changed "Ninja" to "Hero" for the UK, as I seem to recall other European countries they kept the word Ninja, like Spain had "Tortugas Ninja" on the toys.
21:33 I can only speak for germany, but it's kind of Cannon's fault. The Ninja Movies Cannon released in the late 70's/early 80's were infamous for their brutality over here and also sort of the first consideration of the word 'Ninja' in pop-culture here. Over the years everything containing the word Ninja was prejudged as being to brutal for audiences, especially children.
I would really, really like a ReWatch on the first Kung Fu Panda movie more than anything
Samurai Pizza Cats. Another obvious ninja/animal knock off worth mentioning.
Incidentally, the 2012 series was probably the first one I properly watched. It’s was good to start with, but after the first season the writing declined hard. I did make it to the third waiter of the 4th one before I gave up though.
20:39 that’s just the human who was radioactively turned into a ninja turtle trying to get out
I'm from Europe and I grew up on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, not "Hero Turtles". Don't know what part of Europe played that.
Top tier re:View, really enjoyed this episode.
One of my favorite movies of all time, growing up in the 90's. This video is just what i needed today.. Watching this movie tonight
Just as I watched that clip of shredder vs splinter, and jay mentions the large number of edits to cover up the crimes on the rat puppet, I realized that those edits have a masterful continuity of motion with the shredder.  Nice editing by whoever did that section.
turtles were a big part of my early childhood, because of this movie + the tv show, but also because of the video games, especially turtles in time for the SNES, which actually is a masterpiece.
Here in Italy it has always been "ninja" , not "hero"
Wow Mike looks really different
🤑🪙☠👻👽💥💘🅰️💯
you asked the internet to not do something, you do understand that that only encourages the internet to do it right?
I know they were joking in the beginning, but this is probably one of my favorite Re:Views they've done.
Lol just watched there whole commentary track of demon wind in high on life 😂😂😂
This is such a good episode! Thank you
Romans 10:9  That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.
I still think the 1990 Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles has one of the best posters. I like the way they film NYC and the Turtles, especially compared to the awful looking CGI turtles that Michael Bay produced.
I ALSO GET CHOKED UP WHEN THE TALK TO SPLINTER!!!! Ever since I was a child, that scene has always made my eyes wet, still does.
It's still my favorite.
Omg just started watching. Thank you.
Does anyone else remember a young Sam Rockwell having one of his first speaking roles?
Its called "hero" turtles in what was known as Europe  because the British priminster at the time Marget Thatcher thought "ninja" was too violent
I saw the third one in the theatre... my very first movie disappointment. Coming... of age moment.
The Palladium game was my first intro to the turtles, too. Go Freddie!
Just saying seeing you guys in High on Life made me laugh so fucking hard!
Where can I find that 2014 TMNT documentary?
First time ever seeing this channel…. Please remove the blob in the grey shirt, he is both disgusting to look at and awful to listen to
I’m glad I watched this historic best ever ReView episode! It’s all downhill from here and I will no longer be watching, and in fact I just unsubscribed. I will also no longer watch any YouTube videos ever again and will no longer seek to be entertained again. Life has no meaning.
THIS IS THE WORST THUMBNAIL SINCE THE MAJORAS MASK LIPS MOON
This will really piss off the manbabychildrenboys
I’ll forever be grateful that I was taken to see this in theaters as a kid.
Just found you just in High On Life, now you're doing an episode about one of my favorite childhood movies, good shit 👌 👏
I’m in the minority but I thought the first film was terrible yet I loved Secret of the Ooze.  But the less said about TMNT 3, the better.
Well, only learned from this that some Frank Miller wrote some kind of turtles song.
I know these movies too well. I'm so happy you guys got together to talk about them!
I actually discovered the TMNT comics the exact same way as Rich.
Go ninja, go ninja, go
No talk of Sam Rockwell at the footclan hideout???🐢🤯🔫
I'm surprised you didn't bring up the 2003 TMNT cartoon.  That sticks very close to the comics.
It's always weird to use the term DC Comics, then it's Detective Comics Comics. They should have put more thought into that name :P
They did it.. the crazy sobs they did it..
7:10 The look of the movie reminds me of the night scenes in robocop
Sure, Alan Moore uses the worm reincarnation thing and he's hailed as a genius.  Laird and Eastman do it an they're branded as kooks!
12:25 "I got a worm....."
It's still my favorite movie and my go to when having a bad day. I understood Jay's complaints about the goofy sound effects and wonder if it doesn't bother me because my nostalgia blinds me. This watch made my week and thanks for doing it!
40:14 Jay really went to deviantart to find the most sfw biker mice from mars pic he could find. (artist is dubcarnage, does a lot of good fake-screenshot fanart of 80's cartoons)
Ok for real tho, Jay has had scratches and cuts covering his hands/arms for a while now. You ok man? Is Rich hurting you?
Hello friends 👋 I'm YouTuber Mera New YouTube channel hai
Tmnt and motu are 2 of my favourite movies and the movies posters hang framed in my lounge room lol
Hi friends I am YouTuber   Mai 1 new YouTuber Hu  Mere channel se apki help ho sakata hai
Tmnt
Izzat a Mirage Turtles shirt you ordered back in the day Rich? If so, you have won again.
Frank Miller wrote the Ninja Rap? I better update his wikipedia!
oh my gosh he invented "this is where my parents died raphael", hes a cultural icon
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were redubbed as "Teenage Mutant *Hero* Turtles" in _some_ European countries due to some moral panicking about kids consuming ninja media in general (movies, games, comics, etc), though stuff like that would gradually let up some. I don't remember the weapons being censored in the cartoons I saw as a kid in Sweden, but they did do that typical thing where they only ever actually use the swords (or piercing/slashing attacks) against robots and stuff, then using more blunt force and grappling or dodging against living opponents.  My memory could be wrong though, this was absolutely ages ago.
I think the first Ninja Turtles movie demonstrates the opposite of what current "big name" directors do. For TMNT They took the time to understand the material to adapt it to film. You only need to look at the Terminator franchise to see the opposite. People who don't give a shit about the source material and want to make "their own" Terminator movie, and I saw an interview where the director (I think) said it plainly. The modern Star Wars trilogy is full of that idiocy too. No understanding of the source material, and no desire to understand it. Just loosely "based in" the universe. Lazy writing, bad plot contrivances, and just poor foundation. Really does a disservice to everyone else who is working on the movie.
That was over way too soon <3
I was the perfect age for Secret of Ooze, so can't really harsh on it too much. My main complaint was and continues to be the lack of Bebop and Rocksteady.
I was 10 when the movie came out. We had an assembly at school to tell us not to go into the sewers looking for the Turtles. lol
If you just wanted to talk about ninja turtles you could of just said so
Thumbs up for the noid.
I wished they talked more about how the fuck tmnt 3 happened?
you guys make the term 'manchild' endeering
Punching Bag®: the bag that you hit
the first one was great.. I still watch it occasionally.  the second one was Meh and i didnt care for it as much.  The last one.. OMG  what a horrid piece of crap that was.  you can tell at that point they were just milking it for cash.  it was horrible.
So glad to see Freddie again. It’s a good day
Of all the TMNT rip-offs I think the Samurai Pizza Cats was the most blatant 😁
Looking good, Wizard!
I remember getting a couple of the collectors editions of the newer series of comics where Shredder retunes from dimension X and takes over a dojo to frame the ninja turtles. Shame they ended up burnt in a fire.
I recon the whole ban on ninjas and Asian weaponry was a British thing. There even was a Duke nukem type of game, where the main character used Asian weapons. In the British release they were replaced. I think the throwing stars were replaced with darts.
40:30 you can say Battletoads Rich. Had that on the game boy. Fiendishly hard game.
You guys should watch Casey Jones: Live Wire.  It’s free on YouTube right now and possibly the best thing to come out since the 1990 film
this was fun wholesome!
The word "Ninja" was banned in the UK because of a complete panic around "video nasties"  Mostly cheap straight to video action and horror flicks which some people at the time believed were transforming children in Britain into complete psychopaths.  They decided to censor the word Ninja for fear kids would chop off each other's heads on the playground and replaced it by "hero" expecting it would have a positive influence on kids.
45:38 Freddie's Space Cop art is so dope
The first one was amazing, the rest all sucked!
Too bad Casey didn't go "GARBAGE DAY" before crushing shredder
it’s NOT called hero turtles in europe anymore by the way. that ended in like the late 90s
Excellent re:View as always guys. A lot of great trivia too.
It was always so sad to me that in one of the greatest pizza cities, they always order Domino's.
Hope freddie is getting help, he looks awful.
Can we start a petition to make a new sequel to Tmnt of THIS movie version of guys in suits and animatronics again and just make it based in the obvious ridiculousness of it all? Can you imagine the revenue that would generate?
love freddie, always a fun interesting guy.
As an adult I appreciate. Some of these properties being handled in more adult profesional ways. If the stupid execs didnt cartoonify it these movies would have been timeless.
For the record, I too get choked up at the Splinter Fire scene.  Its a dad saying what he believes is his final goodbyes to his sons, reminding them of his love for them. As both a Dad and a Son, I find that super emotional.
Freddie is such a nice talented guy
The Mirage comics Return of Shredder via "space worms" sounds like Eastman & Laird were riffing on Alan Moore's 1982 Swamp Thing (Vol 2) #21 "The Anatomy Lesson"s Planarian Worms bit.
Three bearded men. I like the beard Rich is rocking
8:48 Is that the one where the meme comes from? The one of Batman and Raphael at the spot where Batman's parents died.
The greatest comic book-to-movie adaptation is The Crow.
I can't believe nobody brought up Sam Rockwell as Head Thug.
What the fuck Jay, you cut the song too early.
Congrats on being #7 in the treading tab
I just watched SOTO just a couple days ago and it's honestly not as bad as I remembered. Maybe it's grown on me to be honest. I do think it's ridiculous the turtles don't use their weapons.
One of favorite comic book movies bar none.
This movie is an underrated masterpiece, way ahead of its time
🔥🔥🔥
I saw TMNT 1-3 in theater. 3 was the first movie I ever walked out of. Up to that point I thought all movies had to be good to be shown in theaters and it broke my young reality.
i thought that was jack black
Ninja turtles and Nintendo were my best friends, miss those day's
The irony that you would be shamed for using space worms in a IP about 6 foot half human crime fighting mutant turtles.
I think Henson would have been fully onboard with the TMNT. He spent a lot of time trying to move away from the kiddie stigma of puppets that followed him because of Sesame Street. OG Muppet Show was pretty adult and then he did Dark Crystal and Labyrinth but people just kept thinking puppets are for kids.
Just going to point out, probably unnecessarily, that the 'Hero Turtles' thing was just for us in the UK, 'cause the Tories. So don't go tarring all of Europe with the same feathers, okay?
43:32 As a kid when I saw the third movie that was the first thing I noticed and was like wtf happened lol
guys, i'm going to wikipedia
32:00 "punching the... what is it called, the bag that you hit" lmao nerds :D
I actually saw TMNT III in theater.  I remember I was bored enough that my brother and I spent most of the movie talking instead of watching, and no one seemed to care.  The only part I really remember was the climax, when they somehow knocked the bad guy off the cliff into the ocean with an explosion, and...he just faded into a wave instead of splashing or anything.  It was ridiculously bad, and even as a kid I knew that was the result of the movie makers being extremely cheap and lazy.  The audience in the theater was silent for just a moment, and I heard another kid shout out loudly "That fuckin' sucked!"  The rest of the theater burst out laughing and there were a few comical boos at the movie.  No one watched the epilogue, and the theater started to empty.  My brother and I went home and talked about how that movie was a waste of our allowance to our mom the entire time.
If you want a very close and faithful adaptation of the Mirage comics, check out the "4Kids Ninja Turtles" cartoon.
The live action Christmas special would be a great best of the worst
The original first season of the 1987 TMNT cartoon did look pretty good for what it was, but that's because Murakami/Wolf/Swenson(sp?) contracted the animation work out to Toei Animation, and David Wise (not that David Wise who was Rareware's top game composer) worked in Japan for some time before TMNT 87 began and based April in the 87 cartoon off of Fujiko Mine's look in Hayao Miyazaki's Lupin III movie.  And now thinking about it, that cartoon really had a stellar voice cast.
Space Cop comic needs to happen.  Like yesterday.  Go!
EVERYONE! It finally Happened! An RLM video is Trending! 🎉✨💥 . Also , yeah Space Worms why not? I've been a TMNT fan for years and stopped asking questions a long time ago
Judith Hoag is 54 and she's still so god damn hot
13:20 - 13:35 the worms that take the genetic traits + memories of humans they eat is from Alan Moore´s run on Swamp Thing, specifically the story "The Anatomy Lesson".
The 3rd movie if it eas as dark as the 1st would have been epic
I watched some dumb weapons youtube vid about nunchuks, and in the uk/europe the (ninja-ish)weapons themselves were being banned for safety reasons or something in the 80s/90s. Prbly explains the teenage mutant hero turtles^^
"Cumming!                              ...to a decision. "
I give zero fucks about Teenage Mutant Turtles. I watched solely for the joy Rich Evans brings us all. Thank you Rich, you beautiful, magnificent bastard.
So I went and looked at the edit history of Frank Miller's wikipedia page. One of the most recent edits, and I quote - "11:49, 14 December 2022‎ Juansebaa98 talk contribs‎ 98,814 bytes −90‎ Deleted Redlettermedia ninja rap joke. thank Tags: Mobile edit Mobile web edit"
This movie is so endlessly re-watchable and unexpectedly economical. Discovering Menke was an editor on it locked a lot of that into place.
We gotta stop talking TMNT on RLM
The way it’s shot and looks kind of reminds me of The Warriors
Having Freddie here for this makes me hope and think that he’s gonna appear in a BotW episode shortly
My high school art teacher ripped into me for drawing beefy mature turtles in my sketchbook. Congrats on your career Freddie!
YOU CAN DO WORMS
thoughts here on "The Last Ronin"?
I lost it at  " more Yo-Yo's?.... "  haha
🐢🐢🐢🐢🏒
I still have sets of the turtles as Star Trek TOS characters. TMNT is definitely a phenomenon.
Sadly the Geriatric Gangrene Jujitsu Gerbils movie never really took off
Are we going to get a Mr. Plinkett review or the new Indiana Jones trailer???
Space cop comic?
I didn't realize that Freddie was partially responsible for the first batman TMNT crossover comic. That is no joke one of my favorite comics of all time right next Usagi Yojimbo Grass cutter.
In awe and adoration of Jay for having to comb through all the bloody Turtles comics just to grab stills for this video
I love that Shredder was thought up after one of the guys put his hand in a cheese shredder and wielded it like a gauntlet. lol
Here from Germany, I've never heard "Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles" before, just Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
The best part of TMNT was the arcade video game. I dumped so many quarters into that…
The "Ninja" to "Hero" thing was a UK thing. I believe there was a panic with all the ninja stuff at the time, and everyone clutched their pearls. Also, I don't believe it was exclusive to the TMNT, but they had Ninja in the title, so it was the most obvious.
Ricks backstory about how he discovered NMTT was just the coolest, as confirmed by Freddie Williams and then all there was for Jay to say was: Yeah...
I'm disappointed they didn't discuss the heavy themes of "Fathers" in the film. The entire movie revolves around father relationships
Woah didn't realize they had a different April in the second movie when I was a kid
In the UK they were Hero Turtles because there was a huge manufactured tabloid scare campaign about children going wild with ninja weapons, popping eyeballs with throwing stars or brain-damaging themselves while trying to swing nunchuks like Bruce Lee. None of which happened.
Wait... Frank Miller DIDN'T write the lyrics to the Ninja Rap??
"I was sketching a Space Cop thing on the bottom of the release form..." That is hilarious. At least someone found a practical use for release forms!
Having grown up with the Turtles, the number of subjects the comic series (TMNT AND the cartoony TMNT Adventures) covered in those few years was insane. Aliens, the environment, mythology, religion, death, the afterlife, grief, murder, obsession, guilt, ugliness and beauty, time travel, dinosaurs, intergalactic wrestling, Hiroshima, turtle brains in robot bodies. It was mad. Great memories.
Geriatric Gangrene Jujitsu Gerbils
Dang, now I want to watch the Rambo cartoon.
Frank miller wrote that
Lmaoing at the Wikipedia jannies who have already fixed Frank Miller's page 30 times today.
You guys really need to get TMNT3 on a Best of the Worst, it's that quality.
How did you not even mention the subplot with Danny and his dad, or April and the police chief?  Real weird to go into so much detail and not even discuss major plot points.
I like the third one....
Me on my way to go to Frank Miller’s Wikipedia page and say that he wrote the lyrics to “Go Ninja Go” in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Mysterious Ooze”
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one. *way of water when*
Frank Miller's page is now marked as Semi-Protected, so far there have been over 50 edits today. Great job guys!
Great choice for a re:view
Yeah, I have yet to see the third movie.  I remember it being On-Demand and listening to the audio and wondering what the hell was going on
21:32 In other languages I don't know, but I can tell you that at least in Spanish the title does reference ninjas (in fact if I translate the Spanish title literally back to English, they are usually called "the ninja turtles" and nothing more)
I watched turtles III at the cinema and it was awesome.
I love it when Freddie comes to talk to these hack frauds. They should make a series where he just comes to talk to them about the animated TMNT movies.
Ir Rich's figure attainable natty?
The TMNT RPG was signed off on, just after the 3rd issue of the comic book came out.
I wasn’t aware of the comics at the time. The movie being darker than the cartoon made sense to me since that’s how a lot of kids movies were back then
TMNT comes from the school of " take a normal living thing, but expose it to some kind of chemical or toxin, now it has super powers". The toxic crusader also belongs to that same school of thought. One thing I remember from the old school cartoon (1980s) was how Bebop or Rocksteady would say  "Those damn turtles", then get in a fight with them. Why wouldn't they just go to another city and do their own thing somewhere else? I have my own fan theory that all these "TMNT" are like sport team rivals. They fight each other for the competition, but do not want to actually kill the other.
31:54 Punch Bag: The Bag That You Hit
Ah, the Palladium game! I still have that book, too!  One of my favorite parts of that was that they statted the turtles out, and they're what a fan would expect for the most part...except for Leo who, for some reason, is an expert in assault rifles. But as you think about Leo and how he is and how nijitsu is about the art of surprise, it makes more and more sense.  Always stuck with me even after all these years!
Something that I always found amusing is the fact that Rocksteady and Bebop are in nothing but the original cartoon (and tie in video game). I read that one of the creators hated them but I have also read it's a licensing thing since they didn't create them. Which would explain why when they kind of showed up in the 2012 show they were very different.
You have to stop talking about TMNT on RLM
@ 43:29 to 43:33 Comments like this are why Morgan Freeman will never guest-host a re:View of The Shawshank Redemption with you petulant crackers. Let's keep it tactful, despite the sub numbers, mmkay? Or not I still lol'ed.
I'm surprised they didn't play the worm song over the Shredder revival explanation
I love that 2012 series one of my favorite shows it balances goofy and dark really well.
One of the all time great cinematic masterpieces. Top 5 easily.
Rich laughs like a hungry hamster.
@ 42:02 to 42:48 And THAT, my friends....... is the REAL Secret of the Ooze.
39:38 somebody feed that starving cat
I always thought my friends and I were just immature idiots cause we laughed so hard every time Splinter showed up at that window and said "Coming..." Lol thank you for validating my life
Excellent guest and echoing that my first experience to Turtles was the RPG as well!
Jay just in bland threads what no specific shirt for this?ha!
James Ferman, of the British Board of Film Classification, had a serious hatred of ninjas and nunchucks. The arcade game and TV programme had to be Hero Turtles however the film squeezed through with "Ninja" (due to being in the cinema and not broadcast to everyone) but received cuts due to the weapons. Loads of films with nun-chucks got serious censorship with him in charge, especially ones like Enter the Dragon.
36:00 "And it is so obviously a backdrop"  I mean, now it is. Watching it on my tiny ass TV on VHS? I had no idea.
I think that was my first ever spit-take at Jay talking about the "coming.......to a decision" scene.
The video was just delightful!
The turtles movies were definitely a fun childhood memory, wait, I remember they had a comic book. I wonder what kind of crazy adventures all of the four turtles are up to in current issues of TMNT..... Oh, oh no.
New Hampshire represent
This was fantastic!
around 27:50 I thought Rich was making a stupid joke when he asked Jay if Jim Henson worked on TMNT BEFORE he died.. as apposed to after he died Rich?
I also discovered TMNT through the roleplaying game. I still have the book.
Great episode but how could you review this movie and NOT MENTION THE FOOT LAIR, or the amazing wallet sequence, both blew my mind as a kid
@ 23:02 to 23:20 I once had a He-Man themed birthday party, He-Man cake, He-Man bike, He-Man shirt, He-Man toys, it was great. Then I saw the He-man movie, and I was out. She-Ra had better animation, anyway. Don't judge me. but TMNT, I ALSO had a TMNT themed birthday party, where my moms hid the toys all over the house. I was searching for toys like a month after my birthday. That's how I found my mom's weed stash. Just playin. But the TMNT movie, and, I had never read the comics, just watched the cartoon, but the movie really made me interested in the comics, after I found out they were darker and more violent than the cartoon. Still, those were the best birthdays I ever had. Who am I kidding, I am 40 now, I will never have any birthdays better than the He-Man themed birthday or the TMNT themed birthday. Y'know what? nah, i ain't gonna go out like that. I'm fiddin have a BraZZers-themed birthday party next year. 2023, that sh*t is GOING DOWN.
I love both of the first 2 movies.  First movie caters to the comic and the second movie caters to the cartoon.  I’d say that’s fair.
Super fun review and great to see Freddie Williams back again.
It’s probably more likely that the universe didn’t want to subject your viewers to anything a DC artist had to say...about anything.
I'm so glad y'all are fans of this, I didn't want to harbor the secret for the rest of my life that I fucking love this movie.
I straight up thought the thumbnail was Josh
Oh my God I just realized Freddie is the guy who made the Raphael and Batman meme!!!
The space worms explanation for Shredder is DEFINITELY going to be used for some future TMNT cartoon.
The movie is of course great, but who else has that song about playing right field permanently burned into their brain from the Pizza Hut commercial at the start of the VHS?
I wonder if the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie influenced the direction of the Mario Bros. movie of the same era.
@ 9:46 to 9:57 those animatronics looked like some Dark Crystal sh*t, just great. So satisfying.
That first Turtles movie was so good.
I remember the movie coming out and UK press went apeshit over the word ‘Ninja’ and Nunchucks. 🤦‍♂️
In Europe the word ninja was equaly to assasins so it was banned for children and everything attached to it was seen as garbage or pulp. I think in England it was forbidden to show nunchaku in TV or cinema so they have to change it in whole Europe.
mbappe
Just clicked on this, but, if they don't acknowledge when TMNT went on Oprah to promote their album, I'm out. That whole album on YT that episode of Oprah on YT. If you gonna roast the TMNT movie and not talk about that Oprah episode you failed at that roast.
Is it just me, or does that thumbnail look a lot like Frampt?
It wouldn't take much to edit out those goofy sound effects, or even replace the Title logo with the film poster one. It's a great film regardless.
this is gold
When I was a little kid, I was of course obsessed with TMNT, and I would watch this VHS on repeat. Well, apparently, one day I jumped off my desk at school and drop-kicked a kid while yelling, "Cowabunga!" and my mom took the VHS away from me. Joke's on her, though, when I was 15 and got my first job, I used my very first paycheck to buy TMNT on DVD!
So Rich was first a fan of the Comics... but.. before he found the Comics, he was a big fan of the comics? :D  1:27
Heavy bag, that’s what I’ve always heard it called.
Need! More! Turtles!
A classic, to be sure, and a fun review.  I had no idea about the discarded Michelangelo subplot.  Well, I'm off to update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page.
I wonder if Freddie ever read the TMNT comic where the severed head of the worm Shredder gets eaten by a shark. Which then causes the Shredder to come back briefly as a man/shark/squid abomination.
samurai pizza cats
Go ninja, go ninja, go! - Frank Miller
Love this, you guys. The TMNT being like Daredevil is interesting. I always thought they were a spoof on the X-Men, though. Teenage mutants mentored by an older guy who assembled them to train them to fight bad guys. Not to mention their main villain Shredder is virtually identical to Magneto. Is there part of that as well?
I don't think they filmed a lot of farm stuff, only because where the farm was, was also near an airfield. The turtle costumes would freak out because the airfield radio and radio frequency that moved the turtle's faces were the same, so the turtles would randomly start closing their eyes, and mouths rapidly. It was apparently the most horrifying thing ever.
This is awesome! Also Judith Hoag is super sweet and welcoming to fans
I was pleasantly surprised Freddie Williams brought up the TTRPG book. I love that book, it's SO weird. In first printings, mental status ailments that can be inflicted including making someone gay, straight, schizophrenic, even pedophilic. Suuuper tasteless and they had to change it in subsequent prints.
Jay thought TMNT was ACTUALLY filmed in NYC??? Wow.. I mean a lot of the people/voices were probably from NYC, but every location in the movie was so obviously a set, wasn't it?!?
I thought battletoads was a ninja turtles ripoff too but it turns out it actually predates it by a year or two.
I haven’t seen this movie in forever. Loved it as a kid
TMNT is one of those franchises that makes me wonder at the power of nostalgia. Because as someone who did *not* grow up with it, to watch former 80's kids talk about how much they loved it in their childhood, I'm always struck by the overwhelming ugliness of it--in all its incarnations. It's just so, so incredibly, joy-shrivelingly, fucking ugly. Makes me wonder what kind of late 90's garbage my own brain convinces me is good.
Martial arts were heavily edited and banned in the 80s and 1990s in the UK. Blame the Tories. Blind Boy does an excellent podcast on this.
I came out of this at the theaters a changed 6 year old, I had chickenpox.
I kind of feel like the 1990 Turtles film is sometimes underrated.  One of the first movies based on a comic book property that is fairly faithful and takes itself seriously.
All true, but back in 91, at 8 years of age and as a fan of the cartoon (I knew nothing about the comics), I remember enjoying the second movie way more. The first one had less elements from the TV show, the sequel had at least Razhar and Tokka as a Bebop and Rocksteady stand-in. My stupid little kids-brain was very happy.
Master splinter is sort of tragic since he’s a rat and a rats life span is 2 or 3 years. Turtles have such longer life spans naturally.
Remember that time they all got together to talk about the teenage mutant ninja turtles 1990 live action movie? that was epic...
TMHT is the code for europe TMNT fans. So as far as I remember (I was a kid too) the where some violent attacks with Nunjucks so they had to remove a lot of those things. But then again I was a kid and what do I remember. It was cool :D
I’ll never understand how fans of the first film trash the sequel to this day. Sure it was more lighthearted, more goofy, but all the elements that made the first film great were still presenth to some extent. And we got Tokka, Rahzar, and Ninja Rap!
I’ll never understand how fans of the first film trash the sequel to this day. Sure it was more lighthearted, more goofy, but all the elements that made the first film great were still present to some extent. And we got Tokka, Rahzar, and Ninja Rap!
I loved the batman/tmnt crossover comic. I hate how the movie adapted it
So nice to see Rich talking about something he loves and not Picard 🤣😉.
Freddie continues to be the best guest.
lol Mike is there. Is this after they recorded a BOTW or before?
40:30 also Samurai Pizza Cats
This was the only movie I would read the adapted “novel” of in my life. I remember reading it a few times the summer after watching the movie in theaters
I think the method of Shredder coming back was inspired by Alan Moore's Swamp Thing
I wasn't in their age demographic, but I remember the movie was massively popular when it came out. The ads and merchandise were everywhere. If they hadn't appealed to the children's market (like with too much "hard" violence), I think it would have bombed hard.
I was the only kid I knew who had that  TMNT “What Goes Around.. Comes Around” comic they based the movie on. It felt like I was clued in on something cool other kids didn’t know about, and I took that comic everywhere. I’d show other kids it, and draw from it. When the first movie blew up I thought it was so cool how closely it felt like that comic, and I think what actually signaled my loss of interest in the franchise was seeing that second movie and being really let down by how kiddy and goofy it was.
I just watched this movie with my 8 and 12 year old last week. It still holds up. And is a well made movie. Loved the sets. You feel like you are moving around and out of NYC all movie long. Great flick. Underrated father son movie as well.
What a great interview. Man do I love TMNTs and the first movie.
27:46 - "This is before he died, right?" I know what he ment but this made me laugh 🤣
I grew up on TMNT, the franchise is deeply engrained within my whole family. The comics were a delight for 5-year-old me.
I think Ernie Reyes jr was a turtle! Miss that guy
thankyou for the coming of age in the 90's psychotherapy
Well done! I don't know if it'll ever happen, but it would be great to have a 4K, special features heavy, release of this. Would buy that without question.
Freddie fucking rocks. Always awesome when he's featured.
The first album I was ever gifted was the soundtrack to the first film. I treasured it for a long time.
Hi, I'm just here to point out that it was only in Thatcher's Britain that they were called "heroes". In Italy, and for what I know the rest of Europe, they were ninjas.
8:48 Yooo that crossover was amazing!
Talking about turtles instead of Andor...how embarrassing...
RED LETTER MEDIA CAMEO IN HIGH ON LIFE WAS EPICK ❤️❤️❤️  who's else did find them 😏
My favorite turtles media is the 2003 cartoon  That would be followed by the original film  I loved the OG cartoon as a kid of course but rewatching it It really doesn't hold up as anything other than generic nonsense for kids meant to sell toys lol  I've seen a bit of the other CGI show, it seems like it's pretty decent but I just never got drawn into it  I was probably just too old by that point
ohhhhhh noooooooo.....   you have brought the eye of sauron onto this IP.  Now they are going to remake it again!!!!!
I could listen to y'all talk about Ninja Turtles for hours.
Took me a second to realize that wasn't Josh on the right
I have the sudden urge to update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page and I don't know why
Regarding the "Ninja" vs "Hero" thing in Europe. The main issue was that studios would cater to the countries with the harshest regulations on the European market so that they only had to make one version instead of several for each country. So let's say for example that Germany would rate something as not allowed for children below the age of 7 and everyone else passed it as suitable for all children, they would still adjust it to make it suitable for all children in Germany and everyone would get that version.  But mostly I think it was moms overreacting as usual.  Although in the early 90's in Sweden where I grew up. We would practice roundhouse kicks on each other in school and make throwing stars and sais in shop class so they might not have been completely wrong...
Freddie and I have the same TMNT first-contact story, with the Palladium RPG book! I actually got an adventure module for the game before the core rulebook. The module was basically like the Bruce Lee movie Game of Death, if I remember correctly. I ran the adventure for my friends using the AD&D rules, since I didn't have the TMNT rules.
As I understand it, it was a the British Board of Film Classification that wouldn't allow "Ninja" in the title. I don't know if it was the same for the rest of Europe.
I was so exited to see the movie as a kid.  My older brother took me to the theatre.  The film broke when Raph went to the roof top.  I was so devastated lol
It's not called Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles anymore, it's back to ninja but it was the association with the word ninja and violence at the time.
Here in Germany its called "Hero" not "Ninja" Turtles. Ninjas in the 80/90 was to voilent 😜. Do you remember the Michael Dudikoff Movies "American Ninja"? German Title "American Fighter". Most of the Movies where FSK 18 and Cut the voilent scences. In the UK they banned everything with Nunchaks on TV and VHS. Very hard Times for Kids in some Europe Countrys that want see some voilent Ninja Sh...t 😂 Netherland where very libary, we drove by train to netherland VHS Stores to by uncut Movies Like Peter JAcksons Braindead or Evil Dead or The Romero "... living Dead" Movies. Have to pay round about 100$ for 1 Movie VHS Cassete 😵
Would have been good to hear about how Golden Harvest made this film, Iv never heard much about that...
Funny, Leonardo was my first issue too. I really wanted to get into that series, but it wasn’t very easy to find back then in the days where we had to get most of our comics at 7-11 and a trip to an actual comic store that carried stuff like this was still kinda rare. Usually had to settle for the Archie Comics version since that was more widespread.
The bit where they go out to a country cabin and April sketches them while they deal with their trauma stuck with me as a child. One of them lies in the bath without any water. Bergman could never.
I'll need to do a rewatch of Turtles III and Space Cop to be sure, but, I think Turtles III might be slightly better.
Punchbag, Fartbag, and so on...
When it first came out and before the fame, I had issue 1 in my hands just because I loved the name... and put it back on the shelf. One of many blunders in my life. Great review.
Jim Henson's Storytelling actually got a second life as a comic book series.
I mean, I'll give it to Mike for creating and being the big push, potentially with Jay working with that as well to make what RLM is. But Rich Evans is seriously the prodigy of all of this. The guy just gets it. And he knows fucking everything. Thank you all, but also, thank you Rich "Fuckin" Evans
This was just delightful thank you guys! Freddie is a real nice guest
TMNT was the first franchise I got really into as a kid. I loved the movies and I had TMNT bed sheets and my first bike was themed merchandise. Had a bunch of action figures too. I remember playing the NES game and watching the movies 100 times. For some reason my brilliant child mind combined Casey Jones and the character Fulton Reed from The Mighty Ducks. I guess I thought that was him when he got older or something idk. Maybe a little before or after, but around the same time I was also really into the Power Rangers. So I remember my very early childhood as a blur of being obsessed with those 2 things. I didn't watch the cartoon as far as I can remember though. I haven't seen the movie since I was a kid but looking at the scenes I'm recognizing the locations in Wilmington. I've lived in NC my whole life and my parents have a vacation home near Wilmington so I spent a lot of time around that area.
at first i was like “ugh stop talking about the comics” then after about 3 seconds realized i loved hearing freddy talk about the comics. listening to someone speak about something they genuinely love is always a good time.
Rich's laugh at 2:15 sound almost dubbed in, it's THAT GOOD
The authors must have read about James McConnell's experiments with training planaria to respond to light and then feeding the trained planaria to untrained planaria, which then showed a significant increase in their response to the light.   McConnell, James V. "Memory transfer through cannibalism in planarians." Th. E. McGill (Ed.), Readings in Animal Behavior, New York etc.(Holt, Rinehart and Winston) 1965, pp. 440-446. (1965).
It was called Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles in the UK because the government had it in for violence aimed at children, so Ninja and nunchuks had to be cut from the cartoon. The movie was called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles as is it wasn't on kids tv so didn't have to meet the same requirements.
"You can do worms" I hope Mike tells them to write that as Rich's epitaph.
...as time goes by and there are progressively fewer new films even worth considering, let alone watching: RLM has morphed from a review channel, through parody, to simply trading on the past and the likeability of it's members. Long may the RLM guys find something to do, but it's still a shame.
It was called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in Belgium though. Allthough I probably watched re-runs in the early '90s... Never heard about Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles until now...
Regular or Menthol?
RLM establishing themselves as influencing wikipedia vandalism.  much influencer LOL jk.   From my childhood recollection, I loved the second movie a lot more and thought the first one was "slow and boring".  Then again these are 20 year old memories of a 10 year old kid.   He liked the Super Mario Bros movie.
Deal me in!  This is solitaire.   Fucking dead! 😂😂😂😂 I gotta get me a copy of that Space Cop goodness.
As a longtime fan of TMNT, and having watched this very movie in the theaters upon release (I'm that old), I've never ever noticed that the "Raphael" on the roof of the farmhouse screaming "SPLINTER" was actually Mikey!! Dammit!  Really though, I still love the original movie to this day. One of my cherished childhood memories.
The Red Letter Media guys are such good interviewers. They don't interrupt people too much and always build off what someone just said.
Biker Mice From Mars was my jam as a kid.
I wasn't even thinking about it, when Jay started talking about "I had all the toys, it was the first pop culture phenomenon where I said 'this is my thing...'" I'm sitting here drinking out of a TMNT mug from 1988 that I got as a kid. It's amazing how much the logo has held up after probably ten thousand drinks out of it...
I definitely don’t have a Wikipedia account and definitely didn’t edit Frank Miller is the author of Go Ninja Go
More Freddie more good good.
I really want to know what episode this is now 16:23
We are waiting for the making of featurettes guys at least 6 hours.
21:31 Yeah, Europe really didn't like the term 'Ninja' back then. e.g. NES games: all those that had the word in the title got it changed. So "Ninja Gaiden" was "Shadow Warriors" and "Shadow of the Ninja" became "Blue Shadow", to name a couple.
This is awesome 👏🏼 1990 TMNT movie was my intro and I love as hooked haha including pizza 🍕
Fun fact: in Poland it's been translated to Warrior Ninja Turtles. If it was translated word-by-word it would sound absolutely bonkers... BUT we kept the word "Ninja" ;) at the same time, 90s' in Poland were kind of like 80s' in US...
Enjoyed this review but also very disappointed you guys didn't mention the movie's soundtrack. The closest you got is when Freddie goes "TADA TA" when Jay mentions the title card being the same as the cartoon...just like the visuals the soundtrack is engraved in my brain from watching it as a kid.
In the UK during the 80's I guess the government was worried about a nunchaku and ninja star craze to stop kids going around dressed in black and beating people up kinda like an retro antifa. So they toned down the word Ninja for kids' TV by changing things like Ninja to hero and removed the nunchaku scene from enter the dragon etc but as a kid you could still get a ninja fix by getting ninja magazine
Space Cop comic when?
Eventually people will understand that this is the greatest comic book movie of all time. The Crow is #2.
I first saw this movie on a bus on a school trip.
I remember "SAMURAI PIZZA CATS!"
frank miller's wiki has that he wrote go ninja go, i love memes lol
HE'S BACK HES BACK!!!!!!!!!
the 2003 series hits the best balance of goofy and serious but man that Animation dosen't hold up
Shredder is the good guy in this movie , he gives the poor homeless kids a home , he does teach them how to live and feed them self by taking from the rich , he like a semi messed up robin hood. am i the only one who does see Shredder as the good guy in this flim?
Going to Frank Miller wiki page:  "Teeange"  Come on, at least proofread.
we had ninja in sweden  thank god
Oh I hope this means there is more Freddy content coming. He's super great
Kinda surprised Jay didn't mention Raphael ragging on Critters
Freddie Williams still sporting his Kill Point cosplay
I can't believe Freddie Williams wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze!
Everybody know the best TMNT adaptation is the Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation series. So faithful to the original comics and the gags are so hilarious. This is my favorite series, I can't stop watching it, it's so good, my god, amazing stuff.
Checked the wiki, and Frank Miller is credited as the writer of the Ninja Rap as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze
Kind of amazing Rich thinks Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a versatile concept and Star Wars isn't
the "mikey wears a mask of his own face" thing was not from TV, it was from the movie with patrick stewart as the villain
One of the few RLM videos I could not finish watching - I have NO interest in this stupid subject and it just always seemed retarded to me.
Checked Frank Miller's Wikipedia and it still says he wrote the lyrics to Go Ninja Go 😂
How is Space Worms more laughable than Ninja Turtles?
Always good to see Freddie!
I had no idea that Frank Miller DEFINITELY WROTE the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" TMNT song!
The reason the original comic explanation of splinter imitating his master is so cool to me was explained in the role playing game. Splinter was a genetic mutant, he was super intelligent before the ooze. It gave a rats of NIMH scifi vibe to the silly samurai plots. It was the start of the genre mixing that made the comics so fun.
The best Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles piece of media of all time. Amazing movie, I was blessed as a child to see it.
Will you guys do a re:View on Conan the Barbarian anytime soon? That movie just had a nationwide rescreening in honor of its 40th anniversary.
I'm conflicted. Should I or should I not edit Frank Miller's Wikipedia page to add the fact that he wrote the Ninja Rap for Vanilla Ice?
I was in the Jay camp, a huge fan of the cartoons and toys but never read the comics. My mom took me to see the movie in the theater when it came out and I loved it, had no problem adjusting to the different tone.
Heading to Wiki Be right back
I had forgotten about the hero turtle thing, here in Ireland some stuff did have it changed to hero turtle but I remember everyone knew them as Ninja turtles regardless, I think it was only the initial releases that they changed to hero and then I guess they stopped bothering and showed the original. This is all pretty fuzzy in my mind though so take that with a pinch of salt 😂
I mean Shredder is a Ninja, the martial art that is devoted to deception
25:23 The My Little Pony: Equestria Girls movie does this too
The TMNT tabletop RPG was my introduction to the franchise as well...and if you want an obscure TMNT knock-off check out Samurai Penguin.
In Hungary it's called Tini nindzsa teknőcök. So there is no word for mutant. Don't know why. 🤷‍♂️
Freddie gets major nerd points for bringing up Palladium Games. I have an old copy of Ninjas And Superspies as well as a couple of the Nightbane books which were based heavily on the works of Clive Barker. I even once played a Rifts campaign which combined their entire pen and paper universes.
A question that arose during this video but was never answered:  What happens when you take thos space worms and feed them some _juicy Shaq meat_ ?
Also loved itsreal85’s videos dubbed from the movies. Those wacky n-word turtles
The word "ninja" isn't forbidden for general use, but is considered unsuitable for a kids' cartoon and toys. That's why we also didn't get the Rambo cartoon over here.
As a European i can clarify the "Hero" part. This was only in the United Kingdom. Here in the Netherlands it was still the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  At the time, the British government was on the offensive against violence in children's television, and ninjas and nunchucks were both in the firing line. As such, in spite of the preexisting comic line, it soon became clear that Ninja Turtles wasn't going to be allowed near England's impressionable youth. Thus, the turtles needed to be heroes, not ninjas, and the cartoon theme song lyrics, action figure packaging, and video game box art needed to reflect that.  Since the movie wasn't being screened on children's television, it managed to escape the alterations and keep its original title
“This is where I watched my parents die, Rich Evans”
(21:35), I'm from an Italian-speaking country here, we call them "Le tartarughe ninja", just the same as you, the same goes in Germany and France,  and in Scandinavia as well, I don't know where you got your info on teenage mutant hero turtles!! We leave out the word teenage, usually.
(21:35), I'm from an Italian-speaking country here, we call them "Le tartarughe ninja", just the same as you, the same goes in Germany and France,  and in Scandinavia as well, I don't know where you got your info on teenage mutant hero turtles!! We leave out the word teenage, usually.
Great video, lads! We need more re:Views with Freddie Williams.
This is a great review on a great movie! I saw it in the theater in 1990 too. It's _much_ more dark, gritty, and serious than the new films, which also removed a lot of the violent nature and the serious emotional moments. The cinematography is amazing! It feels like a PG-13 rated movie. As a kid, I really liked it, and I still like it. Even as a kid, I remember those haunting moments, especially with Splinter. This is a great and detailed review! Wow! Great re:View!
i was born in 85... i wanted to watch this movie so bad as a kid but my mum didn't like ninja turtles because of the violence  so in the end i had to watch it late at night while sleeping over a mates house and man was i glad i broke the rules  sure it probably hasn't really aged well but i loved this movie as a kid
I remember after the second guest appearance by Freddie, I was rereading Seven Soldiers of Victory and realized Freddie was one of the artists.
I grew up in Astoria, Oregon, literally right in front of the house the Goonies was filmed in (it's on 38th Street, I lived on 37th directly next door to the Uppertown Market, the store that Chunk was hiding in the ice cream cabinet in). I wish I could say I remember a lot of Goonies but I was too young. I did remember being terrified when I saw gorillas running around. For the longest time I figured it was a false memory until I found out that was, in fact, a deleted scene. I went to the school Kindergarten Cop was filmed in while it was being filmed. I was a third grader and instead of being an extra, I opted out. While my classmates had to wait on buses for their scenes, I got to just wander around and see the movie get shot. It was awesome, even though I never got to meet Arnold Schwarzenegger, I did get to meet Ivan Reitman and lots of the actors. After Kindergarten Cop, Free Willy 1 & 2 were filmed in my neighborhood, a five minute walk away, and I got to be an extra in it, but my scene never got used. Astoria was awesome! You can't imagine being a kid in 1990 and finding out Arnold Schwarzenegger is going to film a movie in YOUR school.  One day, they announced over the intercom at school that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III was going to be filmed in Astoria! This was right at the end of that being the hottest property for kids. It was like "wait, we got Schwarzenegger and now we're getting the Ninja Turtles too?" But, even though Ninja Turtles was filmed in the same area where Benji: The Hunted was filmed, about two miles from my home and you could go watch it be shot, which I did when I was six, you couldn't get anywhere near the set of Turtles 3. It was a really secretive shot. It wasn't even clear the costumes or actors would be there and it wasn't just B-Roll being shot. Then, there was one picture of the Ninja Turtles on the front page of the Daily Astorian, the local newspaper, and all the kids were heartbroken that the movie was being made out in the woods, completely closed off to the public. What a cruel trick it was to play on the local kids. An even crueler trick was how bad the movie was! It stunk, and it felt like karma because they didn't want anyone from the city anywhere near where the Turtles were.
For years I'd only even seen the first two or three minutes of this, because my mother thought we'd walked into the wrong movie and we couldn't convince her otherwise. We ended up watching Driving Miss Daisy instead.
The first movie I ever saw in theaters.
Turtles in Time was a huge part of my childhood, and the best thing about the German TV series of the time was the intro - I'm not sure I watched a lot of it, but I certainly remember that to this day ... super iconic.
The UK got really weird about certain martial arts stuff during the Bruce Lee and such martial arts craze. You'd get kids getting into fights with numb chucks. So of course the dumb ass knee jerk reaction was to ban a lot of seemingly random shit. Numb chucks were one, the word Ninja was another, and throwing stars. As a result you'd get a lot of games where they'd be replaced with kunai, and they'd toss those instead, and that kinda stuck around.
2:25 TMNT was my favourite movie growing up and when I was like 4 or 5 my mother bought me that Raphael in a Space Suit action toy and I'd COMPLETELY forgotten about it for the last 30 or so years only to suddenly remember it in incredible detail now... Isn't human memory incredible?
Poor one out for the people that are going to have to keep fixing Frank Miller's Wikipedia page.
I love it when Elderly people describe the slightly different ways they first heard of Ninja Turtles.
I absolutely agree that the farm scene with Splinter's projection gives me goosebumps simply to remember, much less actually watch.
I love vandalizing Wikipedia
We get more and more lore about Space cop, and it's so much more entertaining than the movie itself
They've always been ninjas in Italy, Le Tartarughe Ninja
Rich's career as an extra is truly something to behold.
Brief bit of information about the "hero" turtles thing: that was the UK.  and yes it was the word ninja and the reason it was seen as problematic was because of the weapons used they were considered to be improvised and easy to get hold of and imitate and so the goverment was worried about gang violence. There's loads of old kung fu movies that are censored for the same reason. Or were at the time.
I'm going to Frank Miller's wikipedia page, can I pick up anything for you guys while I'm out?
I was in first grade when this movie came out and what I remember us kids all thought was the most shocking thing was Raphael swore. He didn't just say damn! He said it so loud the whole city heard it. Blew our 7 year old minds.
1990: the movies out and it's not as great as I remember from the cartoon 1991-2022: this movie sucks 2022: actually the movie has merits 2023-: the greatest and most misunderstood film of all time, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990)
Weird to hear the famous song say, 'ninja turtles.'
Like Jay, I saw the movie as a kid and it was amazing. Nothing what I was expecting, but I loved it in ways I wouldn't understand til much later and I knew a lot more about movie making. Great movie, and great re:View. Kinda surprised noone brought up Turtles Forever from 2009. It was a great little love letter to the cartoon series at the time, and the classic goofy 80s one. And had the comic turtles make a cameo at the end. The little scenes between the serious Utrom Shredder and the 80s Shredder were genuinely hilarious.
Don't be hating on space worms. The current Rich Evans is 70% space worm.
1 million x like
Just rewatched Rich and Freddie’s Avengers toys unboxing video a few days ago and now the latter’s actually back. Funny how the universe works
The way I perceived Splinter's fight scene was just how focused a ninja he was. That he could just stand there in control of himself and his senses and kick Shredder's arse.
Thank god I'm allowed to like this movie
I'll always enjoy the casual murder of Shredder in the first movie. I have a gif of it saved on my phone 🤣
I believe the "Heros" vs "Ninja" debacle is only a thing in England, where they had strict rules concerning Japanese weapons in media in the 80s and 90s (editing them out in most movies). In France they're just called "Les Tortues Ninja" ("The Ninja Turtles") because the original title would be a mouthful.
Wikipedia: Frank Miller is also credited as the writer for the lyrics of the Go Ninja Go rap for the 1991 film [[Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze]], performed by rap artist [[Vanilla Ice]] People keep adding it, and it keeps getting undone. 😂
when space cop re-view?
Mikes voice sounds different. Less drunk.
Go ninja, go ninja, go.
Rich Evans also didn't mention Daredevil was trained by Stick, but the turtles were trained by Splinter.
Tell the internet NOT to do a thing. Yeah. That'll work.
Judith Hoag, I had a crush on her before I realized what crushes were.
Imdb “Frank Miller was brought in to assist with choreography after providing the lyrics to Go Ninja Go for Vanilla Ice hit song used in the film” 😂
TMNT 1990 is a perfect example of a movie that I never want to upgrade in my collection to 4K. I own the DVD and I've even thought once or twice about downgrading to VHS because there's so much character in the grain and grit of pre-HD film that works to the advantage of movies like the 90's Turtles and Episodes 4 - 6 of Star Wars. You loose something when those films are too clear and too cleaned up; too much color correction and lighting. You end up seeing things like when Jay was talking about seeing the stunt performer's face in the Donnie mask at 20:30 because the picture is simply too clear for its own good...
15:28 TMNT 2012  This series was amazing and the doorway for my son into Ninja Turtles. Oh yes the father son bonding over my 80s nostalgic memories re imagined.  The series ran 4 Seasons with a beginning middle and a final end. And the 5th Tales of...final season. S3A was an entire horror tribute season taking place in a "Farmhouse in the woods." W/ Guests R.Englund and Bill Moseley and more   Sean Astin as Raphael * Rob Paulsen as Donatello what more can you ask for.  Ice Cream Kitty.  Great show. 2012. And good thing cuz thanks to my son he's rewatched several episodes of 25,000 times as a little kid did.
Y’all ever see the ghetto ninja turtles?? Funniest shit ever
Dodgy spicy chicken pizza last night lads my ass is like the Japan flag
I think it was Roger Ebert who said that this was “probably the best possible Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movie.” That’s the most perfect way to describe it.
Excuse me, i need to go to Wikipedia real quick
Fine guest! 👌
Rich's laugh is life-giving
I found you guys after watching Demon Wind in the game High On Life. Sat and watched the whole movie in a video game listening to you guys lol
You forgot to mention Samurai Pizza Cats!
The whole Teenage Mutant Hero thing was because the Director of the BBFC (British Board of Film Classification) hated ninjas and nunchucks. Like, almost pathologically despised nunchucks to the point of having them edited out despite the presence of deadlier weapons in the same films,and insisting the Sausages were edited out of TMNT2 because they look like Nunchucks.
That rap song is legend. T,U,R,T,L,E, ..Power.
If you grew up watching the movies like I did, and by that I mean the first two, check out Turtles in the Hood overdub that can be found on here. One of the funniest things I have ever seen
“You’re claustrophobic!” “You wanna fist in the mouth? I’ve never looked at another guy before.”
40:34
Apparently I need to punch the donkey in the balls and watch Space Cop.
Nooooooo, 3 people in a re:View ugh, makes me sick...
Greatest movie of the 90s.
I can't believe Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to Go Ninja Go Ninja Go! 🐢🐢🐀🐢🐢
Would like to see Sam Raimi or James Gunn reboot of gritty r-rated TMNT.
But where was my Biker Mice from Mars movie?!?!?
Awesome to see Freddie Williams & to hear about Palladium Books & the TMNT RPG. I'm running a game online next year. Hit me up if you wanna play.
21:42 - British guy here - the word "Ninja" was being removed in kids' media in the late 80s/early 90s, for the exact reason that Freddie suggested - people saw it as promoting assassins (it may also have been racially coded but that's a can of worms).  It was lifted by the turn of the millennium. I remember watching the 2003 TV series as a kid and they were explicitly the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
I played that role playing game, was massively into D & D at the time AND comic books, Eastman and Laird were fantastic.  Cerberus was another independent comics character that blew up like the Turtles at the time, but that creator got way too cerebral and into his own brain.  I still might have that Turtles book somewhere lol...
Now people need to start asking Frank Miller at conventions and in interviews about his creative process on writing the Ninja Rap. Let's make this happen.
Kevin Eastman clearly had Mary Appelhof advise him on Shredder's revival
And with that, Frank Miller's Wikipedia page was never safe again.
Ugh thank you. Been missing your content
Your guys’ commentary track in high on life was awesome it caught me totally off guard. I was like is that rich evans??  I watched the entire demon wind movie within the game lol
I realize most RLM comment sections are about getting up your own backside with memes. But as a “serious” comment: this might be my favorite RE:View ever, and I’ve been watching RLM content since near the beginning.  Just the insight, behind the scenes knowledge, combined with a playful childhood movie and passion just made this a delight. More than once I burst out laughing. And more than once I felt the same memories about this movie I had as a kid in 1990 when this movie was the biggest thing ever.
I kept waiting for Rich Evans to say, "I love that Shaq meat" when they were talking about the space worms...
Favorite movie of all time and I learned so much more cool trivia from this episode.
People don't know how Big the Ninja Turtles were!! I watched all the shows, had all the action figures, played all the video games & cards! I still have a Michelangelo Pinata I got when I was 5!! I'm 36 nowadays 🐢
I wish they would get away from the kid stuff for one movie and make a dark TMNT film
Not as good as Demon Wind
OMFG!!!! I'm a Turtlehead through and through. And yes I, as well, had the RPG. And and.... I was even the GM!! My older brother and I played D&D, AD&D, Aliens (bro had minis for that one)..... Thank you for taking me back too them good ol' days of my youth.
damn, not to be serious on the comments where we shitpost, but this really is an early xmas gift. Freddie is one of my favorite guests and watching Rich and a literal TMNT artist just shoot the breeze about possibly my favorite franchise is bliss.   also neat, I just got a certified copy of the second issue of the mirage turtle run, and it was shipped out of NC too!
Ghostbusters and Turtles my two favorite things as a kid. Great to see them finally doing the 90's live action movie.
I have "The Jim Henson Hour" on VHS recorded from the tv. Fantastic show
My brother and I were so dumb as kids that we actually liked the 3rd one
Awesome episode. I'm gonna watch it tomorrow!. You know, one of my most beloved memories as a child is not actually mine, it's my mom's: she took me to the watch this movie when I was like four and still couldn't read. The movie was subtitled, so she spent the whole film close to my ear whispering every line.
Peter Laird very much cared about the Ninja Turtles property. He was the reason they didn't use Bebop and Rocksteady in the 2nd movie and he was the show runner for the 2003 series, which did use the Shredder clones and the healing worms.
Hold on. Are you telling me that Capcom stole the stupid resurrected-by-being eaten-by-worms plot? The catalyst for the entire Resident Evil series was retconned into being a revenge plot by the Queen Leech - which was just a concept ripped off from Ninja Turtles - and then they recycled their stolen idea for 7 & 8?
Coming...     to leave a like and comment.
I remember playing the RPG back at Orycon in the 80's.
The part where Splinter said "I'm coming...." almost made me choke to death on water.  XD
Saw one of the ninja turtle suits at the Smithsonian years ago. Also, Jim Henson's work started out as more adult. See 1st episode of SNL.
Yeah here in the UK it got changed and they dropped Ninja for Hero. At the time the UK government were moronic (this happening not that long after the Video Nasty bollocks!) and thought people would watch films with knives or ninchuks and copy the action and go on killing sprees. The Rambo films got knife kills cut out, yes they took away one of the TMNT weapons and replaced it, such a dumb time!
On a cold Canadian winter night, playing Dwarf Fortress on my Steam deck and I see a notice for Red Letter Media on my PC, A Ninja Turtles Re:View you say? Loved This movie as a 8 or 9 year old youngster seeing it at the theater with friends, this video is Perfect timing. Happy Holidays you wonderful hacks, thanks for all the great entertainment and laughs!
Freddie Williams is slowly transforming into Josh
I'm from the UK, so I can weigh in on the Ninja/Hero thing. In the UK rather than the Satanic Panic and PMRC during the 80s we had a parallel hysteria over 'Video Nasties' and the 'Ninja Craze' causing children to become violent and dangerous. There was a reactionary backlash against the media becoming increasingly violent and having adult themes in general which was amplified by the Thatcher government and the press as a convenient scapegoat for lowering standards of living and to justify increasing the police presence throughout the country and the level of violence they were carrying out against the public.  It was effectively banned for any media that featured ninjas to be marketed towards children because any store that would have carried the toys or network that ran ran a program that prominently featured ninjas would have been targeted by pressure groups and any home video releases would have at minimum received a higher age certificate from the BBFC, if not being banned from sale outright due to the certificate being refused. Because of this the property was rebranded Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles and the theme song for the cartoon was dubbed to alter that one word. Certificates are much more strict over here, so it's illegal for anyone under the specified age to be provided a copy of any home video releases or a ticket for a film with a higher certification regardless of whether a parent or guardian accompanies them.
This was such a treat.
I didn't know Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to TMNT2 "Go ninja go".
Just have to say that the worms eating things is also the Alan Moore Swamp thing origin story
I can’t wait to see the behind the scenes making of this episode.
Man, that's crazy. Didn't know Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze.
Coming………………………………..
I want to see someone ask Frank Miller to his face about his experience writing Go Ninja Go.
So, like Mike, Shredder had a worm in his ****?
Am I crazy or is there a gay joke in TMNT?  Mikey says to Casey Jones: "You're a claustrophobic" Casey is upset at the comment and says: "I never even looked at another guy before"
Of curse: "The most famous song featured on the soundtrack was "Ninja Rap" performed by rapper Vanilla Ice, with lyrics written by Frank Miller."
Awesome re:View! I was a fan of both the comic and the cartoon, still have the graphic novels here on my bookshelf. As a kid I loved the soundtrack so much I had it on cassette and CD! But I never knew about the space worms.... lol  There was a frame in the comics of a dumpster below where they were fighting and I had always assumed that when Shredder was knocked off he fell in the dumpster while the grenade fell outside, or vice versa.
It doesn't seem like an odd thing for Jim Henson to have worked on, he specifically didn't want to be known just for making children's media
42:18 Its also funny cause after that i think Leo says "You've been meditating many hours master splinter." Which always sounded like Masturbating to me.
I really thought the very last shot of this episode was going to be Splinter saying "...to a decision" due to the fact at the 44:18 mark they replay the part where he says "Coming..." one last time. I thought they were going to drag it out for the last 3 minutes of the episode to exaggerate the pause even more.
I had that Palladium book. It was my first RPG. Next was Robotech then Ninjas and Superspies. After the Bomb also rocked.. like a blend of them all.
This was my first representation of Ninja Turtles. I still remember the Pizza Hut commercial on the VHS, only to have dominos be the pizza they ordered.  Also fun fact Sally Menke (RIP) the long time editor of Quentin Tarantino movies edited this.
"Frank Miller is also credited as the writer for the lyrics of the Go Ninja Go rap for the 1991 film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze, performed by rap artist Vanilla Ice" -Frank Miller Wikipedia entry
Oh Boy, can't wait to update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page!
Freddy is one of the best guests they have on the show, he's so knowledgeable and i just love listening to his stories
The whole time I couldn't stop thinking about the This is where I watched my parents die Raphael meme
The guy that directed the Ninja Turtles movie also directed the videos for Take On Me and Africa by Toto????
Best line in this movie that I didn't really understand as a little kid: "A Jose Canseco bat?!? Tell me you didn't pay money for this."
42:55 Ah yes, my favorite animals: _Turltes._
As much as I love Fred, bring back the Mac!!!
I feel like I'm going crazy.. I've seen this whole episode already!.. is this a re-upload? has anyone else seen this episode review already? 🔵✨💨
Big ups TMNT RPG!!!
At the time of this comment... Wikipedia indeed states "Frank Miller is also credited as the writer for the lyrics of the Go Ninja Go rap for the 1991 film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze, performed by rap artist Vanilla Ice"
Masterpiece
I would compare the dark visuals to the first Batman-movies, minus the gothic aesthetic! 7:30
After the video ended, i had to look for it on Wikipedia 😂    "...He later lived in the Hell's Kitchen neighborhood of New York City, which was also an influence.[58]  Frank Miller is also credited as the writer for the lyrics of the Go Ninja Go rap for the 1991 film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze, performed by rap artist Vanilla Ice  Daredevil: The Man Without Fear was a five issue miniseries published..."
Can't believe Andor is going past even RLM's radar, now this is some true rebel shiz, you guys just like the Empire not raising any alarm bells haha
IIRC Just preceding the release of TMNT in the UK there had been a number of serious playground injuries (maybe even deaths - it was a long time ago) from kids copying WWE wrestling moves, and there was a whole cultural convention about violence in kid's media. In order to not be drawn in to that conversation, the decision was made to call them Hero rather than Ninja Turtles
Jay must have have been happy when editing in those 8 year old shots and seeing he has literally not aged a bit.
Most people don't know that Frank Miller wrote the lyrics of the Ninja Turtles Rap Song!
"Frank Miller is also credited as the writer for the lyrics of the Go Ninja Go rap for the 1991 film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze, performed by rap artist Vanilla Ice" Wikipedia
I like how Mike was in the background and didn't mention once that Raph is voiced by Quarks Cousin Gaila in Star Trek Deep Space Nine.
In Norway they're just Ninja Turtles.
Mimic'ing his moves from my cage all day over here.
Like Jay, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was the first cultural phenomenon that I really went all in on. I was a huge Turtles fan (l was literally a card-carrying member of the official TMNT fan club). I almost don't want to rewatch this movie now as an adult because I know it will just seem silly and goofy. Maybe not, though. Regardless, I really appreciate this re:View and all the memories it brought back of being 5 years-old.
I grew up on Ninja Turtles. My handle was made when I was like 13 and it is definitely inspired by TMNT. I'm 34 now but I will never change my handle because Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is in my blood.
yo, that space cop sketch
OT: How do you edit a Wikipedia page?
This man drew Batman/ninja turtles?
I liked this vid until you started talking shit
Yay!!! Look at those chairs !
I think ninja weapons were a big scare in Europe, specifically UK, throwing stars, katanas, nun-chucks, si, and many other "ninja weapons" we're banned in high profile legal moves in England
Awesome video as always. Only things I can’t believe weren’t brought up. Sam Rockwell was one of the foot clan, and apparently Skeet Ulrich and Scott Wolf were uncredited members as well. And most surprising to me… a movie with Elias Koteas in a lead role… and Jay doesn’t bring up Cronenbergs Crash?! I’m shocked!
47:43 Meanwhile I'm over here looking at my copy of "Saga of the Swamp Thing"...
RLM made *another* funny
12:48 yo that happened in the 2012 series too.
I had no idea Frank Miller wrote the song in TMNT 2 Secret of the Ooze, Go ninja go ninja go. I might have to go update his wiki
Anyone have the hyperlink to Frank Millars Wikipedia page?
Great episode. I loved the turtles too. Comics, cartoon, and first 2 movies.
40:30 “And Battletoads. I’ll say it.” 😂 it had to be said.
I still remember the 1st time I saw the trailer for TMNT 3 in the theater...It starts out like it's a serious dramatic samurai period piece, like a Kurosawa film...and then the it turns silly as they reveal the Turtles. I've never felt so lied to in my life...Up to that point, anyway. The biggest lie that's ever been told in a movie trailer is the trailer for Pearl Harbor. The way the trailer was cut it looked like it was going to be one of the best movies ever made...and then I saw the movie and...well...we all know how that turned out.
Just played high on life and discovered your guys easter egg in the movie theater. Super cool. watched the whole move, was terrible, had a great time!
No mention of Samurai Pizza Cats? The ultimate TMNT ripoff!
"The soundtrack featured 10 tracks from the film, and music from artists such as Magnificent V11 produced by Troy Duncombe and Mickey Mahoney of Cat and Moose productions Ya Kid K, Cathy Dennis and David Morales, Tribal House and Dan Hartman. The most famous song featured on the soundtrack was "Ninja Rap" performed by rapper Vanilla Ice, with lyrics written by Frank Miller."   Wikipedia did not disappoint.
Woah that thing with the worms... Alan Moore used the same worm study in his seminal reinvention of Swamp Thing for DC in the 80s, in the issue where it was revealed that Swamp Thing was not a human scientist transformed into a plant creature, but a plant that had absorbed the scientist's memories and consciousness. Comics are crazy.
I am from Germany. I think here and in the UK it was called Hero Turtles because back then, a lot of people associated the word ninja with violent, cold blooded murderers. Also the weapons from Michelangelo (nunchucks?!) were totally illegal und not able to buy. But you could buy swords and katanas. Very strange....even for us kids. The movie was also cut over here. I think it were mostly njnchuck-scene which were cutted.
He is the coolest, nicest guy
I always found it interesting how even though saw all three movies as a kid in order basically the month they came out on video, it was always Paige's April from 2 (not from 3 though, she was very forgettable there) that stuck with me rather than Judith's from 1, so much so that I would immediately recognize in the future whenever she would guest spot in a TV show like Person of Interest (which she was fantastic in, BTW).
That stunt actors face in Donnie's mouth is pure nightmare fuel!
I kept waiting for the reveal that the Frank Miller connection ended up being how Freddie got the Batman TMNT crossover gig.
i grew up on the 2003 animated version so that will always be my favourite version
I dont understand bagging on the second movie. have you seen the third movie??
nice
please do labryrinth, i know youd tread so much of the same info, but it really is my favorite movie of all time.
Fun fact: When I was in 4th grade, me and a bunch of my friends got in trouble (me especially because it was my idea? Don't think so, whatever) for playing "Ninja Turtles" on the playground at school. Don't pretend to punch and kick each other kids...
"This is before he died, right?" Oh how I wish Mike was there, just in that moment.
Highest grossing independent film of all time until was dethroned by The Blair Witch Project. Also, the heads in 2 look kind of wonky as well because they were able to get all the animatronics into the heads instead of the heads and shells. Lastly, Judith Hoag is still a total babe and just the nicest. Met her at a con a few years ago as Casey Jones and she couldn’t have been nicer and then went on and on about stories from the set and Elias Koteas. Fantastic lady.
☣☣☢☢
Wikipedia has already been updated.
Frank Miller's Wiki has him credited for "Ninja Rap", good job whoever edited it. LOL
i had no idea Frank Miller wrote the ninja rap lyrics
Jay is a member of the Foot Clan, confirmed. That foot creeping from the bottom of the screen - so subtle, so cinematic!
That face inside Donatello’s mouth is the stuff of nightmares
Rich looks way better heavier.
This where I watched my parents die Rich Evans
It's ironic to me that "the silly stuff" was added for kids. When I was a kid (I'm talking like 5 or 6 years old) I loved the first movie because of it's more mature elements.
I liked TMNT2
Well, carp. I now cannot think about Splinter without also thinking about what he was doing on the rooftop by himself.
THis movie was such a big part pf my life growing up and I was onl 5 when it came out. Just this summer I rewatched it for the first time in years and with my 12 year old step son, and it holds up.  Thanks, Freddie, Rich and Jay for such a great episode today!
Jim Henson:  probably the best export from my state :-)   Better than cotton!
Holy Shit! I'm playing the game High on Life and hear your voices in the movie theater! Greatest unexpected surprise ever in a videogame. Congratulations!
haha the Frank Miller wikipedia page revision history is such a shitshow today.  Well done, lads.
The original cut of the Spanish (form Spain) version has the best line ever recordad. Apparently the voicd-actors thougth that Splinter suggesting the expresion Kawavonga! Was tooo confusing... so instead he says "Siempre me ha gustado la expresión; de p*t* madre" = "I hace always love to say mother f*k*er" . I lost it completely the first time i heard it.
45:30 i’m always more convinced that Rich Evans HAS developed his psychic powers
You can do worms.
42:01
Every Rich flashback just reinforces how great he’s looking nowadays, good for him. At this point he’s competing with Jay’s beard as far as character growth
My guess is the turtles guys had just read Alan Moore's Swamp Thing. In the book they discussed how worms could eat one other and obtain their knowledge. Because in the comics, Swamp Thing is a plant that thinks it's Alec Holland.
my clearest memory with this movie was being sat down to watch it at home while my youngest brother was being born, i do remember it being very gritty and weird feeling to 6yr old me
So Frank Miller's Wiki page does have the statement, "Perhaps his greatest credit is writing the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" featured in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II."
I love the first movie. "Menthol or Regular?"
The 03 series did a lot to reference those comics from what I'm seeing.
So with regards to the space worms that take on the genetics of shredder explaining his return...It reminds me of what Alan Moore did with Swamp Thing in his version from the 1980s. Instead of Alec Holland becoming swamp thing, Alan Moore changed the story by Alec running into the swamp after the explosion, but Dr Woodrue studying his body explains he actually died and the swamp absorbs the genetics and conscious of him similar to how planarian worms can eat chopped up worms that have solved a maze, and by eating them learn the maze as well. The timing seems about right and seems like it might have been the inspiration of this explanation.
I think this is my favorite Re:View they’ve ever done because I have such fond memories of this movie.
I'll admit it, I've been in denial about #3 for a long time. Though I haven't seen it in 25 years so was just going off of little babby Endocrom's memories that it was good.
"Do you have Battle Toads?"  *click*
Freddie and Rich need to do a TMNT series.
Beetleborgs, funny enough, was actually an example of a company ripping itself off, as Saban made both that and Power Rangers, and both were originally made from Japanese series by the same company Toei. Beetleborg’s counterpart, Juukou B-Fighter, is actually the 4th to last installment of a long running franchise that was actually part of the inspiration for the design for Robocop.
that's just josh.
TMNT has nothing on horse ninja.  I'm just waiting for RLM to buy the rights to it and make a movie on it.
I just got back from editing Frank Miller's wikipedia page.  But roughly 4,000 people beat me to it.
Judith Hoag thought that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles was a horror film at first. She actually stated that she abandoned the April O'Neil role because the producers weren't treating the stuntmen on the set right as they were flown in from Hong Kong without Union protections and they would be instantly replaced as soon as they were injured.
Some of my favorite people talking about one of my all-time favorite movies, both from a nostalgic point of view and just in general. I too watch this movie a loooot when I need something in the background I've seen a hundred times!
Saw this in theaters as a ten year old and it blew my mind
SWATKATZ is a show that's RIPE for a reboot. Two cats live in a junk yard and own a fighter jet and they like, solve crimes and you know the kind of shit you solve when your gimmick is a fighter jet.
saw it at the mill road theaters
the 5 year old me from years past would like to chime in and say, big bad beattleborgs and power rangers were both run by Saban Entertainment so... no loss there... fun fact, Saban helped with the dubs for DBZ and Inspector Gadget...
Mkay now I have to watch these in their HD formats cuz all I have are the VHS and hooooly crap you can really see the oopsies even more in HD 🤣. This was great!!! LOVE! And just a few years later Judith Hoag that played April O'Neil would go on to be the mom in Disney's Halloweentown.
I haven't watched this yet, but I'm so psyched for it. I recently watched TMNT with some people who've not seen it since childhood like myself, and some who never saw it, and while the humor is often silly and maybe a bit unappealing to me as an adult, the film itself is surprisingly beautiful in its craft, tone, pacing and direction. With fantastic fight scenes, great effects, a surprisingly prescient and lasting story, and moments that have stuck with me into adulthood. Strangely, of all the ninja films I've seen since, it's the one that felt the most like a mysterious force living among us, that vision of ninjas that were in popular culture.   It presented gangs in a sympathetic and somehow more realistic light than so many films around it, other than like, say, Suburbia. Where they are not a bunch of vile people, but generally alright people trying to find a purpose and life and community. And bizarrely still an important lesson about how to navigate life for many in the online space, as gangs are very real, just most have become somewhat abusive online micro-communities that similarly use and abuse people.  Also, the musical queues, the scenes, the lost sai, the recovery of their wounds in the country, Raphael's 'DAAAAAAAMN' they stick with me as deeply emotionally impactful than anything in any other film. It's a shame its sequel was so much less than this one.
so we gonna get a Reboot of TMNT , dark and Gritty in new DCU??
Whoa, I didn't know Shredder was from Worm Odyssey
Why do I have the sudden urge to update frank millers Wikipedia page to include her fact that he wrote the lyrics to the “ninja rap” song?
The 80's were worse, when it came to protests about violence in cartoons. That was a time, when certain groups would have mock burials of Transformers & GI Joe toys, to protest the violent themes. Also, there were requirements that shows that might be potentially of interest to & viewed by kids were required to have a certain percentage of educational content. Cartoons AUTOMATICALLY fit this category. This was the reason that many cartoons had PSA's at the end, which Fensler made so popular - years later. I think, by the 90's,  those policies were on the way out.
This movie still holds up even this very day. This is one of the last movie that i saw with my sister  30 plus years ago . Before we grew up.Those Michael Bay movies can't even hold a candlestick to this first movie.
I never knew Frank Miller wrote the Ninja Rap from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II
The worms kind of sounds like a gu jar, honestly. Except for the space part.
You joke about salami/sausage being used instead of proper martial arts weapons - but long before TMNT the British series _The Goodies_ rediscovered an ancient Lancashire martial art known as "Ecky-Thump" which involved the use of such meatsticks.
No beverages? Yall broke ground
I give this re:Vview a: 9 No....     9.95 TURLER POWER! ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
"Some asshole ripped open the collected pack of em", that is such obvious timeline manipulation by a far future RLM fan
I really like it when they have Freddie Prinze Jr on this show! He's a great guest!
Are the Ninja Turtles considered super heroes?
Freddie's (not) Dead!
Man. Seeing Freddie in studio and knowing he's probably gonna be in the next BOTW is like seeing your parents come home from the mall 2 weeks before Christmas and sneaking an Xbox into the closet.
Great review. Sad they didn't talk about the crane shot that introduced Shredder and its use of shadow. Plus the music in that scene and throughout the movie kicks so much ass.
I dooed it.
Those masks in 3 looked pretty terrible
Freddie!!!
The 2012 Turtles on Nickelodeon was fantastic. They covered a lot of the zany stuff from the comics, like Shredder and the worms I believe, and actually pulled it off. I smoked weed back then, and getting high and watching that series was pure bliss. This is coming from someone who was rabid for anything TMNT back in the 80s.
God. The '03 show was so good
For the algorithm
Forgiveness is divine, but never pay full price for late pizza.
Frank Miller's Robocop vs Terminator is the fuckin' ultimate.
Josh looks weird this episode 🤔
This movie is so sincere.
Did Josh get hair plugs?
I've waited so long for this day. This movie doesn't get the credit it deserves.
the way you say rafael in english is so funny
Is it wrong that I've already rewatched this 3 times?
5 hours since this video went live and there have been more than 2 dozen edits to Frank Miller's wikipedia page.
Samurai Pizza Cats.
That best of the worst episode with Freddie is one of my favorites, and i also love Mike's joke about Frank Miller having written the lyrics to the Go Ninja Go song
I just want to see a new live-action TMNT with the same kind of practical suits and gritty tone either as a movie, or streaming series.
*cough* Cerebus *cough*
Best beard ever Freddy glad you're back
I read Freddie William’s TMNT/Batman stuff entirely because of his appearance on BoTW, stoked to see he’s back!
Glad Jay and Freddie got Rich Evans to come
Freddie is such a cool chill guy.    Hopefully they filmed a new BOTW...
Release the Snyder cut
I WANT THOSE SPACE WORMS!
I remember the 3 adjectives and an animal craze
Freddie drew the comic where Batman says "this is where I watched my parents die Raphael"
I’ve always loved the basic principles of the ninja turtles...winning formula whether as Republic Commando, or Halo Reach, or the many other squads inspired directly or indirectly
I know TMNT has been on Netflix / Prime, but I just can't watch it when it doesn't start with the "right field" Pizza Hut ad.  Some of you know EXACTLY what I'm talking about.
Oddly, aside from the NES game, I was never a Turtles fan.
Checking Wikipedia ...
The Farm scene makes me cry every time man. What a movie.
WOOOOOO!
The word "ninja" would have gotten them a C18 rating in the UK, I think.  Some dumb video nasties bs
"It is grim, it is violent."  Not as grim and violent as those coffee ads Jim Henson did in the '50s, where the pitch was routinely "buy this coffee or Kermit the Frog will kill you."  Also not as grim as the series finale of _Dinosaurs._
Bout time to shave it Rich that shit is starting back in 1991
Sure enough, wikipedia does say that right now
What, no mention of the Preteen Dirty Gene Kung Fu Kangaroos or Adolescent Radioactive Black Belt Hamsters???    Met Kevin Eastman at a signing at the Comic Book Art Museum in Northampton, MA in like '98 or '99 (RIP)- great friggin dude.  Still looking forward to a faithful to the comic (R rated) film adaptation.  Keep up the good, and cheers guys!  Have a holidays!
More importantly, the movie didn't end with" Hey. DUDE!
Rich needs a stylist
Had to double take when I saw that title. Never expected you guys to cover this one.
Funny enough, on the VHS has a pizza hut ad. Then in the movie is Dominos
release the eastman cut
You’re telling me this is the man responsible for the exchange Batman: ”this is where I watched my parents die Raphael” Raphael: ”Calabummer”
Welcome back Freddie! I watch the RotLD episode yearly 😂
I was 14 when this movie was released and I was a pretty big fan of the TMNT cartoon, but for some reason I didn't see the movie...and 30+ years later I still haven't seen the movie. I want to, but I've not yet gotten around to it.  The one guy mentions the RPG...my friends and I played it a handful of times in high school.
I watched this movie as a 6th grader with friends and we were doing karate chops on the way home
That’s not Mike in makeup?
its on HBO max right now.  go watch it!
How dare you make me remember Warriors of Virtue
Still love this movie! It’s dark, deep, and the occasional humor balances it all well. Still holds up great today.
The guys who were in the suits came to my elementary school for some special assembly in the 90's. It was mind-blowing to us.
loved this movie as a kid & still love it to this day. ill re-watch it every few years. im in the boat that thinks it does have that perfect balance of serious & silly. also of course, i absolutely adore the puppets
The thing about the hero vs ninja is that back then and to an extent today, the USA are much more progressive about violence in media. In Europe and the UK or Australia we do not just discuss if something is bad, we keep up the old tradition of governmental censorship.  On the other hand we got more boobs, while this is seen slightly more puritanical in the US.  It is all smaller with the internet around, and there were ways around the law back then, but just look at Mortal Kombat or the many 80s style action movies.
Where Mike???? I miss him :(
Disappointed to report that as of yet nobody has updated Frank Miller's Wikipedia page to include the fact that he wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song, as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze.  I'd do it myself, but I'm not a guy who's not lazy.
Hands down this is the best re:view yous have done. Freddie is class and Jay reminiscing almost my own memories of the time was super nostalgic.  Do more with Freddie and Mack, everyone loves Mike etc but it's great to change it up a bit, certainly if it's on a more regular basis
This has been my favorite movie since my dad took my sister and I to see it in 1990. Great episode.
Oh shit I love his space cop sketch
The heavy bag 🥊
Can you tell Jay to keep his RIDICULOUS CLOWN SHOE out of the shot hes not even in? Bunch of amateur hack frauds.
My father worked for Konami/Ultra when they made the TMNT games.  They started developing based on the comics with the understanding there would be a kids TV show.  When they heard the cartoon studio had introduced the rainbow headbands it was like "Too late for the boxes, but we can probably squeeze it into the game."
The late comedian Gallagher claimed he was instrumental in getting this Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie made, and then not given credit for it.  Either this movie or the 2003 cartoon made by "4Kids" (and aired on Fox) were the best adaptations. After this, Peter Laird sold the franchise to Viacom (Kevin Eastman having already sold his shares to Laird), and it's been downhill from there.  When you guys were talking about how the Henson puppets gave the Turtles slightly different shaped faces... Michael Bay/Platinum Dunes were nowhere near as talented and covered all the Turtles with crap (and made them look like Shrek for some reason). "Donatello's a nerd, so he'll wear glasses!"  Regarding Wikipedia, I saw an interview with Kevin Eastman where he talked about how they had his birthplace incorrectly listed as some town he'd never been to, but when he tried to change it the Wikipedia admins wouldn't let him! When I went to his Wikipedia page to see if it had been fixed since the interview (I think it had been), I looked at the "discussion" tab, and some a*holes were suggesting that Eastman's page should be deleted because he's "not notable". They were actually saying that the co-creator of the TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES was not notable!
Bro lol that thumbnail is ridiculous. Fuckin Leonardo needs some lotion
I think Steve Barron is underrated as a director. If you think about what 80s music videos looked like, you're thinking of a Steve Barron video.
Jay is overwhelmed cuz he is not the trivia guy today.
One of my favorite movies!!!
I've never heard of Freddie Williams (not a comic dude) but this guy is so good natured. Very funny and you can tell he really loves what he does.
Oh man. "Coming... To a decision!" I have never seen any of the sequels so I had no idea that existed. That is amazing.
they used the twin peaks font in the thumbnail as a tribute to Angelo Badalamenti
I loved this movie so much because its kind of a movie for kids but they are like, we aren't going to treat you like kids.  The movie has powerful themes and moments.  Its a great mix of fun and high stakes.  There was a lot of love for the source material in the making of the movie.
The Streisand effect is real. BRB…going to Wikipedia
The A-ha take on me video has more character development and plot in 3 mins than modern movies can manage in 2.5 hours
Fascinating video since I never been a fan of the animated, comic or movies. I have seen all (??) live action movies though. Hearing the lore and history is fun.  As an european, I have to confirm that nija was changed to hero due to the fact (according to the censorship) it was "to violent to call it ninja." <--- remembering from the top of my head now as watching this video on this webzone. The word ninja and the meaning of it comes way way back from 11th to 14 century Japanese theatre called  Sarugaku (Monkey music) wich was a predecessor of modern day circus. As it grow/developed it become ninja - as in the martial art was theatrical. However the word ninja is a word for those whom mastered the martial art ninjitsu or master of an craft of field/activity - in this specific case; master of the craft of martial art.
Really liked seeing the comics issues and art.
worst re:view?
Good edit, Jay. Good edit.
Middle-aged Buddha Beetles 😂
Made the Wikipedia edit you guys repeatedly suggested, and even managed a screenshot before it was immediately deleted.
Who was your favourite turtle and why ?.
I'm glad to learn that Kevin Eastman was a big fan of Wormania back in the day.
OH FUCK PLS TELL ME THERES ANOTHER SELECTION SERIES
make a space cop animated series
In the Japanese comic Blade of the Immortal, the main character is brought back to life over and over again by the worms infesting his body. Definitely inspired by Shredder.
24:48 This is why it was such a huge thing for Raul Julia -- who had previously played, amongst others, Gomez Addams -- to accept the role of M. Bison in that Street Fighter movie.  It was essentially a kid telling someone influential what was "cool". It's too bad the rest of the movie kinda sucked. _"Quick, change the channel!"_
Very cool to see my favorite guest, Dick the Birthday boy from the Ellen Show.
twas a turtle kid ; ).  I still vividly remember the trailer for the  first TMNT in the theater and I lost my shit.
Why does Mike look different? 🤔
bruh yeah
If you could remove TMNT from Turtlemania, the cartoon, the video games, and imagine if this movie just came out on its own, it feels more like an early Guillermo del Toro film or something than a kids movie.
Aaaaahh such a great day! I was watching the Argentina's victory when all of the sudden I received the notification of this video. Beautiful day 💙
I am a fully grown 41 year old adult, and only 2 movies bring tears to my eyes EVERY TIME I watch them: The 1990's TMNT movie and Short Circuit 2.
It's not parents that complain about violence in kid's comics and cartoons. It's moms that complain.
Frank Miller may not have written "Go Ninja, Go" but he does dance around his home naked singing it quite often. It's how he gets pumped for his writing sessions. True story.
I’m sorry I updated the Wikipedia I couldn’t stop myself
Please do not update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page to include the fact that he wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze.   Freddie was just joking. Please do not do this.
If you want to see pure tmnt cringe, search youtube for biggest tmnt fan.
TMNT 1990 was was an unintended MASTERPIECE that was actually drafted to be a bit bigger production, but was cut due to budgeting.  In any case, what we got what EPIC.  At 6, obsessed w/ the cartoon, the theater experience felt like a massive birthday party, and felt like all the kids in the theater knew each other, best experience ever.  No theater experience has ever matched that for me.
This was the first movie I ever saw in a theater when I was 5 years old. It was such a great experience, I was so young to even know I was watching a master piece
So many back and forth edits on Frank Millers wikipedia page right now. I wonder where that came from.
NERDS! … I was a first year University student, who would watch the kid’s cartoon at lunch break on Res. Vice-president of the Uni’s Roleplaying club. Et al, et al. I was more into The Tick than I was the turtles. Pyjama cops always lended themselves towards more overt parody. Also, while you were reading this, I shaped your car into an ashtray as a present. Merry Christmas everyone!
RLM is always the highlight of my day. I really need a new hobby.
You hack frauds forgot to mention Feldman as the voice of Donatello and the stunt work of Ernie Reyes Jr.
Wait! You forgot Adolescent Radioactive Black Belt Hamsters and Pre-Teen Dirty-Gene Kung-Fu Kangaroos!!! I have comics of both of these fine series, am I'm shocked they never achieved the same success as the turtles.
Remember when RLM reviewed interesting blockbusters movies of current times? I miss those days....but alas, all good things...
Freddie!!! Fantastic guest as usual
I am fucking loving these guys' vernacular. I heard Jay use the word rescind the other day in a recent video. Gesticulate and delineation, chef's kisses all around.
As a kid, into the cartoons, REALLY loved the movie. But omg totally missed the face inside Donatello's mouth until now and, yeah, disturbing 😳😵😆
BRB going to Wikipedia.  No reason.
I just checked Frank Miller's Wiki page and it does indeed say he wrote the lyrics to "Ninja Rap." A poetic lyricist for sure.
I remember being a wee kiddo pretending to kick my friends in the face when the turtles were all the rage. I have fond memories of crowding around an open manhole where some maintenance guy was doing whatever his job was. One of my friends called down asking him what was down there and we heard him say: "Turtles!" Gasp! "What are they doing?!" "Eating pizza!" Ha ha, bless that guy.
I know it got a lot of flak for being quite different from other iterations but I encourage everyone to check out Rise of the TMNT and its movie that came out in August! Yes it often leans into the goofier side but the writing is strong and when it gets serious it's fantastic (the movie especially gets pretty dark). Plus the animation & choreography is so amazing it's worth checking out just for that. I think with an open mind most fans of TMNT or animation in general would love it.
Should talk about the new comic that came out a year or so ago. That shit is dark!
Coming
"You can do worms!" - Rich Evans
This is one of the movies that made me want to make movies. To this day I can quote this entire movie start to finish and I am still a huge fan of the Turtles. It’s so great to hear you guys talk about it and I love even more that Freddie was here to give some stories of Kevin Eastman (ps I still have an action figure of the four armed Shredder that I had as a child)
Well played to whoever went and updated Frank Millers Wikipedia again. We salute you 🫡
Shout out to the TMNT RPG! My aged and yellowed copy stands proudly on my shelf!
<checks frank millers wikipedia page> <sees a recommendation to lock down the page due to ninja rap edits> 😆
Holy crap I use to work for the Company that made Turtle Power (the documentary shown with Kevin Eastman) crazy! So cool to see it randomly here. 8:58
44:18 So that's the Secret of the Ooze.
Am I the only one that remembers the third movie?
Good to see that Ninja 3 spinning doll clip is still kicking around.
The nunchuck issue in the UK was down to a do-gooder called Mary Whitehouse. She was the face of a censorship group who were responsible for the classifying of all the good movies from back in the day as Video Nasties. This led to a whole bunch of early horror being banned for quite a while, aswell as the removal of the use of nunchucks from a few pictures. Such as TMNT and Enter the Dragon.
One of my favourite movies!
Great re:view guys this movie is a childhood classic
I love Space Cop btw... any continuation of your content is loved by real fans
2:17 oh my god, I owned that rpg. I recently found a list of potential band names for a band I formed in college and realized I scrawled it on the back of scrap paper made from an old TMNT role-playing game character I made when I was in high school.
Cumming ! 🎉
Nothing was more bad-ass and frightening than seeing Shredder for the first time in this film when I was a kid. He’s still fucking bad-ass 🤘🏻
Don't laugh at the worms, Alan Moore used that in his classic Swamp Thing story, "The Anatomy Lesson".
I can't believe they didn't bring up the coolest club house in movie history scene. I'm an old man now and still jealous of those kids lol.
Great analysis and review.. but I wonder why you never mentioned how good the set up.. especially the opening introduction scene works for this movie.. it does a great job of exposition and world set up… Sam Rockwell anybody?
There's a number of things I like about this specific Re:View...  1) Rich's joy at a franchise he loves. 2) Jay's familiar/knowledgable, yet, emotionally distanced POV. 3) Freddie's knowledge of/anticdotes related to his TMNT work.  Just a fun episode.
I've never heard of The Storyteller, it looks awesome
Guys, Europe is not a country. I'm from Spain and in here they were always "Las tortugas ninja", meaning The Ninja Turtles. I've never heard about The Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles in my life.
Freddie rockin' the M65 style jacket
20:38 well i'm not sleeping tonight
That is probably the only time Jay is wrong about someone's filmography. It's Steve Barron's second feature, his first is Electric Dreams from 1984.
I would have loved to have seen what the Jim Henson Creature Shop would have done with those worms forming into Shredder.
As of right now, Frank Miller's Wikipedia entry states, "In 1991, Frank Miller also wrote the lyrics for Vanilla Ice’s famous rap “Go Ninja Go” in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze."
Go Turtles
I wish I could take credit for the observation but I appreciated it: Someone noted all the turtles are given weapons antithetical to their personalities. Sais are basically really close-in defensive weapons, and they were given to Raphael, the most aggressive of the turtles. Michelangelo is the most carefree and lackadaisical, so he was given the nunchuks, which will hurt the user if they're not used carefully. Donatello is the tech nerd who loves complication, so he gets a wooden stick and made to work with simplicity. And Leonardo is a good guy and most moral/heroic of the bunch, so he was given swords to make him have to use lethal force because sometimes it's what you need.   I have no idea if that was intentional writing or not but it makes Splinter come out looking like a genius to make them all have to grow and develop their character and round them out. And ever since it was pointed out to me I notice it in Turtles media.
Please do The Edge with Anthony Hopkins and Alec Baldwin
if someone can sit and say with a straight face that the 2nd movie wasnt terrible, I can finally believe that theres someone out there that liked Major League 2, and that just doesnt sit well with me
where is Mike to point out that those Space Worms are similar to an alien in an episode of Star Trek Enterprise used to create a clone of the chief engineer Charles "Trip" Tucker.
I showed my nephew the first movie some time ago and was really pleased by how much he liked it. We watched the sequels afterward and I made the horrible mistake of showing him the third. That's the only one he wants to watch now, on account of the samurai and whatnot, so we don't watch the ninja turtles anymore.
LETS GO FREDDIE IS BACK BABY!
well... off to wikipedia i guess
Holy shit!  I thought I was the only person that was introduced to TMNT through the Palladium RPG.!
The last time I moved I had to cull a lot of the crap I accumulated over the years. TNMT and all the other Palladium RPGs didn't make the cut. I did keep HOL so that's says something.
I hope Orsen Wells will become as well known in his acting talents as Rich Evans.
A bunch of parents complained that the first film was too dark so the studio made the second one way more kiddish.
awesome episode!
"JoAnne Menke was Quentin Tarantino's editor before she died." Jay "Jim Henson did it before he died?" Rich  Thank God they clarified that they worked on these projects before they died, although it would have been more impressive if they had worked on them after death.
Freddie is an awesome guest... This was a very interesting episode... Dig how these guys include the comics and animated series... You can tell Rich and Freddie are TMNT fans
Freddie has such a great energy about him! Loved seeing him again, I hope you made him suffer through another Best of the Worst while he was there! :)
Maybe Tarantino’s final film could be his take on TMNT
I don't know what it is. This video makes me uncomfortable.
Over 1000 comments and there’s not one about the iconic Pizza Hut commercial that was on the VHS to this movie
They broke old ground
Every Christmas my parents remind me how many stickers there were on the Technodrome toy I got as a kid. It's always unprompted.
I’ve been on a TMNT binge over the last few weeks, this is perfect timing.
IDW's 1-100 is the best TMNT. Worth a read if you like TMNT.
The 2012 cartoon is honestly to me the best interpretation of the characters. Especially the rivalry between Shredder and Splinter.
I gotta go to wikipedia...
I think the "Hero" thing was mainly in the UK where the BBC thought Ninjas were too murderous for kids.
These movies were what the Big Kids watched when I was little.  There's something really unique about this era of live-action movies, with dark lighting and rubber puppets.  At the time it felt very mysterious and a little bit frightening.
Hahaha... Yeah, looked up frank miller on wikipedia and sure enough :D Frank Miller is also known for writing "Ninja Rap" By Vanilla Ice
Very good
Little known fact: Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to "Go Nijna, Go" for the second Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie.
Fun fact: Frank Miller didn't write the lyrics for Go Ninja Go. In fact it was Elvis Presley right after he was done with his first ever tour in Okinawa.
That was fun!
my face when jay forgets steve bannon made electric dreams! (awesome director btw, did coneheads and the beautiful "Merlin" mini series back in the late 90s)
*TMNT:* Loved it as a kid, holds up as an adult. *TMNT2:* Loved it as a kid, cringe looking back as an adult. *TMNT3:* Even as a kid I hated it.
When you look at movies like this and The Dark Crystal, seeing how well Jim Henson's talent translated into more mature settings... it's heartbreaking to think of what he could have given us with more time.
So happy Freddie, Rich and Jay are on this one. Love the hair Jay 🤣
This video is great, really got me in the mood to change Frank Millers wikipedia page to say he wrote the "Go ninja go ninja go" song from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2 The secret of the ooze
My friend and I used to play ninjas because of these movies. I had two Phillips screwdrivers for sai A meter stick for a bow staff Two golf clubs for katana And this thing I made out of duct tape  and cardboard and a piece of basketball net  Anyway my friend Josh asked if he could use the (sai)  And I was going through a Donatello phase so I used the meter stick. He swung the screwdrivers at me and it broke through the meter stick and stabbed me in the hand.  I then got made and I hit him in the face with one of the broken sides of the meter stick.  Since it was broken it was sharp and it actually cut him up pretty good. Needless to say tmnt was banned for a bit after that
you forget, it gets dumber, after they kill shredder a second time, his decapitated gets eaten by a shark and somehow that shark now carries the genetic makup of shredder making him shark shredder. no, I'm not making it up.
This was a "slapper" as the kids say these days
Its a good thing they put the trademark on the title card cuz apparently george romero lost the rights to night of the living dead for not having the trademark in the title
Legitimately surprised that neither Jay nor Rich make any mention of the "riveting" performance by a young Sam Rockwell as "Young Thug"...or any Corey Feldman jokes.
Hey I have the same jacket Freddie is wearing
Space worms bringing Shredder back to life is just the tip of the iceberg. Heck, even the Archie comics got weird. They had a character named Cudley the Cowlick, a giant, disembodied cow head who would carry the turtles to different planets in his mouth.
🎶 I've got a space worm in my ****🎶 🎶 I've got a space worm in my ****🎶
23:04 Same, Jay! My first pop culture love was the Ninja Turtles.
This was one of my favorite VHS jams when I was a kid
First movie I ever saw in the movie theatre I was 5 I still remember it to this day Was very special This movie is the best
...Pre watching video...if they don't like this movie I will lose it!....or at least be mildly disappointed.
I like turtles
Another TMNT 2 sly adult bit that always made me giggle was Mikey in the opening fight  "You want a pickle? I'll give you a pickle!"
The style is the same as Howard the Duck… I'm glad they gave it a second shot — great look & tone.
This episode was excellent. Also, I watched the VHS of this movie every single day as a child.
It's always been weird to me that the first Avengers film is officially called "Marvel's The Avengers." (Re: copyright mark)
How do you not mention that Shredder intro from the first movie? It is God tier cinematography. No special effects. Just light, shadow and one bad ass mother f**ker.
The transformers the movie had the copyright symbol on it.
"Leo gets the shit beat out of him by the foot clan" shit man...getting PTSD flashbacks to when a raccoon attacked my turtle at night. It was fucking awful. He died the next day. That was a turtle I had because of my love for the ninja turtles. Rats may be friends with turtles, but raccoons are not. Fuck raccoons
I always wonder, in any version of TMNT, how/where did they get the weapons?
Andy taught me, if you pause when Donatello laughs, at the scene where he and April enter the bathroom at April's farm house, "it's a Kodak moment" when Donatello laughs, you can see the jaws of the actor inside the Donatello head - like some alien shit.
TMNT neeeds to gooo RRR rated
Fond memories of being taken to see the OG TMNT movie with my older bro back in the day... Good stuff, good stuff.
The actor who was Lu Kang in the Mortal Kombat games was in the Raphael suit.
Sausages as nunchaku is probably down to Executive Producer Raymond Chow. Aficionados of Hong Kong cinema will be reminded of a comparable scene in The Private Eyes (1976) which was produced by the very same Raymond Chow
What jacket is freddie williams wearing? Looks dope
I'm a little too young to have seen the first movie in theaters or to have been a big fan of the cartoon mostly because i was an infant when it was at its peak. I also remember being confused by the NES cover art with the red headbands. But nowadays the first movie is a yearly watch for me just because it's so good.
My parents had to hide the VHS of TMNT from me as a kid.
space cop is a great movie and everyone i show it to loves it so there
The CGI end fight on the second Michael Bay reboot film was so fake looking it stopped feeling like a live-action film and more like an animated film. Also, all the fast cuts made me feel sick.
16:18 Was Freddie taking about the 2007 movie when Mike puts on a turtle mascot costume for kids birthday parties? I don't recall anything from 2012 doing that. Unless he mistook the 2012 Mikey joke when he suddenly imagines the 1987 face as a meta gag.
4hrs and nobody has changed Frank's Miller wikipedia, please don't do it before i forget to check it out again
Welp, I'm off to edit Wikipedia.
Clerks re:view soon please. Even if it means you tear into Kevin smith just give the movie some love it so iconic.
Amazing show guys!  Loved the turtles as a kid.  Still do.  This was a special episode of Re;View!
Rich Evans : this is before he died right?  No it was a year and a half after he died.
I'll still watch but, this adaptation was absolutely perfect from top to bottom.
9 year-old me was a huge Ninja Turtles cartoon fan, so this was the best summer ever. But I was pissed that April wasn't hot.
Don't update Frank Miller's page to credit him with the writing the lyrics for "Ninja Rap"... because it was really written by Alan Moore.
Funny, I noticed Frank Miller is not credited with Go Ninja Go on his Wikipedia page.
They laugh about the worms but then I remembered that worms are important in 2012 since they made the mutagen. They also appeared in 2003 when Ch'rell Utrom Shredder is recovering from his wounds. Apparently, the worms were nursing him while he was in a healing tank.
27:46 of course it was before he died he worked on it lmao
Proud of Jay for pushing through his ninja turtles-related trauma after the infamous "Most Embarrassing TMNT Moments by Screen Junkies" incident.
Best re:view yet, love the passion Freddie has for the turtles and the atmosphere with rich and jay included. 🥰🥰🥰 gotta have some more Freddie, schedule be damned!
This Re:View was a delight, and it was really nice to see all of their enthusiasm and love for the franchise. I'm a decade younger but the cartoons were still very much popular well into the 90s, so I had the same experience as Jay with the cartoons and toys and video games. My mom wouldn't let me rent the movie and I never understood why. I think I finally saw it when I was a teenager and had a...less than favorable reaction to it.
Michaelangelo was actually talking about getting a tattoo of his the old cartoon of his face over his own face in the 2012 show. Also, that show rules. It's badass and funny.
The whole space worm conversation reminded me of the worst part of the 2003 animated series, which is otherwise in my opinion the best of the four animated adaptations.  So, Shredder (who is an evil Utrom in this version) seemingly dies outside his robot suit in a fiery explosion at the TCRI building after 1.25 seasons adapting many of the original comic book stories.  The show passes it off as though he's really dead for a while, with a two parter where the various crime syndicates fight over the power vaccuum left by Shredder's death.  At the end of that episode, it's revealed that Shredder survived the explosion and was nursed back to health by tiny alien worms called "biocytes" that repaired his flesh.  It's easily the biggest asspull in the whole series, and ruins what could have been a solid send-off for the character.  Though, considering that Eastman finds the use of the worms in the comic funny now, and that he was heavily involved in the production of '03, I wouldn't be surprised if he brought them back in '03 as a joke.
hah I remember it being Hero instead of Ninja in the UK due to some hysteria at the time about cartoons and games being too violent or something. It looks like some other european countries were doing this too. Maybe there was a big craze about martial arts generally after Karate Kid and kids were bringing nunchukas and shuriken to school for show and tell. The coin op arcade game was "ninja turtles" though, making it seem somehow authentic and even cooler, and they didn't change the names of the comics or films either making it even more confusing.
I grew up mainly on the 2003 Series, and the episode that adapts "What Goes Around Comes Around" was one of my favourites just for how intense and hardcore it went. EDIT:  They even did the worms. XD
TMNT commentary track. Great film.
I like to believe that they are all mentally ill and just wearing turtle suits and everyone is afraid to call them out because they are violent.
Freddie's astonishment at Rich Evans remembering how Shredder came back was incredible
I love the fight in Aprils apartment that wrecks the place and then they crash through the floor and keep on fighting
I had similar experience with the same issue. But it was in the vol. 4 of First Comics color trade collections. Blew my mind at the comics were that violent.
christmas has truly come early! this and the good, the bad and the ugly are probably my two favorite movies and rich n jay re:viewed them both this year! both times i was hesitant to click on the vid because i didn't want jay to fuck these up. fortunately for jay, he approves of both. loved the dynamic of these three. i could listen to hours of rich and freddie geeking out over tmnt.  still the greatest comic book movie ever made.
The original movie is so good because they treated the audience mostly seriously.  It has some really good themes about adopted familys, the relationships between fathers and sons as well as brothers, and the disconnect between different generations, of youth and adults.  It such a good movie.
Man I really need to get my hands on these original comics. I grew up with the 87 series and first three movies, but never checked out the comics
The whole thing about Space Worms made me think of the Hunter enemies from the Halo video game series. They're huge brutes with heavy armor, giant shields, and massive plasma cannons, and they're entirely made of worms that cling together to create larger forms. Pretty neat idea imo.
Hmmm …  I’ve got a Wikipedia page to edit . . .
I knew Mike didn't edit this the moment Jay mentioned having all the Turtles toys as a kid and it didn't cut to his Home Alone house.
Was definitely my fav movie as a kid and really holds up well
Rich how dare you slander the good name of battletoads lol
Rich doesn't look well.
was "Tattooed Teenage Alien Fighters from Beverly Hills" a TMNT reference? :)
I'm surprised no one mentioned that this movie was a co-production with the famous Hong Kong based Golden Harvest company. Anyway this movie was lightening in a bottle.  A true gem that still holds up to this day
Freddie seems a lot more confident than he ever has. Nice to see!
Much of this is lost to time now, but in the early 2000s, Peter Laird was actually working with Steve Barron to create a 4-hour TMNT revival miniseries for the Hallmark Channel that would have served as a continuation to the original film.  It would have disregarded the second and third film entirely and returned Judith Hoag back as April O'Neil.   They spent somewhere around 2 years developing it before it was placed on indefinite hiatus and ultimately cancelled.   Supposedly, there was also a more complete cut of the original film with a few additional scenes (such as the turtles coming to the surface of a river) from the original trailer that has never been released and likely no longer exists.  As for the Beetleborgs mention, the turtles actually had their own Power Rangers spinoff series called "The Next Mutation" a few years after a planned fourth film never materialized.    Saban got the rights and produced the single season of the show for FoxKids, bringing in Kevin Eastman to help develop the series.  He introduced Venus, a long-lost 5th (female) turtle, much to the ire of fans and Peter Laird, who originally only had one rule that no female turtles be created.   The characters from Next Mutation crossed over in an early episode of Power Rangers in Space and used completely different voice actors than those from the actual series.  And although the Next Mutation series was actually the highest rated series on FoxKids, the production costs were too high to justify additional seasons.   When the Fox Family Channel premiered in 1998, one of the turtle characters randomly appears for about 5 seconds surfing across outer space in "Men in White," [AKA National Lampoon's Men in White] a Saban-produced made-for-TV movie (and future 'Best of the Worst' candidate) that was created to launch the network.   All that said, TMNT is the first movie I recall ever going to where the lines stretched well outside of the theater.  Also the first film I remember ever seeing twice in theaters.
If Rich was to feed a small part of Shaq to the alien space worms he could have all the delicious Shaq meat he could ever want. A never ending supply of Shaq burgers
I must have went to the Paradise Theater (National Ave, and Greenfield) 15 times and saw the Ninja Turtles movie. $1.00!
I love tmnt. They’re greatest enemy is themselves. If they can work together as brothers, they overcome the villains.
One thing I remember from the movie as a kid was that the entire span of when they are on the farm Michelangelo doesn't say a single word... but he cries for Splinter.
I've got the original black and white comics from 1984 starting with #2.  #1 first printing is impossible to find.
Honestly I think Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 3 was the movie where I realized that even movies in one of my favorite franchises can suck lol either that or the 3rd and/or 4th Batman movie...
Welp, time to update some wiki pages.
I really appreciate this review, I'm a huge fan of the first ninja turtles movie, thanks a lot
Can you guys please, pretty please do a "re:view" of showgirls?
Crazy seeing Sam Rockwell in this movie.
This was a good video! I particularly enjoyed it's pro-updating-Frank-Miller's-Wikipedia-page-to-include-the-fact-that-he-wrote-the-lyrics-to-the-Ninja-Rap-song-as-seen-in-Teenage-Mutant-Ninja-Turtles-2-The-Secret-of-the-Ooze message.
In the UK the BBFC were very against so called 'video nasties' and refused to issue certificates for many films such as Driller Killer, Texas Chansaw Massacre, even Reservoir Dogs was unavailable at home for a while.  They had a bit of problem with martial arts movies and weapons, nunchuku in particular (Enter the Dragon was heavily cut) and ninjas were seen as a particular nasty sort.
2 of my favorite tid bits of trivia about the 1st live action TMNT movie are: 1. Barron used pages of the comics to storyboard the movie. 2. Judith Hoag (April O'neil) shot Cadillac Man with Robin Williams at around the same time and when he heard Hoag was April he gave her comics as reference materials. She even invited him and his family to the premire.
Looks like Jay has got a couple Splinters on that right hand
Radioactive Adolescent Black Belt Hamsters  Was my mutant martial art animal comic book favorite
Love this movie
Biker Mice From Mars is underrated as shit
"Was this before he died?" No Rich, it was after. LOL love you Rich!
Things that people print that had been written down are important ( with their permission) bc I can tell you I won't let ppl touch my s^$@ unless I know what you're making thereafter with it.  Bc I won't support garbage.
I have forgotten about Warriors of Virtue
When I saw this video pop up I was coming….     …to a decision on whether to alter Frank Miller’s Wikipedia page.
I must admit that i look through rose colored glasses but was the the third as good as i remember?  Or shout it stay as a nostalgia filled bomb for my current self?
it's so unfair that mike and jay get to go to heaven but rich evans has to go to hell :(
Freddie rules
Wow, I can't believe Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to the Ninja Rap song!
I started marking the passage of time in RLM familiars changing looks over the years.
could not appreciate to the shoutout to the Palladium RPG more
Great episode, I saw this movie in theaters as a kid. Freddie is the best guest. 👍
Only 3 seconds in and giving this a like and comment for Freddie Williams. I'm as excited to see him back as a guest as I was to see TMNT in the theater when I was 5.
Huh so Kevin must really like Wormania.
Somehow Shredder returned...
Now we need a Best of the Worst where they watch all 26 episodes of Ninja Turtles: The Next Mutation.
The 90 TMNY is a legit great movie not just a fun kiddo movie like Secret of the ooze.
a friend of mine whos from germany once told me the reason the hero turtles name was used (in germany at least), is because they wanted to distance themselves from stories about war, weapons, and violence. so much so that they sanitized pretty much everything even a little close to it. its the same reason why bumblebee in transformers wasnt a VW beetle for a really long time, as its a german-made vehicle in a cartoon literally about a war. and also the european versions of the game contra on NES replace the rambo-esque player characters with robots.
The pizza in this movie, and the pizza in A Goofy Movie. I need them.
My favorite guest ist back!  Thats so nice to see.
Totally stoked to see Freddie back, and I loved the story of his meet-cute with Rich Evans during filming of Space Cop. What cinema magic.
I was in high school when the movie came out, Turtlemania was pretty big. Cheers form Australia.
What still shocks me about the movie is the fact Golden Harvest was involved at all. Especially with their stunt performers doubling some of the Turtles.
It's bizarre to think of turtles cartoon as being too violent when there was already GI Joe. What's worse? A ninja turtle or all out war?
*Rich Evans* is Jim Henson's most *lifelike* creation  😬
It was a combination of psychological concepts. Every kid knew someone with a pet turtle. Kids looked up to teenagers. There was a fascination with ninja’s in the 80’s. And who doesn’t love pizza!? ❤
I may pop over to Frank Miller's Wikipedia page for a bit...
I watched 15min of my friend's moldy VHS copy of TMNTII when Warner died.
The Street Shark toys were so cool!
YOU can do worms. You CAN do worms. You can DO worms. You can do WORMS.
In the UK the Ninja title was changed as it was deemed too violent for children, however when the film came out people were smacking the shit out of each other with broom handles and home made nunchucks so they just figured changing the title was pointless.  The film came out as TMNT but the cartoon was always TMHT, even the titles were sung as "Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles... Hero's Half Shell... Turtle Power"
This was awesome! Thank you for taking me/us on a nostalgic tour and adding a lot of backstage info. I loved it! Now if you will excsue me, I am going to watch part one of the movies and add something to a certain wikipedia page. (I am kidding, don't edit any wikipedia page, those things are about real facts after all.... whahahahahaha!)
42:56 "Turltes III". Literally unwatchable.
Was waiting for them to point out that the joke in the title and concept was that at the time to have a succesful comic you needed to have teenagers, mutants or ninjas in it, so they parodied these recurring elements in one comic. So besides Daredevil, it was parodying X-Men, New Teen Titans, New Mutants etc.
I was too young for the first TMNT and TMNT 2 made me feel like maybe I was getting too old to be interested. Like Jay, I had no interest in 3 and that's kind of where I left the franchise. I might try giving the first one a re-watch now. Also it's seriously cool that Freddie got to work on a franchise he loves (even if the nature of commercial art in our society is soul-sucking).
I got a Domino’s ad right after they mentioned the Noid
What's the old cartoon about dinosaurs as mobsters?
Freddie is awesome because he has no agenda other than geeking out about something he loves.
Thank you for this, guys. Great ride revisited.
In Italy they were named "ninja" not "heroes", I clearly remember my friends and I saying " let's watch the ninja turtles", even the Italian theme song said " ninja"
These days Rich is a dead ringer for the catfishing cop from Virginia
Always good to see Freddie.
I can't believe that they didn't reference the 2003 TMNT near anime
Man what a good video honestly...
TIL Henson was involved. that makes a LOT of sense.  I've been drawn to this movie again recently, haven't seen it since I was too young to remember much. I'm a big tokusatsu/practical effects guy these days so it makes sense that I'd be wanting to check this out. Especially since TMNT is like, the one big thing from my childhood that I never re-visited past childhood. YET.
Excellent review, although I was a little disappointed that while discussing the dark tone of the film they didn't once bring up the role that the real life backdrop of crime-ridden late 80s/early 90s NYC played in creating that atmosphere, or how the entire Foot Clan in the movie is basically just an underground gang of disaffected teens and young adults that Shredder is using and exploiting for his own ambitions.  The scenes with Danny and Splinter are just as emotional and hit just as hard as the farmhouse portion of the film, especially near the end where they rescue Splinter and he emphatically tells the others how they have all been manipulated by Shredder.  That really hit home on alot of levels seeing something like that in a "kids" film back in the day.
Freddie is cool. Rich and Jay are legends.
Rich really does hit the nail on the head. The reason TMNT has stayed so popular is that it’s such a goofy premise that you can go any direction: dark or light hearted, serious or off the wall stupid. And it ALL feels in character and believable.
Freddie has great chemistry with the guys. Wish we'd see him more frequently.
Freddie Williams is awesome, love to see him again
Big bad Beatle Borg's was more power rangers but Tattooed teenage alien fighters from Beverly hills is a knock off. (Both made by Saban, who made power rangers)
Well... I'm off to update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page.
Josh is looking good these days!
THAT WAS RICH IN SPACE COP! The acting was so rich I couldn't tell it was him!
when I finally saw the second movie, I think that was the first time in my life I was like what the fuck is this? I don't even remember if I finished it and never watched it again.
2:21 Oh...yeah...Palladium...wow...what a tragedy. Nobody like, who can edit and playtest a book could get the license? Just...Kevin Siembieda...eeeeuuuuuuggghhhhh.
Even that new game Shredder's Revenge  even has that theme song... But updated the game isn't even that bad... Like the old  Konami arcade
From Wikipedia: "The soundtrack featured 10 tracks from the film, and music from artists such as Magnificent V11 produced by Troy Duncombe and Mickey Mahoney of Cat and Moose productions Ya Kid K, Cathy Dennis and David Morales, Tribal House and Dan Hartman. The most famous song featured on the soundtrack was "Ninja Rap" performed by rapper Vanilla Ice and written by Frank Miller".
😎💪😃
No Mike, no like
MY FIRST MOVIE THEATRE EXPERIANCE when I was 4! Thank you RLM
Story teller first season was old original fairy tales (Cinderella was cinder soot etc) 2nd season was Roman myths (daedalis and icarus etc) and much darker than the dark crystal Oh also (not to advertise someone) I saw a the you tubes thing talking about them having to remove ninja in the UK
I think this movie shows how Raphael is a deeper character then given credit for normally. Most paint him as angry and aggressive. But they are teenagers and adolescence isn't very fun for many. Raphael is struggling at his age and isn't as fun loving as his brothers. It's not just that he's angry, he's frustrated and emotional and struggles with his place in the world. Raph is as 3 dimensional as a character gets. His scene with Splinter is gut-wrenching.
I kinda love that Rich says that TMNT is massively versatile and Star Wars is the complete opposite, then he rattles off the exact things you can do with Star Wars. "You can do gritty shit, hero stuff, space stuff, mystical stuff." That's 100% the same as Star Wars which he says is really shallow and you can't really do anything with it.
this episode brought back some good childhood movie memories and freddie is just a great guy
My favorite thing is in secret of the ooze… Mikey being behind a sausage vendor, jumping on a guy and saying, “Do you want a pickle?” Which is suggestive of his very own green sausage.. his dick…
Can't believe you guys went this whole video without talking about the best character Danny.
I know the sequels aren't great, but I still love the second and third ninja turtles movie to absolute pieces, along with this first one of course.
"COMING..."
So I'm not sure if this is 100% accurate but certainly seems to be in the right direction when it comes to the Ninja vs Hero thing.  In the 70s the large number of martial arts movies led the British Film Certification board to shite themselves and start listing specific weapons which shouldn't appear in films shown in the UK. The main spark for this was most likely Enter The Dragon (1973) which was instantly given an X rating for violence. Some newspapers at the time were shocked that it was even allowed an X rating rather than being outright banned.  Things got so out of hand that the 1988 Criminal Justice Act contained a list of banned weapons. Over half of the items on the list were ninja/martial arts weapons. Though that list has changed slightly over the years there are still several things on it directly relating to this time period. Footclaw, Handclaw, Hollow Kubotan, Shuriken, Kyoketsushoge, Kusarigama, and most hilariously of all the Kusari itself, which is simply weights attached to each end of a rope or chain, not too dissimilar from a bike chains with pair of padlocks.  The film side of this nonsense wouldn't end until the late 90s. That scene of Mikey playing with the sausages like nunchuks in TMNT 2? Cut from the UK release of the film. All scenes in the first film where nunchuks were visible were cut, edited or replaced.  The whole thing is a mess of politics and press madness some of which continues to this day in mindsets or left over laws.
The idea for the worms absorbing someone’s consciousness is actually  a swipe from the 1983 Alan Moore Swamp Thing story,  ‘The Anatomy Lesson’.  Apparently planarian worms can learn to navigate a maze,  then get chopped up and fed to other planarian worms who then know the maze by absorption.
What a wonderful re:view! I really enjoyed this!
39:37 ..that is the most amazing sound I've ever heard.
I got to meet Judith Hoag at Summer con in Washington State last year. I highly recommend at the very least talking to her. She is super sweet. She also has a YouTube channel.
I love being apart of the RLM family =D
When the movie came out...I was 6. My grandma took my brother, cousin and myself to the theater to watch TMNT. I was so pumped to see it. But at the last moment my grandma decided I wasn't allowed to watch it. So...my older brother and cousin got to see it, but I had to watch Driving Miss Daisy with my grandma because I apparently had a problem repeating swear words. Somehow word reached my grandma of Raphael's "Daaaaamn!!!" In the movie. That alone ruined my chances of watching the movie. I'm almost 39 now and to this day I still haven't let go of my resentment for my grandma's decision.   I mean... Driving Miss Daisy while my brother and cousin got to see Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?!?!?! That was torture for my 6 year old mind.
The timing on this is so weird. I haven’t seen anything TMNT in forever, and yesterday I bought “The Last Ronin” book and started reading it. It’s pretty good so far.
This was the first time a movie was sold-out and I had to wait for the next showing.
All I hear is that riff associated with the Foot Clan that's used in this movie. Also Ninja Vanish...
45:38 I'd buy that space cop sketch for a million billion dollars
I was expecting them to mention the "Coming" line, and they didn't disappoint.
37:43 I only just learned that David Warner (who plays the scientist in TMNT 2) passed away in July. I really loved his performances in everything he did.
The UK nunchuck ban in film and TV at the time was off the back of Enter the Dragon, supposedly there was a spike in kids bashing each other with them after watching the film and it didn't get revoked for some time.
23:13 Child Jay was like "this is gonna be my personality for the next 5 years."
its definitely one of the best comic book movies ever made. i had it on vhs and watched it several dozen times at least.
We need that Space Cop illustration from Freddie. Inked. On a poster.  (edit: corrected typos)
There will never be a better Turtles movie than Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles(1990). It's an anomaly where the studio allowed the creators to actually portray the material correctly. I don't think it will ever happen again.
I will admit, when I saw the movie in the theater my initial response (because of the cartoon) was: WHERE'S KRANG? Shortly after I did read the comics (they were a local New England product!), and was very surprised how closely the movie held to them.
I never knew that about Frank Miller.
Jay’s face when Rich is explaining how shredder returns is fucking priceless. 12:24
Haven't watched the review yet but I watch TMNT every 3-4 years and always wait for the day when it doesn't "hold up" anymore. That day hasn't come yet.
what a great thing to see pop up on my front page. a review of my favorite movie by my favorite youtube channel
Hey, it's Freddie!! Hell, it's been a minute hasn't it? 😅
Freddie's reaction when Rich remembers Shredder being revived by worms is fucking incredible.
You can see Rich's socks. They look exactly as you would imagine.
i remember the exact moment (about 30 years ago) when i realized they were actually called NINJA Turtles, not HERO Turtles... blew my mind! :D
Can I just say how much I love your content? You guys are amazing, thank you for the countless hours of laughter, education, and entertainment.
Most kids who grew up watching the cartoons and were into the Turtles when the movie came out, also grew up watching Robocop, Alien, and Terminator which I think is why we like the grittiness of the movie. Something like that
RIP Frank Miller's Wikipedia page
they better love this movie.  It's pretty much perfect
One of my all time favorite flicks
It's still on his wikipedia page as of 12/13/22 4:15pm AKST
Wonder if this movie influenced Batman Returns at all. I figured that it came out before this and that the backlash on how dark that was might have influenced the tone changes in this movie, but Batman Returns came out in 1992. Maybe Batman got away with that BECAUSE this movie was successful.  Such a weird time period. Rambo is pretty tame compared to the fact they were marketing Robocop and Alien to kids.
This 1st movie will always hold a speacial place to me as an 80s/90s kid
About the: Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles if I remember right, that wasn't all of Europe but Britain. For me in Belgium it was just TMNT.  Back then when seeing toys with Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles I thought  that it was just some Chinese knock-off thing.
Lol I think I found some of Jay's rhetorical blind spots!
"This movie is cinema" - Martin Scorsese.
This movie was foundational to my childhood and in making me the man I am today.
One of my favorite movies that still holds up 30 years later, impressive stuff.
This movie is so dope, even after all these years.
20:40 THAT is what that was?!?! I remember seeing it as a kid and in creepying me the hell out, I had no idea what it was but it looked demonic as the white looks like another mouth in the wrong place compared to the glare from the eyes
**Types in Frank MIller on Wikipedia**
I love this movie. TMNT 1 is way better than a movie about teenage mutant turtles that a ninjas has any right to be.
Avgn did this already
well 2 hours after this video, and Frank Millers wikipedia does in fact say he is credited with writing the lyrics for Ninja rap
The Teenage bit in the title is a shoutout to the X-Men
Personally,  I think Jim Hensons' best work is Rich Evans.
The turtles from the original movie still look far better to me than the Michael Bay turtles.
You guys gotta do legend
I still have that TMNT RPG book. Like most Palladium Games of that era, it was clunky and barely playable, but the character creation is quite entertaining.
Ah, one of my favorite episodes was Return of the Living Dead! It's so cool to have Freddie back again.
I just watched an old BOTW with Freddy this morning. The Biohazard, Slaughter High & Kill Point episode. A Cameron Mitchell fest ❤️
As of 2 hours in of this videos post, Wikipedia currently has 3 places where Miller is credited for writing the lyrics to Go Ninja Go. What did you think was going to happen, RLM?
Omg I thought Freddie Williams was Josh for a minute
The ending of the review is hilarious with that Frank Miller wikipedia warning xDDD at first I thought you guys were serious about it, and now I think you aren't and want people to go and change his wikipedia xDDD thanks! Awesome video and review! And great guest as well!
I think the thing about this movie that all other iterations of the turtles seem to lack is that the turtles really feel like brothers, there's a sincere attempt to make them all feel like family & that for me is what makes this movie one of the best.
Surprised Freddie Williams is back
The first movie I ever saw in theaters. I was five years old and I loved the whole experience.
This video so awesome thanks for the work you guys put in
In the U.K. all three movies were censored to remove Michaelangelo’s nunchaku. The sequel was even censored to remove his sausages. Seriously.
Kevin Clash did Splinter and went on to do Elmo...and a group of adolescent boys.
Yesss! I was hoping you guys would do this. Such a good movie.
Surprised you guys haven't mentioned the fantastic score by John Du Prez which really fit the movie's dark and grimy feel. That Shredder's Suite is forever ingrained in my mind.
Coming. To watch this video.
I never realized as a kid how fucking impressive those wide shots of the performers pulling off wheel kicks in fucking turtle costumes was
This movie is a corner stone of my childhood. I'm just starting this review and I hope I'm not ruined.
Heavy bag and speed bag 🎒
Please do not go to Frank Miller's Wikipedia page.
My Dad took me to see this film when I was a kid. For him, it was just a kids movie, but he was surprised by how wise Splinter was and he found himself nodding along to the things Splinter said 😂
Funny thing about the German version of "Hero Turtles" They were all swearing like there's no tomorrow. Fuck, Bullshit, Bitch, i especially loved that one scene in the season set in Europe. When they were in france and a table fell over the french guy just went MERDE MERDE MERDE!
The first TMNT movie is amazing.  It is so emotional as a kids film.  Besides the flaws I think its top 5 super hero films of all time.
Coming               To a decision.
A modern trilogy done for adults would be fucking amazing. Seriously the comics could be their own HBO tv show.
They sort of touched on the music, but the score for the final fight scene was something I also really liked as a kiddo. TMNTs were so ingrained with my childhood, and pizza, that when I smell brick oven pizza being baked, I always think back to those days. That's a powerful legacy for a joke, and it worked.
Damn, I didn't know Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to Ninja Rap in TMNT 2: The Secret of the Ooze. Crazy stuff!
This movie also is a great story about growing up in an immigrant family in America. Being raised with a different level of discipline while trying to fit into a different world around you.
" At a young age, Frank Miller is also credited with writing the lyrics for the rap song Go Ninja Go Ninja Go, for the 1991 film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze, performed by rap artist Vanilla Ice" - Wikipedia 12/12/2022 8:01 PM EST
I'm glad to see the Wikipedia page has been fixed to include the reference, but surprised to see it hasn't been locked yet.
Please can we get a video of the RLM crew playing this TMNT rollplay game with Freddie DM`ing ..... PLEASE
Street Sharks, started Vin Disels career.
22:27 There was the Toxic Avenger kids cartoon as well
Extreme Dinosaur is my favourite TMNT rip off
Sooo, what does Frank Miller's wikipedia page look like right now?
I'm surprised to hear them talk about the pen and paper RPG. I still own the book, and thought I was the last person on earth alive who remembered that it even existed. I didn't realize that it predated the cartoon, though, even though it did have a lot of comic references and complete panels.
Man, Frank Miller really can do it all
You rule Freddie.
Well, a certain Wikipedia page has indeed been updated again...
I saw the TMNT Coming out of their Shells tour show in Columbus Ohio at Cooper Stadium. Who else saw that shit?
That is one creepy thumbnail 😅
Yeah ...The go ninja part sure is in the wiki allready. or allways has been! :P Under early life! :P
Freddie was right about the timing, nice to see everything coming….together so well on this episode.
My dad took me to see the TMNT movie as a sneak peak.  Michelangelo was there.  He also took me to see the concert.  What a legend.
Cowabunga!
If you want another reference to Daredevil, Daredevils teacher is The Stick  Splinter is reference to that
I love the second movie non-ironically.
They're called "Hero Turtles" in the UK (and possibly Ireland?) because ninjas are thought of as cold blooded assassins there.  Trivia:  Ninjas are actually spies.  Also, the ending for the first NES game has Splinter transforming back into his human form.  So even the game stayed true to the comic, not just the cover art.
So weird I JUST watched that original Freddie Williams guest episode last night.
here's some fun trivia for you guys. Power Rangers uses footage taken from the Toei made franchise Super Sentai. Beetleborgs reuses footage from the Metal Heroes series which was also made by Toei. both shows were localized by Saban. so technically speaking not a rip off, they're just the same genre since they're both Tokusatsu shows.
Our boy Rich seems to be smaller and a bit more defined. Credit and respect to you. Respect to you and keep it up.
Freddie!! I was JUST thinking about how nice it would be to see him on RLM again :)
I got into TMNT because of this movie and the cartoon in the 80's, and I was younger than Jay. So I went and saw TMNT 3 in theaters, granted I missed the beginning, because me and my friend showed up, and my parents forgot what time it started, and we missed the first 20 minutes. I remember still enjoying it, more than the second movie, though it still had the cheese of the second one.
Saw the 3th one in theater. I loved it.  I hate it now...
The ninja thing being illegal was not a European thing, but a British one. It only happened there. In every other European country they were simply called (sometimes translated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. But back when the show came out, the UK was going through one of its more extreme 'moral outrage' phases (google 'Mary Whitehouse') and conservatives came up with all kinds of terms and concepts that were deemed detrimental to the developing mind. So in the UK only, they were for a time known as 'Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles', because the word 'ninja' was banned. This also explains why the nunchucks specifically weren't allowed. It was confusing here in The Netherlands, because we would sometimes see cartoons via the UK and sometimes via the US, and both names were used interchangeably without any explanation.
Jay would probably really dig the Wasteland Warrior episodes of the 2012 series.
Love this movie
Rich and I read the same first Turtle comic book issue! That would be issue 10, or no... the Leonardo one-shot that lead into issue 10. I bought that with my dad at a flea market along with Space Beaver #1. Ah, the memories...
Time to update Frank Miller's wikipedia page!
The soundtrack always got me pumped as a kid. That final fight on the rooftop, pure perfection.
Delightful. I love this movie but I now live in Japan and apparently just the first movie was only ever released dubbed on VHS for some insane reason.
Freddie Williams is my favorite guest. I just love his positive attitude, synergies great with you guys….somehow. XD
This was absolutely fantastic!
Freddie's one of the best guests they've ever had, glad he's back.
Wonderful! Thank you all
The original TMNT is both one of the best and most underrated comic book adaptations ever made. It's unbelievable that this film has never received a decent release in the states outside of a bare bones blu-ray.
don't look up how they butchered it for germany
lmfao somebody really *did* edit Frank Miller's wikipedia
Freddie Williams? He’s my favorite!
Stories from Rich’s childhood always feel like relics: precious, rare pieces of history.
If I recall, the guy in the back of the cab was Raphael's body actor. And the foot ninja who slaps April is Leo's. OH and the delivery guy is Mikey's!
Wow, I didn't know Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to the "Go Ninja, Go" rap from TMNT2!🤯🤯🤯
I didn't know Frank Miller wrote the "Ninja Rap" from the movie Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2.  What an exciting little piece of trivia, like one would learn from a wikipedia page.
can't believe frank miller wrote "go ninja go ninja go". what a shocking reveal!
The change from Ninja to Hero was due to a fear of rising Japanese influence during their economic boon. Leo's swords are swords, Don uses a stick and Raph's sais could just be daggers. Mike's Nunchaku and the word ninja, however, were considered distinctively 'Japanese' and both needed to be scrubbed. Yes I know the sais and swords were Japanese design, but we're talking about xenophobic moms and idiot politicians.
I'm nostalgic for the original movie but I prefer the fan dub on YouTube. Sadly it was never finished and ends on a cliffhanger. I keep holding out hope that Shredder's right-hand man will get his Chinese name someday.
Just checked Frank Miller's Wiki....yep, he totally wrote the "Ninja Rap" song.
Ive never been more scared to click on a link, one of my fav movies of all time possibly about to be shit on and memed to hell.
First
Always thought this flick had the same vibe as Jason takes Manhattan.  lol
its cool they give people like Freddie a chance to hang out with Rich Evans for a bit
At the time of viewing this video, Frank Miller's Wiki page credits him for writing the Go Ninja song
: 'A guy who had an idea about ninja animals' Rich: 'Arrrgghhhh...'
Just checked. Currently, Frank Miller is credited on wikipedia for writing Go Ninja Go Ninja Go. I don't know if he will ever not be anymore.
the rpg was my first introduction as well.
Great conversation, ending really got me laughing. Would have moved up the 4th warning slightly, could be the viewing speed but dropping it a few words sooner feels better in my brain.
...Aaaand of course if you look up Frank Miller on Wikipedia you see he did indeed write the lyrics to "Ninja Rap" by Vanilla Ice. Guy's so versatile!
This video proves me and jay would’ve been really good friends if we lived near each other. We have way too much in common. Ninja turtles and dark humor
Sucks that they didn't use their weapons much in the later movies and seasons of the show. I'll never forget the first episode of the TV show when Leo just straight up murders the first bad guy he sees with his sword and then is all like "oh hey guys, they're robots"
Don't forget the Preteen Dirty Jean Kung Fu Kangaroos!
From what I can find it seems the scene with Casey Jones and the swing falling was scripted. Still a great moment though.
I don’t think they even mentioned Corey Feldman
Guy's, I just want to say that I really appreciate what you do. It brings me genuine happiness to see a new Red Letter Media video appear on YouTube. I know you probably think you're not doing much, but thank you. From the bottom of my heart.
Like Rich, I also assume that Splinter, having been tortured, can barely stand in the rooftop scene.
You guys managed to make the TMNT charming. How dafuq you do this
Freddie is such an incredible guest. Thank you all :)
The word "ninja" was problematic in the UK for a period of time in the eighties, even for IPs aimed at adults and would have made marketing the show unfeasible. That's why they renamed it to "hero" for all of Europe so that they wouldn't run into issues.
Kinda hope they talk about the Micheal Bay ones. I never even bothered with those.
46:48 went and checked and of course it's on there right now.
I hope this means Freddie will be on the Christmas episode of botw
“Up in the distance, the game’s dragging on. There’s strikes on the batter, some runners are on, & suddenly everyone’s looking at me! I have been wondering ‘what could it be?’ They point to the sky & I look up above, AND A BASEBALL FALLS INTO MY GLOOOOVE….. IIIII plaaay right field! It’s important to know! You gotta know how to catch! You gotta know how to throw! That’s why I play in right field, way up where the dandelions groooow….”
Please do not update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page to include the fact that he wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze.
I know exactly what the dude was referring to about the worms... there was a study done which trained a bunch of worms to look for food near a lightbulb.  I think they weren't earthworms but like tiny little worms... but anyhow, they took the worms that had been trained to go toward the light, chopped them up into little pieces, then fed them to other worms.  And those worms started seeking the light.  Apparently that inspired a comic book.  Huh.  I was 11/12 in 1990, and absolutely loved Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  The fact there was a comic book was known to me, but as a mythic thing which was R-rated and gory (at least how I heard it in elementary school... this was mostly pre-Internet, so rumors were big).  But I have a big memory attached to the VHS release... I went to a friends house and afterwards we got into play-fighting and I kicked him right in the head, resulting in a huge knot swelling up and me getting in trouble with his doctor dad.
I finally saw the third movie like over a decade after it came out and it was even worse than I thought it would be. Which is a shame because in the right hands the time travel thing could have been a lot of fun. In fact, I remember seeing the trailer and being like "oh neat, time travel." Then I saw the trailer a couple more times and I was like, "oh, this looks like it will be even more cartoony than the second one. I dunno about this." And I had no intention of ever paying to watch it. But I didn't see it running on cable until around 2005 when I was at my grandparents' house in the back room flipping through channels and it was on so I'm like "eh, I'll check it out I guess." I don't think I even finished it. I got maybe an hour into it and went "this is awful," and went into the living room to watch tv with my grandparents instead. And they usually had either baseball, golf or Fox News on, which is why I watched tv in the back room. Thankfully, they were watching M*A*S*H.
I'm surprised there was no mention of Corey Feldman.
Guys, it's almost Christmas and you haven't done VIOLENT NIGHT on half in the bag yet.
Christmas came early!
Don't change Frank Miller's wikipedia page? I checked someone else beat me to it.
would have been cool for the guest to offer at least one critical piece of feedback, it feels like because he's employed by them he's being real careful which makes sense but also it would be cool if he could speak freely
I have actually already heard a ton of indepth discussion on this movie, and how awful and difficult it was to make, but the first and second movie, to me, are such impressive movies (even still) that I enjoy hearing people talk about it.  Edit: and I appreciate that you have Freddie on to talk about the comics which I don't actually know anything about other than they were black and white. And also it's been awhile so it's just good to see him on again.  Fun fact: The first arc of The Tick comics (which I did read as a kid) also parodied Daredevil.  Isn't it crazy that these plastic suits are more characterized than almost every movie and TV show written right now?
i have waited so long for this omg
Afaik Ninjas was a big no no in Europe because adults were against the amount of violence in American kids shows. There was a big scare with stories going around about kids who accidently went blind because they played with homemade throwing stars. I think there were also stories of children accidently dying from playing with homemade "ninja weapons". So you simply couldn't sell a show/franchise aimed at kids with the word ninja in it.
Always a good time when Freddie Williams shows up...totally worth the struggle to get him in the studio.
Peter Laird recently teamed back up with Eastman for the greatest TMNT story ever made, called the last ronin. All the turtles besides michelegno are dead, and hes on a quest for revenge. If they ever do another live action , I want it to be this story. It would probs have to be rated R though so I highly doubt we will ever get that. Im glad Laird and Eastman made up though.
It seems Freddie Williams is transforming into Josh.
So happy that you guys brought Freddie back and it's for one of my all time favorite movies. I'm relieved that the review is so positive because I feel TMNT holds up. When I was a kid I thought they were real, I was 3 ok, and as I got older this movie blew me away. Doing martial arts and stunts in those suits must have been insane. Even with how difficult the movie was to make I'm impressed with the dedication and hard work put in. Also glad that Freddie still gets emotional with Astral Splinter cuz me too. Hope you guys got to hang out for a bit since it's been a while, thanks for this review. 💕🤘
Dogshit movie. No clue how anybody could like it. Honestly. Cannot stand the entire trilogy.
Don’t think there is one ounce of CGI in the the movie…. No wonder it’s so dam good. Pizza, turtles, arcade games, the good days man 😞
I really cant believe Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to Go, Ninja, Go.
The role playing game was just as much fun as D&D IMO.
I too would love to see Jay playing ninja in the driveway of his Home Alone mansion
The worm thing thing also appeared in saga of the swamp thing by alan Moore, so maybe they borrowed that concept
I feel a weird urge to go to wikipedia. More seriously though, I would watch a discussion between Freddie and Rich Evans about the IDW run from 2011 on.
The reason the first 5 episodes of TMNT (1987) were so well-animated was when it was on the drawing board, they figured 'okay, we'll pull out all the stops. Make five episodes, call it a pilot. If it gets renewed? Call it season one.' Those first five episodes were done by TOEI Animation would be why they look so good and hold up so well. After it was renewed the licensing deal was they had to have 63 episodes by the third season and they obviously couldn't afford TOEI Animation. That's why the quality takes such a dramatic hit from season 2 onward.  e: the iconic intro for the first few seasons was TOEI, too.
I was hoping they would have mentioned in the comic discussion there was a TMNT Ghostbusters crossover (2 actually) they were EPIC, the turtles met the ghost of their mother, as silly as it sounds it was very touching.  Heres hoping we see the finale of that trilogy. DO IT IDW!
Turtles 3 is an abomination.
40:14 lol if I just saw that image without the logo in the bottom right I'd swear it was furry stuff. I think it's because they gave them abs.
It's always great when you guys get together to discuss something you love.
The sequel would have been cool to see a Shredder worm clone with Super Shredder being the shark Shredder.
They talked about Judith Hoag, but when I was a kid watching this I just wanted the bubblegum girl in the Foot Clan clubhouse to get more screen time.
The change from Ninja to Hero applied mostly to the franchise’s name, since the characters don’t seem to have any issue using the term ninja. It is mainly due to Germany having the most draconian laws regarding entertainment aimed at children, which often resulted in censorship of some kind. For example, the Contra video game series had to be renamed Probotector and the main characters changed to androids due to the politically sensitive issue of the Iran Contras’ fiasco. More often than not, the changes made to accommodate Germany would set the tone for European releases.
My favourite TMNT adaptation is one I hear nothing about: the early 2000s cartoon. Shredder is an alien, the turtles are teleported to space with alien dinosaurs, the alien race Shredder belongs to starts a war. It's a decently balanced show for older kids/younger teens
Freddie is great!
Michaelangelo wears a turtle mask in tmnt 2007 also
Last night I watched the first episode of TMNT: The Next Mutation for the first time. Then this comes out today. It's a kind of magic.
I went to the Tae Kwon Do school that did the fight choreography for this movie
Tiny bit surprised that the last 2 seconds of the video after the credits roll wasn't Splinter "Coming..."
"Wise man say 'forgiveness is divine, but never pay full price for late pizza'." TRUTH!
Kevin Eastman is an awesome guy!!
47:03 as of 1 hour of uploading somebody already did it
Did you guys know that Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to Go Ninja Go by Vanilla Ice? I read about it on Wikipedia, so it has to be true!
Is rich getting more shrill?
45:00 Rich as Orson Welles ... That means RLM is working on a remake of Orson Welles Wine Commercial staring Rich Evans!!! Awesome!
“All fathers care for their sons” — a giant talking ninja rat.
I always felt Secret of the Ooze would’ve been improved, had Donatello been the turtle who walks out on the group.  He has that line where he says  “I though there was more to it.  I thought we were special.”  Donatello now seeing himself as the loser in a group of accidents. His jokes suck and his weapon sucks.  He goes off, helps Kino, and during the end at the junkyard, he appears and uses his smarts, bad jokes, and Bow Staff, to free everyone, ending the film realizing how valuable he is to the team.
I'll never understand that weird moral panic about ninjas here in Europe. I think it originated in the UK but it was certainly prevalent here in Sweden as well. From what I remember at the time the word "ninja" had to many violent connotations,  hence we got the "Hero Turtles". The NES games Ninja Gaiden and Shadow of the Ninja where also renamed to Shadow Warriors and Blue Shadow. They also took Power Rangers and Darkwing Duck off TV for being too violent.
This was the first movie I saw in a theater
As of 12/13/22, Wikipedia confirms Frank Miller's lyrical contributions to "Ninja Rap"
I always felt like this film belonged in 1989 with all those other great movie milestones. It felt like the true bookend to the 80's. One of the greatest films ever made that holds up and I'm not even shitting. ⚡️🍼
I will say, at the time of me writing this comment. There is a very high chance that Frank Miller may or may not be the writer of the lyrics to “Go Ninja, Go” from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: Secret of the Ooze, according to Wikipedia
"And You can do worms. You can do worms" - Rich Evans, 2022
yes.
I just realized, I gotta get a gift for splinter...
I’d love to hear Rich’s thoughts on the 2003 TMNT show that show is very faithful to the comics
Hey I would love you guys to talk about Guillermo del Toro’s Pinocchio. I really loved it but I’d love to hear you guys talk about it. Maybe in harsh contrast with the Disney live action remake
Daredevils Kung fu master was stick - so theirs was splinter
The pizza looked unbelievably delicious in this movie!
Why did I watch this?
I used to read TMNT comics back in the 80s before the cartoon.  I always wanted a gritty adaptation of the graphic novels.
yo
14 minutes in and this is easily the best TMNT movie review made of all time
Elias Koteas is someone who if I see him in a movie, I want to give it a try.
Steve Barron did one film before TMNT: Electric Dreams, a romantic comedy of a girl a guy and his computer and it’s the most perfect 80’s movie ever, also one of the most underrated in spite of starring a young Virginia Madsen.
I still hold that the supershredder is the movie version of the failed clones, a genetic experiment using mutagen on a human, and _dressed_ as the shredder so he could fake his death.
"Adolescent Radioactive Blackbelt Hamsters."
its called secret of the ooze for a reason 🐀
Worms became the Hunters of Halo.
Always bothered me that The Turtles, living in NEW YORK, would order fuggin' Dominoes.  Blasphemy.
Suddenly getting an urge to update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page to include him writing the lyrics for "Go Ninja Go Ninja Go"
The Frank Miller Wikipedia bit is stochastic terrorism. Shame on RLM.
Looker - re:View
It's worth pointing out that the first movie had a lot of profanity in it for a production that was, at least partially, aimed at children.
Rewatching this movie was very hard, as it is kind of... terrible. At the climax, they really highlight that the villain and the good guys have literally no connection. They don't know each other, they just happen to be fighting.
I'm enjoying this "Rich Evans is a precog" story arc
I made my nieces (9 and 12) watch this not too long ago. I was a massive fan of the cartoon, so when the film came out I was so excited. Even better, it's a film you can still watch as an adult
I was 5 and I remember seeing this in theaters. It was VERY good. But even as a small child I knew how bs it was when shredder didn't really have a fight but just got knocked off the roof.
the implications of Rich Evans asking if this was done before or after Jim Henson dies and the way no one questions it makes me wonder if a zombified Jim Henson is an open secret in hollywood.
Just realized Freddie did one of my favorite covers for The Last Ronin, which is also one of the best TMNT comic series in a while, probably since City at War
Wait frank millar wrote the ninja rap???
Go Ninja Go Ninja Go Ninja Go
Freddie is my favorite RLM guest he's so cool
When Jay talks about the Logo in the movie on screen having the trademark on it and wondering if that’s been done before, it made me think of the Dragon Ball Z games on PS2. I remember playing and in the character select screen you’d choose Goku and there would be the little trademark R next to his name, along with all the other characters. It was weird
One thing they sadly didn't touch on was that the movie had a real theme - fatherhood and growing up. Not only between Splinter and the Turtles, but also between teenage boy Danny and his dad. Even April talks about how she still lives above her late father's antique store and can't part with his things. Man, what a multi-layered movie about humanoid reptiles.
It can not be understated how magical and captivating it felt seeing this movie in the theater at the height of my childhood Turtles obsession. I actually do like the second movie a fair bit, but the original set the bar for this kind of adaptation and I don't think anything has lived up to it since.
So Frank Miller also wrote the lyrics to "Ninja Rap" by Vanilla Ice, huh?
Is Freddie's infectious optimism replacing my crippling depression?
So good to see Freddie back and chatting about one of the seminal movies of my childhood.  Thanks for being great, RLM.
So glad Freddy name dropped Palladium books. That was my first RPG, and intro to the Ninja Turtles as well
Okay, I haven’t seen any of these movies in probably like 20 years, but this makes me feel better about the fact that the first one was always my favorite. As a kid, all my friends always thought the second one was far superior, and I loved the first one, especially all the stuff at the farmhouse.
I liked part 2 still.
What an amazing and strange coincidence, I've just watched the 'Batman - nina turtles' animation today, just because I felt like it. No relation at all. Great animation by the way!
Reason Ninja was changed to Hero for everything in Europe back then was because ninjas were big among kids and there were cases of kids getting hurt trying to be ninjas by making/using throwing stars and nunchucks.
Freddie!!! Glad to see him back !
Happy to report that, at the time of writing, Frank Miller's Wikipedia page says he wrote the lyrics to "Ninja Rap" by Vanilla Ice
Corrected: "Miller also wrote the lyrics to "Ninja Rap" by Vanilla Ice."
The 2012 show is actually pretty great.
I remember being surprised at Baxter Stockman being black in the original comics as I was more familiar with the cartoon in which he was white. It was a nice change of pace seeing a black character that was intelligent rather than street smart, especially back in the day. IIRC, they made him black in a later series. I never heard a lot of bitching about race swapping when they made him white, but I'll bet there was some teeth-gnashing when they made him black in the later cartoon series.   Also, you guys totally forgot about Samurai Pizza Cats.
Just checked out Frank Miller wiki page... did you guys know he wrote the Ninja Rap song in TMNT2?
Rise of the TMNT (the most recent series) is possibly the best version of TMNT ever made, check it out!
Splinter was my favorite character in the movies, even as a little kid, but that's because he goes from wise sage to "I made a funny".  There's a genuine sense that he cares about them, not just physically, but wants to relate to them emotionally.
Even as Mainstream as TMNT was at this time, this movie embraced the Independent, Underground Aethetics as Art & Cinema.
COMING To a decision
You can do ALMOST anything with TMNT....but not musicals. We learned that lesson the hard way
I was a little disappointed that they didn't mention Danny at all or the underground crime operation. He's kind of a link to both worlds, the turtles, April and Casey as well as shredder and the foot
In the 80s all problems were caused by ninjas and solved with karate.
The Wikipedia page was updated in less than an hour of this going live :D
Did freddie draw THE pannel, where batman shows raphael where his parents died?
Geeks who would shit it given the opportunity to make a movie.
Gotta be honest, haven't watched a lot of RLM lately, but TMNT 1990!? Fuck yeah I'm here.
Sounds like the space worms bit was lifted from Alan Moore's run on Swamp Thing
Miller did write the ninja rap song...according to wikipedia.
being someone who has watched those live action TMNT movies, the 3rd one had time travel and i believe i remember seeing a front cover for a VHS for the fourth movie involving dragons, so yeah pointless information
Awesome to see Freddie back. Part of the RLM family that has been greatly missed.
The Master Splinter puppet at the end not having any movement and obviously the limitations to the puppet is done in a way if you think about how he is the master of his sons and well disaplined in in training that when Shredder lose his cool he obviously use that against him and with that iconic line says "WITHOUT HONOR" makes it for me more so a better stance for Splinter knowing Oroksaki downfall is his is arrogance.
You guys will never guess what I just saw on the Wikipedia page of Frank Miller!
12:29 that also happened to Johnny Storm after he died, some bugs/worms put him back together.      How embarrassing...
Yes, Ninja was seen for quite a while as a hired murderer. nothing heroic about them. So the TMNT were renamed to be the 'hero turtles' because they're ... The heroes.
I can't express how much joy it brings me to check Frank Miller's Wikipedia page and see that he definitely wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song by Vanilla Ice.
My college UMass Amherst has a statue of the turtles as the comic writer Kevin Eastman is an alum.
What's the URL for Wikipedia? No reason...
Fredieeeee!, Great to see you in the channel again! I hope you can make it to a BOTW again some day.
I love this movie and the second one. I enjoyed them way more than the cartoon. I also like the CG movie that came out and I was surprised how much hate it got. Also The space worms thing is not to ridiculous in the world of comics.
Original TMNT is a classic that totally holds up to this day. Modern forgettable souless hundred million dollar  blockbusters could take a lesson.
this was an epic episode lol ninja turtle was a huge thing our childhood
90 seconds into the video and we already have a classic Rich Evans Vocal Gaffe   I couldn't ask for more.
just checked: frank miller did write the lyrics to the song "ninja rap" (according to wikipedia).
Aww, I was hoping they mentioned Sam Rockwell was in this movie towards the end. I thought it would have been a cool easter egg if Sam was brought back in the Bay movies.
As a kid I saw the second movie first.  I was deeply confused by the tone of the first movie.
Martial Arts weapons in movies\tv were heavily censored in the UK till around the late 90s .  The Bruce Lee movies on VHS were butchered
Hey guys, I was just browsing Wikipedia, and did you know Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to the Vanilla Ice song Ninja Rap?
Short Circuit or The Last Starfighter next?
Yo big ups to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and Palladium! I LOVE Rifts by Palladium. My first roleplaying experience.
I love how people are still actively updating Frank Miller's wikipedia page for that.
And the training montage music at the farm house is my favourite tune aswell too 😅
I got high on shrooms a few months ago and watched the HD 1990 version and it was quite the trip.
I think this might be my favorite Re View they have done yet. Freddie as a guest, great depth in the convo/chemistry, and an awesome movie to boot. Awesome episode!
Street Sharks! Jawesome!
I see Freddie, I see rich, I see jay, I see original TMNT movie, I like video instantly, idgaf if they hate it or not. I loved this movie as a kid.
I really like when Freddie is on, good to have him back. I haven't seen the TMNT movie in years, might have to give it a rewatch.
No Mike = best episode
Calling this adaptation a hybrid between the Mirage Comics and the Original Cartoon Series is a Good minimal yet to the point description.
That face Raph is making at 18:08 is the greatest freakin achievement in the history of animatronics.
always great to see freddie   he seems a bit less starstruck by the ultrastar rich evans than before
That part that Mr Williams talks about at the farm is a favourite part of mine as well 🥲
Since the last time he was on Red Letter Media he looks like he’s had the exact same transformation Jordan Peele had from Key and Peele to his directing days wtf hahaha
Freddie is great in a review format
Yay! I got so excited to see Freddie Williams back. I go back and watch the episodes with him all the time, a great guest and seems like an awesome dude.
1990 TMNT movie is very underrated. Still holds up
I can't believe Space Cop inspired Batman vs TMNT. DC made The Batman over 3 hours long to make sure RLM didn't watch it and didn't come ask for royalties.
I didn't mind that in the end, Splinter just stands there, I thought it added a mystique to his character that he didn't needed to jump around and do all kind of ninja moves, just to be brutally effective. Yes now I know that there were technical limitations but back then it didn't stood off to me.
Splinter's voice at 30:14 sounds like Mike's fake Picard monologue about time and stars and love
Thanks for my favorite Christmas present of 2022 :D
Josh's Freddie Williams impression has gotten really good.
adolescent radioactive black belt hamsters
Guess it's time to make a visit to Wikipedia.
I'm with Jay about the kiddie aspects. I'm 43 but I was only 10 when this movie came out. I thought Rich was only like a year or 2 older than me. I don't remember a single fucking soul around my age who was even familiar with the comics back then. The NES game and arcade games were something my peer group was aware of, not so much the comics. I didn't really learn about those until I was like 13 and got into Image comics.
soon as I finished watching this went to check Wikipedia, glad to see that they are still correctly saying that Frank miller wrote the lyrics to "Ninja Rap".   As it's by far his finest and most memorable bit of writing, it would be stupid to leave off that credit.
1990 Tmnt is better than most of todays big dumb billion dollar budget comic book movies.
I remember seeing this in the theater when I was a kid and being shocked at the scene the turtle yells "DAMN!" I was like wow this isnt like the cartoon at all.
Saw it in the Theatre, Oroku Saki (Shredder) was badass on the big screen. All in all, the movie was better than expected.  It took awhile to talk my family all into us going to see it.
I hope we one day get a live action Last Ronin...
In one of Frank millars most controversial moments, he wrote the lyrics to the song go ninja go ninja go - Wikipedia
Gotta love getting a Domino’s ad in the middle of the video haha
damn, i didnt know frank miller ghost wrote for vanilla ice. also, i heard one of the ppl that filed one of the frivolous lawsuits was heather antos. but hers wasnt frivolous. she actually is the original creator of TMNT. and daredevil.
40:30 They missed the most obvious one, Samurai Pizza Cats.
Love the first movie it's one of the best comic book movies ever and it was a pleasure hearing from Freddie Williams dudes IDW TMNT work is 🔥🔥
Heroes in a half shell.
It's really awesome how they brought in Justin Roiland for this Re:View.
FoR tHe AlGoRiThM
Cricket, Cricket!? You gotta know where the crumpet is if you gonna play cricket
8:30 I love when Rich reminds me how hilarious he is
Perfekt timing as always… love you guys… good to see Freddy again too, he a chill bro
such a great episode! yeah i remember watching the second one on VHS and being a kid i thought it was fun, but i always confused it with the first one.
So glad that upon immediately finishing this vid I checked frank millar’s wiki and under controversy he is credited with the rap from TMNT 2 😂
39:38 annoyed dog moan, yet another classic Rich Evans sound xD
Still playing Palladium roleplaying games today!
The re:View we deserve.  I first got the TMNT comic at COSTCO back in the day... I had volume 1 and 2, which took them into Fugitoid.  When I saw the movie, I loved it because it is a very good merging of the best ideas from the comics and cartoon show. Keeps the Turtles as board, likable, characters... but still a kick ass ninja adventure.
Jay: Jim Henson worked on it Rich: before he died, right?  Me: *points and spews drink.
Not gonna lie, I saw the thumbnail and I thought it was Josh.
Loved this as a kid. I think it gave me a taste for "gritty, slightly misted,  darkly lit, covered in garbage, NY streets".
a 3 way re:view !!!
Freddie!!!! Yaiiiii
Man, it's so good to see Freddie in a setting where he doesn't have to watch absolute garbage.
Man's holding a torch for the og April O'neil.
This movie probably caused many injuries around the world. Kids with self made nunchucks going at it, without realizing the power these things have. At least that’s what we did and it’s a wonder that it was mostly smaller bruises.
showed my nephew this movie a few months ago and we were singing that opening baseline for a week and jammin out, turtle power!
Great re:View.  On a side note, I had to go and check out Frank Miller's wikipedia page... it's still there.
the 3rd one is my favorite even though the special effects are bad. i liked the plot and setting.
I sure hope that Freddie sticks around for the Holiday episode!
>checks Wikipedia  >”Frank Miller is credited with writing the lyrics to Ninja Song, preformed by Vanilla Ice” They can’t keep getting away with it
yeah it had to be before he died Rich
I met the actress who plays April at a con earlier this year. She's incredibly sweet and energetic, and she seemed to genuinely enjoy talking to fans.
Great sexy performance from my favorite movie star, Judith Hoag!  Also big rat.
Just checked Wikipedia It says:  "Miller was also credited with writing the lyrics to 'Ninja Rap', which was preformed by Vanilla Ice in the movie 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze."
That was a good re:View...And a good tidbit of information!  **Opens Wikipedia Frank Miller page...*
The scene where Splinter is talking to Raphael one on one still makes me tear up.
My only problem with this video is the photo of the ninja turtle suit that you’re showing is from part three. Not part one.
FREDDIE!!!!! Great to see him again after so many years!
30 seconds in and I love Mr Williams, what a graceful and supportive guest.
teenage mutant ninja turtles 1990 awesome movie
This is such a great discussion. I'm an old who say the original movie in theaters as a kid and had the same experience as Jay. I loved the movie, but because I was familiar with the cartoon I was confused by some differences.
I just finished watching this vedio, went to frank miller Wikipedia and its there!!!! Hahahaha
Can we get a Rich and Freddie comic review show? Thank you
I thought it was now Teenage mutant Hero turtles or some garbage like that ?!
I'm confused. So, Frank Miller did write the "Go Ninja Go" lyrics?
Oh boy, they about to see how much the algorithm LOVES ninja turtles.
Shit still holds up
Shit like this is why I love this channel
It’s insane how consistently good red letter media is.
Wow, Frank Miller is a lyrical genius!  PLASTER THIS ALL OVER WIKIPEDIA!
The farm is amazing
This is the legend that drew "This is where I watched my parents die, Raphael" interaction.
I remember going outside to fight invisible Ninjas and having a black belt in karate, after seeing this movie
I only knew the cartoon and the NES game when I was a kid and I still loved the movie.  I liked the sequel, but it may have first time I was ever frustrated with how movie productions could go.  Parents groups made it silly and copyright bullshit denied us Bebop and Rocksteady.
The best film of 1990? The best film of the 90s? The best film of the 20th century? The best film ever?  All of those questions get an emphatic YES!!! from me.
Review Andor next!
I saw this in the theater in 8th grade. Loved it!
Oh man, this was a childhood favorite.  It's hard for me to think of this movie as anything but perfect - really looking forward to hearing your thoughts.  The practical costumes were so awesome to me as a child.  The final rooftop fight is so good and serious - I wish I could go back in time and watch this as a kid for the first time.
frank miller's wikipedia page is going to explode
I never expected this video at all but as a huge, unabashed Turtles fan, Cowabunga. Great to see Freddie back, and this movie's dope.
TMNT has a weird way of pulling in people that are genuinely passionate about their art. The latest 2D series has some interesting design choices for the Turtles to differentiate them and the animation is INCREDIBLE.
Truly a horrific thumbnail.
I’ve seen this movie maybe 40+ times and I’ve NEVER noticed that fucking noid 😂😂😂 great catch
The actress that played April would not return for the other films because she did not like the violence in the first one.
That’s Mikey story woulda been awesome
That Splinter and Raphael scene is one of my favorite movie scenes of all time and probably the most underrated father/son scene in movie history. Telling him to never forget his family and that holding on to his anger will turn to an “unconquerable enemy,” I mean goodness this was in a 90’s TMNT movie 🤯
The TMNT movie came out the SAME summer as PRETTY WOMAN. Girlfriend forced me to see the latter, and we were both underwhelmed. So I made her see TMNT w/me. I'll never forget walking out of the theater with her saying "I can't believe this movie was that much better than Pretty Woman. WHY was a stupid movie about TURTLES so much better than it?!"
All that throwing weapons went mad here in UK. So it was stood on.
Damn I love these guys!
The 3rd movie was my first cinematic disappointment. I was 8 and I remember within the first few minutes just having this really bad feeling. Everything felt off and wrong.
In France, TMNTs are commonly known as "Tortues Ninja" (Ninja Turtles), no problems we the word ninja.
Jay forgets that Jim Henson was responsible for The Dark Crystal, which was grim and violent.  Classic Muppets had the occasional bits of adult-themed darkness behind the kid-friendly colors, which carried over from Henson's pre-Muppet Show work. (Heck, the second Muppet Show pilot was titled "Sex and Violence".)  And while neither necessarily that grim or violent, Labyrinth exists.
Thanks Ray and Rick and Eddie
ENGLAND is to blame for its being called Hero Turtles. They had very concerned parrents. However in Denmark me and my friends still called them Ninja Turtles because of the theme song.
Europe: same in Sweden we were making ninja weapons in woodshop-class bco turtles,  my first konsert was TMNT-live in the biggest arena in Stockholm....it was terrible, but i loved it
I checked the edit history for Frank Miller's Wikipedia page. Was not disappointed.
Ahhhhh Freddie's back
Rich's Sam's Club story.
I've always liked how the Turtles were characterized by the weapons they were given by Splinter.  Mike is the youngest and most erratic of the bunch and has to learn self discipline, so he gets a weapon that needs practice and focus so he doesn't hurt himself. Raph is emotional and aggressive, so he gets a short-range defensive weapon to keep his impulses in check. Don is the smartest, so he gets the simplest weapon, a stick, so he has to use his head to make it useful. And Leo is the leader of the group and gets the only weapon that is lethal by design, so must learn to carefully judge his actions.
i feel like the scene at the end of the movie where Casey Jones presses the compacting button on the trash truck that Shredder fell into is so dark and out of left field that it low-key traumatized me and on the rewatch i did a few months ago as a grown man I was brought back to childhood and re-experienced the trauma of it. :)
I had the old RPG as well.
Still years after first seeing the movie, literally every time someone says "nice night" I knee-jerk respond with "Pizza dude's got 30 seconds"
"You can do worms."
Hell yes. Thank you for this
About time TMNT review. I love movies and TV show. Good episode.
GOOD LORD YES!!! I needed this for my very soul
I don't know which "private signing" Freddie is talking about, but it may have been the one I was at. Funny enough, I met Kevin Eastman who was awesome, and super nice, and I had him sign my comics. The comic I had him sign? The "Shredder cloned by worms" one! His remark was "yeah, I liked that series. That one was fun."
Wow I can't believe Frank Miller wrote the Ninja Rap from TMNT2.  Learn something new every day.
Freddie is always such a delight when he's on the show.
Rich Evans seemed like he was fanboying a little for the guest.
Corey Feldmans greatest role
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."     -John 3:16 God gave us his only son Jesus Christ who Lived a sinless Life then died on the cross to endure our punishment, he rose again on the 3rd day and is currently seated at the right hand of God the Father Almighty.   We have all sinned against the Perfect and Holy God that gave us Life, we all deserve the Punishment of Hell for our sin/rebellion against him.  We have all Broken the Moral Law in our Hearts, even if you don't believe in Jesus, or have never heard of him or the Law of Moses or the Bible, you are still sinful and on your way to Hell. But the GOOD News is that Jesus Christ took our sin upon himself on the cross and shed his Blood as payment for our Sins.   He took our Punishment and gave us his reward of Eternal Life in Heaven  Jesus is returning to Judge the world soon my Friends  When Jesus Christ returns, he will take his children home, and hundreds of millions of people will disappear in a brief moment! When you see this event take place, please remember these words, and understand that the Rapture has just taken place! Please remember that the Christians tried to warn you of this coming day, and that God is real, and his name is Jesus Christ!  Please Repent and believe in his sacrifice and Love for you, believe in him as your Lord and Saviour, and you shall be saved.  "And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be." Revelation 22:12  May God Bless you all with Eternal peace and Love in Christ Jesus!  The END is truly here people! Wake up!  REPENT!
32:02 "The bag that you hit" Bit of a fart bag moment right there
Big Bad Beetleborgs is actually an Americanization of a series in the Metal Heroes franchise in Japan, which is in the same genre as Power Rangers. It's the same genre as Ultraman and Kamen Rider as well. But since Americans had no way or reason to know that in the mid 90's, we all just thought it was a Power Rangers ripoff.
Might want to check Frank Miller's Wikipedia page....
Ah yes, finally entering late 80’s baby territory. Donatello was my hero as a kid. Was a kickass turtle with a cardboard shell 4 Halloweens in a row
From Frank Miller's wikipedia page "Miller is noted for combining film noir and manga influences in his comic art creations. "I realized when I started Sin City that I found American and English comics be too wordy, too constipated, and Japanese comics to be too empty. So I was attempting to do a hybrid". Miller also wrote the lyrics to "Ninja Rap" by Vanilla Ice.[3]"
These video's always teach me something! I had no idea Frank Miller had written the lyrics to 'Go Ninja GO!' The more you know!
20:38 - Im going to have nightmares with that for now on
The main thing I remember about the 2007 movie was being shocked at the realisation that the voice of Ratchet from Ratchet and Clank 1 was talking to the voice of Ratchet from the rest of Ratchet and Clank. Also I really like emo Raphael in his dumb ninja-turtle-batman-biker outfit.
Farscape!! do Farscape!
I was just watching the night hawk ep and wondering if we’d ever see Freddy again! Wooo!!
90 TMNT hit me at just the right time. I feel bad for kids these days. (((no you can't just watch the 90's TMNT, its not the same)Yes I am gate keeping)no, I don't care)
The TMNT cartoon theme song is the best thing that Chuck Lorre has ever done.
If anyone hasn't read TMNT The Last Ronin... You need to read that comic now!!!
I was at an age where I was just on the cusp of aging out of this stuff, but I also originated with the comics, which were badass, but then the cartoon came out and it suddenly felt a lot more like a kids franchise… Especially because it was dubbed into my local language here. Overall, still cool, but I was kinda embarrassed to admit that I liked TMNT back in the day.
That Donatello face is fucking terrifying!
I watched this movie so much as a kid. But had never read the comics. It wasn't until I was an adult I got my hands on a trade paperback of the original books. I was pleasantly surprised at how close they stayed to the books. An almost perfect balance of the source material and the cartoon show that made the turtles a household name.
Still my favorite ninja turtles!
The Hero Turtles thing was only over here in the UK. At the time anything that had Ninja, weapons or fighting and targeted at kids was banned as part of the ‘video nasty’ campaign after some kids brutally murdered another small child and it was blamed on horror and king fu movies. To get around it they called them hero turtles and despite the Turtles still fighting it got past the BBFC sensors without a question 😂
I'm 'afraid' Frank Miller's wiki has been updated.
Space Worms! LOL thats how Earth Worm Jim was born!!!
Just finished the video and I suddenly have a strong urge to go to Frank Millers Wikipedia and add a paragraph how he wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song from TMNT2: The secret of the Ooze. Weird.
Checked Frank Millers wiki, it sure is on there :P
Y'all laugh but the thing with the worms was quite important for the legendary Alan Moore run on Swamp Thing.
35:21 Rich Evans is right. The character of Splinter had been tortured and starved for weeks; plus, he is old (having been exposed to mutagen in his rat middle age). He knew that even at his best he would not be a match for Shredder in an open fight (Shredder just handily beat each of the turtles), so his only option was to get him to fall off the edge somehow. That’s why he started goading Shredder and talking about his greatest shame, his rejection by and subsequent murder of Tang Shen (and Yoshi) while staying by the ledge. Splinter’s plan was always to throw him over somehow.
Great you don't forget our generation. Thank you all for spending that time for us
I know I'm not the first one to bring this up, but Barron's first movie was Electric Dreams. Basically an 80s romcom version of Her. Great soundtrack and fun visuals, if not a bit goofy.
Can't wait to watch this ReView! I just need to make some changes to wikipedia before I sit down and watch.
An enemy that has been killed and eaten by worms that bring it back to life sounds like an Elden Ring boss' second phase.
I love Freddie's work so much.
Love Palladium Books!  Such a great introduction to the idea of creating TTRPG games in so many worlds.
Judith Hoag has nice leg shots in the movie
"...scientifically accurate ninja turtles, scientifically accurate ninja turtles..."
Rich Evans loves: - His Grandma - Star Wars - That Juicy Shaq Meat - Those Space Worms
Well, you did it guys. Thanks to your note, no one edited Frank Miller's wikipedia page.
Yeah. That's all well and good, but what about Megan Fox?
Regarding the British rename. In the 1980's the conservative British government manufactured a nonsense moral panic about ninja's and ninja weapons because someone got injured with ninja stars like one time? I don't even believe the initial incident was true but it doesn't really matter, government used it as a "won't someone think of the children" scheme to create a problem that didn't exist so they could provide a solution to make it seem like they were doing something. Point being, the name and weapons change was made to get it past British censors who were on a war path back then and would happily censor/ban anything if given half a chance.
I've never seen this movie, that they include the farmhouse plot is impressive.
This movie is a damn classic
Secret of the Ooze is my favorite of the series.
PALLADIUM BOOKS RULES  I wish more people played it
This was one of my favorite films of my childhood. Also great to see Freddie back at RLM. Hopefully they were able to film a BOTW episode
Indeed, Judith Hoag is a really sweet lady. She’s a family friend of mine, I don’t know her too well but I remember her being really sweet and thinking that it was the coolest thing that my mom knew April ONeil
I remember rewatching it a few years ago, and being pleasantly surpised. It's really well paced
BOTW incoming
A classic
idk about the rest of Europe, but translated directly back from polish the title would be around: 'Combatant ninja turtles', so it is the mutant part that is lost
Finished the video. Checked Frank Miller's Wikipedia page.  Was not disappointed! 🤣🤣
A rat trying to learn karate was really stupid.
I'm here to confirm that Frank Miller's wikipedia page has indeed been updated.
“Miller (perhaps best known for his work writing the song "Go Ninja Go" of the hit 1991 film 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: Secret of the Ooze') grew up a comics fan; a letter he wrote to Marvel Comics was published in The Cat #3 (April 1973)” I love you guys
Our UK censorship overlords have a complete hate boner for anything related to Ninjas or weapons. Hence the title change from Ninja to Hero.
Say what you want but I loved "Go ninja! Go ninja! Go!"
" Miller (perhaps best known for his work writing the song "Go Ninja Go" of the hit 1991 film 'Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: Secret of the Ooze') grew up a comics fan "
That really was a great movie and probably why I always prefered dark cartoons. Splinter was a great role model for kids.
This is what we do. Do. Do. Do. This is what we do. Do. Do. Do.
Oh awesome! I love this movie. The turtles are a big part of many people's childhood's over so many generations, but the 90s movie is a special time.
Mikey is secretly the most badass turtle. Read The Last Ronin if you don't believe me.
holy fuck.. Red Letter Media was responsible for Batman vs. TMNT. Those hackfraus did it again.
I love these videos so much.  RLM is the best, never stop making videos
We all love posting joke comments, but for a change I'd like to honestly say this is probably the YouTube Channel with the most consistent quality every single week. Kudos to that!  *Insert generic Rich Evans joke*
Jesus, Rich Evans is the MVP of this group.
This is one of those movies that has retroactive nostalgia for me, like I first saw in my early 20s and I know I would’ve been obsessed with it as a kid and reminded me of the movies I loved as a kid. So whenever I watch it, it just kind of gives me a nostalgic feeling, even though I saw it later in life.
I love how often the end of these we are given a project mayhem assignment. His name is frank miller, did yo know he wrote ninja ninja rap?
Oh my God, I remember that game
I never thought the day would come :).   Thanks for doing this guys !!!!
Is that the same guy from the return of the living dead review
American Ninja re:View next?
I still quote "Cricket? Nobody understands cricket! You gotta know what a crumpet is to understand cricket!" way too often
The wiki edit wars have begun again  :D
Freddy seems like such a genuinely nice dude. Great episode!
Everyone forgets the 2003 one which adapted a ton of the stories from the Mirage comics like Leo getting beat up, going to the farm, the Triceratons, etc and added their own Flair which the 2007 borrow from.
I watched this again a few weeks back... Was surprised to see Sam Rockwell as one of Shredder's main gangsters... 🤣
Took my little brother to see this and he loves it so i have fond memories of it
The sequel was a result of Eastman and Laird having enough money to buy lots of coke.
Can't wait to see what kind of schlock Freddie will watch on BOTW.
As I Brit, I can confirm: Ninjutsu has been strictly outlawed since WWII. Anyone referring to themselves as a ninja, or possessing ninja paraphernalia is instantly deported to Japan.
This first TMNT movie is unironically my favorite movie... has absolutely no business being as good as it is
I would like to hear Rich and Fredie talk the last Ronin storyline.
TMNT 1990 was not Steve Barrons first movie. That was ELECTRIC DREAMS (1984), about a computer who comes to life and macs on his owner's girlfriend.
Alright, y'all need to do Transformers: The Movie now.
One of the best comic book moves ever made.
To reiterate: Please do not update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page to include the fact that he wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze. Freddie was just joking. Please do not do this.
If you guys think that the theme song was the best thing about the cartoon show, you *have to* listen to the German version. It's about 87% better.
Remember the rpg, it was a tough system
I couldn't think of a better lineup for this re:View.... wb Freddie!
I think TMNT is probably literally the first movie I was ever excited for (b. 1981) and I could have done a lot worse. In retrospect I think of it like how Charles Bukowski's first experience of cable television was stumbling on a showing of "Eraserhead" and forever after being disappointed that the boring reality didn't live up to his initial expectations.
I appreciate that almost 20 minutes of this video has nothing to do with the movie and is just interesting TMNT lore being told. It's honestly more entertaining.
Had the RPG as well, and like six side add-on books.
I am so happy to have Freddie back! An absolute legend gets to review one of my favorite childhood movies on my actual favorite youtube channel? Sign me up!
I haven't started the video yet and I can't decide if I'm excited or filled with dread...
I've always really loved the 2003 TMNT show. It also stuck to a lot of the comic stories while also doing its own thing from time to time.  That and the original comics are my favorite TMNT things.
love the american ninja namedrop, really fun movie. i just got it on bluray a couple weeks ago.
kino
👍👍👍👍👍👍👍🤩🤯❤️❤️❤️
Have Freddie back again please!!!! Maybe Turtles in Time on Best of the Worst
I'm amazed that they didn't mention the cigar smoking children
That movie was like my first memory of seeing a movie in a theater... I was confused by it.
FREDDIEEEE!
I’m from Sweden. I think maybe we had two versions, because I remember thinking that both ”hero” and ”ninja” were in the title, but when I sang ”Teenage mutant hero ninja turtles”, it didn’t add upp lol.
Oi the main lad Fredward
What a pleasant surprise to end my workday with! Thank you RLM and Freddie! This is giving me all the nostalgia. I haven’t seen the live action turtles movies since childhood.
One of the creators of the ninja turtles grew up in a town 15 minutes from me, north Adams MA, which has always made me proud lol
Elias Koteas as Casey Jones was great casting. Everytime I read a TMNT comic I always think of him as Casey. I think I went as him for Halloween for like 4 years straight after this movie came out!
Which of the Renaissance painters that the turtles were named after would be the best/worst crime fighter?
Yeah Freddy!
This was the first movie I was allowed to go see without my parents. Can confirm the line up was very long.
Did Freddie indirectly create the "This is where my parent's died, Raphael." meme, since he worked on the batman ninja turtles comic??
Well, guess it's time to go update Frank Miller's Wikipedia page...
Reviewing my childhood
Jay's hair is epic, and immortal.
This comic was ALSO my first TMNT comic experience and it was years after I saw the movie.
Freddie  is just such a joy :)
Great movie.
This just popped up in my YouTube and all I have to say is "FUCK YES"
wait i thought they were called the foot clan because they were shredders foot soldiers
Secret of the Ooze would have been so much better if they managed to get Bebop and Rocksteady in there
Fun fact: in the original print of the Palladium Games TMNT game you could roll a mental health issue due to trauma and become a pedophile. Very weird game.
I burnt a hole in this vhs from watching it so much
It's funny what Jay said about the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle logo having a trademark. I noticed that exact thing on the latest Predator movie "Prey". Under the title right in the movie it says "Copyright c MMXXII Twentieth Century Studios All Rights Reserved" and I thought that was super weird.
I remember my dad built me a Ninja turtle headquarters set out of wood when I was a kid.
I’m glad you talked about how Michaelangelo was robbed of his farm scenes.
Daredevils master is Stick. The turtles master is Splinter.
FINALLY
When I was a kid, I had a dream that I went down into the sewers to live with the Ninja Turtles. I was so sad when I woke up and it wasn't real..
Why you doin my boys this way with the thumbnail?
Ninja Turtles comics are to Daredevil as Ninja Turtles The Movie is to Batman 1989
I definitely wont be going to Frank Miller's page and updating it to say that he wrote the 'Go Ninja, Go' song
I can't believe it! I never knew Frank Miller wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap", performed by Vanilla Ice, in the film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze!
In a world of meh celebrity cameos, how great is it to instead see an RLM notification and get to say “hey, awesome, __________ is back!”
Freddie's back! He was an excellent guest, I will never forget Cybernator.
26:10 Normal rats live about 3 years, while normal turtles can easily live 30 years. Even if the mutagen extended their lives tenfold, Splinter knew they would far outlive him one way or another and he was trying to prepare them.
Welcome back Freddie Williams, it's great to see him again!
I remember when you could pick up the latest comics at the gas station
I have the first 3 TMNT movies on Blu-Ray and the case is in the style of a pizza box.
TMNT is one of my earliest theater memories. It was equal parts magical and creepy.
“I want those juicy space worms.” - Rich Evans, probably
It’s crazy y’all like the farm scenes. When I was a kid I always thought they were so boring
I'm so happy you mentioned the scene where you can see the actor's face in Donatello's mouth that's my favorite thing from this movie.
Speaking of the Jim Henson company, I would LOVE a re:view of Farscape. That show is so much better than people give it credit for.
Went straight to Frank Millers Wikipedia page.😄
Put one on the board for bringing up the Rambo cartoon.
Freddie is the best "newer" ninja turtles artist, I'd love the TMNT universe style turtles as NECA figures, the designs fuse everything I love from all regions of tmnt into one definitive look. Side note as a kid I always thought movie 2 could've been either an utrom story (after seeing T2) or a movie with Rat King as the main villain, like in tales of the tmnt.
TMNT and other Strangeness! God I loved that system. I still have those RPG Books
brb I'm just gonna pop over to wikipedia to do some.... updating.
I LOVE FREDDIEEEE, so happy hes back :)))
In Othello, Orson Welles dubs a number of the side characters including Roderigo. At least Rich never appeared in blackface.
Pretty hazy memory but I think there was some kind of tabloid scare around ninjas and specifically the idea of kids making home made nunchucks in the UK hence the name change to 'hero turtles'. They also edited out some of the scenes showing nunchucks in the show meaning it looked like Micaelangelo didn't really get involved in the fights. The idea we had a tabloid ninja scare seems out there but I'm pretty sure this happened!
Anybody remember the TMNT 2003 cartoon
I never realized Jim Henson's company did the first couple films... which in hindsight makes a lot of sense considering how great the animatronics were in this movie. Makes even more sense considering how abysmal the animatronics were in the third film.
I still love this movie today. How appropriate, is it, the first ad I get, was a pizza commercial?
jim henson actually didn't like the ninja turtles. But he was into the challenge creating suits that could do stunt work.
I remember every pizza after seeing that movie was disappointing
Still one of the best CBMs of all time. Ill take it over whatever DC and Marvel crap out any day. Go Ninja!!! Go Ninja!!! Go!!!
Bombing wikipedia pages with fake or stupid info used to be a big thing when wikipedia first became big. Its how I learned that Snakes have wings which they use to fly into space to play with god.
Always appreciate Williams coming...  around. He's a talented man and great inspiration.
oh my god Palladium games, such a nostalgic, and interesting RP system
I had some foam num-chuks and tree branches were the other weapons. we beat the hell out of each other!
TURN ON CLOSED CAPTIONING YOU DAMN COWARDS
The role playing game was also my first experience of TMNT as well. Good to know I wasn't the only one!! :D
It has been the first movie I've seen in cinema. I must have  been just few years old, and reportedly ran away crying. What do you know....
Wow. After watching th whole thing. I feel i have more knowledge on ninja turtles and convinced me to give the first and second tmnt movie a try.
I don't think Jim Henson gets enough credit for this movie, not so much because of how great his practical effects were, but also the tone of the movie. Nothing he did was ever close to the tone of the Turtle sequels. Dark crystal, labyrinth were all dark in their own way in spite of being children's movies.
Did no one tell Rich they were filming that day or is that his only TMMT shirt?
I feel like Raphael is easily the best character in the 1990 film.  I never get tired of this movie. It’s easily the best TMNT film.
OMG OMG OMG IM WATCHING THIS WHILE PLAYING SHREDDERS REVENGE!!!!!! /s Turtles in Time was a masterpiece as well they did them both right drawing from the comics
RLM paid nearly $5 for that splat sound effect, and by god, they're going to get their money's worth.
This movie is INCREDIBLE man
The RedLetterMedia gang didn't bring in James Rolfe and Phelous Porteous to talk about it! Talk about the crossover of the decade:):) New Line Cinema is the house that the Turtles fight to defend, and it's way too bad that this movie didn't start a live-action series in the early 90s! They could've even transitioned from the cartoon world to the movie world as part of the story...then if Judith Hoag didn't want to come back, they could go ahead and recast April who would wear the dang jumpsuit;)
Please please for the love of god they need to make a live action tv series geared towards adults and grounded in reality. Bring back the turtle suits for the actors and use those weapons!
I went to hit the thumbs up button but hit the thumbs DOWN button on accident and YouTube said "we've shared your response with the creator" and I hope you guys don't shut down your whole studio because I accidentally clicked on the WRONG THUMB BUTTON BY ACCIDENT.
That third movie is a disaster, even as a kid while I watched it and was entertained, my brain still noticed all the weird things like the mouths not being quite right and the costumes looking weird.    Still though, for the second movie? I really liked that one as a kid, but I mean, duh, it was made for kids lol.  It was probably my "favorite movie" according to my mom when I was young (3-5yrs old).    First one I don't remember nearly as well as the other two because I don't think i got to watch it as a kid.
In France they did not gave a shit about ninja, but also about kid shows, and they just called it "Tortues Ninja". I mean... TMNT was shown along side hokuto no ken and DB.
Great Britain - they censored the Ninja part and Nunchucks overall. They even removed some parts from the movie as far as I remember. In Germany, it was basically the direct American version just translated.
Wait, are we not going to acknowledge the epic greatness of the TMNT end credits song? Seriously.
The scene with Raph and Splinter always gets me choked up. I'm glad Freddie mentioned this connection. This movie is SO under rated and a great example of how great practical effects can be.
Very nice very cool
the underground arcade area always looked so cool to me back in the day, and that music that plays "THIS IS WHAT WE DO"
Always great to see Freddie!
The final scene between Splinter and Shredder is one of the best written final villain scenes I've ever seen. The turtles getting their asses handed to them. Splinter leveraging Shredders rage against him, aikido style. The Shredder risking death so long as he kills Splinter in the process.  And Splinters calmness through the whole thing. It all still gives me goosebumps. The reasons the other Turtles movies weren't as good was because Splinter wasn't incorporated as well.
omw to Frank Millers wikipedia ...
wtf? Hero turtles??? I live in norway, and they were always called ninja turtles here. Weird, but glad I got the original name. Them being ninjas was a huge part of the appeal for me as a kid.
yessss ive been waiting for them to talk about this movie.
Let's all give a big hand  to Frank Miller for writing the Ninja Rap.
It's been a minute since a special guest host.  Glad to see Freddie back.
And thank you SO MUCH for haunting my dreams, JPEG.
fun fact he was the artist for the Batman TMNT crossover in case they didn't cover that
In Denmark its Ninja, Ive never heard about the Hero replacement
WHITE LOTUS BABYYYY
When I was a kid Casey Jones from this movie was the epitome of cool. I wanted to literally be him. Now, as a 34 year old man I see he is a dirty, homeless man with a few mental disorders. Funny how time changes your perspective on things. 😂  Also, this VHS stayed in my family's VCR from about 1994 to 1996. I havent started watching your "Re:view" yet, but I am SO excited. Edit: Surprised you didn't talk about the wrap around camera scene, with that haunting Raphael yell. I havent seen this movie in at least 10 years, and once in 20 years and I still think about that scene maybe once or twice a month.
The animated turtles used their weapons all the time... But the concession was that everything was robots (Mousers and most of the Foot Clan), or extradimensional clay aliens.  Battletoads are also parody not rip-off.  As for the subject matter, I'm always torn in how to gauge the original Animated series, and the first two movies.  It's complicated. They are all charming and enjoyable and really good, but with weird flaws that always stuck out to me. The third movie was terrible though, it did indeed show up in theatres, and I paid money to see it, and it was soooooooooooo bad.
I fell in love with TMNT because of the 1990 movie! I had it on VHS and loved when the 2003 cartoon followed in that very same tone.
That thumbnail 😂😂😂
Damn those old turtles look so much better than CGI ones!
Freddie, Len & The Canadians are awesome guests. More!
That cab driver is a local and a customer where I work. We have him say the line all the time!
I, too, was first exposed to TMNT via the Palladium RPG. I still have a very soft spot for its post apocalyptic expansion "After The Bomb" and its Road Warrior inspired follow up "Road Hogs". Imagine seeing a fat mutant raccoon mechanic driving a beat up Krispy Kreme van and a shotgun-toting German shepherd wasteland cop driving a 68 Chevelle Malibu with a .50 cal mounted on the roof. Good times.
COWABUNGA!
Just started watching. What's crazy about TMNT is that it actually has a heart. The campfire scene where Splinter appears in spectral form and tells them he loves them and tells them goodbye, is a good example of writing proper dialogue.
The time has finally come for three middle aged men to talk about a children's franchise.  M'erica F- Yeah!
In regards to the change from 'Ninjas to 'Hero's is due to the UK having a Ninja craze at the time, leading to several cases of children taking nunchuks and throwing stars to school and shit. ..they were losing their shit about nunchuks in particular (I forget why?)
You know.. I was just thinking yesterday. Haven't seen that freddie guy in a while.
That worm idea is also used by Alan Moore in his run on Swampthing.
First we had "Fart bag" now we have "the bag that you punch".
I used to play the TMNT RPG as well. It was VERY much related to the comics.
You guys have no idea how excited I was to see this in my subscriptions. The TMNT are what made me want to be a comic artist as a kid, and this movie is a huge part of that. Plus, Freddie coming back is always rad.
Fun fact: At 42:02 Splinter's response to April in the second film is actually the ooze the movie is about.
Finally reviewing a decent film
Finally, something no one cares about.
i thought i was the only human left on the planet that remembered that Shredder was returned by worms in the comics.  good on ya guys for making mention of it!!!
Nostalgia overload, great stuff! 🌝👍
I had just started work for a major retailer in Australia at the time . On the day the action figures were released , we had people lined up (cramed) 20 deep at the front doors before the store opened.  I was up a ladder hanging promotional material when doors went up . The resultant sea of humanity saw me and the ladder swept half way to the toy department . In my subsequent long retail career I never again saw anything like it .
But you SHOULD change the Wikipedia article for Freddie Williams to state that he wrote the lyrics to Go Ninja Go. (Please do not do this.)
IT WAS MAGGIE THATCHER THE MILK SNATCHER
fucking hell these videos feel short... i could watch 7 hours of them talking...
🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇷
One of my favorite childhood memories. Watched all of the episodes of the original series and the live-action films. I was 11
We should not return to updating Frank Miller's Wikipedia page to include the fact that he wrote the lyrics to the "Ninja Rap" song as seen in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: The Secret of the Ooze, got it.
I'm so ready for a best of the worst Christmas
I really like Freddie a lot. He knows his shit! The first movie is legendary. It's just... a great film, really. It's funny, fun, entertaining, action packed, heartwarming and pretty dark! Casey Jones' "OOPS!" at the end gets me every friggin' time. God, that movie rules so hard. Thanks for covering it, guys! Edit: Holy shit, that Space Cop sketch is fucking awesome!
Raphael and Casey Jones are so badass in this movie!
Welcome back, Freddie!
I love this movie. I kind of want them to bring back Judith Hoag in a Last Ronin adaptation.
BRB off to Wikipedia to say that Vanilla Ice wrote "All Star Batman and Robin".
Well that reminds me I really need to frame and hang the Horse Ninja print I got years back.
Excellent episode guys!
Please invite Mary Applehoff if she's still alive next time you talk about spaceworms
I can explain why they retitled the show as "Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles" over in Europe. In Britain, the Tories (The Conservatives for any of ye across the pond) cracked down on violence in children's entertainment. So weapons like Nunchucks were removed as well as "Ninja" being replaced with "Hero".   Funny enough, the film kept the "Ninja" word in the title, but scenes were re-edited to cut down on Michelangelo using his signature weapons. Hell, for the sequel, they wanted Michelangelo swinging the sausage Nunchucks to be cut down. The BBFC (British Board of Film Classification) said this in their note:  _"After turtle takes down sausages and uses them as a flail. Reduce to minimum dazzling display of swinging sausages indistinguishable from chainsticks."_  - Some gobshite censor at the BBFC.  Come 2003, the new show just kept it as "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", with no cuts or edits whatsoever. So what have we learned from these edits? Margeret Thatcher and her MPs should stay away from Parliament.
There is also a kind of Beebop/Rocksteady transformation in the Daredevil comic books (I don't know if they have the same names in English, in french the rhino and his friend are called Bebop and Rocksteady). To make a long story short in a Daredevil issue there is an antagonist getting an injection by a genetics scientist who works on animal strengh, and it turns the guy into some sort of Minotaure because it has bull's DNA in it. And he's visually very close to the two anthropomorphic sidekicks in TMNT.
I gotta say to anyone who's a fan of the turtles to check out the new Rise of TMNT cartoon. It has some real heart to it and some of the best action I've seen in a cartoon since Avatar. There is also a really obvious influence from anime studios like GAINAX and TRIGGER and the particular animation styles of Hiroyuki Imashi. I can't say I regreted it and it's definetly a great addition to the turtles canon.  Also it has John Cena singing "Modern Major General".
With those glasses, I have to say it... Is Freddie replacing Josh?   (I genuinely thought it was when I saw the thumbnail and I thought, "Wait, why would they get Josh and not Freddie?" Now, I realize I'm an idiot. 😂)
This movie is the only TMNT related thing I watched and I still love it.
Freddie is a super talented artist, that drawing on the release form is awesome
Splinter sploodge made me laugh so hard. Cumming... SPLAT! The secret of the Ooze has finally been solved!
Oh man, this one actually WAS the best possible Re:View it could be. I was laughing my turtle shell off.
De puta madre!
Does anyone remember the cartoon called "Street Sharks?" It was a pretty good TMNT ripoff. I had a lot of TMNT toys and a lot of Street Sharks toys too. My cousin had the TMNT van. I was very jealous.
I didn't realize that Frank Miller wrote the song Go Ninia Go, thanks for the facts RLM!
A new RLM video always brightens my day. Love all you frauds <3. Good to see you back too, Freddy.
21:50, it was just Germany ruining it for the rest of Europe. Ninja sounded to aggressive there and the creators wanted to treat Europe as one single market.
For whatever reason I've been thinking of this movie a bit lately. I suppose mostly because I don't care for a lot of the CGI stuff out there and love the time and care it took to create the puppets. Henson was a treasure.
The recent IDW comics are also GREAT. A perfect blend of seriousness and humor like this movie was. Glad you guys did this movie. Watched it at least a solid 75 times as a kid
"This is where I watched my parents die, Rafael."
I first heard of it from the RPG too.
No mention of Sam Rockwell being in the movie?
Glad to see Rich back in this and the last vid...I was worried about him.
Just got back from Frank Miller's wikipedia page and saw this new re:View had dropped.
The first Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles movie is absolutely priceless.  They nailed it.  Lighting in a bottle.  What's interesting to me is just how much work that movie did to elevate the Ninja Turtle franchise.  It made TMNT feel like it had interesting stories to tell.  As a kid who only watched the cartoons, seeing that first TMNT movie made me take the cartoon more seriously for much longer than I would have otherwise.  I can't praise it enough.
I can relate to Rich's Sam's club story actually. I bought a lot of old and/or terrible video games in saran wrapped 2 packs.
This is a wildly informative re:View. It's like a mini oral history document.
Hmmm. I feel a sudden urge to update Frank Millers Wikipedia page……..
In the UK there was a moral panic about the "ninja" weapons like nunchuks and stuff so that's why they had to be "Hero" turtles over here
40:33 pick up the phones people, it's time to ask about BattleToads again.
I was 5 I think when this came out? I watched the cartoons some, but I think I actually read turtles books (yes books) quite a bit as well. In fact it was one of the things that pushed me to learn to read very early. But anyway, when this movie came out, all I can remember is that I thought it was absolutely awesome. And I think I LIKED that it was a bit darker, and it felt far more real to me, even at 5 or 6, than the cartoons had.  Then again, Gremlins was also one of my favorite movie series and I thought it was just hilarious. Not scary at all. And I think the 1985 Legend was my favorite movie at the time, which is pretty damn dark. Don't judge, I was 5 lol.
Big Bad Bettleborgs was produced by Saban, the same company as Power Rangers, presumably because they already had a relationship with Toei who produced both Sentai and Metal Heroes. So, it wasn't a ripoff so much as just a series made in the same trend. It's as much a Power Rangers ripoff as Power Rangers is an Ultraman ripoff.
Yay
I like turtles
20:38
"I.. play... right field, it's important you know! You gotta learn how to catch, you gotta learn how to throw..."
17:37 he’s out of his damned mind. Having splinter be a mutated rat is way more consistent than him being a mutated human. The explanation for him knowing ninjitsu is that the mutagen enhances mental abilities as well, so when he was a pet he just watched his Master Yoshi. Then when he was exposed to the mutagen, he was able to access those memories. Also, that was the last time he was happy, so he places an outsized significance on both that time I his life, and Shredder coming in and messing it up.   By the way the prequel I want to see is how Splinter made it from Japan to NYC, Watership Down style.
i have fond memories of the third movie. i should watch it as an adult and see how it holds up
I just found out Chris Meloni was Casey Jones.
As kid in the 80s in Europe: Your parents won’t let you see violent stuff on TV in general. Exposing kids to graphic violence still is frowned upon - violence is the same as sex… not a topic for kids. There was no GI Joe, Rambo or other US military type of cartoons on TV here. We got captain planet, Brave Star, He Man etc. and of course a lot of domestic stuff. I recall the TMNT being controversial because they featured “actual” weapons, instead of fantasy versions of them. But generally kids toys were not supposed to wield weapons back jn the 80s. In the 90s and 00s I think Japanese shows brought in more violent themes via Dragon Ball Z and the various shows that followed here on after.
I had this movie on vhs. It was recorded onto a black spine. I remember at the end it kind of made it look like there was gonna be a second one. Loved this movie.
oh, Freddie is most likely the Xmas episode guest.
Yes Rich, Jim Henson did work on this movie BEFORE he died. It's usually hard to hire people for projects afterwards.
One of the few perfect movies. Cowabunga, dudes 🤙
What does Splinter do on the roof?
We had sheet music for the theme song in  elementary school band. This was 91 or 92. Crazy how big they got.
TMNT 1990 is such a perfect amalgamation of the comics and the cartoon that it is still the quintessential version of the Turtles to this day. It's the version that all fans can enjoy, and that still holds up to this day.
I’ve met Freddie a few times at comic conventions, one of the nicest and genuine guys I’ve ever met. Happy to see him on!
I love this movie
I have a kid... I listen to "splish splash  Elmo took a little bath" almost every day... I just found out thats the same guy that did the voice of Splinter in Tmnt... I have just come full circle with my childhood..
I love it when they have niche guests on who not many people have ever heard of. Please more of Rich evans in the future!
COWABUNGA!
Yes! I've been waiting for this Re: View ever since Freddie told me about it back in June at Fan Expo Dallas
That ain’t Mike 🤔
Jesus Christ, how tall is Freddie Williams? Jay looks like a toy figurine next to him.
Cant say how awesome this is, even though I just did.
Mike really cleaned himself for this re:View, good for him.
Teenage mutant watch andor ninja turtles
you know its funny how the censored version of the movie, that I watched as a kid, actually improves certain scenes, imo.  for example, the scene when splinter throws shredder off the roof, in the censored version splinter just sidesteps him and shredder falls off with no further dialouge, which in my eyes actually works better, because it looks like shredder just defeated himself through his blinding rage, and splinter was being calm and collected.  a great callback to the scene much earlier with raphael, when splinter tells him to not have his rage get the better of him.  and I think it works better because it doesnt look like splinter is consciously killing shredder, but really shredder is just killing himself because he's blinded by his rage.  also they cut out 1 or 2 of the worst jokes, so wasnt happy about hearing those when I watched the uncensored version, but sadly they kept the "claustrophobia" joke in there, which is pretty cringey, homophobia.
When you talk about 1990 TMNT, you have to admit that it is "Better Than It Has Any Right To Be". Despite silly premise it really has tight story with emotions, actions and drama.
Yo dissecting the fight with splinter killed me, and now how I view that sequence now
From the uk. Its a myth. It was called Hero on TV but only for so long, any video, t shirt, or toy, was from the usa and has mutant and ninja on. The workd Ninja is not...banned...lol XD
This movie is shot like the Tim burton Batman movie.
I'd love to watch you guys re:view "The Frighteners". It would go well with all your Ghostbusters viewings.
The third movie was the first movie I saw in theaters. My mom wanted to strangle me...
On the topic of 80s martial arts movies, I would love to see a ReView on Enter the Dragon. Also, it’s great to see Freddie Williams back!
Freddie really should be on more! I'd love that! Fits in so well. Also the missing cute teddybear in the ensemble.
If Redletter Media don't all agree that this film is a masterpiece in this vid, I'm unsubbing...
Wrong gang, this is THE greatest review of the TMNT (1990) film
OHHHHHH MY GODDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD  TMNT is life. I am so excited to watch this. I don't have memories from a time before I was a TMNT fan. I saw the first film when I was 4, but the first movie I remember seeing in theatres was Secret of the Ooze.  This first film was so much more than a kid's movie imo.
I loved the comics as a kid and actually remember crying when the Mighty Mutanimals died fighting Pestilence, Famine, War and Death. That comic really went hardcore for the time and has some despicable villains other than shredder.  That bald guy with horns who always had a cigar, I forget his name.
Random trivia: in the original spanish dub they translated the final "COWABUNGA" to "MOTHER F**KING GOOD", which really made me think the Turtles were an rated R property for the longest time as a kid.
Now this is radical. We got Freddie in the warehouse and my favorite kids movie growing up(besides the Magic School bus Film of course). Cant wait to wrap my arm around my girl Tiffany and chillax on the couch to this.
I saw this movie opening night with my dad.  I knew nothing about it, just that I loved the cartoon.  I was freaked out by my first live action movie.  However, April did give me a boner in the theater.
I can't even describe how fast I clicked this when I saw Freddie in the thumbnail.
This movie is one the the best comic movies ever.
47 minutes of a TMNT re:view, it's as if all my name days have come at once!
Green lovers come rescue me from these hacks.
Impressive that Josh can also draw, good for him
HA! My first turtles comic was that issue with the worms! Shredder comes back and I didn’t even know he had died 😂
Here in France they're just called "Tortues ninja" (Turtle Ninjas). Don't know why they're called differently in England
This movie came out the day before I was born, and has been my favourite film for as long as I remember.
That Mikey on the roof scene always confused the hell on me
Weird fact: the german version is more kid friendly because they added way more quirky sound effects/micky mousing to all the action sequences which gives the whole movie a completely different feeling. They replaced every natural punching sound with some cartoon effect. Every single one.  It took me all the years to the age of DVD when I could watch the movie in english and realize that its a totally different tone.  Seeing them fight without doorbell ringing, coo coo clocks, cymbals or gong sounds for the first time was brilliant!  If you want a good comparison look up "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990): Street Fight (German Audio)" here on youtube, you can find the english version easily aswell ( Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990) "Turtles vs Foot Clan" )
If y'all want some more awesome insight into the turtles franchise then go watch the episode of the toys that made us on Netflix about the Ninja Turtle toys it's really cool and goes through the entire history.
Josh looks great.
This entire re:View made me feel like I was watching an alternate dimension Jack Black where he was a comic guy instead of music!
Planaria Worms...I only know this because Alan Moore used this same idea for his Swamp Thing run. Eastman and Laird must have read that.
Can't believe Freddie was in BoTW #7. Could've sworn he was in #14 forward
yes yes yes! still dying for a howard the duck reView this is probably better
My dad took me to see this in theaters when it came out. I was a kid and remember how dark it was and violent. Not like the cartoon lolz.
This is such a great episode. I'm just gonna rewatch it right away.
In Europe, there was a fear that the word "ninja" would inspire young kids to violence; hence the name change. There were plenty of films released for adults (such as American Ninja) with the word.
Thanks for this, guys. Really, genuinely appreciate this one. I legit wanted to be a Ninja Turtle when I grew up. I meant it too. Raphael all the way!
Turtle Power!  *is something that we could now do with as regular power is so fucking expensive*
21:50 No it is not. At least not in Scandinavia(Norway, Denmark, Findland, Sweden...ect.) Nor in Germany, Austria or the other Germanic countries. We have the full song at the opening going: Teenage mutant Ninja Turtles.
Finally you’re reviewing the best Michael Bay movie to date!
Freddie, having a real "fart bag" moment with the bag-that-you-punch.
Week 9 of asking for a Best of the Worst: V/H/S series. I will never give up.
The first TMNT is a really good movie.
COMBAT COLD CUTS HAAAA
Glad the RPG game got brought up. When the cartoon first started I, as a child, was desperate for any Turtles related material I could get. I ran across the game and modules at my mall's Waldenbooks. Just flipping through the book I had no idea what an RPG even was, but seeing that imagery I just had to take the books home. I would recommend anyone into Turtles or RPGs to pick it up. Some things, like the image of the Terror Bears, have stuck with me for decades because the art is just that great. The game really opened up that world to me as a child and was my bridge to the collected graphic novels of the comics that were available then.   TMNT was a great introduction to other properties as well, like Usagi Yojimbo and Cerebus. Kevin Eastman was so very influential to comics outside of creating TMNT. Eastman took his money and started Tundra Press, which took huge chances on some wildly inventive books that would have never been printed otherwise, not to mention the direct grants he gave to many creators for years until the money started drying up. The man literally "squandered" the majority of the early TMNT fortune he made on trying to help other creators make their dreams come to life. That is the most respectable thing I could imagine. Eastman wasn't satisfied rolling around in his collected wealth, he tried to raise the whole industry up through supporting the most important figures in comics, the writers and artists.
Yeahhhhh I'm here 37 minutes later hahhaaha.. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Very cool!
Despite its flaws I have a soft spot for Secret of the Ooze, it just has the right amount of 90s cheese.   The third one however was just flat out bad.
20:40 nightmare fuel
Love this movie so much. Thanks for the re:view.
One of the og "gritty" and "realistic" superhero/comic book movie adaptations (despite how goofy it is at times). That final shredder fight is so well done. Such a great movie
Of all the guests over the years, I think I've missed Rich Evans the most. So happy to see him return!
Eugh, that thumbnail is nightmare inducing. It's like Donnie got infected by a zombie and is looking at the camera to say "Tonight, we dine on human soup, dudes!"
The Ninja vs Hero difference stems from exporting it to the UK. The British market wanted a less violent version and that version turned into the one the rest of Europe got.
Didn't realise this was the guy behind the  "This is where my parents died Leonardo" "That's rough buddy" memes lmao
I just watched this randomly two nights ago. Clearly these hack frauds are spying on me!
hmmm4_4 Goood show kinda nice
"When I was really little, I had He-Men" and now, he has California Big Hunks.
This and '89 Batman were some of my favorite movies as a kid and still are to this day. Please be gentle with my childhood.
As a kid I remember seeing a panel where I think Leonardo cuts Shredders hand off and worms are coming out and one of the turles said something like "What the F*** are these things!?"  I am amazed I remember that random piece of knowledge lol
Hi... why did god make the writers at DC make superman's son gay?
TMNT 2: Wormania!
As a kid in the early 90s, I memorized everything in the VHS of the first 2 TMNT movies, down to the commercials and trailers. Those flicks are burned into my brain, and I think I'm a happier person for it.
The Triumphant return of Freddie after all these years!!!!
The shredder return worm explanation reminds me to Alan Moore's take on swamp thing.
It was called Ninja here in Denmark . Wasn't it in asia where they couldn't call it ninja? Japan maybe
FREDDIE! We love Freddie! So glad to see him back!
yeh yeh neeerds. just get your people to talk to the other people? already. And like: so i can ask someone "do you believe in arranged married people?" and i can follow that by "me neither" and wait for like 1 or 2 moths till i get a taste of it? yeh, pls.
Freddie is the best. So humble and one of the best artists. So excited to see him back again.
Can we have a Red Letter Media and Comedy Bang Bang crossover. RLM and CBB Talk TMNT
Is this a subtle dig at Mbappe before his match tomorrow?
Ninja was seen as too violent in the UK hence the name change. They even changed the theme, including on the arcade game
I saw it in theaters at 10 years old and thought it was amazing and I saw it last year as a 41 year old and thought the same. This movie is excellent and, unlike me, aged incredibly well.
oh god. That image of Donatello laughing will haunt me until the day I die
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Worm Odyssey. Make this movie happen
Oh sweet Feddies back!
a great video
When I was a kid, I got sick and my mom bought me this movie. Raph yelled Damn and I thought I was going to get  in trouble.
Pizza Dudes Got 30 Seconds! 🍕🫵🤓
Unironically this movie is my Star Wars.
Rich Evans is cool but rude.
It's so funny looking at the scenario where Leo gets beat by the Foot Clan cause they would end up recreating that situation with the clan beating him up and Shredder putting him in a coma in the 2012 version. That would be my introduction to the turtles and despite being Nickelodeon it got surprisingly dark in some aspects
Cowabunga, my dudes.
An Abel Ferrara film for kids
Dude looks like Rich from another timeline.
for the past 2 weeks I was being heavily recommended the old Best of the Worst with Freddie  man sometimes theYT algorithm just gives me the willys lol
So happy to see Rich Evans back.  This should be one to remember.
I still got a photo of me dressed as a Ninja Turtle for my kindergarten Halloween event. One of the few photos i still got from a kid cause i look totally bad ass in it. I was of course Raphael.
Awesome, looks like Freddie is gonna be in the Christmas BOTW episode
WORMS
Welcome back Freddie.
I was wondering when Freddie was coming back recently, what good timing
the CGI of the TMNT is amazing
Hurray Freddie! Charming and likeable guy
I got a space worm in my Shredder...
TMNT (1990) is, to this day, the best comic book adaption ever made.
The TMNT RPG's art is all done by the comic book artists. If only it wasn't the total garbage Palladium system. Even with that I still played it, and still have it.
the Making of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990) RLM's Re:view  When?
Honestly, Splinter as a pre-mutation rat practicing Yoshi's moves is one of my all time favorite movie moments. It hits the perfect tone of goofy and awesome!
Really funny, just saw the BOTW with him and everyone wanted him to come back in the comments.
Jay is spot-on about the post-production sound effects and music. There was a push by the studio before release to lighten the tone a bit. Can't remember where I heard it, but I clearly remember the story.  Also, the change to make them "hero" turtles in the UK was limited to the cartoon. The movie was still Ninja turtles, but it was rated 12, because it was deemed too violent for young kids.
TMNT07 was great because it was a sequel to the original trilogy.
I believe the replacement of Ninja with Hero is a UK specific thing, where at the time they were cracking down on bad/violent language on TV - I think it's directly related to the Video Nasties phenomenon The countries in Europe that then have it as Hero Turtles have it that way because they imported it from the UK rather than the US
I always wondered what the turtles looked like without headbands. Interesting to learn that they actually have no eyes, and the eyes are just painted on the headbands.
Josh's stunt double was the most famous person who called back.
Swedish person her: Yes the word ninja was the problem do to news debats around kids making homade "ninja"-weapon. Outer media got efekted to for exampel the NES game Ninja Scroll, be calld Shadow Warriors
I also remember the worms
Holy shit thank you. This is one of my favorite movies
Finally!
Knowing Freddy drew the famous “This is where my parents died Raphael” blows my mind.
As a younger viewer, I'm so glad that not only did the 2012 Nickelodeon show get a mention, but Freddie Williams said it was a good series.
Dimension X Space Worms. I’m saying it, and thinking of it, I’m surprised they didn’t say it.
Awesome
What goes around comes around was good but when you want to talk about hit you in the fields the last Ronin is pretty hard to beat
15:41 Even the 3d animated series got surprisingly dark sometimes for Nickelodeon standards.
Holy hell I am this early and can closely relate to the topic because I have a really old TMNT comic as well, when they all still had red headbands, and it still is my most favorite comic I own
This was an oddly formative movie for me in childhood. Glad to see a re:View on it!
I'm English and I knew they were called ninja turtles and that he used nun chucks. It's like a mandella effect to us
First Dracula now this. You guys are ReViewing my fantasy list! If you do Terry Gilliam's Brazil or 12 Monkeys, you're spying on me and I want back pay
I played all the NES games so many times
This movie meant the world to us back in 1990. Still the best TMNT movie ever made.
Don’t know why, but would love to see a crossover with The Toxic Avenger and Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
Freddie's back! My favourite guest star!
I was scared you guys got lost at the local Costco
Yay Freddie is back! (I wonder if that means he’ll be in the Christmas BOTW…)
Yay Freddie is back!!
i hope these guys do The invisable maniac i just watched it last night it was amazing lol it would be a good best of the worst show
I was a bit of of a TMNT fan. I lived in the no where town of no where. But one of my Aunties was doing some bollox in NewYork. The Turtle dolls were still not available.
I love that they covered this and am so excited to watch. Corny as it may sound, there's something great in this movie that seems so timely now - the disparity between young men who have guidance and those who don't. Never really thought about it until I rewatched it relatively recently.
Freddie is back, NIICE!!! Really missed him on the channel
Here at 19,586 views.
Freddie is neither late nor early...
I think Rich Evans is in contention with David Lynch, Jerma and Akira Kurosawa for favorite human being
Rieview Andor already!!
So is Teenager Mutant Ninja Turtles technically a comic book movie?
Yessssss this movie is sooo godlike it truly holds up me and my brother still quote it
Holy shit its Freddie it's been 10000 years
Hopefully I haven't missed someone else commenting on this, but I feel like the "worms retaining (genetic) information" thing might be a reference to the first chapter or two of Alan Moore's run on Swamp Thing, where Woodrue mentions planarian worms allegedly being able to do something like this, and relating it to Swamp Thing's retention of his human identity.
I had to double check that this wasn't a notification from AVGN.
I love this review!
As a kid I always liked the 2nd and 3rd movie more because it was so goofy and bright. I remember thinking the first movie was just dark and not AS fun as the others. These movies were my introduction to the turtles and I’ve been in love ever since lol
Great to see Freddie back on!!!
So....no Andor Review?
Wasn't Michelangelo wearing a Mikey head a thing in the 2007 movie? Maybe they did it more than once.
As a kid, I got to watch this movie on opening night. The theater was sold out, and the line for tickets went down the street for 2 blocks. The anticipation for the film was astounding, and I loved watching it. Unforgettable!
I loved the RPG. That was the first time I'd ever heard of them. I had no idea there was a comic. BTW There was a definite thing in the UK about nunchuks around this time and they were cut out of loads of martial arts films. Something to do with kids copying them.
This is fucking awesome for "Re: View" and Freddie Williams is the man.
Just when you think Rich can't get any cooler, he proves his worth with knowledge of space worm Shredder clones.
YES!! my Manchildhood dream!
Cricket?! Nobody understands cricket. You gotta know what a crumpet is to understand cricket
The super shredder was played by pro wrestler Kevin Nash
I was not expecting this of all movies.
I wish Casey Jones would fix my swingchair.
This is a great christmas video! Thanks RLM crew and Freddie!
Freddie’s back! Okay we have to get a Freddie illustrated Space Cop comic, crowd fund that shit boys! 45:37
Finally something good.
Kevin Siembieda, great stuff. Well till you get to RIFTs World Book: 203...
Oh god that thumbnail 😨🤣 !
I literally rewatched Freddie’s first best of the worst not too long ago, and I thought about how I missed guests like him and Len. Glad to see you back!
I have the core book for the tmnt ttrpg by palladium books. I just to have most the collection but they got lost during a move
My personal favorite comic book movie.
They added a third chair! It broke new ground!
I still have all the TMNT RPG books as well as the majority of the comics.
LOVE YOU GUYS!
"The time has finally come for three middle aged men to talk about a children's franchise." Looks up Freddie's age: WHERE the hell did 8 years fly away?
This is still one of my all time favorite movies. They got it all right the first time. Family, brotherhood, great suit acting, great voice acting, great script.
Is that a turtle in a treasure coat? Anyway you going to LaGuardia right?
RLM + TMNT 🐢
Ayyyy Freddie’s back!
Hoping this means we'll get Freddie on this year's Christmas Best of the Worst
I wonder if the worm stuff comes from Swamp Thing because that was what Alan Moore did to Swamp thing.
Let's hear it for the Palladium Megaverse! Your group can spend an entire weekend just making your fucking characters and then never end up playing it at all. Ol' Kevin S. slaving away on his 1960s era press, laying out every page like J. Jonah Jameson.
I remember being in the back of a taxi and all of a sudden this blob rolled over the windshield and took off into the night. I asked what was that, the taxi driver said it looked like Rich Evans in a trench coat.
Awesome to have Freddie back.  He was one of my favorite guests.
Wow a flashback scene! You could say RLM is like it's like poetry, it rhymes!
Yah, original TMNT was pretty solid, The Last Ronin was an amazing more recent series evreyone should check out.
Freddie's not wrong: Kevin Eastman is an awesome guy, and has managed to stay humble, approachable, and grounded with all his success. Had the pleasure of meeting him on a few occasions (and ONCE was published in Heavy Metal Magazine when he was still overseeing it).
The TMNT role playing game was my favorite by far in my early teenage years, and probably still is to this day. It was such a blast.
To this day, I know the dialog word for word. I wore out the vhs tape I watched it so many times. Still, the greatest movie ever made. TMNT 3, not so much.  And looking back, Raphael had way too much influence over my developing mind then I would have liked. At least, I didn't try to walk on the walls like I did when I first saw Breakin' 2 Electric Boogaloo.
Unexpected!
Wow everyone in this re:view seems genuinely happy for once! Must be because the shadow of Mike’s crippling alcoholism isn’t looming over Rich and making fun of his embarrassing t-shirt
So glad Freddie is back! He is such a joy to see.
I feel like critics weren't appreciative enough at the time or even now, but I still applaud Kenny G's incredible performance here as April O'Neil.
WOOOO Freddie's back!!!
COWABUNGA! I still love this movie.  Watching it as a father makes everything Splinter says to the Turtles hit so damned hard.
Watching this solely for Frederick Williams
Literally my favorite movie as a kid, I think I have the entire thing memorized to this day. It definitely aged better than the sequels
Could not think of a perfect re:view at this exact moment. Been on a Ninja Turtle bing lately after finishing all of the Rise cartoon last month. Highly recommend it even though it takes a bit to get its footing when the characters are very different from what people remember. Also cool to know Freddie worked on Batman/Ninja turtles cause I just finished that recently too.
i went and saw this with some classmates to discuss in college German class.
Finally, my mom will stop crying! /hj
Freddie bringing the fire with his Palladium experience.  Transdimensional TMNT with mutant dinosaurs, hominids, and humans and time travel was awesome.
if he is a Comic artist , tell him to fight back against the AI who is starting to replace artist right now with text to image program , those ai steal artworks without permissions  , and soon .;it will be able to make comics , movies , .;everything generated , people  !!!! don't let artists die thanks
I remember the day i got this on VHS when it released. First grade me couldnt believe i could watch it over and over.
I've been waiting for this
"I've said it once and I'll say it again, I love being a turtle". Mean, green and on the screen.
Last time I was this early, Mike was still legally allowed behind the wheel of a vehicle.
Yeeeaaaaah!
Why all youtubers doing turtle stuff? AVGN just did one
Out of all the things I expected them to mention in this, the Palladium licensed RPG was not one of them.  That is a game that sadly has not stood the test of time, but someone recently made a simplified retroclone of it called "Mutants in the Now" that's actually...well...playable.
Upload 9 minutes ago currently over 8k views on a 40+ minute video 🤔
Thank you guys !
Its a really strange movie. And I was not a big fan as a kid of TMNT, but I enjoyed it, but the movie is incredibly well done. The dark tone yet still engaging for kids and adults, the great costumes. Excellent screenplay for what it is. And when I watched it as an adult just for fun, I love the acting little details they managed to pull of with these bulky costumes and its something that we dont pull of well culturally today.  What I mean is, the turtles really come across as, well, teens, they act tough but they are just little kids. They like to piss off Leo but when stuff gets serious they always stand behind him, and look at him to imitate him or find confidence, cause hes the older brother. They act exactly like brothers would.
ninja turts!
My grandma took me to this movie in the theater back in the day.  This RLM might make me cry out of loss and nostalgia.  Check that, too late.
This was one of my favorites as a kid. I still love it to be honest. This movie has such a darker undertone than the rest of the movies.
uh uh this is one of my favourite movies ever from back in the day! right behind star wars. I still love how well made it is.  funniest thing to me is: I totally thought the turtles were acting so bloody cool, all the nonsense they were spouting to each other, I took it all at face value.  and nowadays I realize they were just silly and cringeworthy, because they are literally teenagers ... its so good
Just woke up, got my cereal and sat down to find this RE:View ... this year,  the14th of December is Christmas for me.
I've been looking forward to this re:View for 32 years!
I was sensing these elderly, decrepit hack-jobs would release a video today!
Yess!! I love when Freddie comes on I has a visceral reaction when his face appeared
This is exactly what I needed
literally the greatest movie ever made and I'm not being hyperbolic, I 100 percent believe it
FREDDIE
FREDDIE YASSSSS <3
I wore out my vhs copy of TMNT. The early 90's was definitely Turtle Time.
Can't believe we're getting a review of my favorite childhood film!!
Freddy is awesome! Was hoping for Christmas Wheel or BoTW though with how long it took
Hey, Freddie's back!
Damn. DDAAAAMMMMMNNNN!!!! Edit: This was the best re:View in a very long time!
I adore this movie
No way my favorite YouTube channel is reviewing my favorite movie ever. I watched this movie a million times as a kid.
Oh shit I thought they were interviewing Josh for a second 😆
Just when the depresso kicks in. An RLM vid drops.
Is that the famous Freddie Williams that is the creator of Horse Ninja? He's great!
Freddie! Awesome!
Excuse me. Is he wearing a MGSV diamond dogs jacket
Nice to see they got Kingseeker Frampt for the thumbnail. He hasn't had much work lately.
My God, that thumbnail.
A millennial classic!
I was 8 when this movie came out. It was a huge deal back then in school that opening weekend.
would love to hear rich and mike talk about Galaxy Quest, since we will never have a proper lets play of THE STAR TREK BOARD GAME !!!!!
recently revisited TMNT. Well shot, well acted, great costumes - holds up surprisingly well
So weird to see a 3 person re:view
Our favorite Pillsbury dough boy is back. oh, and Freddie Williams! Pretty unexpected.
Love Freddie as a guest. Can't wait for another BOTW with him.
Yay Definitely an interesting movie for you guys to discuss
Jesus, Freddie Williams seems like the ultimate amalgam of every host on RLM. In terms of looks and knowledge.
Fun Fact: Robin Williams, who was a big fan of the TMNT franchise, provided Judith Hoag with information regarding her character through his comic book collection
MY fandoms have collided
Go ninja, go ninja go!
*My favorite Ninja turtle is always going to be Rich Evans*
I like how like every comment is about Freddie and not the movie
Rich Evans looks pretty okay for a 75 year old man
I’m always impressed by the first tmnt movie, but I gotta ask- IS FREDDIE WILLIAMS REPLACING MIKE STOKLASA?
Freddy, Jay, and Wish are some pretty RADICAL DUDES!
Honestly given how easily filmmakers could have done a cheap effort cash in to take advantage of how big the franchise was, its to the crew's credit at how much real effort there is with the lighting, sets, and even the writing.   In general its a surprisingly deeper film than you'd expect a movie made at the height of Turtlemania to be.
It was nice of Rich to chaperone Freddie and Jay's date
Oh my God I thought that was Josh.
I've been saying (to myself) that they should review this movie for years.  So glad I get to finally rub that I called it in my own face.
Palladium games was the shit in the late 80s
I actually saw TMNT 2: Secret of the Ooze first as a kid. lol I was surprised by how violent the first movie was compared to it. But i love both of them.
Hey, it's that's so-called artist who thinks shitty VHS art is good.
Good things the stars aligned and Freddie is back baby.
As someone, regarding the TMNT-franchise, only knows the 3d animated series from 2012 … Is the turtles-movie from 1990 recommendable to me?  Best Regards
🙏
🥷🏻🐢
Regular or menthol?
No better line was read than By Buckaroo Banzai’s Father “Together we will punish these… CREATURES!!! These… TURTLES!!!”
OOhh Freddy's back!
Freddie Williams is back! That means hopefully a botw with him on the way
Cant wait to watch this
As a kid i remember genuinely thinking Ralph was going to die during the whole country farm house scenes. Messed with my tiny head.
Freddie Williams is my favourite RLM guest! I'd love him to join the crew permanently, but as a talented artist, it must be hard for him to be surrounded by such hack frauds - and hotties, like Rich Evans.
My mouth DROPPED seeing this video show up THANK YOU
Cowabunga! Turtles in a half bag!
This video really could’ve used Rich Evans standing ackwardly in the corner wearing a ninja turtle costume.
Favorite scene is the casual murder of Shredder by Casey Jones
Cowabunga dudes. Rich, Jay, and their very special guest Freddie Williams; Talk about a most bodacious film.
Cowabunga you fks!!
Cowabunghole dudes
Is that the comic book artist for horse ninja, Rich Evans?
Talking about the real classics for once. Finally I get to know how I should feel about this antique film!
FINALLY!!!!!!! Now I’m only waiting for GalaxyQuest
Wicked excited to see freddie back in a video! Hope to see him more. He’s great.
The horror....the horror.
I would like Rich to come to my house so I can make him Chicken Parm and tell him how much joy his laughter brings to my life.
GUYS I GOT A NEW JOB TODAY!!!!
Yo, I straight LOVE the first movie, I have great memories of seeing it when it came out in the theater with my sister, I was like 11, but even the old movie veteran I've become has a genuine appreciation for what they pulled off in 1990. Then came the sequels...
Found you guys in High On Life lastnight and had a good laugh, what a hilarious game
So great to see Freddie back
Great to see Freddie Williams back!!
He's back, baby.
The very movie I associate the new line cinema animation with.
This was my favorite movie as a kid, kicked ass.
I was just watching HITB thinking man RLM is due for an upload.
Three people on a re view?!  IT BROKE NEW GROUND!!!
It’s a cliché to say, but they truly don’t make them like they used to, and this film is a perfect example.  A rare movie that is dark in tone, yet fun , that both adults and kids could enjoy.
meow!  That is all
Yes Freddie is back....
Probably not first, but early. Always love to get a new RLM notification. And re:View is quickly becoming my very close second to BotW.
A 47 minute long RLM discussion of the TMNT movie. This is what I live for sadly.
This film is my #1 guilty pleasure.
hamburger
Really happy to have Freddie Williams back. One of my favourite guests. Very cool
This Re:View is RLM's Jodorowsky's Dune
This is right up my alley.
oh shit no whey!!!!!
1st
Rich Evans.
TMNT came out of my home state of New Hampshire...!
I asked for this in an earlier videos!
Yooooo, I'm so glad this a re:View! This is one of my favorite movies!
1rd.
Best movie ever
hi i am near first
Nice another re:View, would have never expected for this film.
What a blast!
Freddie Williams really rocking that dyed hair look! It’s like he’s fourty again!
Of all the guests over the years, I think I've missed  Freddie the most. So happy to see him return!
ooze makes you a ninja turtle, booze makes you mike and jay
Man, I loved this movie when I was like 14.  I wonder how it would hold up today.
*Settles in*
Good to see Freddie back such a great guy!
hello
And I just put a pizza in the oven, the stars have aligned.
Wow! A post on my birthday, what a wonderful gift! Thanks, hack frauds! Great to see Freddie back!
Oh my gooooood Freddie is back ! Cowabunga !
The thumbnail is cursed!
GTFO my fave Comic book movie!
Freddy!!!
Freddie's back
Freddie!
Raphael said damn, which is why we wanted to go.
FIRST!
I clapped.
no views. RLM fell off
Amazing
Nice
four-hundredth, losers
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOO
Teenage mutant rich evans turtles
Oh baby, yes
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
Freddie's back, bitch!
INDUBITABLY!
Eyy
Finally
CoWaBuNgA
Nice
Such a good movie
Damn!!
Can’t sleep. Like TMNT. Perfect
WWWWWOOOOOO!!!!
Another banger
Nice.
