Didn't know where to start for this one! What did you make of it?   🔔 Join our Driver61 Discord Server for Next Week's Watchalong! ➡️  https://bit.ly/3lkO5gJ
Is this vedio explaining or what cause when lewis is wrong you jump to say that now max is wrong and you don't say anything except yr wedding and background
he did a brain check to see if hamilton had brains, he doesn't
Something that never gets mentioned in this race. Lewis fell beyond 10 lengths on the formation lap following the first red flag. This was irrefutable as he was more than 10 grid spots behind on the grid. Masi made up a rule and said it's not a formation lap when it's a red flag restart but there is nothing about this in the regulations.
Sir Lewis🐐
We can know by looking at the telemetry. It was 3.5 seconds of deceleration bringing the car speed down from 300 kph to about 120 kph. That's already at an average of almost 1.5G. It might seem that 2.4G is a little bit of a spike, but Hamilton had similar spikes in his deceleration, usually on downshifts. For example Verstappens highest deceleration happened about half a second before contact was made and that was from 151 kph down to 138 kph. At 2.4G it means that deceleration was only sustained for 0.15 seconds. That is not a brake test.  What is really curious is why Hamilton is lining up, almost onto the gearbox, right behind a car that is consistently and significantly decelerating? It is an insane move as it is almost impossible to synchronize the deceleration of a car that is downshifting from 8th gear back to 3rd gear. At no point did Hamilton drop below Verstappens velocity so he just kept creeping up closer until he got too close.  Just an incredibly silly incident, nothing in the data indicates malice. So it is actually ridiculous that Verstappen was the only driver to receive a penalty here. Verstappen was told to slow down, Hamilton actually didn't have a reason so his driving was more in breach of the regulations.
I’m going back to old videos and I know maybe I should have commented then but I really like the majority of Driver 61 videos except when I can see that there is a very clear bias to Max.   The silverstone video, you didn’t mince your words by clearly saying that Sir Lewis was in the wrong.   In this video Max is Clearly in the wrong but you say that “You’ll leave it up to us”.  Please be fair. I’m not going to go back and fourth about the individual times Lewis was wrong or Max was wrong because I’m not a YouTuber, im just a fan of F1 and yes, I am a big fan of Sir Lewis but I’ll be the first person to accept a bad result as long as it was fair. Let’s all be fair, the same energy you have calling out Lewis, please have the same with calling out Max. Yes you’re on your honeymoon but rather don’t shoot or post a video if you’re going to be biased.
I don't know how any of it was confusing on Verstappens part. He was in the lead and controlled what happen.
Stop being soo biased to clearly 1 sided incidents. Stop saying "they won't stop" that had to have been one of Max's poorest attempts at a race. Everything was tactical and those lunges were absolutely atrocious. Get rid of run offs and you don't have these stupid "attempts" at overtaking.  Its easy to try something a pissed off teenager would do and cut the corner and blame a lapse in judgement, because your only having to drop a position, TACTICALLY!!! With no run off Lewis would have backed out and let Max go rallying, since there is one, why wouldn't Lewis just Coast and save a little bit of tyres and temperature? Max isn't to blame either because they've let him get away with it for so long. You don't see these big "whoopsies" on corners that you can't recover from, we need to stop pretending these moves are legit and start punishing accordingly.
FIA is full of bs and the cars are full of it too. Bring back cars that were once driven by drivers using raw driver skills and perception and not by a million settings and protocol of FIA directors and team bosses and stewards. This is how you’ll gauge real competition.
I think you’re being nice and diplomatic, and you should be applied for that but I really do feel as though Max intentionally break tested Hamilton. Louis had been getting the best of him the majority the time I was about to do it again. Max is just as good of a driver as Lewis  and Red Bull is just as good of a team as Mercedes I can give either driver a break on a little bit of gamesmanship, but brake testing you should be black flagged for that and he did brake test Lewis. Max tried to cover up what I saw as an intentional brake test by getting on his COM‘s to sound confused as to what happened. I repeat Max is just as good of a driver as Lewis Hamilton and red ball is just as good of a team as Mercedes. He doesn’t need to do that. I believe that Max won his previous title fair and square 105%. I like the videos keeping come and have a good day.
CONGRATULAIONS
@2:09 seems you are stuck with her the upcoming century :)
Max has to cheat to win
He brake tested him, max only cares about taking Lewis out of any race, max should have been disqualified loads of times during his career
he brake checked him end of discussion, since silverstone all Verstappen wanted is to crash into Lewis so he can win his wdc, Lewis was smarter but Lewis is not superman, he cannot fight against 2 redbull 2 alpha tauris, a whole team and the FIA
congrats
This past weekend with Max and Charles showed what Max was trying to do; have the DRS advantage down the main straight. Instead, he gets crashed into from behind and penalised for it 🤯 Thankfully, justice prevailed in Abu Dhabi
Jfc it’s a yes or no answer it’s not worthy of a 9 minute video
I think it was absolute bs, hamilton had more than enough time and space to pass...yes, verstappen would have got drs, but hamilton would have it for the next drs zone...him running into the back of verstappen was his own choice and poor reaction/judgemet
Thanks in closing I'm not touching that one thanks good stuff...congratulations on the wedding....looks like your safe for at least a year with 39000
Max I think was a little frustrated as he slowed an pulled over so then he's like here I'm on the brakes to go ahead how much slower do I have to go...u don't see that....I watched this originally from the back television cam...if u watch it carefully an listen to the instruction given to max....oh we forgot DRS CA blam...derrr
What max did was show Lewis his brake light so he would get the message at that same instance they both have senior DRS moment as Lewis decided fork know I want to follow just as max is hinting hey I have to give the position back as they are both aware of....I have been crying to get rid of DRS an that was before this stupid instance....we have the two best drivers currently in formula one...Making a rookie formula Ford mistake here because of DRS....thankfully DRS makes the pourpoising thing much worse...so I will quit asking for it to be canned....I think it's just one thing for a driver to fight the entire race get tires an fight to hold a position an a good result just to be in the wrong position in a DRS zone a few laps from the end...it's messing with the drivers heads...that they got enough already to manage ya ya
On the start I think Lewis just ran max the way max would have run him.... Bottom line max wouldn't leave anyone room an Lewis wouldn't either an doesn't need to go around the outside is not going to happen especially with the push the 21 cars have in those nite races...they didn't look like they had a whole lot of front grip and the long cars don't turn as well or rotate
This GP was the perfect example of: - FIA/F1 not giving a crap about driver safety in the name of entertainment. - The effect Helmut and Horner have on Max and his psyche, Max really needs to get out of that bubble. - The disregard Verstappen has for the safety of other drivers (which is quite annoying given how much his father whinned when he was the injured one) - The favouritism of the FIA and F1 towards Verstappen, intentional or not, the braking maneuver was out of order, he was weaving and barely left the racing line when giving back the position. We have seen black flags for way less, and this all came after the already way too aggressive incident in Brazil, any other driver would have had a way harsher penalty regardless of it being an intentional break check or not.
Crashstappen         ... as always
Unfortunately Verstappen had a really bad restart in Jeddah. But there was also a dirty game played there. Tire temperature is very important at the start. But Lewis dropped a big gap to Verstappen as the cars moved towards the starting grid. Lewis broke the rules there without being penalized and took considerable advantage of it. That means Max's tires were cooling, while Lewis still had some burnouts to do. That was certainly the reason that Verstappen had a worse start.
hamilton robbed
Is it me, or after the first restart that turn 1 incident shouldn't have been counted, because the session was red-flagged again before they even reached the second sector? Therefore there wasn't any placing from that lap, because they didn't even complete the first sector, so they should've resetted the grid order to the first restart.
Congrats man!!!
nice video i don't think max break checked luwis
Lmaaaooo what an Hamilton fan
Good luck buddy
Not a Pom trying to be unbiased 🙃😂
congratulations on getting married ^^
Hind sight is always 20/15 (better than perfect).... the only person who can truly say if he pushed too hard, is the driver themselves, not someone watching it...
Congratulations with your marriage! It is easy to remember this period because i am also finely  married 2 December on a age of 50 Btw, i was always a big fan off your father!
4:20 why didn't they make lewis give place back for same thing in the next race. Cut the corner in front of max
Swapping engines as often as Mercedes did should be punished harder. Max got punished harder than Lewis this season, verstappen would allready be champion earlier if Lewis was punished harder.
So he brake tested him…
you are obviously a fan of Hamilton, the way you talk about "leaving track and gaining an adventice" when Hamilton pushed verstappen wide and talk about Verstappen in the Abu Dhabi GP video when he pushed Hamilton wide is so different while on both drivers pushing each other wide to hold position, only max is penalized every time on such things and Hamilton can have his way anywhere. and yes I am a Verstappen fan and he has had to fight hard and at times aggressively for positions this season but he has driven better than Hamilton this season and is also the deserved champion but not the deserved winner of the Abu Dhabi GP
Nope,  Hamilton did this shit before with his best friend Alonso (NOT).  Bahrain GP 2008: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gV0-Vm8k4_8.   I could remember this one. There are lots of fuck-ups moments of this whiner.  Like Alonso said. Hamilton is always complaining, complaining if it doesn't fall his way.
After what Lewis did to him at Silverstone, I have no problem with Max getting rough with Lewis.
Once again... failed to speak the full situation and only spoke of narratives that favored Hamilton.  Why didn't you mention how much Max had lifted off the gas before the straight and Hamilton decided to stay behind Max and not pass Max.  And you also failed to mention the Merc team failed to notify Lewis that Max was instructed to let Lewis pass.  If you are a racing driver, you should know that when there is a slow car in front, you will try to pass him, not just follow him and slow down with him.  Why didn't you mention that? You also failed to mention Lewis actually hit Max while he was trying to pass Max on the outside when he did not have position.
Since Scott Mansell is on a big Conspiracy Theory rampage, ponder over this Conspiracy Theory...  Full Radio call between Lewis and his team during safety car is available, clearly Lewis wanted to pit and get fresh tires, yeah he would lose track position but he would be behind Max with fresh tires and would have a very good fighting chance to beat Max, in fact you can hear how upset and shocked Lewis was that he wasn't allowed to pit to get fresh tires.  So... going back to the Conspiracy Theories, circulating on this channel and others that feel that Lewis was unbeatable and only way to beat him was to somehow rig the whole thing...  Lewis now shares the record with Michael Schumacher, Michael is German and so is Mercedes team, perhaps... (And all you Conspiracy Theories lovers should like this) perhaps Mercedes opted to take away Lewis' chance at 8th championship so that German native still holds the record, even though it's shared with a Brit. And as long as they share same numbers of championships, Michael will likely be regarded as better champion.  Chew on that Conspiracy Theorists!!!
Why so much scrutiny?  No one griped when Schumacher robbed Damon Hill of a World Championship.
Yes  he  did
Hell no
Congrats on getting married..
No
Damn Mercedes let it go 😂😂
Did Hamilton made contact with Max too many times this season,and got away with it everytime?
Congratulations on the wedding
YES !!! He did brake test, it was proven. Let's face it Max is a bit of a dirty driver even having a rule called after him called the Verstappen Rule, not something to be proud of.
Congratulations everyone!!! Max Verstappen is F1 World Champion! We finally have a talented, true racer as champion again (instead of just a fast car). Congratulations!
WELCONE TO Scott Mansell's CONPIRACY THEORY CHANNEL
You better get loads of subs on this when you do it on your _honeymoon_.
Poor guy
Congrats on your marriage!
Question should be why did Hamilton not pass Verstappen When he initially slowed down.
happy married life my friend :  )  : )
lets have a few more gravel traps eh, they don't have to be deep, just enough that you are slowed considerably if you run wide.
Great videos but still a lot of stupid biased comments from those who can’t see past their fandom.
Dude, cinematically speaking you don’t want vertical or horizontal lines running through your head
I just watched your video where Max took the inside of Hamilton in the final race, with a CLEAN pass (he was ahead in the corner and was on the racing line) and you called his driving aggressive (despite staying in the apex), yet when Hamilton INTENTIONALLY pushes wide..... you call it "good defensive driving"..... Wow biased much?
tomuch talk
I could sub but I'd have to drop you and then re-add... Would that work? ;-)
Your new wife? That is a good way to lose subscribers. How many do you expect it to be in the end?
RedBull and Verstappen needs to calm down. The driving Verstappen is presenting this season is not fair racing.  I know they need to race but constantly "missing" corners, that is not F1 quality driver. That is what i expect of a F3 driver.  I love RedBull but they have lost me as a follower after this season.
The way i see it is, Verstappen drove Hamilton off the track and has to let him passed. He tried, Hamilton was confused and ran into the back of him like a retard, he did it again, overtook him, then had to do it again (why? letting someone passed is letting some passed and he did it even if he got DRS to counter. Thats the advantage of being first)  And then he had to do it ANOTHER time.. AAAND he got a 5 sec penelty + a 10 sec penelty while Hamilton gets NOTHING at all.  Look at the last race. Hamilton go off the track, Verstappen makes the corner and its again Hamilton without a penelty or reprimand att all. He aparently "gave the advantage back" while keeping a 1.2 sec gap to Verstappen.   Thank god for Mazi. Cause the Stewards are crazy. Can we not have 100% Brittish stewards please?    Hamilton praised having a colored man and a woman as a steward after the race. What would have happend if we had 2 Dutch stewards ? I believe another ruling would have been made.   This sport is owned, made and dominated by Britts. That just makes Maxes win even more exciting.
Congratulations on ur marriage....blessings
Yes he did ,he tried to damage lewis's front wing maybe make him pit?verstappen and red bull are using all the tricks in the book!!!!
man i subbed we need to keep our women happy
Not me, ive loved f1 since the mid 1980's XXXX off F1 from now on.
Excellent programme, as always. Thank you.  Congratulations on your marriage. Best wishes
Hey I just started making music, might have some spare time and check out?
Enjoyed your explanation and the balanced way you share it. Just great. Keep it up. 😊
Shameful Championship...
Now that it is over, I’d love to see some honest dialogue regarding how Merc went from .5-1.0 slower to all of the sudden being the quicker car? In an Engine freeze year.
I remember when Lewis break tested Vettle.
Firstly congratulations on your marriage, all the best!   Secondly, such a great video on a very sensitive topic. Not easy to be objective and maintain such good balance.  I would agree that this year is a joke when it comes to the rules. Granted, they have been pushing the boundaries at every turn just about, but it’s not acceptable for such a large and well respected organisation. The year itself was amazing as an F1 fan, and in my opinion that final lap summed the whole year up, poor rule consistency coupled with fantastic driving by two racers so in form compared to what is a lacklustre pack in comparison. Perez was brilliant as a teammate and coupled with great pit work and strategy helped Max win. Mercedes had a rough ending with tyres and rules, fair enough. Hopefully next year the stewards, race director and the FIA apply the rules equally and with consistency. To end a year like this is terrible for both drivers. Max and Lewis both drove so well this year, they gave us the F1 year we deserved only to have it all tainted through poor decisions (all year, not just at the final race). Let’s celebrate with Max for winning and both of them for a truly unforgettable and incredible year
Did Lincoln Loud BRAKE CHECK  Spongebob Squarepants |  Saudi Arabia GP | The F1 Breakdown
Love your channel. Well spoken. You explain things in a way I can understand. Thanks so much.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR MARRIAGE WHISHING YOU ALL BEST AS COUPLE  AND MANY HAPPINESS YEARS TOGETHER AND GOOD HEALTH ALWAYS ❤ WITH LOVE FROM 🇿🇲 🇿🇲 ZAMBIA...
Excellent review
So u r F1 expert..max deserved the win
congrats.
The rules and regulations where strained and distorted, because The FIA were backing Max... Max is a brilliant driver but very very dangerous. LEWIS HAMILTON was ROBBED plain and simple .
No he did not....
In the 90 s Was Damon Hill robbed  and now Hamilton
In Abu Dhabi, Max did exactly what Hamilton had done to him in Jeddah, Max told to give the place back in Jeddah, Hamilton was allowed to continue with a time advantage to boot. Total joke the Jeddah Race, just glad it worked out for Max in Abu Dhabi.
Masi has admitted he threw out the rule book to create a “good for TV”  shoot out. Knowing however, that Hamilton was on old hard compound tires, and Verstappen on fresh soft compound tires, he pretty much handed the win to MV.  Was Max deserving? Yes, but so was LH who had up to the Latifi crash, built up a seemingly unassailable 11 second lead.  By doctoring the rules, he negated Hamilton’s hard work, including overcoming Perez’s great defensive actions.   Totally unfair yet it seems TV ratings are more important to FIA.
"No Mickey, No, No, No!"  I heard a villain crying
Verstappen getting penalty to brake check but Hamilton never did get penalty to brake checking Vettel....
Just found your channel, new subscriber here. What a season and finale! Very interested in the new cars next season..
Worse timed honeymoon of all time?? 😂
i will help you out by not subscribing..😁🤣🙃
A bit bias when you consider he did not show Lewis in car camera showing he had slowed more than Max.  Why would a racecar driver not take the opening and pass?
Mike, miiiiike this is not right LOL
Well well well
MAX WORLD CHAMPION 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🇳🇱🇳🇱🇳🇱🇳🇱🇳🇱🇳🇱🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
Now, i am really curious to the overtake of max in abu dhabi and your analysis. Max first at corner, stayed within lines...and no penalty for lewis for gaining advantage? He should have breaked....your opinion please!
yes he did.... look in mirror... and push 2.4G break... when Hamilton were behind him...
No brake test.
No offense. But a pretty boring video. I would have preferred to hear your opinion on the controversy, rather than just explain what happened in the race. I'm sure most watching this video have seen the race.
The only ‘mistake’ you made in the video is where you state that he made an unnecessary mistake when going on the throttle. Two ex-f1 drivers(on Ziggo) stated that going on throttle at that time was an effor to quickly turn the car away from the closing wall. It’s a quick way to do it, but obviously risky when you’re already close.  You first observation is correct. He wasn’t aware of Hamilton’s laptime, therefore giving 110% until the end, where he crashed.
I know is not a tilke circuit but come on.... he had enough room to pass him and waited like a full second after verstapen started to slow down, but he keep behind him the whole time because  draft???? The whole thing makes no sense, its almost an instinct to move to a side when the other car just barely starts to slow down either because of a breakdown or... if you are at least 30% aware of whats going on, he  going off track.  IMO with the space he had, the context he had and most of all the time he had (a full second on F1 is an eternity), hamilton had it served in a silver plate but somehow screw it up.. like it was on purpose or something, totally not how lewis behaves when he is on a tantrum for another championship. They should had penalized both down to the point of screwing their championships so they learned something because this crap will happen again and this sets no precedent of nothing.
Verstappen is simply a dirty driver
This race summed up the awful state f1 is currently in
racing incident, racing incident....
After what Lewis did to him at Silverstone, I have no problem with Max getting rough with Lewis.
congrats but no my view is simple Hamilton abuses the system the winner of that race was Verstappen Hamilton has done it over and over again great video btw
No he didn't.
Hamilton knew he could pass and was still on his tale, looking for an accident for penalties! Follow the words of Hamilton afterwards and every expert in lies can tell you that someone speaking the truth would not use the specific words that Hamilton did use, he was lying. If Verstappen was causing an accident, the penalty would be way higher. The question should be here: why is Hamilton getting away with everything he does? Only FIA officials know that!
Max Vercrashen... The Kyle Busch of F1... Wreckers or Checkers...
Yup he brake test.
This will get people mad but as a racer myself, doesn't matter if Max used the brakes a little, he was told to let Lewis pass, he kept slowing down and Lewis didn't pass, so he might have tapped the brakes a little to get Lewis to go around but Lewis likes to play games, knowing he is 7 time champion, stewards will favor him. Bottom Line, Max had no way of knowing if Lewis got the message to go around, It's a frigging race, a car in front of you slows and you haven't done anything wrong, go around, take the lead and win the race, quit playing games and being a cry baby.
Let’s say he did, the question is Hamilton is the only one who can use “dirty tactics” and get away with it?
Congrats with your wedding mate! And thanks for yet another great video despite the undoubtably busy week! 👌
Hamilton cannot drive, obvious
When Helmut Marko decides to wind his neck in and admit he was "mistaken" about something, you know it's beyond doubt.
Video could have said: did hamilton try to cut Max's tyre and forgot the oncoming turn? If you have to let someone pass you have to break early to position yourself for the next corner and a good position to take back your position. Hamilton could have known, made a mistake, and got illegally no punishment from the marshals again.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGZWiPa2R8 worth looking at imho ..
Verstappen is a CHEAT. End Of.
Would Hamilton be Hamilton in any other car?
Congrats on your marriage man! Hoping you guys have a long, loving marriage!
Some pro drivers have a very very different opinion.
Yes he did.
hamilton and f! bosses teamed up hamilton should come second
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YZmBcQz457Q
His telemetry showed he did not brake. Where the FIA came up with 2.5g is a joke. They proved they are just the arm of british drivers...
When going to the grid at the restart after the red flag Hamilton created a big gap what caused the tires of verstappen to cool down more than Hamiltons. They're supposed to queue with no gap. This gave Hamiliton the opportunity to pass verstappen at the restart.
Ham brake checked Vettel once 🤦🏼‍♀️
Hamilton is no stranger to unfairness at all, he got taught by one of the best after all. With Verstappen it comes more naturally though, it seems. But I did not follow any of their carreers b4 F1
Can I ask what the confusion was for Lewis? Merc were told that RB was going to be asked to give the spot back well before and they told Lewis. And even if he didnt know, its a race if you see a car slowing down in front you dont also slow down...you pass them. He knew full well what was going on and just didnt want to let max have the DRS. So it is equally if not fully his fault for running into the back of him.
Only champions can think about tactic desisions with 300km+ and that is exacly why this happened, Lewis absolutely had the real reason on his dash, but he didn't wanted to take over on that point right in front of the drs line, it's discussable, but why didn't you mensioned the colliding with Ocon? Or take a better look at the time Bottas put Max out of the race? If that didn't happened then the title was allready for him so after 7 years of sheer luck (no competition, handyman next to him, the best car, even this year) there is "that guy" who shows the world that his reighn is over. Have a nice holiday for you both!
Brother, I am from Saudi Arabia I know how the marriage is I feel you, so I support you I don't want this marriage to be short and by the way Congratulation for both of you.
Hamilton was already breaking even before the touch .
hammer time 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟🌠❤️ Dec 2021 any continent 🌄 any time 🌟 any track 🌄
The marshals should not have wasted breath negotiating with red bull when Max stepped off the track.  That area is for safety, Max clearly abused it. Immediate five second penalty and mandate that he give Lewis back his position.  The only reason they gave him a chance to avoid a penalty by dropping a place was because he drives for Redbull and Redbull is one of The Big 3.  The only pause and question from the marshals should have been, does Max deserve five seconds or ten?  Its clear the tracks NEED run off space like that for safety, but the drives need to have their feet held to the fire about respecting the width of the track.   OR  Let the drivers run wild and use up as much of the track as they want with absolute abandon. The only solution is to level the playing field by restricting what approaches to each corner are legal. How that happens doesn't matter.
Hamilton knew full well, he always wants to pass at any opportunity but not now? LOL What if Max had an engine rpoblem , would he also get behind Max? And how is it that Hamilton never gets a penalty for his fouls?
First, congrats for the wedding and a happy marriage. Second, from my pov i think Ham should avoid Max when he brake there. As a driver when you see a slow car you move left or right not stay behind it. Max could have a car issue there. They are pro drivers with fast reactions and Ham could avoid it there.
I just subscribed your channel. I'm lazy to put this bottom I don't know why. Congrats man. Tnx for the video.
to many games being played on track instead of racing best formula 1 was from 1990 to 2005 bring back the real drivers get rid of there spoiled brat children who think they are good when really they  should still be in karts
So confused race... time penalties, asked to give back the position, accidents, red flags, yellow flags, etc. but the race director is not so comfortable to take decisions.
Max Verstappen has always given me the impression of a rich privileged kid. Fantastically aggressive driver with enormous talent but we are seeing his poor sportsmanship coming out under pressure.   The idea to return a place is to actually return it and not try and spontaneously slow down at a spot where you can immediately overtake him again.
Congratulations!
Congrats on the marriage!!
Congratulations your wife is gorgeous- many happy years to you both 💯🎯
i follow you alot and i respect you alot but ther break check was not verstappen fault he shifted down3 times if he had engine failure hamilton would have past him the first shift if perez was behind ham 1 sec ham woulda past him instant that they where 20 sec apart rrom the rest cause the crash ver braked out of anoyence ham wouldnt overtake i believe ham tookj so long so the rest could catch on so ver couldt pit for vastest lap they both played dirty as shit
spyros panopoulos and what is "anadiaplasis
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGZWiPa2R8   a break test needs a paddle force over 1.3KG by FIA law,,,(convert it to english please) see video,  it only was  1.1KG,   so no break test at all,  nd dammmm  iam a Hamilton fan,   but please make us fans dont go blind for real fackts,  the Dutch did nothing wrong
OK, OK, you guilted me into subscribing. All the best for your marriage!
Congratulations! Too bad I cant subscribe again hahaha
BS, Hamilton took that spot,  He was going to pass Verstappen, but Verstappen let him by so he could act like he gave it up. total BS  Lewis had him was going to have him and nothing Maxipad could do
congrats m8
It's not really a legit comment to say Hamilton is willing to push someone wide.  Hamilton has proven over and over again that he will lift or let people go to avoid contact, but after the MULTITUDE times of Verstappen driving Hamilton off the track and no Brazil punishment, he said EFF THAT.  Hamilton OWNED the corner.  He had no obligation to leave any room.  He stayed on track. Verstappen was in the wrong 100% as he normally is.
Congratulations on the wedding! Another great video!
congrats! ... but 10k subs for a good mariage? ok, why not!
I have put £20 on Max winning the championship by crash for cash, into lewis, in the last race.
Subbing to save the marriage! :) Although I've been back here a few times already this year, I should've subbed a while ago!
Never watched your vids before, sure will now. Good luck and congratulations with your wedding! Hope you see this!
I've lost a lot of respect for Verstappen this season- he's a brilliant driver but acts like a petulant child lately. Reading his version of these incidents he can't see that he forced Lewis off the track and thinks everything he's done is totally fair. Utterly delusional.
Am struggling to find any talk of of BOT holding up VER before the pit stop. Am glad you brought it up but why wasn’t he penalised and what are the rules for this? Surprised RB didn’t push on this because a time penalty for BOT would have an effect on the constructors as he would lose place to OCO.  Also, what’s the rule about slowing to let someone past but driver behind not wanting to take back the position? Is that even allowed? Could HAM just drive behind VER and wait for a moment that suits him?! This feels strange. Surprised penalty went the way it did as they both played games there and it would have been nice to get some sort of clarification about having to take position back or being able to refuse to take it as HAM was seemingly doing.
Bottas should have had a penalty for being to slow to pit. It was obvious he did it so he would not be blocked by HAM in the doubble pit-stop and would get out in front of VER. HAM should have had a penalty for going to slow in formation lap. It was obvious he did it so max would have had cold tires.   VER should have let HAM back in front after he got pushed outside at turn 1 but Ocon was there so he didn't...   VER letting HAM go before the DRS zone is 100% fair... HAM should control his car better to avoid rear-ending VER. VER 5s penality was harsh but fair. It was harsh because neither bottas or HAM got one... HAM just got a warning.
Wasn't just the breaking though..  it was how max positioned the car.
WTF ARE YOU DOING HERE????? Go enjoy your honey moon!!! And congrats!
Max the cheat again trying to put Lewis out of the race or disable the aerodynamics on Lewis,s car .not worthy of being a championship contender nevermind champion
Next race. Let them go without DRS
Verstappen got penalties for everything FIA is in the pocket of Mercedes if Hamilton is faster he can overtake Verstappen in the straight line easy but he want those collisions they killing F1 let them race to me al of this are race incidents what is racing if you cant defend 😬
Congratulations 🎊🎈🍾. Great channel too👍
We're is verstappen his prospective why he drove like he did?
It was dirty on both sides. Lewis was bullying and max let him be bullied. Both where wrong and Lewis should have been addressed on several occasions which they didn’t.
At least he didnt Silverstone Hamilton or did a bowling game like Bottas in Hungary. In the end red bull has more DNFs then mercedes because of the competition, so why is everyone falling over Verstappen for being agressive? I see both drivers searching the limits in as well the track as the rules.
Using your wife to blackmail your viewers? That's what Verstappen would do  ;)
I think they need to add more of the joining back on track paths. If every time you left the track you had to take the specific route that is slower than the normal way no one would want to run off. Now the only problem is how running someone off track is managed. I think that it should never be allowed to run someone off track, but it should be made very clear when it is running someone off track and when the other person just tried to take a gap that didn't exist.
Playing my part for your wedding! Subscribed!! The rest is up to you now 🙌🏿
I’m a Verstappen man myself, but I enjoy your objective analysis much. A true  F1 lover you obviously are.  Congratulations on your wedding of course!
I agree the circuits want looking at too many run off areas, make them sand or gravel and drivers wont want to be in that shit.
I think Verstappen is a very good driver that still has a ton of potential even considered how good he already is. But he just doesn't know when he has to accept a lost situation and wait for a new opportunity. This hhass caused him to crash so often in the past and it continues to risk him, his car and his coworkers.
It's look in F1 also get full of it,  it? Yeah fake and false narrative in their propaganda
Congrats on the wedding! Thanks for your content. Keep it coming hopefully the wife approves!
No brake test. 100 km/h  is a joke
Congratulations bro
i wish max fansboy watch this vid.. so they know how dirty their driver are.. but sadly most of them are playing need for speed while eating oreo in their mom's basement.
Unfortunately the 2 going for the title are equal childish. Sure you eant to win, but its clear they would prefer to run the other one of the track to win the championship, rather than do it by racing. I’m curious to see if Verstappen just launches into Hamilton if he realizes that he isn’t going to make it. However if they are both out, Verstappen would win the championship, but I wonder if he could get championship points deducted as a penalty. Haven’t seen it happening, but a time penalty or grid penalty in the next race would be kinda useless…
of coarse he brake checked Lewis cuz he a cheating dirty driver simple as
Luwis Hamiltun is a cry baby and dus just as nasty things as max dus. Suw the puint being is that finally after years uf nut giving a rat’s uss abuwt F1 I have managed tu sit thruw an entire race. We want tu see blud nut a tea party. Just like Ben Hur
Verstappen is a cheat. He never drives fairly.
Great channel, certainly have a subscribe. And congratulations!
Hamilton, FIA and Mercedes are cheaters.
F Lewis… I don’t like that little 💩
Congratulations on your wedding! Wishing you a long life of happiness, togetherness and peace, unlike what we're witnessing between Hamilton and Verstappen :) :)
I love it how you quickly skipped over the "LH didn't want to have it this way" like he has any right to delay overtaking until he wishes for... The burden of giving position back is on the front car, so when it CLEARLY does it the back car has no excuses to play games.  How about LH decided that he doesn't want to retake the position for next 20 laps until Valterri passes both?  It was LH that was erratic by not doing what every sane person would expect him to do, to retake position.  The whole story about confusion doesn't make any sense. If he was confused at first why didn't he go with OBVIOUS instinct to overtake the slow car?  If he wanted to play games and wait for the right moment why was he following Max so close if he knows that Max can't run away as he has to give that position back? He could have easily kept safe distance and slow down accordingly, but he couldn't decide which way to go and in the end F'd up big time.  IMHO that was absolutely embarrassing of Hamilton to rear end Max.  The FIA decision is a similar embarrasment.
We've all been there. We've all done it. It was an obvious brake check, but I understand no one involved is interested in calling things by its name. I lost a bunch of respect for Verstappen this weekend. He's being way too dirty lately.
lock up land
Captain obvious
Max already shifted down to 3rd gear. The footage shows that Lewis deliberately is staying directly behind Max. Max wanted Lewis to pass before the DRS line and Lewis didn't want that. They are both equally responsible. So either no fouls or a foul for both. The stewards were a disgrace all weekend and it looks like Mercedes is sponsoring the FIA instead of Ferrari nowadays
Your point about Hamilton showing he is willing to push others wide.  This was not first time.  He has done this before when he was under pressure.  He has done it to his own teammate no less.  As for brake checking, so what.  Rear ending someone is always fault of the person behind no matter what, screw Hamilton and anyone else who has had same happen.  Work on your reflexes.
just skip to 7:10min mark for the subject, else first 7 mins is probably for his fan and his ad revenue!
Congratulations on your marriage! :D But please don't make videos on your honeymoon :P Make love!
Very interesting video but the booger! Man! That ruined everything!
*if it was a brake tesat, so why did hamilton never got a penatly for the 2017 incident with vettel? The rules are different each race, its time to let a race be a race not a rule match. Also he would never got passed there because he lost the drs then, so he drove into max he knew hat he was doing, if not he is the stupidest driver on the pitch
"Help me out"  Do you need help to get out of marriage? :D :D
Always saying being fair, but we can hear the Favoritism ahahah joke
So, correct me when i am wrong.  Hamilton forced Verstappen off, 2 times, no penalty, and Verstappen forced Hamilton off one time, penalty. Also, i have seen a data sheet that shows Verstappen slowing down consintantly, while Hamilton in his consternation, actually even sped up a moment behind Verstappen, then tried to decrease speed again and ran into Verstappen. It is not that i challenge anyone nor judge anyone, but in that sight, i cannot explain the stewards decisions. I do value your opinion, and i am just wondering how and why.
Congrats man!!!
Congrats on your wedding happy for you :)!
Great vid as always. Thanks for staying objective.  Can anyone explain to me how Mercedes has been through 11 ICE's and still remained within budget?
nice words but just repetitive garbage protecting the F1 money cartel
Yes. The answer is yes.
Honda?? The copy company. Workers Ferrari. Why they even allowed to participate in Formula 1?
Your “new wife”?  What did you do with the old one?
Max was told to slow down and let Lewis pass that's what he did if Mercedes didn't tell Lewis he was going to do it that's on them not Max.
Thanks 👍
Whatever the rights and wrongs of this battle it was edge of your seat stuff Lewis and Max fans screaming at the tv around the world. I've watched F1 for over 40 years and this kind of total commitment racing has been lacking in part due to the rules and stewards interference with every slightly over zelus overtake
I have been watching F1 since de early 1975, so 46 years ago. I have seen a fair share of rivalaries, a lot of fights, many biased decisions from the officials. I don't think I have ever seen officials so biased in favour of one driver as they have been towards Hamilton in the last few years. I get the sense other drivers get penalties much easier and specially that those penalties Hamilton does get are decided in a way that they have little or no impact to Hamilton. In this race the example is the black and white flag Hamilton got from pushing Verstapen out of the track. Verstapen gets seconds of penalty and is forced to give away positions and Hamilton gets a flag for arguably the most dangerous action of them all. What if Verstapen car sliped into the wall, would it still be a flag? And where in the rules says that the driver giving away the position has to do so in the place that is the most favourable to the other driver. Taking it to the limit, Hamilton then could just wait for the last corner of the race and take the win without giving Verstapen a chance to recover.
No one is talking about the importance of Lewis getting fastest lap 1pt.. it means that being equal in points Hamilton can wait behind Verstappen in final race until he has posted fastest lap and got the point, then Verstappen cant ram Lewis off the track as he would lose the championship..unless Perez goes on to get fastest lap later on
You are SO VERY ANTI Verstappen.. I hate that. Unsubscribed.. Congrats on your wedding 👍
Come on guys this is F1! For the sake of god stop whining! Have you forgotten how formula 1 looked like the past few years? With the merc whining like 99% of the time? This is what formula 1 is about! It is about drama, about racing hard, about emotions! I rather see all this instead of what we have been witnessing the past few years in F1.
Congrats on the wedding Bud.  Max brake tested Lewis to cause a crash…simple, no debate. He saw the opportunity to go into the final race with an advantage or if he got lucky, win the title right there. Don’t expect anything different in the last race. As wonderful a driver as Max is, his EQ (Emotional Quotient) is pretty low…that of a petulant child. Still, I’m glad he’s in the sport…just hope he doesn’t kill anyone or himself before his career is done.
No he did not brake check Hamilton !! . He was told to slow to allow Hamilton back past . It was Hamilton's responsibility to drive past and avoid contact . !!!!  He wasn't paying attention . If you hit someone from behind on the road , you are always deemed at fault because A not enough room or B  not paying attention. Same principle on race track . Except when your Teflon Hamilton where nothing sticks and other guy gets the penalty.  The Stewards and FIA are so in Hamilton's and Mercedes pocket . F1 is so biased , memories of Senna Prost era . Prost always in the right , Senna in the wrong.
Gefeliciteerd met je huwelijk  from the Netherlands
Just like spoilt little kids , F1 has gone to the dogs , the most pathetic racing , bring back the good old days of decent drivers
Congratulation😀😀😀 and have some good time
congrats man!
As long as Hamilton doesn't win who cares! 😂🤣😂🤣
What about ty3 Brake check Hamilton did to Vetel a few years ago he didnt get punish?
beautiful wife. congratulations!
At the end of the day with all these facts, max is just trying his hardest to keep the championship in a car that isn’t on the same level as the Mercedes so kinda got to feel for the guy.
Max is a newer version of Michael Schumacher, and i won't lie, but i love it. He is young, aggressive, dangerous, extreme and crazy. F1 needs that type of racing, but Max also needs to learn to be a bit more responsible. I know thats contradicting, but Max has to choose his moments, to avoid these issues.
We got´cha bro, congratolations
An absolute champion and GOAT, Max is not. If telemetry data shows a deliberate and calculated brake check on another driver, that person deserves a several race ban if not kicked out of F1 for good. But with a race director that kindly asks RB if they are happy to decide together on a penalty for an earlier infringement, I guess we all know Max will continue to be treated like the favored spoilt child he is by the FIA.
These run-offs need mines and spikes not sand and cushions.
MICHEAL MASI IS TERRIBLE !!!!!THEY SHOULD FINE HIM!!!!!!
I notice everyone is failing to mention during the DRS overtake by Hamlton he hit Max sending into the unrecoverable slide around the turn. However I don't blame you as all the replay footage edited out the contact so all you saw was Max sliding!
Congrats brother<3
You can lie max is making this really fun to watch but with the way he is driving he will eventually cuse a vary bad accident.
Congrats on your marriage mate!!! And thank you for this video!
come on.  you're talking like a commentator.  not someone in the car.  mr. hamilton is a great driver.  but he's also a bully.  he pushed wide.  I'm not going to defend MVS.  But I lost all respect for LH at Silverstone.  You don't stick your nose in half way at 200KH+.  You just don't.  That's called "sportsman like conduct".  The difference between.   Fangio never did that.   ever.
Congratulations mate 👍🏽
No Max did not "brake test" Lewis.
My comment is on the track rather than the drivers. When you have repeatedly red flags, safety cars, virtual safety cars in ALL races of all categories in a street circuits that is fastest after Monza, you know there is something wrong with the track . But I figure, F1 is now owned by Americans so, car crashes is what American wants to see in races, 🤔🤷🏻 and this is the racetrack of the top sponsor Aramco. So nothing will be done, just hope no injuries will be involved. BTW the show quality of a continually interrupted race is really bad.
Congratulations!
Congratulation to you both ❤️
Are you really *BIASED* towards Lewis Hamilton and thought that it was a break test, i don't believe it and either do i believe that Max Verstappen should have gotten a reprimande OR warning(black/white flag) instead of a punishment which resetted the gap.
Lewis Hamilton is playing the color card and forcing the FIA give him the championship no matter what. Max is a better driver and Lewis is a cry baby.
Did you actually say “we’ll never know” when the title is of this is “did he break check?”  👎🏻
Of course he brake checked him, he's a little s**t...
the dutch child could rapidly decelerate by the rapid downshifts,clearly audible in the live footage. his defunct dad is trying to make him champ at all costs.he is, no doubt, a future champ, but keep it clean. as for your recent marraige....erm..erm..good luck
Verstappen is fast… but very unlikeable. Pretty sure everyone except the Dutch want Lewis to win this season.
hamilton won this race theres no need to all ur s   blablabla
CONGRATULATIONS on your Marriage.  I wish you guys true Love, Prosperity and Happiness throughout your Life together.
Well we now know Max brake checked Lewis, Max should have been DQ'ed from the race for endangering others, not the first time during this race.
He didn't brake test
Clearly the FIA maintains a double standard and also double punishment for some drivers. Give up a spot, TWICE, AND a 5 second penalty? The cheat and despair is so great it is palpable. Max simply is not allowed to win and the power and influence of Wolff and the Merc clan is immense an gets more desperate as the end of the season draws near.
Hamilton ran into Verstappen on purpose to draw a penalty
Rather you are for Max or Lewis, I think we all can agree the FIA has absolutely no clue what's going on,and does whatever comes to mind at the moment
Well considering data showed he did brake test him shows your talk crap 🤣
in my mind even if max wins his no champion. he just dont have a racing drivers mind.
If only mercedes was clear to Hamilton saying: we've just agreed that Max will give his position back, then maybe Lewis wouldn't have been right behind max at that time. Lack of communication leaves space for imagination.
So do u have an actual job?😃
Hey, remember in Texas when Kimi was forced outside by Alonso and gained a position? And he was never forced to return position? And people called Alonso a crybaby for asking for the position back?
Are you a hamiltonfan or a steward, ohhhh they are one.
Many congratulations and thanks for unwinding that crazy (but good) race. This weekend will be amazing.
I think Lewis knew max had slowed to let him past, but he also knew that max picked that place cause he knew he could retake Lewis immediately, that's why Lewis tried to stay behind. Luckily it didn't end as badly as it could have. 🇬🇧
both deserve what they got...  looking forward in coming WE... crash in first turn Merc vs Bull..
Max should never have had to give back the position for a 3rd time.. for two reason.. 1. He was penalized 5 seconds for the original incident.. negates the need for the position swap.. and 2. It’s not Max’s fault that Hamilton took a horrible line after Max gave the position back.. Max took what was given to him..  Your analysis is hardly unbiased.. leaving a few things out here….
You forgot to mention that Hamilton hit Max’s right rear with his front left wheel going in to the turn on lap 37.. Max didn’t just “go off the track”.. he was nearly spun around by Hamilton who got boxed out in the same manner he did to Max on the 1st restart on lap 15…
VER got a 5sec-pen for not giving the position back within 3 laps right? Then having left it too late, let him past unnecessarily. RedBull fuck up there…
When do you ever, "really need to", crash in qualifying?  0:17
does hamilton even have a driving license ?
Lewis should have received a penalty for refusing to pass Verstappen. Verstappen slowed down on multiple occasions to allow Lewis to pass, of course immediately after providing the opportunity anyone would step on it not to allow the distance between the two to increase too much. How could it be that Botas was not penalized for obstruction? It is literally the job of the driver to pass the car in front of him by refusing to do so Lewis should be at fault to some degree. The stewards were just incorrect in my view on many decisions this past race. Verstappen was clearly the fastest driver and deserved the win.
Yooo congratulations 🎊🎊🎊
Congratulations with your marriage!  I’m still wondering why Luis didn’t get any penalty for having more then 10 a 11 cars length it putted max in disadvantage and as result it caused that Luis/Occon problem…   Then again I didn’t understand the choice in  difference in penalties for Luis and Max… for me it just feels like Mercedes can go way more out of line then other teams…  But maybe it’s my Dutch glasses I look though xD
2.5G braking.......emergency stop in your car will be appx 1.5G at 70 mph
Hamilton is a legend. Whatever Verstappen did or not, Hamilton overtook him and kept opening time ahead, even not needing to risk because of Verstappen's 5 sec penalty.
Hamilton is a Fariy Queen.
Or was he trying to slice a tyre????
congratulations on your marriage, I hope it is happy and very very long :)
long marriage, we ll try to save you from this
I ask myself, is it ok to give a Position back strategically, or do you have to give the position back as soon as you got told. Because if hamilton would have pased in this section, he‘d have had no advatage.
Congrats.. Did Max pushed the limit? should't this be a normal thing to do if you wanna win. The only fear are the concrete walls
i was subbed to you now im not???
I find it interesting that Max got the same penalty for the collision that Lewis did at Silverstone. I'm also bewildered at some of the things that the stewards didn't even bother to look into. I really hope this weekend is nothing like this race was.
Max is so dirty
Why don’t we have gravel traps (that work) on these run-off areas?  If they are not possible then use soft crash barriers that damage car aerodynamics but not the structure or the driver.
The thing is that stewards decide the fact a penalty is in place, but then also decide what the penalty will be. That makes it a lottery. A good change in the right direction would be to determine the penalty based on the incident.   Pushing off the track is 5 seconds if the other driver can rejoin. If the other driver cannot rejoin 10 sec penalty. With clear rules that decide when a driver is pushing another driver off the track it makes it clear. Then every other detail around the situation don't matter. Sure it will not eliminate discussion, but consequently used it will hopefully avoid the idea the FIA is pulling one team or driver ahead.   I am sure the FIA is impartial. I have no doubt, but i do feel at times i have to force my self to think that way as the fact do tell a clouded story at best. As of today i still dont know why Hamilton got a reprimand for pushing Verstappen off the track, but Verstappen has to give a position back.   And i fully acknowledge Hamilton's talent, but man do i get tired of him playing Mother Terresa. He also drives with his elbows out. He calls Max crazy, but he reacts with equally crazy acts. I call it racing, and man these two are a class of their own.
imma help you by not subbing and saving your life rather than your marrige
VERSTAPPEN cheating again , he's an arse
Congratulations
That would be the record for the slowest and longest brake check ever. Hamilton slowed down with him. Why the F didn’t Hamilton go around!?!? And don’t give me the “no room” or swerve argument. These drivers push harder for a lot less.
Will they ever bring back gravel instead of run off zones? Pros and cons?
Boring as watching grass grow.
"Verstappen rejoined the track at full speed"  Are you smoking?
With driving like that, and throughout the season, Max hasn’t gained credibility of becoming a worthy champion. He’s dirty and doesn’t deserve it in my opinion.
Why are'nt you a commentator?
Agreed with the first restart. The problem is with Hamilton basically has no choice in that first restart but to push Max wide. If he leaves space, Max takes it, runs wide out the turn and forces Hamilton to break, hit him or hit the wall. And if Max doesn't leave the track, the stewards are almost certainly not giving a penalty unless Lewis does hit Max/Wall, and Lewis doesn't want to DNF (just generally, but especially given the championship situation). However, Max should have taken the longer line and rejoined later in the corner when he would have been much straighter. The way he did rejoin was dangerous and almost caused a crash between him and Lewis and Ocon.  Second restart was fine. It was on the line but just about ok. The space was there, he took it, three into one is always sketchy and a bit of little contact happens.  Lap 37 is bang on, its... i dont really know how anyone can argue against that being completely out of line from Max without being utterly disingenous.  I think the "break check" verdit is... fair. There is enough confusion around the whole situation to chalk it up as just a dumb piece of driving rather then malicious. I think holding an opinion that it was deliberate is... not an unfair one either, but I think its hard to say he absolutely did it with the intention of causing it wreck. I think it was frustation more then anything, but I think he is very, very lucky to only get 10 for it.  Lewis running him wide on the last corner was hard, but ultimately i think fair given that they haven't given a penalty all season for running someone wide if you stay on the track yourself (with the exception of when wide was onto the gravel in austria and i think there is a different there due to the surface.) I'm not a masssive fan of running people out wide, but theres really no way they can back track on that this late on in the season.
Simple answer. YES. Data showed that Verstappen had over 60 bar breaking pressure at that moment with 2.5g declaration force. Who will not call this breaktesting is not able to understand anything in the world. Not even the most simple things.
Titled, Did Verstappen brake check Hamilton, but the next 25% of the video whines on about if Verstappen shouldn't have been racing so hard before going into the wall...
This sort of driving should not be allowed! Formula1 isn't Forza online. If the only thing he can do to keep his position is to push the other car off track he should not be driving an F1 car. In DTM if you do this you get a black flag, do it again and you can go straight to the pit lane for a 5-second stop.
To hell with gravel traps, let's add tire spikes everywhere outside track limits. That would make them all think twice.
Hamilton was on her period. Or needed a snickers. She wasn't her / it-self.
Congratulations, hope you have a fantastic life together.
No, Max slowed to give Hamilton the place back, Hamiltons reactions weren't fast enough.
Max is a hothead kid raised to be entitled by an entitled dad, you give him so much leeway here he does not deserve.  HAM only does his part in response to Max.
Congratulations both…Subscribed ❤️
Congratulations 👏
Why not just have a drive thru penalty for exceeding track limits 3x like in moto GP?
I like max and I like Lewis however I hear what all the soft gently words the pundits say about max attitude. I just wish they would just grow a pair and admit that he is a arrogant driver ,great driver but still a arrogant little shit. He could become a great driver sadly his ego gets in the way and I know that Lewis is not  perfect either
Ban him from the next 5 races.
Well we now know that MV did 'brake test' LH. 2.4G is not insignificant. However this could all be avoided with a few easy changes to the rules. 1st would be that when a driver is ordered to let another driver pass the information is passed simultaneously to each team (that ought to be an easy tech fix). 2nd would be that a formal procedure must take place (ie the driver ordered to let another pass must move significantly & clearly over to the left (or right) until the pass is made, something else that ought to be easy to arrange & 3rd that any close-by DRS line is suspended so that the pass is meaningful & not the ridiculous farce we have seen.
Pushing drivers wide onto the run off to defend if you're ahead  is completely fair provided you don't leave the track yourself.  If you leave the track to do it then that's  another kettle of fish.
short story, hamilton has to race hard for his wins now instead of the last 7 years and if you ask me that is just what it makes fun to watch now..... lets be honest the race is between max and lewis... who gives a damn about the other drivers.
Congratulations and all the best for you and your wife!
biased
man, sorry to say but sound is awful
Going off the track should be immediately punished by forcing cars to lose time by going slower (say 90% their usual speed) for a while, as they do under VSC.  This way you force them to lose 5 secs on the first time off track, 10 secs on the second and so on.  The penalties should be automatic and not subject to stewards decision.   This would simulate what really happened when you went off track into the grass or gravel, i.e. you would lose positions and your race might be over.   Suddenly they will all start respecting track limits.
at 3:40 ish, you forgot to mention, Hamilton took a shitload of time and space to heat his tires before the start... in addition, with both VSC's, Hamilton and bottas played dirty... Can't help this, but I don't find your point of vieuw highly objective. In fact, I sense a hamilton fan. And that's ok. We just have different opinions, regarding the FIA, Hamiltons choice to not overtake before the DRS zone, and your opinion regarding a 'brake test' as the data turned out max in fact didn't do that. we'll see what will happen at Abu Dabi.
Bunch of girly boys in here.
Congrats!
About the position back on the restart: I think the deal was the right choice by Masi and the teams. Ocon getting between them made it complicated in normal conditions and the almost immediate red flag after the move happened essentially made it impossible to do it "the right way" and give the position back on track. Given they had to do something about it, I honestly think they  nailed it.  About the contact between Lewis and Max: Did Max do everything right and free of blame? No, the brake touch at the end was unnecesary. Was Lewis also playing games (Acknowledged it on press) and could have easily avoided contact if he didn't choose to basically park his front wing on Max's rear diffuser to not pass him? Yes.  Let's be honest: If Max didn't brake there and just waited for the next corner with Lewis there... Contact would likely have happened anyway. It's unfair to blame wholly Max when Lewis was not taking any kind of safety distance and got so close that any unexpected braking, car failure, twitch, etc on Max's side would have ended that way.   For me it's a racing incident, with a reprimand to each for their actions if you want to deal a penalty. Playing games and breaking with a car close to you is not right, the same way playing games and not taking a position back and thus potentially making your rival lose time unfairly while also getting dangerously close to him is not right.  In fact, Alex Wurz commented on this incident, talking about how giving positions back in a way that advantages you is unreasonable and one possible solution is to disable DRS for the yielding driver if they try what Max tried. And it's definitely interesting. However, they should also make then mandatory to take position back when offered, and thus impeding things like, for example, Teammate A not taking the position back to force yielding driver to slow down repeatedly and thus helping Teammate B to close the gap.
You forgot to mention that max had already slowed down by braking and shifting down to gear 3 before the “brake check” happened. That max was doing 30 km less than Hamilton during that period.
I trust your analyses so much!
Congratulations! Also first video of yours I've watched. Best video I've seen a out the subject. Just subscribed.
I mean: Hamilton willing to push other drivers wide, I mean ask Rosberg in 2016 haha
No, he didn't brake test, he was giving the position to Lewis but conveniently in the place where he would get drs to regain the lead in the first corner.
Of course Max is willing to lounge. DNFs help him. On the first restart he rejoined in front of Hamiton. On lap 36 he went hide, but since there was no Hamilton on the track, he completely skipped turn 2 and went almost straight. Max and his fans can cry all they want about it needing to be decided on track, but first he need to focus on staying on the damn track. If everybody is allowed to go wide like this to avoid an overtake, then we are left with only DRS on straights.  And they probably only gave him a 10s penalty because that doens't affect at all the championship and they saw they would be tied. They should not evaluate the consequences, but they do. Had Hamilton crashed after the contact, Max fight have got a DNF for that.
Verstappen made a mistake in a crucial moment of the season, which cost him pole position AND red bull made the wrong call with the medium tyres which didn't last long enough. Penalties, red flag's aside... Hamilton would've very likely won the race.
Congratulations! I hope u get the extra subs :D As a race driver what made Ham to crash into Ver? Why he went on the same line? Did he forgot no brake lights?? If he a race driver why he didn't pass Ver immediately? I just can't believe how lucky is Ham... even Ver's car damaged more from that incident... Well both did what they did... but M. Masi is an idiot for sure...
Suggestion: let’s do the final race without the stewards. They’ve been nothing but annoying idiots most of the season.
Just got married, already dealing with ultimatums on what he has fun doing. #normal
Bro the fans voted for max not lewis so don't talk about what the fans want when the driver of the day is max, not lewis. On its not how you overtake? watch the 2008 GP where lewis gives the lead back to kimmy then passes on the same straight and then goes on to win the race. So Lewis won by only 1 point are you saying he should give back that title win because he should not have had that win where he overtook kimmy on the same straight he let him past just a few seconds later.. what a hypocrite
Im sick of Anglo voices talking aboit F1. Abolutely sick
Hamilton had the racing line, verstappen choose to stay there and ended up off the track. smarten up.
Congratulations
Data says yes
Of course Verstappen did .. Lewis said it the instant it happened. Look for  V to crash out the Champ (or try) next weekend.
You have been defending Hamilton on every damn video.   This is frustrating
It’s called cheating.
So, all in all Hamilton was the most aggressive driver here and not Verstappen.
Congratulations mate on getting married
BS analysis check the facts!
We all know very well that Max Verstappen will always remain the moral winner of this 8th and last world title of Lewis Hamilton!
Morale of the story , "When the Green Flag Drops , The Bull Shit Stops" .  Ask an Insurance Agent Person who is Rear Ended is not at Fault,  or "Thats Racing Folks "
It was  great analysis, but I assume you did it before the overhead video came out. Hamilton initially maintained a roughly 10m gap to Verstappen but then closed to with a couple of meters then stayed at that distance for a couple of seconds before the collision. I have to wonder if Max didn't know he had gotten that close before getting on the brakes. He may have though Lewis was still at 10m, so he would have had time to react to the braking.
This is why Verstappen is a grub. Terrible driving lines , relying on others to avoid crashing , and never won a title of any league he's been in. Absolute knob jockey.
no is my answer
Shouldn't Hamilton have received a penaly for hitting Ocon?
That "break test" thing is the thing that bugs me.... why not just overtake if you're ham?  they weren't both going flat out and all of sudden he breaks... he slowed down before! weren't they racing? or is overtaking now done by FIA orders only? Ham should have received a much higher penalty of ramming the back of Maxs car
Max…”after you sir” Lewis…”no, after you…” Max…”I insist, you first” Lewis…”that’s very kind but I’d rather wait…” Max…”listen dickhead, drive round me! Lewis…”no, I’d rather not” Max…”oh well, kiss my arse then!” 😂😂😂
"My new wife..."  This guy do be getting them women.
No need for Hamilton to follow Verstappen so closely.. I would have liked it if Driver61 would have commented on the positioning of his car on track by Hamilton.. there was more than enough room to cover the inside of Verstappen to the next corner, without passing him before the drs-line.
Probable solution: Let them pass and do not overtake back for at least 5 corners, otherwise it will still be passed on to the stewards.
Max is a driver like senna .unfortunately if he dose not carm down he will KILL himself or a northern driver . He is using run off areas to much . Would not surprise me if max takes out Lewis this weekend. For championship win.
NO! They were both playing the "DRS" game but only Verstappen had an "official" reason to slow. He was ordered to. Hamilton's response--also slowing--is unreasonable as he had every competitive reason not to. He was only doing it to avoid the DRS line, and he caused an incident in doing so. There should have been a penalty.
Congratulations
Well we’re you in either of the cars, No, so you don’t know what was taking place in either drivers mind. Speculation that’s all you have,you are entitled to have an opinion, but this is not opinion it’s commentary which is pointless serves no purpose or resolves anything.
your bias is insane. Sponsored by Red Bull are you??
Congratulations!!!!!!!!! Wohoooo!!!!
How about two races-one without running off the track and one with? It's a bit like drug cheats, if you are clean and have to compete with a drug aided competitor it's not  the same event. Verstappen is similar to Schumacher senior, trying to win whether it's fair or not. It.  sets a very bad example.
Having seen verstappen run through the corner twice and gain an advantage that race i'm going to say that they need to bring the wall out closer to the apex  of the corner or include some sort of trap like speed bumps just like the Nouvelle Chicane at monaco. what he did twice was petulant and stupid. I know bringing the wall out is probably a safety concern, but if drivers are aware they can't use the run off then they'll be forced to think about their positioning going into the corner and actually take the racing line or wait for another overtake opportunity....allowing verstappen the opportunity to push another driver off or driving across them because he doesn't want to give up a position is nonsense, he knows he's protected by the a run off.
@Driver61 : I deliberately have not watched the race until after watching your breakdown.
Grtz!!! Have some fine weeks !
Lewis knew exactly what was happening. He tripped over his own lie. First he says it’s brake testing. Then he says he had no idea what Max was doing. Then he admits that he didn’t want to pass Max because DRS was coming up and Max would just pass him again. That is exactly how Max should have been driving. Perfect strategy. Any intelligent driver would have done the same thing...give back the position at a point where you know you can take it straight back again.
Did we really NEED the red flag. I mean really. Could we not have just used the Safety Car
Congratulations! I'd have watched the video anyway, but be well and look after your family.
Congratulations!!!!!!!
Verstappen is a reckless driver and a cheater.
Rules are not made to brake them in every race three times. In karting max would have received black flag.
It was a messy race, and not the way how I would love to see Max win. But I think there was a lot more leading up to these pivotal moments that were not addressed in this video, and where the rules are very unclear. Like how is Bottas allowed to slow Max down so much behind a safety car? And also the restart on hard tires for Max was bad due to Hamilton stalling behing for more than 10 car lenghts to deliberately cool off Max's tires for the restart. How is that allowed? That needs to be clarified, and behaviour like that is partially to blame for what happend in the race next. I would love to hear your perspective on these Mercedes behaviours.
Verstappens 2.4g VS Hamiltons 51g
Would have been a lot cleaner if they just disquallified Lewis at silverstone. Thats where he stole the GP.
3:10 thanks to keeping an debatable long space in between and thus created more time to warm up his tires.
Around min 4 you state that Hamilton made a legitimate defensive move. He missed the apex, which is not against the rules of course, but he MUST leave at least 1 car width on the exit, which he didn't. He pushed Verstappen out, as you state correctly, and that imho IS against the rules. Verstappen had no choice but to leave the track in order to avoid a collission. Verstappen had every right to try to go around the outside, and he DID leave more than a car width on the inside. I think it was Hamilton who needed to get the penalty for this particular move, no?
No video!!! Meh,..
Hamilton to make History. only one 🐐
Why didn't MaFIA notify Mercedes FIRST  about a planned swap?  It is quite literally THEIR fault that Lewis went up the rear of Max....... The whole reason Max did what he did was strategic. That low speed corner was the best place to allow a swap and minimize any gap. He had no awareness that Lewis had not yet been informed...... But why did Lewis's front wing suffer so little damage when it quite literally lifted  Max 6 inches off the ground ????? In a similar inc iui dent Tsunodas wing was completely removed. Lewis's right wing should have been destroyed at the expense of FIA's negligence in handling the needed swap.....
No. Verstappen was in Hamiltons head and he was trying to draft without realizing Verstappen was ordered to give up the position....(3 times)...So as Verstappen tried to move he saw Hamilton following him, not realizing he did not know he was told to yield.  The majority of the fault goes to race director.  All I'm wondering from the race is how did Hamilton set fast lap with a broken front wing?
When the stakes are high enough, people will cheat! It isn't beyond the realms of possibility that Max will deliberately crash Lewis (and himself) out of the final race to win the championship!
If he did,  Hamilton failed! Haha
Congratulations  &  All the best
But what about the fact that Hamilton was downshifting to stay behind Verstappen?  PS: congratulations on your wedding🥳🥳
Well the accident makes a very good wallpaper if I may say.. just look at the thumbnail
New wife…..😋
No...
Could you do a video on your big day as would be good to hear what you think of your marriage and what you hope you're Mrs will be like in the future and what you expect of her and what rules you have given her and see if she sticks to them  now that's what I would call a good video and could be good tips for others that are thinking about getting married💍👨‍👩‍👧‍👧👍
Just needs a rule tweak.  If you give the position back by a DRS detection zone then you are not permitted to use DRS.  If that cannot be automated then just apply a further penalty, or insist the positions be switched again...   Remember it should be a penalty to give up a position, not a tactical advantage...
Let me first start by saying that I'm neither a Lewis fan or a Max fan.  It becomes more interesting if you watch the footage of what Max's car did when he tried to let Lewis past the first time. The "brake check" incident. It's fine where Max tried to let Lewis through, no issues here. But you see Max initially go towards the right side of the track giving Lewis plenty of space. Then for whatever reason Max's car went left, towards the middle of the track and slowing down harder than before while swerving left and right. This caught Lewis off guard and caused the incident. In my eyes, Max was clearly at fault here for trying to make Lewis crash and possibly not being able to continue the race.  Max was lucky to only get a 10 second time penalty added after the race, because in my eyes Max tried to "fix" the championship by intentionally causing a collision.   I do love to se either of them be world champion though. Max because he would be the first Dutch (technically Belgian) driver to become world champion, and it would officially mean the end of the boring domination Mercedes has had over F1. But also Lewis to watch him beat Schumachers record. That's literally the only reason I want Lewis to become champion.
Max is a punk.
The boy got caught sleeping on the job.
No he did not.. He gave way for lewis. Lewis is such a duche
Congratulations
Was going to happen when FIA did nothing in Brazil
Congratulations on your marriage!! Thanks for posting on your honeymoon. Be blessed my man.
Two children in the best cars…
My frend told me: ,,F1 is now reality show''
Personally I don't think it was a brake test. Yes he braked quite hard which was probably frustration. To me it looked like he was already slowing in the corner, then moved to the right to let hamilton pass, thought hamilton wanted to pass on the outside and tried to steer back in. Add to that that Hamilton didn't know he was giving the place back and you get an accident. And let's not forget that Hamilton was going so slow inbetween his laps in quali that he almost crashed TWICE.
I really don't see what was wrong with the way Ver let Ham passed on lap 42. The only reason he was able to get back in front was because Ham made a huge mistake going into the corner.
Go Max
Congratulations sir
Clickbait titles erk me.  I know Youtube rewards clicks instead of time watched but can you just keep it real and say something like 'Analysis of the Max / Lewis brake incident'.  I'm more inclined to watch a video based on fact than sensationalism.  Hey I'm probably the minority, you do you.
Holy Hamilton. Don't forget 29 times offff haha
Your data is fals man. They both braked evenly. Better yet. Hamilton gave gass just before the crash. Check the telementrie.
Subbed because I don’t want your ‘new’ wife to become an ex-wife….though if she hears you refer to her as the new one you may get in trouble anyway!   Long marriage tip: Pick adjectives wisely when it comes to your wife. 😉🤣
The thing that surprised me was how often Verstappen used the run off area at turn 2(?).  Surely going off track repeatedly isn't permitted
You obviously didn't do any research. Just seems you watched the race and went off of what you saw.
Breaking news redbull apologize for braking on Lewis.
Sincere congrats!
As both Hamilton and Verstappen go into the final race with equal points it's going to be one of the most exciting races for years.  However, as Hamilton is up against someone who appears to like to cause controversy and deliberately crash, taking into account that if both drivers have a DNF then Verstappen wins the World championship this year based on his nine wins against Hamilton's eight.  It would not surprise me if Verstappen tries to take Hamilton out of the race by crashing into him even if both crash together and are out just as he did in a previous race. His behaviour is frequently like a spoiled kid and all he does is complain when things don't go his way!
All those rules... who benefits the most ? Mostly they are made to protect the top... against new commers. Frustating.. this is not racing by striving.. but by laws.
From each driver's perspective? 😂🤣😂🤣 You are yet another LH fanboy, sadly. If I am ordered to concede a position, I slow down and downshift, yet the moron behind me is playing games and won't overtake as HE IS BOUND TO DO then I have no other choice but to slow down even further and brake. He runs into the back of me. Even in every highway code on earth if you run into the back of a car in front of you it is YOUR FAULT. Yet, when LH does it, it is the victim's fault - the magic of F1, FIA Merc support team and an army of LH fanboys trying their hardest to white wash that cheat. Then your explanation of overtaking, different rules for LH (great defending pushing competitors off the track) and different for MV (he pushed LH off the track otherwise LH would have made a corner(WHAT???) so penalty) - very dissapointed! What goes around comes around, thankfully.
Lmao this isnt based at all
Congratulations man ;) great video as always 👏🏼
Fuck Hamilton. That Was Verstappen's Race.
Forgot to mention the reason of Verstappens bad first restart...(Hamilton delaying during the ride to the start positions)
Ppl that beg for subs and likes🤢🤮
Yes it was on purpose, and yes it was a brake check. To see this behavior from Verstapen doesn't surprise me. And i am almost certain that he will crash into Hamilton, if Hamilton is above him during the last race.
Biased Great Britain video once again
Congrats!
Thecomment at 6:55 about the gravel track would not have happened and you mentioned it yourself. Verstappen was going to do anything in his power to not let Lewis past. What deters him from driving him into the gravel trap when he's leading the championship with two races left?
One word YES
Gongrats you missed the part before the 2nd start were Hamilton left way more space then 10 cars so he could warmup tires better and letting Verstappen tyres cool down. That gave him the aced launch
HE didn't have a huge margin on his quality lap. He said he was 0.3 up on his delta (his fastest) but Ham was 0.14 faster than that so he only had about 0.16 in hand going into that last corner. It's in the interview with him.
Why did not you not include the extremely slow following of Hamilton (far more than 10 car lenghts) to the restart, to ensure the tires of Verstappen were cold and Hamilton would get an unfair advantage with his 'excellent start'? And yes, I'm Dutch and a Verstappen-fan.
FIA becoming increasingly pathetic
The thing that bothers me most is that this so called "break check", which already has mixed feelings from a lot of people, gave Max an extra 10 second penalty. These 10 seconds don't really matter much, but you're telling me that this so called breakchecking that had near to no consequences whatsoever is worth just as much penalty as Hamilton throwing Max into a wall at 51G forces that could've been a fatal crash? Okay FIA. Let's also just forget that Toto Wolff was just saying "Fuck you all" with literally no consequences at all. Seeing a little bit of a bias here at the FIA tbh.
Let's be honest most punishments towards Verstappen were valid. It was kind of odd that he had to give back and also got an additional 5 seconds.   I just don't get it why Verstappen was punished on all points. Yet Hamilton cutting of verstappen forcing him on the grid was allowed and Bottas driving dangerously slow before pit stop was allowed. When the race is being made about punishments, everyone should be punished for their reckless behaviour.  And let's still be honest Hamilton did still ram verstappen when he could have dropped speed on the left side to avoid collision
Blame the FIA on this collision. They told Max to give the position back and didn’t inform Mercedes. Max and his team got clever and Hamilton crushed into the back of the Red Bull because he was not aware what was going on initially and when he came to his senses it was late. When he complained that Max brake checked him his team corrected him and told him he was told to give the place back.  Very bad communication by the race stewards
he is a true racer
The brake check accusation will never be on point because Lewis had A LOT of room to overtake Max in that scenario, and overtaking is part of racing, if I remember correctly. Lewis will only win his 8th championship if the FIA helps him do so, or if Max blunders in Abu Dhabi, which is unlikely because he won there last year.
1.53 it’s Everything not “ everythink “ ask your new wife congrats
Just too many ads. 3 sec of video per second of ad? At some point, trying to monetize to that extent will cost you viewership. Me for example.
Max deserves a penalty in the final race for the brake check. Incredibly dangerous move however, I suspect that the stewards will choose not to give him a penalty as, with both drivers level on points, they will not want to be seen as giving advantage to Lewis.
Congrats!
Max should have gotten a big penalty for rejoining the track in an unsafe mannor on the second restart, it was his bounce over the kerb at full speed that caused all the front runners to brake hard and therefore caused the Consatina effect that lead to all the incidents on the second restart.
congrats mate
Max has run Lewis completely off the track twice in two races! He is driving dirty! Lewis is faster & max knows the only way to win is play dirty tricks!
Congratulations brother!
Can’t wait till next year to see George Russell in that Mercedes
Congratulations! I just got engaged last week cant wait for the wedding
Reminds me Senna and prost battles or Schumacher and Villeneuve
I'll help you out regarding marriage.  I've unsubscribed for you 😄
All these fucking rules. Bruh we have two alphas fighting for the most prestigious driving title there is.  There will be contact and big risks.  Idfk why everyone is so surprised
What a BS headline. You could have started at the facts. Pathetic.
Who cares? Did Coulthard brake check Schumacher in the rain and almost kill him? Schumacher was winning and lapping Coulthard. This here is nursery school F1 Where are the real racers? Do we win now with rules&appeals and penalties, and whining ? Drivers need to grow a pair.
Didn't VER know he was 3/10s up on Lewis at the time he crashed? I think Lewis had already done his second run when Max did his and the delta on his wheel could have been to to Lewis? At least that's how it sounded in the post quali interviews, but I could easily be wrong;)
Congratulations 🎉
It seems that for most of the crashappans fans, the thing they like about him most is that he's white.
I have (conspiracy) theory about the “brake check” accusation.  Earlier in the week Max was associated with a comment that he would crash into Lewis to secure the Championship title.  The FIA warned Red Bull that if they did this they would be disqualified and Lewis would win the championship by default.  Now for the Conspiracy part of my theory.  Lewis intentionally ran into Max to get him disqualified for his number 8.
Hamilton, in my opinion acted like a spoiled brat in this race. He complained about everything Verstappen did and then did the same thing to him in the end. I personally am pulling for Verstappen to win it all because he has had everything going against him these last few weeks including the rules commitee it seems….  Still the best season yet!
Congrats Scott
As a total outsider who never followed F1 and just found your channel a few days ago through your collaboration with Donut Media, it sounds to me like Verstappen is flustered and panicking. I don't know who is actually the better driver or by how wide a margin, but I think Max thinks Lewis is the better driver and Max is desperate to do anything to win anyway. In any case, I'm rooting for Hamilton. Based on what I've seen here and on Donut, he's the better person of the two.
If F1 was into fairness, they would split up the money fairly.. Lewis drove Max off the track, more times then the reverse. Yet, Max gets 3 penalties, and Lewis gets a strong warning. It's easy to see when you don't have a favorite in the mix. I bet every team wishes they could use soo many engines as Mercede's. If they split the money evenly, maybe more teams could actually take the fight to Mercede's. Very strange racing series. We have nothing like this in the States. Never seen any series, have stewards applying their interpretation of the rules differently depending on who has just been pointed at. Congratulations on getting married. Your opinions are very even keeled, so you should grow old happily together! Good luck in your future!!!
To be honest, watching Max’s onboard you can see him looking in his mirrors and moving the steering Left/Right/Left.   Maybe he’ll never admit it and we’ll never truly know, but if that wasn’t a deliberate Brake Test I don’t know what is
No....next  Oh, F1 drivers brake test each other in FP1, FP2, FP3, and Especially in Qualy1, Qualy2 and Qualy3 (slowing up online). Never watched F1 before in your life mate?  The mistake in this incident was that Hamilton's Mercedes bute team didn't inform him quick enough that Max had been told to give the position back. Shades of Brit Damon Hill, deciding to pass a stricken Michael Schumacher during the Adelaide 94 GP, at his first opportunity, before weighing up the situation, he needn't have tried to pass Michael. Very similar here, Lewis was no doubt all over his radio, screaming to his team, this guy is crazy! He passed me off track in T1, he has to give me the position back! C'mon Lewis is a 7 time WDC, "you'd have to get up very bloody early to catch him out with a .....brake check."
congratulations to finding someone to put up with you!!
I’m happy for the competition and excitement but this driving off the track thing feels like they straight up cheating. I would do the same in games as a kid purposely knowing I would get a penalty. They’re basically exploiting that. Otherwise the races are getting fun
Congrats! Really love getting a driver's perspective. Thanks for posting, and best wishes!
Confused or not what racing driver stays behind a slow moving car especially if its for the lead, I don't understand what Hamilton was doing
Best championship run I can remember. Two racers putting it all on the line. Loving every minute of it!
I do enjoy all the Lewis fans completely ignoring how Hamilton tried to run Ocon off the track on the second restart. And Bottas running up on Max on the 1st restart so Max couldn't brake or else he would've been hit by Bottas and been knocked out. Hamilton and Mercedes push the rules just as much as everyone else, they're just hypocrites who cry about everything
Congratulations man.. wish u happy long life🙏🏻
Can you guys go past the RACISM in your DNA to see the Truth for once, Max BRAKED  to have Lewis crash into him, in real life Max would have gone to jail for attempted mansl—-ter.
Subbed.. lets get that 10k subs. preventing the wife from "overtake" away with DRS. congrats man!
Put in gravel traps instead of paved run off areas and I predict Max will have to change his driving style quite a bit.
Congrats, she's beautiful!
Great win for Hamilton!! I probably drive more like Verstappen so I do appreciate his tenacity. However, because of Verstappen's immaturity it makes him reckless. He's going to get someone hurt. Probably one of the most fearlessly gifted drivers to drive but emotional immature. Not to mention Red Bull's team chief constantly eggy him on. It's a mess but they need to grow up and stop acting as two brats.. Go Hamilton!!!
Thumbs up if you remember back then when run off areas were consisted of grass, gravel, tire and concrete walls 😬
Congrats
Congratulations!, for a long lasting eternal love in good and in bad times!, maybe you can help me here: Im VERY certain that in Abudahbi, Max will do antything to take Lewis out ( if so hell be champion cuz he has more winning races than Lewis), question: do you think Lewis will risk overtaking him in a corner?, or how could Lewis approach this weekends race?
Is it even legit to say, that Hamilton ran Vestappen out of the road on the final pass? Again, he was fully in front, Verstappen braked much later, Lewis possibly not on the regular racing line, but on the other hand rather on slow-in, fast out line. Considering everything, not even from frustration, rather of safety, I would do the same (not safety of position, but general safety)
Can we please just note that whenever Hamilton pushes Max wide or closes the door on him, his 4 wheels are always within the white lines. Whenever Max closes the door, he ends up going off track, while forcing Hamitlon off track too by lunging into braking zones.
For 2022 they should include some airports as race tracks, that way MV wouldn't have to worry about corners, he's clearly got an issue making them...
Congratulations <3
Hehehe this is the english lobby that controls F1, trying to punish Max. The F1 in the last decade is a shame.
Not really fan of these Verstappens defends where he doesn't even try to stay on track. Stewards just taking stupidly lenient approach when they should just give straight away 5-10 second penalty for stupid stunts like that. But with approach they have took its now kind of fine, perhaps, maybe, possibly. Probably even stewards have no idea, lol.  But point is that defends like that should not be part of racing, period.
I don't think he brake checked him. I think he was confused when Hamilton didn't pass him immediately. You could see him looking in either mirror and then moving to the left in case Hamilton had tried to go to the right (even though that had the least room, but a reasonable guess as to why he hadn't passed sooner). He probably then braked a second time as the DRS line was in his mind, but it was a situation precipitated by Hamilton's initial confusion. As someone who has raced karts, if my opponent slowed I'd have no hesitation in going past them immediately.
Hamilton push MustCrashHim wide, step back a week or two. The stewards clearly said that was alright. 😂
f1 regulation is the worst, that explains this video at best, im sure hamilton will win the title, verstapen is not the fia favorite. since alonso win in 2005 and 2006, i learned that world champion is made by regulation
congrats!!!
Question is nót if Verstappen break tested Hamilton, the question is: Why did Hamilton hit him ?
But no real comment on the going on's  from the master??!! Who was really wrong and why - and why does his lordship Hamilton gets away with what he does. AND than blaming the other driver???? What a loser.
Fck Hamilton!
Not sure Hamilton run it wide because he was annoyed. He did it to defend the position. If it wasn't for that, it would be another lap where Verstappen was giving position and to take it right after that. Remember in the past, this kind of maneuver had been penalized. Hamilton for example was stripped from a victory in Spa after something like this in the past against Kimi...
time stamps?
Congratulations to you and your beautiful bride!
I think under a red flag you should not be able to do any to the race car.
FIA is never going to allow Max to win the Championship.
Vercrashen is just a dirty cheat
The state of the stewards this race was it shambles. THIS CANNOT HAPPEN IN F1.
It’d be interesting to see where VER positioned his car when he was letting HAM by, and where he hit the brakes. Based on what we saw from HAM’s car, he was in the middle of the road and I don’t believe it’s ground for a penalty, we’re looking at a race ban due to how dangerous the move was, moreover when it’s fuelled by the advantage in points VER would have carried into the last race had HAM slammed into the back of the RB.
Congrats mate, keep it up!
Brake check? No. When cars are racing for the first position, you pass as soon as possible. F1 is becoming the Egames in real life. Pathetic to watch them make the rules up as they go along. And please Wolff 🙄, we all see you looking at the camera before pulling your little boy tantrums. It's getting old. Why do we have to see your face anyway during a race? Lobbies, money, and technology. Then the driving talent.
Congratulations!!
Want to be world champion in formula 1?  Criteria number 1 - Be born British Criteria number 2 - if you`re not criteria 1, don`t race in formula 1
Mazapin avoid Hamilton full speed, but Hamilton couldn't stop hitting Max after following him slowly thorough a corner? Hamilton is a joke, he is lucky that Mercedes is still keep paying the bribe money to FIA
Congrats on the marriage, and finding someone who'll let you wander off to make a video :)
Great to hear your professional and (in these cases probably more important) unbiased view and comments!
Very glad Donut Media sent me here
Weaving and and brake testing. Black Flag. He also should have been penalized during this race, for an unsafe track re-entry when he put Hamilton behind Ocon and for passing right after giving a position (like Hamilton got 25 seconds penalty in 2008 Spa). Max should have got about 50 seconds of penalties and 6 license points penalties. Or a Black Flag really.
I know you are trying to be 'balanced', but when Hamilton drove Verstappen off the track (while staying on the track himself) you describe it as deliberate. When Verstappen drives Hamilton off the track, so hard he himself goes off, you describe it in hand-wavy terms as missing the corner.  Verstappen is a much better driver than that, he doesn't randomly and accidentally miss corners when Hamilton is passing him, he knows exactly what he is doing, it is quite deliberate and repetitive. when Hamilton passes him, he simply skips the corner and drives them both off the track by 'braking late'. Its not the same thing as Hamilton squeezing wide when Verstappen is barely alongside, which is a common move and only looks dramatic because Verstappen is so hyper aggressive he doesn't back out when he has already lost the corner.  Hamilton is very willing to push drivers wide if they try and dive around the inside or outside late. But verstappen will entirely drive off the track to push off people who have entered the corner ahead of him. These are not the same thing, and need to stop being conflated as the same thing.  Being balanced is fine, and I am NOT a Hamilton fanboy, but these are not the same incidents. Verstappen takes his aggressive driving beyond what anyone else on the grid does, or has done since the Senna/Schumacher days.
2 Gs is a throttle lift, not braking. Look it up.
Congratulations !
So max let Hamilton pass 4 times through out the race, still recieved 15 seconds in penalties. Whiles bottas was too slow during the safety car, Hamilton clearly taking too long to get to his position, and pushed max off as well, failed to overtake safely when max was giving up the place. And max still gets second 🤣
Congratulations mate!
Is there a big snott in your nose?
Max breaking at over two G !  Can that be a mistake in a F1 car by one of the most skilled drivers in the world?  (By the fact they are in F1 with a super car licence should deem them to be at a skills level way above the common driver)
Should there be a rule where if a driver has to give the position back they are then not allowed to attempt to overtake for the next three corners?  That could penalise other following cars if there where three or more in a bit of a train at that part of the race!
I think f1 needs an “advantage” system like in Rugby for borderline overtakes - if the car ahead can’t pull 2-3s clear within a few laps then they can be ordered to give the place back if they’ve overtaken or defended aggressively
I really don't get why stewards decided to give Max a 5-second penalty after he gave the place back (the overtake after the "brake test")
10 second penalty for break checking someone is absurd especially when the penalty had no impact on the race result but the brake check could have.
Max's car telemetary registered 2.4G in braking force at the moment of impact .... To put that in perspective an astronaut experiences around 3G on take off, slamming your brakes on as hard as you can won't exceed 1G in most road cars ... 2.4G is a hellova lot of braking force ... so did Max carry out a deliberate brake test to take out his rival at a time he knew his tyres were fading and Lewis was clearly going to run away with the race? ... or did Lewis deliberately run into the back of his rival, thereby reducing his championship chances? ... Putting aside the question of who has the motive, I personally think 2.4G probably answers it.
I can't recall the last time I saw a driver receive so many penalties in one race
Thanks for taking time out of your wedding celebration, may your wife forgive us.
Even if this didn’t happen at all Lewis would’ve won by a mile regardless, Max’s tires were dying at the end and Lewis was still putting in fastest laps. Not to mention Max was given a 5 second penalty for a different incident. This incident was weird but really didn’t affect anything imo.
Causing dangerous situations is not racing
Congrats on your day, Mr and Mrs Mansell.
Did not even answer the question!?
Congrats and good luck
It doesn't matter any more, it  will be a Mercedes stolen championship,  if they winn, all the same.
congrats
👍
Verstappen had cold tyres due to Hamilton holding up the pack (there are rules but no penalty for Hamilton) This explanes the bad start and the change to the medium tyre witch let to the win for Hamilton. On the onboard camera we see Hamilton break behind Verstappen and gear down three times. He drives behind Verstappen because he doesn't want to overtake him before the DRSline. So Verstappen is ordered to let Hamilton overtake, gives every opportunity and still get a penalty. there is no break test, if you get hit from behind it is the end of your race, but you can always get a new nose from your team.
All I'm gonna say is this: Max braked harshly, yes... *AFTER already having slowed down going off the racing line to let Lewis past,* the latter not going for it, slowing down with Max just for the DRS detection zone bs (which shouldn't have played a role in the stewards decision making). Stop saying: _"lOoK aT tHe dAta!"._ You sound like an idiot copy pasting comments that are interpretations from what the FIA report stated.  Lewis had plenty of time to get by him when Max already slowed down off the racing line, but "he was confused" and slowed down, staying behind purely for the DRS detection zone..  If it's in Lewis' right to stay behind him for that reason, it's justified for Max to try and give the position back in that way. Although imo, neither should be 'allowed'. It's 2 separate things. 1. giving back the position 2. on track strategy games between drivers The fact that the 2 were looked at in one big picture is bs.      (if you're going to fight this with all of your life's effort, remember it's about nothing, since the outcome of the race wouldn't have changed and wasn't changed with the penalty, I'm stating this purely out of principles)
Hamilton gets all the breaks, the FIA is in Mercedes pocket. It's quite obvious from the penalties handed out and decisions made. This has been going on for some time now. Ridiculous! And the end here, Toto is a total A*SHole My opinion!
Massi is making a complete fool of himself and there is no argument that Max brake-checked Lewis. I'm all for wheel to wheel racing but this was plain dangerous and should have been penalized way more than 10 seconds, imho.
you forget to mention why Max had a bad start
This is F1 NETFLIX.Someone wrote scenario for every race anfortunaly...
Looked to me that Verstappen tried to get Hamilton to make enough contact to take them both out. Result of that would be that Verstappen is home and dry for the championship as he will have the greater amount of wins!
3:47 - How is that fair? What if there was no run-off area instead barrier?
FIA Stewart's are a joke.  Both drivers caught running each other off the road and the break check in center of the track.  We'll never see a fair race
Get rid of the DRS, get rid of asphalt run-offs and place more walls/gravel traps. Most problems solved.
Graz. Here's my sub to keep the marriage going :)
Congratulations
We will help you, anything to save your marriage and the channel
Congrats on the marriage!
No not brake testing . Hamilton had two sides to pick from and he still hit Max .
Many people just can't accept (believe) that Lewis made an error. He is human you know.
A fine and objective summary on a crazy GP. Max during the quali reminded me of Senna in Monaco, 1988. Lewis had a magnificent lap,  then came Max but got lost in the "tunnel".
Congratulations ❤️ I am a subscriber 🤩 Enjoy the honeymoon 🌞😍
thoughs and prayers for you our fallen soldier haha Congrats man! Go bless you
The Jeddah race was a complete shitshow. FIA let it get way out of hand last couple of races and Masi clearly has no handle on Lewis and Max. I agree with Bernie Ecclestone, that Max is penalized more because of the huge political machine behind Hamilton from Toto, Merc and the predominantly English press. Both Lewis and Max have used tactics that are very questionable, but the blame is mostly with the FIA and the Tilke tracks.
On the radio ---- JP said something like 'you didn't quite need to do that'. Anybody know the exact response from verstappen? Was it like 'it's none of your business'?
I have liked Verstappen before but in this competition he constantly behaved like an idiot .... I hope he loses in a nice way future competitions.... 😍And good luck to you both💑
I'm also neutral, but isn't Max moves into turn 1 also considers "dive bombing" and is very dangerous, also not allowed? Hence he should yield for Lewis because Max is too far back to have right to the racing line? If that made sense...
Lucky Lewis... I hope his luck runs out and Max will win.
Congrats on your marriage! Fun fact: I designed the Runoff area art at the Jeddah circuit and those are amazing shots featured on your video. Did you like it?
I hate drivers going off the track when they just can't accept they have lost the corner. Perhaps a new type of "gravel trap" should be mandatory on all run off areas which allow cars to continue and return to the track, albeit at a significantly slower pace. So positions are lost. Maybe some type of long artificial grass. Drivers would have to weight up the risk vs benefit, it wouldn't end combative racing like gravel traps do but would punish drivers who have no respect for track limits.
Congratulations and wishing you guys  the best
I just keep saying you have a DRS train and a DRS break zone;)
Of course he did. Mad Max will try anything to win.
It doesn't matter what you call it. I don't care if it can be called a breaktest. I am interested in the fact that that idiot hitted the break with 2.4 G right the moment when the other guy was 2 meters behind him. We all know it both dnf, it's good for the idiot. So i am pretty sure he will even try to take out the other guy every wich way he possible can during the next race, just to decide the title for himself. then he'll get a 10sec penalty and two more points but the damage is already irreparable. He doesn't have a place in this sport with this attitude. He is talented as hell, but he has a soul that belongs to hell. He should get rid of his stupid father and of the two other idiots who enable and cuddle him for his dangerous behaviour.
Imagine how simpler it would be if track limits were actually the limit of the track. If a driver can remain/gain position by leaving the track and returning without a physical penalty (gravel/grass/wall etc) then this argument will continue forever. You can blame Max or Lewis as much as you like but the problem begins in the track layouts. So off we go to Abu Dhabi....
Whoever win the championship, it is a dirty year.
Congratulations
Congrats!! Thank you for your great insights during a time so very special for you and your wife!! My advice ... if you want it ;-) ... Forget us for now and never ever forget your wife!!
I remember Eccleston being asked in an interview if he had deliberately made F1 boring ( in order to devalue then buy back a share in F1).  He said no but you can understand why the question was asked when you compare today's races to the races of the 70's and 80's. Tune in tomorrow when we discuss, "How to make something sound exciting to keep the viewers". This replaces the planned episode of, "What is the fastest snail in Lewis Hamilton's garden"!
Congratulations! Your wife is beautiful!
Congrats on your wedding!!!!
Off sure
Congratulations! 🥳
I will not be surprised if Max break tested him.
Hamilton knows very well how to victimize himself; but truth be told, if someone is deaccelerating, he will absolutely know it and take the position; what hamilton did was wrong, very wrong, and no one is talking about that.. Of course Verstappen afterwards hit the brake like a crazy bastard and that is something you shouldnt do even to your worst enemy...
I've been watching F1 since the late 1990's and I've never seen such consistent vicious racing between two racers.
A decent neutral video on the topic. Max and Hamilton fans are still going to be annoyed 😂
Congrats on getting married.
You know what else is frustrating to fans, Merc dropped in a new ICE in Brazil, and since then his car has been in a league of its own. Then Lewis whinging about track position when he knows he's a .5 to 1 second a lap faster than the Redbull, enough where it's not going to be an issue.
To be fair? Not quite my man you should have also noted that Hamilton also went out of the track don’t believe me go back and watch the entire replay. Yet like always Max always gets screwed over. I’m so sick of Hamilton, he’s the LeBron of F1. Always crying and flopping.
Brake test ???  https://youtu.be/wmGZWiPa2R8
Boyscouts or the F1 races, fastest in the world? Take Max out and you will be left with a Parade.  Lewis knew about the DRS, he tries forcing Max.
Huge congrats man, always loved your videos and the insights you share!
Getting tired of these clickbait titles. You are spending 40 seconds on a 9min video on what seems to be your main question in the title. And you can’t even give an answer but only state the obvious or known facts. Clickbait really is the new disease of the internet..
If Max had driven within the limits of his car,  he would already have won the world championship.. He overdrives and ends up getting penalties. Of course, those penalties are everyone else's fault.. His lack of maturity is to blame..
I dont know why this is a video? It was proven and looked pretty clear from the get go
Thank you for using the proper term "Brake Check"!
Every pilot concedes his position after a sanction by braking ... There is no other way ... If Lady Hamilton didn't want to receive de position and then approaches dangerously Max's car from behind, it's his fault, not Max's ...
Tell your wife I subscribed......
I'm not a Hamilton fan, but Verstappen also stayed in the middle of the track whilst slowing down when he was supposed to let Hamilton pass.  If Verstappen doesn't get control of his emotions, he could well do to his career what Vettel has done, i.e. ruin it.  And after watching Michael Massey operate in his role for some time now, I believe that Charlie Whiting was a FAR better race director.
Congratulations on getting Married.  However Mad Max is dangerous and will end up killing himself or someone else with his dangerous driving.
Verstappen was just relentlessly late braking into corner one in a way that he would never make the corner whether Lewis was there or not. He has complained about the penalties he received but its easy to get to a corner first if you don't actually plan to make it around the corner within the track. They should put gravel run offs again
The ‘brake check’ incident was the result of poor communication by the FIA to both drivers. Verstappen was told to give up his position while Hamilton had not been told yet to expect this. Ergo, both drivers have no blame for the unfortunate incident. However, if Hamilton had been told and he still refused to take the leading position in the spot he was offered it, Hamilton is to blame for the collision - not Verstappen.
I think its stupid that you dont have to leave any room but can drive people off. That the problem with the rule and doesn’t make the driving better
why noone is talking how much of a space created between hamilton and bottas at the first safety car?
It was evident that when Max was told to give back the position "strategically" must've predetermined prior to the race which means to take Lewis out coz he will never gain back the lead. I am very suspicious of this incident as Max has nothing to lose from it.
Hamilton...what a Whiner...Drive him in to the wall...another corrupt sport F1. To many people get paid by Mercedes
Kulchi Mabrouk (Congratulations in my language) dude wish you the best ✌  Yes Verstappen is really aggressive but To be honest that's what i want to see in racing (maybe he was a bit too much tho) but i got a question. Why didn't hamilton and/or bottas get penalized for letting too much space between him and verstappen for lewis and for slowing verstappen for bottas ? Maybe for Valteri, he wanted a gap between him and hamilton in order for mercedes to do a double Pit-stop, but for lewis letting a  huge gap to warm his tyres and cooldown verstapen's... ? and there's a rule around this so in my
Hamilton the biggest whiner even.  what a pathetic stress neck.... Formula 1 another corrupt sport.. To many people getting paid by mercedes...
Dedication !! On your honeymoon!! Fair play 👍 Great assessment
2:13 i gotcha bro
Congrats!
Congratulations on the marriage! I wish you many years of Bliss! And thanks for the great videos! I think the current driving styles are giving F1 a black eye.
Congrats man !
Yes, hence the 2.4g deceleration leading to an erratic breaking penalty
No look to the race graphes
Absolutely unfair calls towards max. Even as a hamilton fan its impossible now to be happy if hamilton "wins" the championship since we know he wouldnt be able to win it anymore if the FIA would have made fair decisions. From bahrain to silverstone to this weekend. Just ridicilous.
Congratulations!!
Congrats!
7:31 it's really simple. Max only had one place where he could give the position by cheating. He needed to slow Hamilton enough at that narrow choke point, so Max could just take the 1st position back with DRS. That's why he went back on the gas after he failed to cheat and letting Lewis past after that didn't benefit him anymore. I don't think he meant the crash but to leave Lewis with as little space as possible so he would be both at slow speed and had to make an evasive bigger turn to overtake leaving Max with the advantage.  There is no other explanation because why would anyone give a position by nearly stopping at the beginning of a straight. If Max wanted Lewis to go by he would have slowed down a few % and stayed on the tight just to let Lewis past.  That's what the radio signal to Max was about when they messaged him "so let's give the position back to Hamilton. Obviously do that strategically"  Red Bull and Max had most likely planned that if they are side by side in that corner that it's a viable plan to cut the corner and "give" the position back in a place and in a way that Max can DRS the position back.  Max was straight up cheating because without him cutting the corners and slowing down Lewis at the strategic choke point and then DRS, Lewis would have just dissapeared from Max's view.  It was cheating out of desparation.
Quem bate atrás está errado
Max should be banned for life. Do u know how drivers call him ? "Mad Max". Dont get me wrong, Max has incredible tallent, but he is dangerous not only for other drivers but for himself too. Remember what happen in Spa ? What would be if LH has no heilo ? He was death man! The heilo saved LH life from Max crazy driving. Mark my words guys, if Max be allow to drive, soon or later he will kill someone, or kill himself. I dont wish it but it will happen if Max are not out or start driving as a other drivers does. Do you remember Pastor Maldonado ? Max is the same kind of crazy. The best FIA desition was to remove him from race forever.
Kind of tired of your bias in favor of Hamilton.
Lewis being told to pass and not passing is deserving of a penalty because if you never pass, you win because the other player would have the position revoked if they finished in front. You either run down the remaining time of the race or you play fair.
Hamilton didn't win anything. They gave it to hamilton in a display of horrible corruption. Why bother to have the race.
if Perez Crashes with Max in the first lap.... Christian Horner Be Like: Ok Your Going To Be Replaced With Daniel Ricciardo🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
The most frustrating thing was, that HAM was even with severely damaged Frontwing faster than VER. Ridicules and shows how superior the advantage for HAM with the mercedes is.
Ohhh yes he did
for a better analysis of the "braking incident"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGZWiPa2R8&ab_channel=MarcelFischer
Enjoy your honeymoon. Your wife looks great.
crashtappan
Congratulations! Already a subscriber. I would subscribe twice, if I could. Best F1 analysis!
Congratulations
Psychopathic as ever, it's time they suspended Mad Max's licence!
Scott,all the best on your new way,but stop taking a piss,if she has taken you as you are,than even if you start cleaning streets out of a rubish if she realy loves you will stay no metter what ,fellow😂😂😂😂all the best from a Pole living back at home after 15 years in the UK
Take a breath Brother. Congratulations and enjoy the dawn of your marriage.
Short answer: yes. VER deserved penalties on four separate occasions in that race. Masi is a disgrace.
The key difference in the two defensive approaches of Hamilton and Verstappen is that when Hamilton forces someone wide, he remains on track in doing so. Verstappen however does not, as we have seen multiple times now, and instead throws himself wide too. That, for me, is absolutely key. For that reason, he is also the reason that Hamilton misses the corner, so Red Bull's excuse that both drivers missed the corner is somewhat nonsensical.
Marko has admitted that from new evidence that MAX DID BRAKE TEST LEWIS and he's apologised on max behakf
Would be quite good fun if a rule was brought in for the race to match qualifying, all 4  tyres beyond the white track line and your lap is cancelled, so your now a full lap down on the race leaders. That should avoid anyone going off to gain an advantage and also make people back off when they've no chance of the corner.
go dutchey go no need for the knuckel dragger to be there
If the maFIA was 100% real they would’ve punished Hamilton for almost causing accident with mazepin.. but that would lead to grid penalty this upcoming race. Furthermore it was clearly Hamiltons fault that he run into Max, you can hear him downshift a couple of times, he could overtake Verstappen easily but deliberately didn’t do it. What if Verstappen gets an enigine failure, is Hamilton going to stay behind Verstappen as wel😅😅
While I don't think he break tested him, he is at fault for the collision and deserved the penalty.
This is a great analyses of a chaotic race. I disagree with the 10 sec time penalty Verstappen got for the breaktest. It’s absolutely ridiculous that a race driver doesn’t overtake if he has the opportunity. What is your perspective on the gap Hamilton made (more than 10 cars) before the race restart and didn’t get punished for that? Congratulations on your marriage!
Driver 61+1. Congrats bro
Congrats!
The telemetry tells a very clear story if you are familiar with the art of brake checking. When executing a proper brake check there are a two fundamentals to pulling it off and causing the most disruption. First stab the brake suddenly and just ferociously enough to scare the other driver. Then you need to accelerate as rapidly as possible immediately after checking to avoid getting slammed into from behind. To do this you downshift another gear so that you get maximum acceleration after suddenly slowing. When executed properly it really pisses the guy off that gets brake checked.  If you look at Max’s telemetry you see that he downshifts to third right before hitting the brakes and then flooring the accelerator.  It’s a clear cut case of brake check 101.  I believe Max didn’t intend for Lewis to hit him which is why he checked then accelerated. Unfortunately for Max, at the exact moment he went for the check, Lewis had decided to overtake. Again this is clear from the telemetry. Lewis accelerated just before Max checked.    The FIA failed Motorsport by not punishing this act properly. I’m sure everyone in the room knew that it was a brake check, but exactly like Brazil, they don’t want to make a decision that reduces the spectacle they have orchestrated for this weekend.
Congratulations mate! I hope your marriage will be as wonderrful as your videos. Keep up the great work!
You got married......my condolences,   Lol❤️🇨🇦
I know people who were max supporters mid season whove gotten annoyed at the antics/shenanigans over the last two races.
He , Verstappen, was looking for the crash the hole GP, a Hamilton out, even with a penalty, meant he was champion!
hahahaahah, brother, congs, happy marriage......
My issue isn't actually if Max should've got punished or not. Although I am a Max fan and thus biased, there is just too much inconsistencies going on. I am not defending Max his moves. But I can kinda imagine how frustrating it is, that you get penalties while your WC competitor doesn't get penalties for the same mishaps.  For example, Hamilton not getting a penalty for double yellow during FP. Max got on the previous raceweekend, when the conditions were even harder and more confusing. Again, I understand Max deserved a penalty, but in my book, Hamilton should've recieved one as well.   Second, this entire race, Hamilton absolutely showed he wasn't clean as well. Even as a Hamilton fan, you can't escape that, although you rather ignore it because it was in your advantage. It's weird to see a guy like Hamilton claiming he is holy, and escaped every form of penalty during the entire weekend. Not even one. While Max recieved a penalty on every single occasion, even the light mishaps. It makes no sense whatsoever. I don't mind the heat of criticism against Max this weekend. There is a sense of truth. What I do mind, is that the other driver seems to escape all of it, when its obvious he wasn't holy and clean this weekend.  And it always happens when Gary Connely is one of the stewards. I don't say conspiracies, it's just a collection of coincidences. I don't believe FIA or Masi is pulling any strings here. But I do believe there is somewhere favoritism to be found. Whether because they dislike Max, like Hamilton, or just for PR based reasons. (Having a tied finale, will earn lots of money by viewer ratings, and many more.)   This is not how I wanted to have a championship ended. What happens, no matter who wins, there will always be a big side that disagrees with. Nobody can claim to be a fair winner this way. It will come down to decisions, luck, even marketing and not by pure talent.   And for a long time F1 watcher, I have truelly never seen something so obvious as this season and I never had such a big feeling there is matchfixing at play here, in some sort of form. I would say the same when it was Hamilton-Verstappen vice versa.
Congratulations and may your new chapter in life be filled with blessings, love, joy and happiness...God bless you and your wife...enjoy your honeymoon...
I dont know why when we talk of Max now we have to precurser it with saying what a fabulous driver he is. He really isnt, hes a bully and a thug and when the pressure has ramped up he's ballsed up qually and even failed in his intention to take out his opponent. If Lewis acted like Max he'd be banned by now. Lewis was given a 25 second penalty in Spa 2008 for retaking Kimi too early....BEFORE...that was even a rule. Max did the same last weekend and its not even talked about. The guys a menace and whilst its been a titanic season. hes not really an F1 driver, he should have stuck to go karts. We dont need his thuggery in f1.
It's worth noting on the first restart the distance Hamilton was from verstappen, wich made Verstappen lose a lot of temperature on his tyres
LH is 100% faulty. He should know those white track limits lines are not for every driver. Break check? No problem, as a GOAT he should know how to overtake and finish ahead even without a front wing.
please make dedicated video of verstappens steering while "letting" lewis past, think that should result removing from series
Of course hi did not brake checked hamilton, he just didn`t want to overtake Max just before the DRS zone..
To be the real champion, you go to the limit, but not over the limit. That is the reason why Verstappen went into the wall-he passed the limit. Hamilton knows the absolute limit and does not pass it. That makes him the real champion. Besides, the moral and ethical standards from Lewis are much higher.
Letting someone passed shouldn't be tactical. Maybe they should restrict the DRS of a car that had to let someone back passed for a single full lap.
you are missing ALLOT of points which would make them on level ground again. lewis running into mac was just incompetence quite honestly, the same kind max used to fly off
Vi ricordate,quando Vettel ha toccato Hamilton ?  CHe aveva frenato senza motivo?peraltro senza danneggiarlo? ........
8:33 but how is this okay and when Max did it he had to give back a place? Sincere question
Yes. Yes he did.
Congrats on your marriage and enjoy your honeymoon!
So sick of Hamilton, he’s a big baby!! Turn left, Lewis!! 🤬
Congrats on the wedding, all the best for the future. God Bless brother 🙏🏽
Congrats !
It's clear that Max want's this like crazy. He keeps pushing for this and sometimes maybe a bit too much. But let's not forget how competitive f1 drivers are. And also let's not forget that when Lewis was in his early days his overtakes where often not clear, hitting and pushing others. He was criticized by other drivers. Also there was the case where Schumi "accidentally" hit Villeneuve in the last race as Villeneuve was overtaking him. I'm not saying that drivers should be unfair but I do understand why sometimes there are incidents like those in Saudi Arabia
I think the DRS rule needs to change. I would actually like to see the rule allowing all drivers 5 (or whatever number) DRS's per race to attack and defend. Like the battery the drivers decide how to use it.
I don’t know how Max got driver of the day.
It's it weird Ocon didn't get a penalty for overtaking outside the track, and Max did?
As per usual, I have no problem with Verstappens risky moves etc. I have a problem with failing in those moves, rejoining dangerously, retaking a place you 'gave up' two seconds later and acting like it's fair racing.
Congratulations brother! 🙌
This max fellow is reminding me of the Michael when he was fighting for his first championship. Hopefully it doesn't end the same way.   Congrats on getting a wife!
Putting the breaking incident aside, why did Max then recieve a penalty for the T1 incident if he let Lewis back through? I think both drivers were on the limit but the body that got it compleatly wrong was the FIA. What a mess they were this race.
If the track had the old-style gravel traps Max would be champion because he and Lewis would DNF and get no points. I hate being obtuse, Shouldn't the defending driver have to keep at least ONE WHEEL within the circuit to claim he was defending within the rules.
The 10 second penalty was laughable. In any other context that doesn't involve a title fight, he would have received a severe penalty. As for Max giving the position back... lol.
These cornering rules just make racing so much less fun. Imagine if you just always had to leave space, it would make racing and overtaking far more exciting. Every corner would be an overtaking opportunity. None of this 'forcing racers off the track' rubbish
I subbed because your plea made me laugh mate!  Been watching a while, keep up the great commentary 👌
Finally someone who doesn't goes of like.. ooh Max is sooo dirty or Lewis is always whining.. but a clear video of how this race went sideways. thank you!
Unfortunately Verstappen has no sportsmanship and is too often just reckless. This will all catch up with him at some point, but we hope without serious injury to himself or anyone else.
2:08 I unsubscribed to help save our guy!   jk, congratulations!!!
Verstappen is bloody talented, but my god does he need to grow up.  He's twice as bad as young Vettel.
I feel the same as you there needs to be some good old fashioned gravel traps. A race shouldn't be won by the stewards decisions and how many penalties you can get away with. It should be a man to man battle with better sportsmanship. F1 is turning into basketball.
2.4G is not a lot! From an "expert" I would expect to know a bit more about forces in the F1. Max braking G's are often up to almost 7G(!). Even on moderate speeds. Verstappen probably was thinking: "please pass me for god sake..." and slowed down a bit more. Hamilton was at fault by driving only inches from Verstappen his bumper, causing a dangerous situation. Also: Hamilton was gaining speed again when turning to the left side.  In everything, this was Hamilton fault. To say the least, by not just passing Verstappen in the first time.  Also in normal traffic the person driving into someone from behind is always at fault.
Depends on what you define as brake check, but he did cause a collision indicated by a sudden 2.4G deceleration in the telemetry, considered erratic, and given a penalty.
Clearly a Hamilton fan haha so bias
ACTUALLY THE PILOT OF THE DAY WAS HAMILTON!!   THE MAX DESPITE TALENTED IS DOING WRONG F1.   HE IS BECOMING AN IMPOSSIBLE PILOT TO OVERCOME WITHOUT HITTING, PLACING HIM AND OTHERS IN DANGER AND WILL CREATE SEVERAL PRECEDENTS. THERE IS ALREADY A PILOT SAYING: SO... WE CAN DO IT???  THE REPUTATION WILL BE DAMAGED AS A SCHUMACHER!!!   MAX IS BECOMING AS DANGEROUS AS JEDDAH TRACK!!
He did break test on hamilton.
I still don’t understand why ver had to give the place back AND get the 5 sec penalty. Isn’t that two penalties for the same incident? Seems unusual to me. Why not just give the place back or get a 5 sec penalty. Both seems like punished twice for one mistake.
Congrats on the joining of u2, in regards to Max, he is ahead on wins, it very much reminds me of the Senna Prost crash that gave one the title. I think the rule needs to change that allows people to change tyres under red flag conditions, take that away Hamilton would have won it easy.
you didn't make point on could lulu avoid crashing into Max, as I can't believe 2.4 G breaking can surprise drivers of that level especially when Max slowed down moment before and Ham already saw something is going on. They can predict and overcome situations in first corners after starts of GP with much less space and time but not this? And from point that even though Hamilton was MAYBE surprised by Max braking, I mean what do you do when you see someone going slowly in front of you in race, you pass him you don't follow him slowly or crashing into them. So for me that was all Hamilton fault. Not die hard Max fan, just cant resist feeling that FIA is always going Ham way, never his fault?!
I wouldn't be surprised if verstappen does a drive by on Lewis....eveyone says that's aggressive driving bla bla bla.....that's just carelessness
*Scott* your Max is outta control as are his two main handlers Horner & Marko. Helluva manner to win a championship.  It's entirely feasible Max could cause another accident taking out both cars as he did in the Italian GP, then be declared the winner of the championship based on more wins this season. You like _Ollie_ at GP Fans, deny Lewis his due diligence!
Congrats on the marriage Scott :)
A huge congratulations to you and your wife buddy! I wish you both a long and happy marriage!
Max>Lewis
Congrats on your wedding ♥️
Fantastic video
Congratulations! I got married last month. Love it. Great videos. Keep them coming 😉
Honestly there is no way Max brake checked intentionally, he would be risking his rear wing which means the race is over while Lewis probably would only need a front wing change..
Why is Verstappen was instructed to give position back “strategically” ? If driver instructed to give place back the virtual safety car mode should be applied to his car  and drs disabled. Otherwise we will see those Dr Helmet tricks again.
Congratulations
It's is difficult for someone who has never raced before to hear, "how hard should they push?" It's been a while since I have raced. I can't  remember a single lap where I haven't pushed 100%. F1 is an all or nothing gamble. That's what makes it so interesting to us ex racers.
Congrats on the marriage :-) - And Subbed!!! 😉 - Enjoy the Honeymoon!
OK OK i'll sub !!! don't tell her i was lurking for all this time !
Congrats
I think the happiest day for you were the day you got married,the happiest day for me wil be the day when Hammilton quits F1.He is always complaining,trying to get it his way,,,,crying about tyres not to be changed under the red flag,but he did it?!!!!Running Verstappen on a high speed corner into the barriers,,,,,,ahhhh!!!! but poor Lewis,when he starts to cry(as he always do)the FIA starts to go into a pannick attack,Toto Wolf talking about winning it fair,,,,come on does he know what the word fair means,,,,
What's more exciting than that race? Your wedding! Big congratulations. A big beautiful world awaits you. Cheers!
Just remember how this year would have been without Max. Merc 1-2 and constructors champion long time ago. Atleast we are seeing some actions on field now.
Always love your videos! I see a lot of people complimenting you on staying unbiased. However, with how shortly you pass over Lewis pushing Max wide, I think it's clear there's still some amount of bias left. Why is or isn't Lewis action acceptable there?
May the LORD bless your marriage!!!
Congratulations on getting married. :)
Even here, not enough honesty to say that Verst played dirty not once but at least 3 times, trying to take out Hamilton and getting a pass from fia every time. That was brake checking he should have been disqualified
Regardless or not that Max slowed down for the drs detection line, it was inexplicably dangerous the amount he slowed down. To actually downshift three gears and dab the brake down a straight is plain wrong, just to try and get an advantage, when it should've been like a situation when someone blends off the throttle to let the other driver go.
I wish I could subscribe again, for you to get the 10k new subs that wifey wants 😁 Nice vid.
Actually I think he made a strategic call to let Lewis pasts, and Lewis got caught out by it
Already subscribed so hope your marriage will survive =) Congratulations!
After seeing and reading a lot of opinions and comments about the race, i wonder. Can we please have you as an official commentator? This is the first unbiased and clearly explaind thing i've seen about the incident and the race.
Unsubscribe to ruin his marriage.   He clearly has an unreasonable fiancé I say. Anyone agree?
Max got off lightly once again. He was clearly looking in his left mirror at Lewis just a few feet behind when he slammed hard on the brakes and as soon as he got hit, he accelerated off again. Didn't even attempt to blame Lewis on the radio. He knew exactly what he did and he did it very much deliberately. You can also tell because post-race he doesn't even try to defend himself. He just said "I don't want to talk about it" just like he did when he moved twice under braking causing the collision with Ricciardo in Baku.   I respect Max's incredible talent and his win-at-all-costs attitude that all champions have, but just like football plays who act hurt to gain an advantage, tennis players who smash up their racquets like children or MMA fighters who disrespect their opponents families and religions, unsportsmanlike conduct can really tarnish the enjoyment of sport.
This is the most stupid word I have heard this year , your new wife said  if you don't have 10k , that means the marriage with be shorter,  that means your wife don't love you
Bottas holding up max and Lewis holding back more than 10 cars lengths was nothing short of cheating. He then ran Max wide. Both as basic as each other and quite frankly it's a joke. It shows that the leaving a car width rule is litterally made up when it suits. Max was instructed to let Lewis pass and Lewis should have to pass end of. The racing was a joke and masi was a joke
Congratulations on your new union. Hope the wedding didn’t have you missing the race.
OMG The moral of the story is, just drive and don't agree to team agreement stuff to let another person past. ~~~Just let the race officials decide on the penalty system stuff, because sometimes it takes a while. What an absolute blunder by the Red Bull team, which really failed Verstappen.
Lewis didn't want Max to get the same advantage that Lewis had.   Both drivers were at fault, Lewis had p!with of room to go by on the left, but he was waiting until after the line.  By penalizing only Max, the FIA is saying that the trailing driver gets more of a choice in when and where to retake the position.
Congratulations Scott!  They released the onboards a few hours ago. It might be just me but it did appear verstappen was looking at his rears and perhaps knew lewis was close before hitting the brakes. Ver didnt even appear to be surprised by the contact. Might also explain why he drove away immediately after - maybe he knew he was wrong and tried to build a gap to negate the likely penalty? I hope im wrong but i dont see any other explanation as to why he immediately just took off after contact.   Be great to hear your thoughts :)
No commitment to your loyal followers !  We can just un click you , your wife has to do loads of paperwork to unsubscribe!!! 🤣😂 enjoy your honeymoon!!! Good show as usual
You do realise that you did not answer your own thumbnail question, that is telling and the answer is Yes
Drop DRS an overtaking will be awesome like the old days
Congrats and good analysis. Personally I refuse to watch GP's from the countries who do not respect human rights and journalistic freedom, but I'm pleased to listen to your analysis.  I'm completely behind the idea of restoring gravel traps. I also think that drivers need to care about each other and innocent bystanders. This type of "running off the road" is not needed and should cost championship points.
Congratulations on your wedding....! Enjoyy your honeymoon Subscribed and liked the video... Hope this helps 😅
Congrats man! Wish you a wonderful and happy marriage in years to come.
Its ok to call him out, we all want hard racing but this was so far past the line.
your comment on gravel traps cannot be overstated!
oh you're getting a sub...happy blisses!
Hamilton seems to have a slightly faster car, so Verstappen has to try everything and anything?
Congratulations on your wedding. You yourself said that hams knew what was going on but didn't wan't to overtake in that 'strategic' area (but decided to lie and say he knew nothing) which is commendable for a hams fan. But for the FIA to come out and support this assertion and notion that Max braketested hams just shows what I said before was right, FIA will do all they can to support hams. This video proves that Max did not brake suddenly, hams braked along with him through an extended section https://youtu.be/wmGZWiPa2R8
Congratulations on your marriage! Wishing you and the Mrs. all the best!
Congratulations!!
man's on a honey moon and still uploading. you need to take a day off fam.
Time to arrange for permanent stewards team to improve clarity and consistency. Mercedes got away with a lot. I don't think Max pushes the limits any further than Lewis. Crocodile tears from Lewis for sure.
BRAKE CHECK KARMA right there Lmao
I follow all your analysis videos and you’re good at pointing out Max’s mistakes than the others on track.
Congrats on the marriage.
I stopped watching F1 early in the season. This video reminds me that I made the right choice.
Congratulations on your marriage!
He did break check, he mentioned it himself.
Congratulations!! 💍
Congratulations mate wishing all best for the future. 👏👏👏🙏🙏
The onboard camera of HAM shows that he braked earlier and still hit MAX. He could have avoided it and just overtake him. If you are racing you don't care where you are going to do it. Quoting Senna, if you no longer go for a gap, you are not a racing driver. For me, it's HAM's fault.
Great video. Re. the giving back thing. Each circuit needs to have a wide stretch where it can be done that isn't related to DRS. With clear instructions as to which side of the track each car should drive in. And no re-taking the position until the next straight.
What would have been great I Lewis crashes so hard into the back of max they both had to dnf
F1 analysis aside (which is always a fantastic watch…), congratulations on your wedding! Wishing you all the very best!
let's not forget Hamilton put verstappen into a wall at 160mph earlier this season. the most egregious incident this season.
Congratulations on your wedding and thanks, as always, for a considered and balanced review
Would have been so much better if you had used video instead of stills and paintings to illustrate the points you made. Stills can sometimes be better when examining instantaneous observations such as  contact between cars or closeness to a wall, but these situations you described were circumstances of motion, and very fast motion at that. I  can only guess that you were denied rights to re-broadcast those clips.
I think every corners should have giant yellow sausage curbs just like the ones in Monza to prevent verstappen from cutting corners or braking too late that he won't even make the corner
to the FIA,  & Michael Masi,  - A GUARANTEE  is needed,  prior to the final race,  that;  An aggressive take-out will NOT be an acceptable conclusion to a championship in the highest tier of motorsport...
Verstappen made the mess...bad decisions that were all to visible
Congrats on getting married!!! wishing you both a long happy, and fun life together!!
Haven’t watched or played this video but I already know you’ll find reason for Verstappen’s dangerous driving
For someone with an English accent, I appreciate your non-biased and honest appraisal of the Hamilton/Verstappen impact. I think Verstappen moved left and right and then braked, which is a pretty universal "PASS ME" indicator if you want faster traffic to go around you instead of sitting on your back bumper. But I agree, it may have been a brake check out of frustration - or, most likely a combination of both. It doesn't explain why Hamilton would, chasing down his main opponent, see him slow to a halt, and drive right up behind him where he was at RISK of a brake check. He easily could have matched his speed on the inside even with Verstappen's tail if he thought there was something suspicious - he knew that the odds were that Verstappen was going to have to give up his place, even if he hadn't been told so. So why fall in place right behind him?   Hamilton's reaction to seeing Verstappen running slow *really* doesn't make any sense. It was the bigger contribution to the collision, in my opinion.
The reason Max decided to break at that point was so Lewis could go by and Max would have DRS to pass Lewis as DRS was right after that. Just like Lewis said
You ridiculously look like the actor Scott speedman
Wow, a honeymoon back in time!
Total clickbait, hamilton was a bozo for stalking Max's line
Congrats!
That should be the first and last race on that circuit and the only ever race in Saudi Arabia. If they want to race anything, it can be camels, all of which is on the same intelligence level.
hey congratulations on your wedding :) & by far the best video explanation of the WACKY RACERES SAUDI F1 race
Congratulations Scott!
Had enough of Lewis…
Congrats for your wedding!
Verstappen is the definition of dirty driving. This unfair brake test should be penalized with black flag at least.
Congrats Man!!!
Quality bit of sub request
he did break check even fia said it was 2.4 g force of break, max plays dirty he should been desqualified
I can’t believe Max only got a 10 second penalty for brake testing Hamilton. A bit like Brazil, a deliberate attempt to endanger another driver. Max might be a brilliant driver, but he is out of control. Time to put some controls on him - you have to push back against a bully & not pander to him.
Where’s the comment from Youtube?
Good for you!!!
Congrats on your wedding Scott! Great objective explanation as always!
Congratulations on your marriage! All the best for you both..
Max knew Lewis time and what he had to make
Verstappen is the most talented driver we've seen in a while, but the FIA are going to have to change the rules for F1 if every time someone get's near him he's just going to run them off the track and not even try to brake for the corner. Seriously, he's been doing this same shit to an even more extreme degree this year and it's just terrible, those aren't "racing moves" that's just bullying someone off the track who might pass you. If you force someone wide and you yourself have completely missed the braking zone and leave the track as well you should be forced to give up 3 positions, this is cheating, period. If you do [it] more than twice in a race you should be disqualified from the race. Also, that break-checking shit should've got Verstappen DQ'd immediately. I don't care how they work out giving positions back but breaking like that in the middle of an F1 track is psychotic, and regardless of what he was trying to do it was obviously and blatantly completely unsafe and without question justifies a DQ. I love Verstappen, I want him to win, but this shit simply cannot go on any longer. The FIA need to fix the F1 rule set now.
The brake check looked intentional and deliberate. Not the spot to do it. The right man wow. I thought Max had two questionable moves. Glad he didn’t get away with it. Also I am not a fan of Hamilton. Just saying
Verstappen knew exactly what he was doing, and such poor sportsmanship from him! I don't particularly care for Hamilton, but Verstappen can go suck a rotten egg!
Butt you rongh about Hamilton. Verstappen is guilty
I'm pumped you got married, and I was curious about your background, but mainly because that wallpaper is straight cancer EEEHHHWWWWWWWW!!!
Congrats man!
This would be a break test if lewis had been driving a loaded truck. He had enough reaction time to safely exceed max but preferred the collision.
congrats on your marriage!!
Hamilton could have passed but didn't he saw max slowing but stayed directly behind him and slowed as well just not enough. If this was a traffic incident it would be hamiltons fault.
It would be nice to talk about more about Bottas slowing down too much under yellow to slow Max down. That was nasty and should have been penalized in some shape or form imho.  To be fair horrible race in terms of organization and track itself. But made for very intense show. Both Merc and RB were playing nasty games. Don't think any team is more innocent then the other one. Looking forward to the last race! Should be amazing spectacle.
Suggestion to F1: how about you „let them race“ but for every single defence or overtake which success based on leaving the track you award a point to super licence. That way the result of a race won‘t be affected by stewarding however a driver in that „digs his own grave“.
Why was Hamilton not panelized for not keeping the 10 car length during the warm up after the red flag? . If you are going g to panelized one driver for one thing why not the other.
Congrats on the marriage! This one time I give a like 👍🏼
The telegraphy shows that Lewis accelerated at the last moment before crashing into the back of Verstappen. It also shows that he had enough braking power and deceleration to avoid the incident if he wouldn’t have stepped on the gas last moment.
xclusion of Organ Harvesting Participants Matas said that, given the widespread organ harvesting among prisoners of conscience in China, a reverse onus clause and ostracism can be applicable.   He has also discussed this previously in articles and conferences. On papers published by Chinese researchers that lacked reliable donor information, for example, “The onus should not fall on publishers or transplant professionals to show something is amiss in China. The onus is rather the reverse. The onus falls on the Chinese transplant profession to show beyond a reasonable doubt that there is no sourcing of organs from prisoners of conscience. Studies emanating from China which do not show that should be rejected for publication,” he said at the Oxford Global Health and Bioethics International Conference 2019 in a presentation titled “Ostracism or Engagement in Combating Unethical Medical Research.”  With the scale of forced organ harvesting in China, Matas said that we can assume any individual involved in the organ transplant profession is an accomplice to the crime of forced organ harvesting. Therefore, unless there is evidence that shows otherwise, we should stop collaborating with organ transplant divisions in China's hospitals. Similarly, we should stop exchange scholar programs. Chinese researchers should not be allowed to publish articles or give presentations at international conferences, receive training, or join overseas organ transplant societies. In addition, we should not attend such meetings in China or join organ transplant societies in China.   Unless proven otherwise, a comprehensive isolation or ostracism is needed, explained Matas. He said medical professionals have many ways at their disposal to achieve this goal. Instead of new strategies, these actions have existed already and they are proven to be effective in a short time. It is up to these professionals to join together and make it happen.   So far the healthcare agencies in China have made lucrative profits by stealing organs from prisoners of conscience, since there are no costs involved. Such ostracism will help them learn the consequences of this unethical behavior.
Hamilton shifted twice to 3rd gear and just wouldn't go past him. It's sad that he always lies. They both wanted the DRS. You should give the position back as soon as possible, not whenever the other wants it or only on the straight. Hamilton was at fault here, but FIA does anything in their power to make Hamilton champion. Hamilton is a posterboy, FIA want him to take Schumi's record because of obvious reasons.  F1 isn't a sport anymore, it's just politics.
This GP was a mess, and this track looks very dangerous. Could you make a video on how such narrow tracks can be homologated regarding safety issues ?
He tried to turn the car with the throttle, after locking up his front tire in qualification.
congratulations sir wishing y'all happy and long life with joy
Congrats on the marriage!
Congrats for the marriage!!!
TL;DR: Yes. And Abu Dhabi is going to be the dirtiest race since Michael Schumacher stopped turning in on cars to win world championships…
I would accept anything but death and harsh injuries if Max wins the championship
Max has no chance of winning championship because F1 wants hamilton to win again.
No Max didn't brake check Hamilton
Verstapen is just in a Kamikazi mood.
Cheers! Wish your family all the best!
I think ur the best person always talked the truth, the crazy part ur from Uk don’t have up men 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
Congratulations Sir
Verstappen will definitely try to take Hamilton out in last race if he looks like losing so that he will win by default on more victories if they are both out of the race.
Congratulations on your marriage!
I used to like Max but not anymore. In fact that "like" is turning to almost hate and with each race I hate max more. The worst scenario is Lewis (with his intelligence and experience) knew Max is giving the place back but he did not wanted to give Max DRS so he didn't overtake at that exact moment. This is what stewards said: "In deciding to penalise the driver of Car 33, the key point for the Stewards was that the driver of Car 33 then braked suddenly (69 bar) and significantly, resulting in 2.4g deceleration. Whilst accepting that the driver of Car 44 could have overtaken Car 33 when that car first slowed, we understand why he (and the driver of Car 33) did not wish to be the first to cross the DRS. However, the sudden braking by the driver of Car 33 was determined by the Stewards to be erratic and hence the predominant cause of the collision" Again, the worst scenario is Lewis knew Max is giving the place back but he did not wanted to give Max DRS so he didn't overtake at that exact moment, then Max was upset and thought "I will force you to overtake me or we will crash and I am ahead in this championship battle so I don't give a damn" then he braked hard and when things weren't going as he expected he was even more upset and stupidly thought "OK I tried to let him pass so now I accelerate"
Congrats on getting married
Craziest race I've ever seen, and yes he DID brake check him at the point he (Lewis) was right behind him an equivalent of 70kg of braking force (2.4G produced) was applied to the brake pedal at that point (as you said). The data doesn't lie. 10 secs and 2 points is lenient in my opinion (especially after getting of with a "professional foul" at Brazil). Max is a fantastic driver but he is flouting/ignoring the rules that where put in place due to the Greats MS and AS doing the same thing, forcing a yield or crash situation against what was previously a gentleman's agreement. We all love aggressive racing but it can be taken too far! Also I think this track needs major changes, it's just too dangerous, the F2 and F1 races where both a ridiculous fiasco.
Yes, he did break check Hamilton because Verstappen is a cheating bastard and if he can't beat Hamilton he has to cheat, and he has the blessing from that twat Horner. Verstappen should be kicked out of formula one as he is a dangerous driver. Also F1 should never have been sold to Liberty media. They want to turn the sport in to another Indy version. This is my last year of watching F1 after watching it for 46 years. First they take off all the live events from mainstream TV and charge the bollocks off you for it, now they are mucking around with the sport. So sod them lot of the rich morons, all the driver and team, except Red Bull should boycott F1 and start their own driver championship, like they were going to do years ago.
Congratulations 🎊
Tensions are already high so this incident is just another day at the office. But wait what happens if both go out in Abu Dhabi and neither get the point for Fastest Lap? Of course we get a tie but no tiebreaker unless we get a simple full race distance 1 on 1.
Automatic Race disqualification for a Brake Test  Banned from the sport if offence is repeated
@Driver61  amazing job dude and yes that was really dirty move from max he did deserve severe penalty ,Charlie would have DSQed him right away. and for people who r comparing this to HAm- Vet Baku 17 that was totally diff situation it was a safety car so ham controlled pace in this case they were driving at 300kmph with blind corners
Great review, congrats, and enjoy the honeymoon!
Great video once again. Congratulations on the wedding! Wish you two all the best!
I was confused by bottas not getting a warning for backing the traffic up for the double stack
congrats
Driver61 Why do you never dare to blame Max for his dirty driving ? always trying to soft it instead of saying how it is.
Congratulations !
Thought you were a driver not a boxer? That's punching 😉  Sincerely though congratulations to you both.
congratulations🍾 enjoy your honeymoon 🥂
Mercedes and |LH are starting to complain and asking for pernalties as soon as Max takes the lead. They are not used that Red Bull/Verstappen are extremely competative, they never had real competition.  I think Mercedes and LH must stop complaning, and start racing, winning a championship because Max is getting multiple penalties is not how they must like to win.  But i start to think that that doesn't matter to them, as long as Lewis is getting champion again. Mercedes/LH are sore losers, they must get used to lose more ....
Congratulations!!
Definate deliberate brake check by Verstappen .  Devious tactics by Verstappen  and encouraged by his team manager both are devious unashamed  conspiriators  by using the old Schumacher snake cheats , which are in total in denial answers after the race . .  VERSTAPPEN , WILL ,  deliberately hurt or fatally hurt any other to get his own way . For his 5minutes of glory . He needs to be banned from the sport . You will see in future what Verstappen is capable of in dirty tricks in future
Congratulations to you both.    Great analysis, as always.
Good from you as per usual -lol Brilliant break down of the race !  Congrats on the marriage!
This season conclusion is bringing out the worst in both of these drivers. I anticipate this final race will finish without one or both of these drivers.
Congrats on getting married, she is stunning.
It was mercedes that did not do there job in telling Lewis that Max will let him pass
Just a casual F1 fan.i haven't watched F1 in years. Max made me a fan again. I've always wanted a driver with interior car win it.
Max in his super Q was 10km/h faster in last stright then usual. And even he brake 6m earlier it was not enough.
CONGRATULATIONS ON GETTING MARRIED! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!
Congrats on your wedding! Like the sound of it you married a very clever wife. 🤣 Wishing you both all the best and lots of love
Great video and congrats to you!! I am struggling with the HAM/VER stuff since Silverstone. So in essence Verstappen should have simply touched the back of Hamilton, sending him into a massive and race-ending crash. After that take the 10s penalty and win the race regardless. 🤷‍♂️
Hamilton drove Verstappen off the track not due to annoyance but he was using his brain - he knew that Max had DRS again so had to defend against that down the start/finish straight, hence pushing Max off the track ensuring he got dirty tyres and a poor drive off that corner.
Congrats
I believe his braking was orchestrated to get Hamilton to hit him.   I don't like Crashtappen as he's a dangerous idiot.
Verstappen's poor restart was down to Hamilton deliberately breaking the rules by not keeping the required distance, slowing down the pack and allowing Verstappen's tires to get cold,  Hamilton refused to overtake Verstappen because of the DRS lines and deliberately ran into the back of Verstappen as he has done so all year and got away with it, Hamilton has virtually never been penalized for running people off the track or crashing into them, even when he makes an apology during interviews, such is the level of bias given to the Merc driver.
Congrats! :)
Great vid. Terrible circuit design.
Congrats on the marriage! But what do you make of this then? https://youtu.be/wmGZWiPa2R8
Always superb commentary Jolyon, great to have your voice on everything motorsport.
Seen the data? Verstappen did not brake. This is all a false claim. 🤢 Not by this video though.
Did lewis hitting max expose merc cheating the weight test on the front wing? I mean the right plane went under Max's tire.... just something to ponder
Brilliant Analysis. Channels like Sky Sports always try to show that Max is the villian and never, I say never blame Hamilton.  On live commentary, Martin Brundle said why didnt Lewis pass by and later he says that not how things should be done. Ridiculous.  Lewis hit Max, pushed him wide. Bottas slowed done more than what is in the rule book so that Mercedes can double stack. Yet no penalty.  Hamilton literally came back from a lap down and car damage in Imola and now he is crying like a baby after the red flag.
😂😂😂 I had subscribe after that request
Congratulations!
Everyone trying to throw shade on dirty tactics by saying it’s great to see a competitive year but it’s a fair champion vs a grubby youngster breaking the rules left right and centre.
They have to let Lewis win or he will cry    F1 has become fucking rubbish you know who will win
The answer is yes, the telemetry doesn’t lie.
I remember at the beginning of the season when people were saying  No. 33 had matured.  I also remember Wolff saying this was going to happen and he feared 33 was going to make a mockery of this Championship Title fight.    So let me say this.  If 33 didn't park his car on 44's head, ending the race for both, THIS CHAMPIONSHIP WOULD NOT BE LEVEL ON POINTS.  Championship drivers win on the track, not continuously driving off track and making passes off the track and calling it hard racing.  Wolff, Hamilton and even Red Bull know why 33 was the driver of the day.    33 inherited the lead, on a yellow flag that suddenly changed into a red flag 4 LAPS LATER, after 44 and Bottas pitted and granted 33 track position.  The only pass that occurred on the track was by 44, who didn't get 2 penalties for dangerous driving, OH, AND ACTUALLY WON THE FLIPPING RACE.  FIA IS DETERMINED TO LOOK THE OTHER WAY SO, 33 CAN WIN THE CHAMPIONSHIP.  Interestingly, when Leclerc crashed in the same turn during practice, it was IMMEDIATELY red flagged, but the race it gets a yellow?  Enough said.
Lulu is shitting
I share the same views on your point at 7:41. What the heck Hamilton did not overtake?!
HELP THIS MAN! NOW we need him!
Congrats on the marriage😉
Congratulations!
Regardless of how you feel about Max, i am thrilled that Ham has finally met his match, so much in fact that he behaves as if he is a little scared or nervous about Max's fierce competitiveness.  What a rollercoaster experience this race was. Nearly every emotion was checked off
just subbed as a congratulations to your wedding.  Wishing u a happy future.
This season has been really entertaining and that has been to do with the quality of driving and the decisions made
You are not objective at all
By law, a driver must be able to stop his car within the distance that he can see and clear the road. ... The car driving behind that collides with your car is therefore in principle always at fault
Kadavul irukkan kumaru... Abu dhabi la hamilton nakkitu povan
I don't think Hamilton was WILLING to push Max wide. He defended perfectly because Max was nowhere close to making any attack stick. But even if he did push Max wide, like in the last turn... Why wouldn't he? As Max himself has already proven in Brasil... There's no penalty for it. Fucking deal with it. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going.
If Hamilton passed Max, there would be no incident! So Hamilton is at fault and not a racedriver anymore
The supposed 2.4G deceleration of Verstappen is meaningless without disclosing the duration of that deceleration. If that deceleration only lasted for a few miliseconds then it wouldn't have been significant or even visible from the outside. On lap 42 they show a replay from the helicopters perspective and there is no sudden deceleration and definitely no break check! If Hamilton did not want to overtake Verstappen because of the upcoming DRS zone that's fine and understandable but the crash itself simply comes down to either incompetence or malicious intent from Hamilton. Hamilton could have pulled up along side Verstappen staying just slightly behind, get DRS and fly past him on the straight, but no Hamilton chose to tailgate Verstappen and we all know what tends to happen to tailgaters.
Great video as usual! And good luck with the new life!
You know yourself he brake check him
Congratulations!
Let's go Lewis f#$k max
You didn't mentioned that Lewis left to much room between him and Verstappen in the formation lap for the restart giving himself a unfear advantage. And Max wasn't brake testing. Lewis just hasitaded to long because he didn't wanted to pass.
Congrats !!! all the best and great video mate
Lewis makes everyone do these mistakes, he literally retired rosberg a top tier driver
First off, I'm neither a Lewis nor a Max fan, rather I'm a formula One fan, and have been since I watched my first race in the early '70s when James  Hunt took his first win (non Championship) driving for Hesketh (yes, I'm that old...68 actually)  Was it a brake test?....no, not exactly, what I think happened was Max was trying to give the position back where he had the advantage, just before the DRS zone, meaning that if Lewis passed him there, Max would have DRS and be able to re-pass Lewis straight away (but didn't Lewis do that a few years ago, and was told 'you can't re-pass so soon?') Anyway Lewis didn't fall for it, and that's why Max then imho jammed on the brakes and jinked to the left in order to cause a collision.   I honestly think Max thinking quickly realised that if Lewis, or neither of them finished the race, he would have a massive advantage going into the last race of the season at least 8 points clear,...more if he was able to finish this race in the points Even if Lewis won the last race and got the extra point for fastest lap, Max would only have to finish second and they would have equal points BUT he would still be Champion due to the 'count back rule' having won more races than Lewis.  One thing that is crystal clear is that Max is prepared to do anything to win, hence the 'that's what you get' remark when he parked his car on Lewis's head and walked away without even checking to see if he was O.K...unforgivable! And the worry is that Max never accepts the blame for anything he does wrong. He's behaving like a petulant brat.  Imho, a 10 second time penalty and 2 points on his license, seems a pretty soft penalty, 'for causing a collision to influence the outcome of a race' which is what Max was adjudged to be guilty of. (didn't M Schumacher get his points tally for the entire season wiped for doing the same thing with J Villeneuve in 1997?)  Another thing, when Max was given a 3 place grid penalty at Sochi, Red Bull chose to take a new engine, meaning Max would have to start at the back of the grid anyway, effectively cancelling out the three place grid penalty. (they would have to change engines sooner or later anyway)  It's a bit like being given a drive thru penalty and deciding to have your pit-stop to change tyre's at the same time?  And all this 'I'm not bothered about the Championship'......bullshit Max,....pull the other one, it's got bells on it!  Max is going to be World Champion sooner or later, no doubt about it, but history will record if he was a worthy Champion, or will he be forever tainted by the same controversy that has forever dogged Michael Schumacher's career?...time will tell.  My son another F1 fan, has never liked Max, saying he's reckless, 'a loose cannon' and I used to defend him saying 'he's young, he'll calm down' But I'm beginning to think my son's right, that move was criminal, if Lewis had been less aware and hadn't managed to swerve at the last second, it could have been Gilles Villeneuve all over again.  All the drivers out there know that there has to be a level of trust between them when racing, will they be able to trust Max after this? I hope he comes to his senses soon, because if he carries on driving like this,...someone's going to get hurt. And no race or Championship is worth that.
I subbed... Better be your last wife!
Max reminds me of Colin McRae.  Full on all the time, but it will all end in a crash at some point.
As you all know both Max and Lewis are incredibly talented. A big difference between the 2 is one driver is known to push it to the very limit still staying inside legal behavior especially when it comes to defending or attacking on the track. But the other driver however mainly seems to throw away rules, regulations, limits and sometimes even respect when its their turn to act on the track.   People might pick on that one incident that Hamilton caused in Silverstone which was illegal and most likely purposely done. Those same people picking on that incident  fail to realise that in Hamiltons over 20 years of racing experience, still has less fouls and reckless moments on the track compared to Max who has a much shorter racing experience but has already over taken Hamilton in regards to reckless driving moments.
Congratulations on your marriage!! Xxx
First, congrats. Second, great video. Third, all of these incidences that you mentioned have got everyone worried about what each driver was thinking/doing and NOT talking about the real issue which is that this race track NOT suited for F1 racing. And BTW, both drivers knew what the other was doing regarding giving up the spot just before the DRS zone. There was plenty of room for any driver (even me) to overtake Max at that spot...but they both played games and Max was penalized (twice). And for the record, I think Ham is just as 'dirty' as Max.
Max & Lewis providing some serious content for you at the moment! 😆 🏎️ 🏎️
Max done nothing wrong, Lewis should be the one penalised for causing a collision because he wanted DRS so badly. Even though the Merc is miles faster than any other car in a straight line.
You talk too much
Congrats on weeding!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
CONGRATULATIONS MATE!!
Max pushes opponent out of track: HE DESERVES A PENALTY Lewis pushes opponent out of track: SUPERB DEFENSIVE DRIVING
Overanalysis. There's literally NOTHING to discuss here besides F1 officiating ruining F1 races. Going "off track" isn't a race issue, it's purely a political issue. If the car isn't broken, the turn was legitimate. If F1 wants to "solve" the problem of good racing, why not just put spikes "out of bounds" to flatten the tires or anyone racing hard?
Max is a dirty drive... terrible for sportmanship
max made all the mistakes he could and he has been doing them on purpose for a while now, definitely didnt deserve a second place, honestly, last place would still be too kind for him.
Great video. For me, while Max is a great driver he is starting to behave like a dangerous fool. I'd be up for banning him for a number of races. He will be world champion at some stage but the way he treats other drivers on the track shows no respect and at times is down right childish. I can't wait for him to grow up. Then we may see be a truly great driver.
Brakechecked Lewis 100%. the 10 second penalty Max got is an absolute joke, its dangerous driving and the 10 seconds isnt even a slap on the wrist! with it going to the stewards after the race and showing he did slam the brakes on for no reason i thought it would be a 5 place grid penalty for the next race!
Nononono. Hamilton shifted down 3-4 times, then hit the throttle when he was right behind Verstappen. Yes, Max shouldn't have slowed down that much, but it was 100% Lewis who caused the collison. He could've just flew by Verstappen, get a reasonable gap, and carry on. But no, our knight just had to show what a "hero" he is by taking verstappen from behind.  Also, on 1st restart Hamilton left a giant gap on the way to the grid. This is not good sportsmanship. Lewis didn't have an ace of a start. He just made a d move so Max couldn't have any chance.  Anyway, crazy race. I'm not happy with the way Max acted, but a 7x World Champion should know that respect comes from both sides. And the way he was acting last few races is not showing respect at all.  Having said that, Congratulations on your marriage! My (married) friends always say: "Marriage is the start of a woman's life, and the end of a man's life" XD I'm 100% sure you two will be happy together! I wish you both a great time :)
What's even more confusing is that after Hamilton got his position back Verstappen didn't push for the win
I'm sorry, but video seems useless. Just telling a story of the race. No analysis, no data. Felt like waste of time.  P.S. congrats on wedding.
Congratulations 🎉🎈.
You are as annoyingly biased as they come mate. Your last few videos were made with full brit blinds on. Unsubscribed
Did Hamilton just tried to pucture Max's tyre? I think any racing driver will try to overtake when the car in front slows down, not stay behind it until they collide.
Max was trying everything to stop hamilton without being DQ'd. Very much like Schumacher did.
Im not a verstappen fan. But i find it wierd hamilton just gets warnings like yellow flags same as mexico. First they ask can we pass he needs to go slower. Then max goes slower and he doesnt want to pass.. because of the drs zone. Max ofcourse gave minimal space but come on. Normally lewis has the skill the ride in between millimeters of precicion. Then the crying of both teams.. and FIA decides the whole show because they want them to decide it in the last race ofcourse. The only winners will be FIA this season.. because for both partys there is a lot of negativity of the price they will win.
Great and interesting video once again!   There were obviously a lot of questionable things going on during the race that we don't know all the intentions of. Glad to hear someones unbiased analysis. The only thing that I still do not understand is how Verstappen can get a 5s penalty and having to give a place back for the same incident. Shouldn't one cancel the other out? Either Verstappen has to finish 5s or more ahead to take first or he has to overtake him after giving the position back, not both.
Congrats man!
It's interesting you think Lewis pushed verstappen wide on the restart, why don't you think he had the racing line and just held it. The same situation for every other attempt by a driver trying to go round the outside at that corner e.g. Seb and kimi. The driver on the outside is well beat at that corner, but for some reason the layout of that corner makes them think they can hold it round the outside and deserve that space. It was tricky trap and showed up a lot of drivers. F2 was a joke too.
8:26 Hamilton did not drive Verstappen off the track, once again Verstappen was braking too late and was trying to go around the outside. He could have stayed behind for that corner.
Usually when you let someone past, you don't swerve to the middle of the  track as they are about to go by.... pretty obvious what happened here.  Especially considering how Max has been driving like a child lately.
3:10 probably also because Lewis slowed down so freaking much
This one is quite simple actually, as can be seen across the socials and F1 media:  If you are British then Max is the devil and everything is 100% his fault.  If you are not British then you may have a more balanced approach.
What happened to the old wife?
Congrats 🎉
Great analysis except the fleeting comment that LH drove MV off the track out of frustration.   The truth is we don't know why he did so and it's entirely possible he did so to prevent MV from playing further games.  Could anyone blame him given the number of games MV played in the race?     Seriously not sure about the black and white flag... seems like a gesture to RB rather than a fair warning.
So tired of hearing LH got brake checked.  There was plenty of room for LH to get his place back.  Just like in any traffic accident, it’s the fault of the driver from behind.  LH is a whiny little bitch and Toto expects Mercedes to garner favor in every race.
I'd like to say thank you for keeping an open mind and supporting Lewis Hamilton rather than just blaming him. Max took things too seriously and just didn't abide by the rules.
Congrats on your marriage!
Verstappen played dirty, but the two cars coming together is on the FIA and them alone. What a debacle they caused!
The Max bias on Sky Sports F1 is ridiculous its become the rule...
Verstappen is litterally cheating every 5 laps to not lose because Hamilton is just better atm
I saw this live, it looked to me like Verstappen was just trying to get out of the way and try and show Lewis through.. he slowed down at a slow pace, can barely see behind him with those mirrors, and was just trying to get out of the way so he can go by at that point on track. They both pulled some "cheeky" shit, but of course Lewis cries and everyone falls in line behind him like usual.
dude, congrats on your marriage but take a position.  Was Max right or wrong?
OK.. start with the q3 crash. We all know by now that Verstappen is not the immortal and therefore, like was Jos, not totally in control of the faster car. Next, he is running like a scared hare just hoping to get home before being caught by the fox. Weren't we all just doing that also..? The pressure that caused Sebastian Vettel to walk away from Red Bull is imminent but they will forever be in denial. Max, you cannot beat Lewis Hamilton if you dnf... that's what nobody seems to be telling you. Good luck
congrats to your marriage. Enjoy enjoy...
There is so much telemetry available that it would be a matter of looking at Max's deceleration at that point to ascertain whether he "brake tested" Hamilton
Congratulations
Hamilton finally meets someone willing to do the same thing he does. Showtime!
DIRTYMAX needs to learn to be a professional driver.
Stop calling it a 'brake test'.  Max new he was there and hit the breaks to try and take him out.  Max tried to crash Lewis out of the race.
Cheatcedez Hamilton
Haven't watched your assessment yet but my theory is that he was told to give the position back to Hamilton and was trying to ensure he was behind him before they crossed the drs detection point. But Hamilton hadn't been given that info yet, but I don't know why he would've also slowed down so much behind Verstappen. The onboard camera showed him slowing so much he down shifted like 3 geats coming onto the front straight.
We can only wish for next weeks race as whoever wins wins  Winner winner chicken dinner XD
i remember a certain Hamilton break testing Max earlier this year during one of the starts/restarts. Remember when his brakes caught fire and the tyres started smoking? Can't remember the Grand prix but Hamilton is no saint either. But this one was particularly bad from Max cause it caused a collision.
To solve the problem of giving back positions, how about they implement something a bit like a video game, you receive a penalty that needs to be taken in a specific part of the track, say the wrong side of the main straight, and there you have to move over, pass through the imaginary gate, and perhaps be artificially speed limited too.  Lots of scope for issues I guess, but some of this kind of technology is already implemented in things like formula E (with the power boost thing) and formula 1 with virtual safety cars (speed limiting)
Here's telemetry : https://youtu.be/wmGZWiPa2R8
You are a Ham fan soo I understand your opinion . Don’t agree
congratulations on your marriage
Hamilton shouldn’t be crying and just pass Verstappen the first time. He got 5-6 seconds before Max hit the brakes.
Bruh max just doing his work he fighting for championship why do you care what necessary and what not even he damaged the team didn't say him anything 🙄 why do you care, guess you sponsored by Mercedes or just biased in order to gain more subscribers and views.
Major point looked over: team contacted Max to give the place back BEFORE contacting Hamilton
Who the heck is complaining about all this?! What a season
I don't really understand why Lewis took the risk of driving so close behind Max when the stakes are so high? Mercedes/Lewis including the hard tier where the fastest on track, Red Bull/Max including medium tier couldn't have held up til the end anyway so again why take the risk? And why did the FIA intervene I mean it was clear as day that Lewis at that point had the advantage and it would have been resolved 2 laps later anyway? Instead we have this debacle of a race? And again I agree if there would have been a wall/gravel trap neither Lewis nor Max would have made the move instigating it all. So why intervene FIA? Every single time it was clear there was no room for 2 cars in turn 1. Why intervene FIA? And if so then why was there no investigation nor a penalty for Lewis running in to Ocon in turn 1? Why 2 measurements FIA? And why this bullshit of keeping a verdict until after the race when we weren't even 25 laps in? Why FIA? I'm so disappointed!
What ever you say ... Baby Hamilton is a creep and nothing more then that.
Did you really say “why did Verstappen crash in qualifying though he didn’t need to”? When does anyone NEED to crash?
Congratulations on getting married 🙏
Congratulations on the wedding. (Although weird that you said "New Wife".. lmao)
Congratulations! I usually do everything I can to defend Max since we've seen him grow up before our very eyes as one of the most talented drivers on the grid in the V6 hybrid era, but I was very disappointed in his overall behavior last Saturday. 🤦🏾‍♂️  I think Max is starting to understand just how incredible Sir Lewis is as a racing driver though. I know he thought Lewis didn't deserve the 7 titles he has, but Max might be rethinking that after this season. I hope he doesn't do anything dangerous for the title decider, but with the pressure he's feeling right now(which is never really the case with Max), that might be inevitable. I hope I'm wrong.
Not sure on the purpose of this video... the stewards and the DATA showed YES he did... all you can add to the FACTS of the matter is your opinion and some sweet youtube revenue... New video... did Driver61 just create this video as an easy money maker?!
Congrats for the wedding! 👏💪
helping my man out with his marriage
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, therefore, if you confess with your lips the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life1788
Lewis the dishonest, petty and the paranoid driver. Always the other driver's fault with Lewis, 'He hit me' 'He brake tasted me, never his fault... Lewis has sly misbehavior. Max could have easily had a puncture, which is what often happens when the corner of a front wing is driven into a back tyre.
I was getting Schumacher/Hill Adelaide vibes the whole race
Great video.   Consider if none of the off-track incidents had happened.   If MV had backed of and stayed on the track?   Then the resulting brake check wouldn't have happened.   Very likely Hamilton would have won.  His hard tires were performing well and he was consistently holding   MV out of DRS.   Max's errors were mostly unforced as was his crash in Q3.  It's only his own fault he lost this race.
Congrats on your marriage
Lewis the dishonest, petty and a paranoid driver. Always the other driver's fault with Lewis, 'He hit me' 'He brake tasted me, never his fault... Lewis has sly misbehavior. Max could have easily had a puncture, which is what often happens when the corner of a front wing is driven into a back tyre.
Great video but it looks like you picked up some debris in your left nostril...Box Box...Kleenex Box :)
the answer is no https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGZWiPa2R8
That Verstapped accelerated away as soon as Hamilton made contact shows that he knew exactly what he was doing, and thought he'd succeeded in doing so.
Just like Brazil this was an open and shut case - he did brake test Sir Lewis and he was not punished for it - and before anyone starts harping on about the ten second penalty, he did not loose any points and critically he has now been handed pole position for the championship by the FIA. Clearly his plan will be to take Sir Lewis out as he tried to when he brake tested him. It about time people stop lauding Mad Max, and start calling him and Red Bull out for the dirty cheats that they are. OMG just imaging if the boot was on the other foot, and Sir Lewis was a dirty driver….oh the lamenting and accusatory language from the hypocritical pundits and media would have been deafening. What an appalling state of affairs where we see institutionalised judgements and behaviours that belong in centuries gone past!
Congratulation with your wedding. Hurry back to your bride.
What a bad analysis. If you look at the analysis by Marcel Fischer who used the telemetry data (https://www.youtube.com/watch?app=desktop&v=wmGZWiPa2R8) then there was no brake testing, instead it was Hamilton who suddenly accelerated and drove into the back of Verstappen
congratulations on your wedding!
Max Maldonado
I disagree, the stewards played a big role
without watching the vid for me i think ver didn't brake check ham. it's just that ham wanted the drs and his having none of it
Love how objective your analysis is in each video. That's actually rare.
I feel the running into the back of another car would not have happened in the first place if the FIA starts waking up. Max were told to give the position back yet Ham have not received the info yet and with the communication between MB and the FIA it was clear that MB received the info after RB. MB should have received the info first then RB in that case then there would have been no confusion. The FIA and stewards are such a mess lately and the penalties are just confusing. One race no penalties and next race penalties galore. Its time to swap race directors because Masi is messing up big time. And I tend to agree with Max. Its more about penalties than racing. Its been a while since we hade two teams fighting head to head at the top so incidents is bound to happen. Its not two team mates that is pussy footing around. Its two top tier drivers from different teams fighting for the top position so let them race!
Azerbaijan 2017
...Red Bull is prepared to do anything to win...
Congrats Scott ;)
Congrats on getting hitched! Could you make a video on the rules around "giving back the position" can it actually be done strategically so you get DRS over the other driver?
Hey! I just hit your car in the back, now you have to pay me because I mess up mine plus 10 seconds add to you😎 congrats on your wedding ❤
both of them were playing silly buggers.... the teams as well. pretty sad really
Lewis should have been penalised for colliding with max, when it was obvious he was slowing down, why crash into him? When the whole track was available to get past him.
A very good summary of a very bad day for Formula 1.
Just check the interviews why he did/tried it over there on the track and I think there is no rule where to give a position back, maybe A.S.A.P. but not where (no, I do not have a rule book). You can check the communications between the driver and team on the onboard cams (afterwards) if you want to know if there was any communication during or before an incident.  The FIA should just make rules, stick to them and the same for everyone. Also make the run-off parts, of a track, less forgivable on every/most track.
Did he? Wouldnt doubt it.  Doesn't matter though...he still lost.
"... It's really frustrating from a fan's perspective???"
Don't allow the length of your marriage be defined by subscribers to YouTube dude...... 🤣 Fuck YouTube
Congrats!
Congratulations for your marriage! And thanks for the video. Excellent as always....
We do everything for the wife... Wait until you got kids ☺️ As you asked só nicely, i did subscribe. Allow me to congratulate you for your awesome YT channel.
Stop being passive and neutral to please both sets of fans. Say the facts, Max's driving is outrageous, desperate and dirty. He constantly goes off the circuit to gain or defend positions, forcing other drivers to take avoiding action to prevent crashes. All this pr language and light penalties are giving him free will to carry on doing this until he causes a serious crash , tell him he's driving like a fucking wanker and give him a race ban, then he'll stop being a twat, mature his driving style and probably be one of the best drivers ever seen
Great video as always
I'm saving you by not subscribing :)
Intersting how you just forget about ham being very slow on the first restart formation lap. because of this verstappen just couldn't put the power down... and the touch they had... ham knew what was going on. verstappen slowed down ham too than verstappen slowed down further an hamoltin didnt overtake. only then verstappen hit the brakes and ham run into him... it was something like ham vs alonso in kanada 2013. interesting how ham makes mistakes all the time: fp3 blocking 2 people, holding way more then 10 carlength to verstappen on formationlap, pushing him wide on first restart and on the last corner when max let gim by. but he never recieves penalties... this is getting way to political...
02:00, you got hitched. 😕 Gone goes freedom. Apparently she's already started. All the best.! 👍
Verstappen would have won the race if not for bottas blocking.
That was a total manure-show by race control. It kind of ruined what was a good battle for the lead. I loved the part where the two were trading fastest laps and leaving absolutely everyone else in their dust while driving nose-to-tail.    I thought Max didn't deserve at least one of those penalties, but definitely deserved one for brake checking. Lewis should have overtaken, but under racing conditions at racing speeds, you do not brake erratically in front of another car... ever.   The off-track excursions after the straight are something the FIA should really work on. When is it allowed? When is it not? How far along until you're entitled space? What are the hard and fast rules about going off track while defending? I hope this season leads to some more concrete rule clarfications beyond "every incident is different."  Such a shame. The driving was otherwise brilliant.   We haven't had such evenly matched title contenders for like... forever.
Congratulations on getting Married
Letting him passed and re overtaking is legal, there is no rule against it. Also Lewis almost caused 2 crashes in practice by coasting round the track that was more dangerous than Verstappen. At any other time Lewis would have just overtaken a slow moving car, so why was this time different?
In my opinion that Verstappen's after race 10 sec penalty is a huge comedy. There are videos of both onboards of the moment when Hamilton hit into RB's back. Both drivers were downshifting on quite straight line from 8th to 3rd(!) gear in the time span of more then 5 seconds (!). Hamilton could overtake in any moment, instead while no yellow flag waved, he just stayed behind. For 5 seconds. Breaking on final straight while fighting 1st place.  Saying British didn't know Dutch is going to let him pass. Saying he didn't know what's going on. Would  Hamilton stayed behind even if Verstappen stopped? :DD
It’s obvious you are a LH fan boi. Quit acting otherwise. Getting sick of this bs British bias commentary. Prolly gona unsubscribe and tell the algorithm not to suggest this garbage anymore.
Perfect analysis and to the point exactly.  I am also 100% that Hamilton didn't want to pass him because he knew the advantage that Verstappen would have gained. In my opinion the rule of giving the place back should change and exclude the drs zone.
Congratulations on your marriage.
Congrats on marriage and congrats on making the trending page. The new subscribers might actually be possible.
Hamilton blocked him from outside, as always. Hopefully Max will land on top of the Hamilton F1 car again.
Both Max and Lewis did what was not to be unexpected in such a razor sharp and now zero sum contest. Did Max brake test Lewis? Nowhere near the most TESTED person the entire weekend, Michael Masi. Sadly, he failed the test most miserably.
Let us see your wife 🙂 first
I can't believe Lewis made contact so many times and didn't get a penalty when he was clearly overspeeding into turn 1.
Shouldve mentioned the part where Max left enough space for Ham to pass through and the fact that Hamilton did react to Max braking and he braked too as well, he just didnt want to overtake him.
Congrats on the marriage!
oh sheesh congrats
You're letting the FIA off too lightly here. No message got through to Lewis and therefore he didn't know Max was letting him through, Max gave him loads of room to pass, I suspect the braking was slightly out of panic but indeed to try and get Lewis past but I honestly believe it all would of been avoided had the message got through to Lewis, why they both weren't told at the same time is beyond me, that's just one of a number of awful decisions and honestly failures from the FIA and Michael Masi who fell well short of the requirements of the roles they have.
aw congrats on your wedding!! and major props for getting such a great video out amid all that associated craziness haha! yes!
Hamilton was obviously drunk, someone should get a breathalyzer on him next time.
Max Verstappen is the  Marq Marquez of F1... abundance of talent... BUT!!!
Max just races however he wants and gets away with it and all of his fans are babies when he’s penalised
1 min of silence for another fallen hero... Just kidding. Congratz on your marriage! Wishing only the best for the 2 of you!   As a big Verstappen fan i will admit that i am also becoming quite fed-up with the way he defends. This isn't racing at all. It's basically using your car as a weapon even though i do understand why he's doing it. Mercedes are acting like spoilt brats, and Lewis especially, cries about literally everything. The FIA is also showing clear favouritism to Mercedes and Hamilton in particular. There are many examples of it, so I'm not going to debate the issue. It's clear as daylight.   The brake test issue could have been avoided if Hamilton just went past at the speed he was going. Even if Max had DRS the speed difference between the 2 was so high at that point on the track that it wouldn't have made a difference whether or not he had DRS. The gap would have been too big for him to overcome. Also, Max only had a certain amount of time to make it happen before getting penalized.   The let pass re-pass was against the rules as Hamilton did against Kimi at Spa in 2008. Max had to wait at least one corner before he could re-pass him.  The FIA should adjust the let pass re-pass rule to make it that you need to wait at least 2 consecutive corners for DRS zones before you can re-pass. That way it will eliminate this sort of incident.  Anyway Scott, enjoy your honeymoon and thanks again for your awesome explanations on these happenings, especially with the fact that you're explaining it from each driver's perspective.
Yes, yes he did.
if you push to the limit, sometimes you go over
My thing is how did Lewis not know he needed to go past.Lewis has been racing his whole life and I think he’s going to bitch and moan and find any way possible to win. I don’t like his personality he seems like the type to bring up completely unrelated shit when he gets his feelings hurt to try and make himself feel better.
Congrats on wedding! Great race analysis as usual, you are amazing.
forgot to mention Max was WAVING back and forth, while trying to "let" Lewis pass....
congratulations to you and you new spouse.
This guy casually mentioned he got married like it was a sponsor slot ad😂
Great video like the perspective from two sides 👍
There is an important question not answered. If HAM did not know Max was about to swap, than why didn’t he just overtake him when Max started to slow down? Which sane driver just stays behind his big opponent not knowing why he slows down at all? This prove that he DID know about the swap intentions. And thus, Mercedes and HAM have been lying to the stewards. I bet there is some subsubsubsection in the rulebook about misleading the judges.
Man you are so bias! Max fan boy. lol
Hamilton down shifted two or three gears, than ran into the back of Verstappen. How is this not worthy of a penalty?
Congrats mate, never stop make videos, god bless you wedding .
Why look the images around 3-4 minutes hand painting? Copy rights?
Max is dirty fia love him
Max is dangerous to himself and others. In a previous generation he would have come to a sticky end quickly. Black flag fodder.
Thats how f1 should be. Dispite lewis beeing a crying baby, I thing f1 gained the emotion it had in the good old days
Everyone says how talented Max is but I’m struggling to remember him making a corner when someone is trying to pass him.
Fcuking Poms ,if they aren’t whinging,they are cheating ....why no penalty for Lewis for hitting Ocon & pushing Max wide on final turn ??
Congrats man!!
If you no longer go for a gap... Max was clearly giving back the position. Had the roles been reversed Lewis would have done it the exact same way. Lewis saw max slowing down and slowed down himself but refused to take the position. He knew what was happening, why it was happening and he consciously chose not to overtake. He will also have known that max would brake before the drs line, all drivers scout out these spots on all tracks for exactly this reason. If you don't pass someone who has to give back the position you should lose the right to the position. I'd argue that max should not have gotten the 5s for not letting him past, and Lewis deserved the 10s for causing a collision and creating a dangerous situation by not taking the position. Once again, think how you would react if Lewis was the one that had to give back the position.
Happy Married life mate. Recently happened upon your channel and immediate sub. Content is amazing
Another biased video defending the baby Max
To me it didn’t look like verstappen oversteered in that T1 incident, it looked like Hamilton slightly touched the rear wheel of verstappen
Yes. The telemetry shows Max brake checked Lewis. 2.4g worth of braking. He deliberately tried to cause a collision.  A 10 second penalty for that is a farce.
Congrats!!!
Who can compete against LH if there was no Max? driver in the 3rd position is +20 seconds behind. Both are taking the championship battle to the extreme limit. I think MV started to crack under pressure where LH experience started to show... I'm eager to see new world champion. At the same time, I want to witness why LH is the G.O.A.T
Congrats to you and your wife 🎉🎉
FIA is like a=my towns market now LOL , we will give you 3rd if you have a penalty , no! we want 2nd no penalty , let´s agree on 3rd + 5sec , Ok ok.  WTF was that, FIA should be the freaking LAW!  next time they will negotiate blue flags and safety cars or what?
Dear Driver61 could you make a program about FIA their decisions in relation to Teams. the thing interested for me is their decision to prohibit somenting.  how they are made, are they discussed with teams , or made collectively with teams. especially regarding decisiones which prohibits sometning which IS NOT dangerous for drivers or team members.. For example - particular technical sollutions, or limit on test times including computer CFD tests.
Hamilton ought to known it, he did that to seb a few years ago.
something like this just happen when there is drs so just remove drs please.
Clicked in and suddenly got emotional blackmailed!! Shut up and take my thumb!! (and subscription too LOL)
Congratulations, by the way! I've always enjoyed your output, and now I've finally subbed to help save your marriage ;)
Just playing a bit of Devil''s Advocate (and obviously car data could disprove this), but if you looked in your rear view and saw Lewis closing on your rear and not getting over, wouldn't you stomp the brake in prep for collision?  That is a completely natural human reaction when seeing an impact coming, it's not the smartest thing you could do, but in split second moments we revert to reaction not logic. I'm not going to argue whether or not that is what Max did, just trying to cast a little doubt as to what seems like everyone claiming what Max did their as dirty.
Verstappen has always been a hooligan. Now we know he's a dangerous hooligan.
FIA are useless. Hamilton needs to stop whinging about everything, because he’s a hypocrite, he’s never been a total clean driver through his career. Verstappen needs to calm down on the track as his risk to reward ratio is not balanced
There's zero chance Max would brake check him intentionally.   Simple reason -   front wing = pitstop rear diffuser = fucked - and championship over.
Congrats and all the best
Slightly off-topic, but seriously - just enforce track limits. That's the area where the black stuff stops and there is a white line. Put you car outside there - warning. Three warnings - five second time penalty. The next time - time penalty, etc. No resets. Of course if there is a reason, (lap 1 shenanigans, avoiding danger, etc, etc), then fine. One thing that has really bummed me this F1 year, is the announcements of just where track limits will be enforced. Just enforce them on every corner of every track. I remember a Lewis message where he said "I thought we could go wide on this corner" after receiving a penalty. Just make it binary. You are on-track or not. Same deal. Every corner.
Verstappen was wrong to break to force the overtake, but I think Lewis was also wrong to slow down and refuse it. You shouldn't be allowed to refuse the offer, or if you do, you should forefit the offer.
Hamilton & Max were just acting, for the sake of pulling more audience to F1.
In case you don't make the 10,000 extra subscribtions: Flowers seem to help.
To give a place back should mean making the position stick, as in the conceding driver must try all over again if he wants to overtake the other guy. Max just wanted to let Lewis stick his nose ahead, then he would just retake the lead easily, rendering the instruction ineffective. He was letting him pass just before the detection point so he could DRS him back.  Additionally, the mediation from race direction should be a lot clearer to avoid such collisions. Both parties must be informed properly and made to understand and confirm when and where the position swap will take place.
Congratulations 👏🎉🎉
YES! HE DID!
FIA should  look at  the Bottas  manover to slow down  Max in order for Lewis to take advantage. Also Hamiltons slow drive on the grid  at the restart to  make sure  Max's  tyres get cold on the restart. Mercedes started all this shannanigans after all.
You offer only a Hamilton perspective. Fine by me for the fans, only don’t pretend to address both drivers perspective as you do. When Verstappen drives Hamilton of the track, you call it just that. When Hamilton does exactly the same you add a very suble ‘because he was annoyed’. Fact remains that if Hamilton hadn’t parked Max into the wall at Silverstone (and cheered his ass of while Max was in Hospital), Verstappen would already be World Champion.
Subscribed.  Hope you hit that target.  And Congratulations.  Love your videos and analysis.
First of all, congratulations on the wedding! And as usual, a very good analysis of the incidents. Good to see that you also acknowledges Lewis' part in all of them.
Max pushed to the limits.  That Senna was remembered for, specially  when his car wasn't the fastest.
congrats Man, enjoy your honeymoon period
The main take away is that Race Control and Stewards looked like a bunch of clowns. Bottas holding up Max significantly was never even noted, Max getting the 5sec penalty while being told to let Lewis back ahead again, etc. I mean why can't F1 do what WEC and FE does, race director can have the option to communicate directly to the drivers. Why does the message of Max will let you by have to go from Race Control to Meadows to Bono to Hamilton?
Congrats on the wedding. May you be very happy and blessed
The thing is if your going to let someone overtake don't you move over if the other driver is directly behind you.  And by the way the reason Verstappen eventually let Hamilton through,  was because he new his tyres had gone, and he couldn't have kept the lead.
I think sometimes drivers who take others out of track everytime shall get a taste of their own style
Congrats on your wedding mate  👏  🍾 🥂 🎉
The true voice of reason or source of logical analysis. Someone get this man a commentating gig on F1. The bias among the current commentators towards LH is becoming painful and infuriating to sit through.
so he brake checked him, big deal.  Next year the cars will have brake lights and indicators.
MV Q3 accident shows his mentality. An unforced error but the decision making to apply the throttle and put it in the wall shows his decision making under pressure. Still quite poor and requiring development. When you understand these elements of his psychology and cognitive ability, Max begins to make more sense. And this is despite his pure brilliant driving skills. That lap to that point was amazing... simply stunning and probably his best single lap in F1 to date.  His race was inexcusable. The racing conduct was just abhorrent... I've never seen anything like it. Almost like a child throwing a tantrum and this is in the cauldron of F1 and its inherent dangers (but I am a proponent of penalising actions and decision-making, not consequences because these could vary in an given scenario).  The first red flag restart was ridiculous, LH had the corner and made it. Max had no intention of respecting the track limits.  The second restart (the negotiation for P3 start was just ridiculous) you got spot on. He made the corner, fair play to him. The contact between LH and Ocon was a racing incident and arguably because Lewis avoided contact with Max. This is racing and completely acceptable.  Lap 36/37 set-up of overtake was perfect by LH (interestingly, you'll note that even with DRS there wasn't a great speed differential despite Horner suggesting that LH was a beneficiary of better machinery - complete rubbish from someone who continues to lose credibility lacks any honour/integrity). Again, Max has no intention of making the corner and almost takes them both out from the snap oversteer. Again LH takes avoiding action. Stressing that, just because there was no contact, should not mean that no penalty should be awarded. This is Max' pattern of behaviour at this point. It's his racing conduct and it's completely over the line. If one wishes to give the position back, usual etiquette is within that sector, if not the next. My suspicion (I stress suspicion and that if this is the case, continues to demonstrate the favouritism) is that there was communication between stewards/RB and ordering to give the place before the application of a penalty (hence the advice for a 'strategic' give back). I do not believe that LH was aware about this and additionally the weaving, including the late one into the middle of the track, probably confused him (this is my belief given the exasperated tone of Mercedes engineer's and communication with Masi which was broadcast, but if all evidence could be timestamped and sequentially ordered, this would be interesting to review). In the heat of this battle (over the season), I do not think that LH believed that Max was giving the place back or could compute the implications relative to DRS. But I will say the LH's racing IQ is off the charts and given his history at Spa (with KR) and in Canada (with FA) in 2013 (if you want to see proper racecraft, search this), there is a possibility that he was aware, but I just do not think that this was the case. Watching it live, I was confused and the tone of the commentators was likewise. It had been so stop-start with the debris, situational awareness was completely lost. This is why I believe Max is at fault for this. If this was a give back of the position, he shouldn't subtly veer into the middle of the track. I do think that he intentionally brake-tested Lewis out of frustration and this just comes back to his psychology and petulance (see above) (it would be interesting to see steering angles and brake applications). He was completely happy to cause an accident and then just accelerate away from the scene (LH with insane reflexes and reaction if you watch the replay, just insane/superhuman). Obviously, the communication of Masi is at least partially to blame here.  The communication between Masi and Mercedes engineers about giving the place back and slowing down was FIA, again, giving RB preferential treatment to avoid a 5s penalty. When they saw RB and Max' contempt for the intention of that action (by giving the place back and then immediately using DRS to overtake), particularly when the precedent is a 25s PENALTY (a little more favouritism), they gave the 5s penalty. When Max subsequently gave the position back again, I do not believe that he had to and that this was a communication error and shot in the foot by RB, which is why Max' engineer said 'we didn't quite need to do that' or something to that effect. LH closing the angle off is him knowing who Max is. If that's black/white worthy (just complete hypocrisy by Masi to suggest and 'into the wall'?!), Max should have race bans.  The 10s penalty (for the brake-test) was just ridiculous and meaningless (even more favouritism).  Just an unbelievable weekend and all predictable given the actions of the FIA and RB fostering such behaviour in Max.
LH drove MV off the track, and received no penalty?
Verstappen should have been disqualified. He was literally going with 125 km/h while he should have driven 275 km/h . That was totally intentional.
Congratulations! As a verstappen fan it is plain to see he made errors, but to then hear lewis shift all the blame for everything onto others race after race frankly feels disgusting
YUP! For sure...Verstappen already knowingly, DRS was fast approaching, and still did not let Hamilton get the Right to pass, as ordered from the Stewart Director. And also was reminded to let HAMILTON pass!. For those who think Hamilton KNEW! WRONG AGAIN!!! Hamilton said he could not get the communication transmission...however that came about...is what happened! So that IS a total FAIL on VERSTAPPEN = dba(all his little trickery in is racing books)
I did not watch the video cause answering this question is super easy... Hamilton was confused, Verstappen was slowing down for a long time till he was breaking. Im sure he didnt want to loose more time for that and tryed to force Hamilton to overtake... Fault of Mercedes... All these shitty things like slowing Bottas during safery car for pitstop and shit, leaded to that situation. Verstappen wasnt sure if they dont try again some mind games...   Mercedes is the Neymare of Formula 1...Always mi mi mi and stupid cheatings... I love Hamilton but this Toto ist making me sick
Reckon Lewis played lots of sim racing. There's so many dive bombers in there! 🤣
Congratulations! But how was it never not an intentional brake test?
congratulations on your marriage. I can't help you on subs as I am already subscribed.
he didn't brake check Hamilton??? it should be clear for all.
Congrats 🥳
Congratulations mate!!🍾  Welcome to Yes to all life!!
i expect abu dhabi even more crazy, worst scenario, max and luwis are crashing out
Congratulations to you both I hope you make it up her after filming. The channel is great keep up the good work
Thanks for your video, of course the big losers of all these incidents are Fia specially Masi
Congrats!
I get that Verstappen had to give the place back. But in my opinion he did it three times!!! PLUS the time penaltie(s).. It's crazy Also, the sport revolves around passing (marginally)  slower cars, so why don't you?
i think if your opponent doesnt leave enough room to stay in track limits there should no penalty for gaining an advantage outside tracklimits
Okay okay I subscribed! You didn't have to use emotional blackmail Jeez! 🤣🤣🤣
Answer to the title of the video: YES HE DID. The real question is: Why FIA is trying to make Max champion this year not giving him the standard penalty for test brake? Which is a disqualification.
It sounds like your also starting to get frustrated with Verstappen again   going off circuit to try and defend and therefore causing the stewards to need to cast judgement.  I think this is the difference between Lewis and Max as it creates a situation where the f1 commentators are constantly moaning about the stewards but its Max that's creating these situations with his increasingly desperate moves.  I do disagree with you in one area and that's that when Max rejoined at the restart and clattered over the curbs forcing Lewis wide I doubt any other driver would do that in front of the whole pack when theirs a perfectly good get out just to the right that allows drivers back on safely.  Love your post race breakdowns.   Happy honeymoon.
CONGRATULATIONS!!! Great video as always.
Question if I may, Verstappen started on Mediums and switched to Mediums under the Red flag. Does the 2 different tyre compounds rule not apply if a session is Red Flagged?
Hamilton is protected by the FIA, Max always get the blame and a penalty, Hamilton only gets a warning. They want Hamilton to win the championship. Max is only a puppet in this "show". MaFia!
Thanks for the video, it really clarified things. And have a happy honeymoon and marriage afterwards:)
Nice video, but why is nobody talking about Bottas holding up Verstappen during the safety car? Or the fact that Lewis leaving more then then 10 cars length after the first red flag for the 2nd restart, causing colder tires for Max that resulted in a bad restart.  Or LW push MV wide in Turn27 and gets a warning instead a penalty... Everyone is highlighting the things Verstappen is doing, but keeps forgetting the strategic things MERC is playing and the class acting Mr Hamilton is doing. When Lewis brake test Vettel on Baku nobody complaints and there were no penalty's given. Not even the press wrote anything about that.  F1 is becoming more a jury sport with a FIA that keeps giving inconsistent penalty's, it's just stupid.  Final thing as a race fan: I like the titan fight between LH en MV. With Max giving his all in a less car and with Lewis with his amazing driving
Congratulations
8:30, reprimande, gridpenalty next race, thanks 😎.
I'd say there are two things that I think should be revised the Massi issue about the negotiation was he is not allowed to instruct a team to do anything other then put an offer to the teams otherwise he would refer to the stweards, which its my understanding the stewards can overrule regardless. Massi talked about this in and interview and the other part where Lewis was just ahead of Max is incorrect he was fully infront like rear wheel past Max's wing the send it bruv attitude is crazy. Max took it way to far in this race he is going to hurt someone.
max is willing to do anything for his dirty champion even if it can endanger his life, his goal is only one hamilton car is badly damaged and doesn't get any points .. saudi arabia
When Max runs Lewis of track its called "defending" then Lewis does this its called "running Max wide out of frustration"
The frustrating thing is that Hamilton and Mercedes are allowed to do much more than other teams without the consequences. At this point I wouldn’t be suprised if Hamilton run into Max in hopes to get him out of the race then played the “he brake tested me” card. He clearly didn’t want to take over because the DRS zone was coming up. We’re talking about a 7 times world champion being confused when a car is slowing down ahead of him? come on. He had space, instead he stayed behind Max the whole time. No point watching the last race or any race until this guy is in the sport
Gravel traps, gravel traps, gravel traps.
I don't blame max or lewis. FIA just gotta straighten out.
I can have a wild guess as to WHO picked you wedding date.... :-D
As much as I like Max and the fact that he's finally given us the F1 season we all wanted to see (after some boring years), I do think he's been way to aggressive the last few races. He just doesn't know when to yield a position. And I really don't like this "you decide if we crash" mentality. A little prediction for the last race... Max crashes into Lewis, taking them both out of the race and he takes the championship. Although I really hope I'm wrong on this one...  Oh yeah, and congrats on the marriage! :)
hamilton has become very good at exploiting the rules and use them to his advantage. especially in an area of weak stewards. Hamilton must have been fully aware of the DRS zone ahead and what verstappen was trying. he made the split second call that verstappen was slowing down to give back the position and not bcs the red bull was having engine issues or something. great situational awareness of hamilton but questionable how he handled it.  I am wondering how much verstappen did actually brake. at those speeds 2.4g decceleration is not impossible with just releasing the throttle (aero + mgu-k) i guess.
So after this race I guess even if FIA gives an order to let a driver go by, the driver behind can just defy the order and do whatever he wants?  I don't understand how is Lewis allowed to disobey the FIA and not overtake Max while Max MUST give up his position before the lap ended?  Lewis literally forced him to get a penalty and even rear ended him out of frustration.
As a Verstappen fan, I am rather disappointed with the desperate ways he is trying to stay ahead. Made some real bad choices this race. That brake check (lets face it, he was frustrated that Lewis did not buy the strategy of passing him in the DRS detection zone) could have cost him the championship if he was disqualified.
I'm really confused about car length thing in braking zones. Is it okay to be alongside just by braking late and dive bombing? It happens a lot that car clearly behind just dive bombs not to overtake but to claim a racing line while not being able to use their apex and running off. Exactly where do you measure car length?
You are showing so much emotion your little boy lost the race
Congratulations.   This is the obligatory "You're punching above your weight" comment :)  Hope you have a long and happy life together guys.
Suggesting that Verstappen brake-tested Lewis on purpose seems really silly to me, implying that he was overcome by road rage or something and didn’t care if he crashed his own car along with his chances of winning.  Hamilton ran into the back of him with clear visibility.  If anything, why wasn’t Hamilton penalized for causing a collision?
Congrats on the marriage! 🎉
Not even going to watch telemetry records show max braked heavily equivalent to 2.4g he knows what he done and I bet he causes an issue in the next race , he has got away with a lot this season his attitude and driving is very similar to Prost with his rivalry against senna and caused constant problems.
Something needs to be done about "Giving a place back" just before a DRS section which makes it impossible to hold that position. Otherwise you might as well not bother giving the place back.
Congratulations on your wedding have a long happy marriage
if there was gravel trap instead of asphalt then he would be out trapped so he couldnt get advantage of cutting road..
First, be happy and have healthy and beautiful children!!! Three aspects are to blame here for Max: 1. he did not clear the track, he stood in the middle.... 2.  only after the incident did he clear the track, on the right side, with maximum acceleration  . 3. He waited for Lewis to be very close when he braked stronger. That means "intention" or "strategy" as it was broadcast on the radio.... On the other hand, Lewis wants to look "smart" when he says he doesn't want to be overwhelmed with DRS.... In fact, in those seconds he didn't understand what Max was doing at low speed in the middle of the circuit in idea that an incident happened in front of Max...
As a Dutch guy I always respected Hamilton and Mercedes to be fair but hard racers, now my respect (and the respect of the whole Netherlands) is gone. If your main competitor cuts across the track and tries to give the position back, get past him! Even if he didn’t know the plan was to get past if you see your rival braking and slowing down on a straight (strategy or not) why do you hang behind him, if you see someone slowing down get past him. Maybe it’s the orange glasses, but I think the extra brake was to let Hamilton know get the f past me. And the the stewards who give Max the penalty for doing what the stewards told him to do is complete bs, saying Mercedes didn’t know is completely on their side on not Red Bulls or Max’ problem. “I look at the race at the drivers perceptive.” But Hamilton is the clear favourite.
Max was impatient.  He wanted DRS and he tried to force Hamilton to give him it.    When Hamilton finally got passed he had to drive Max to the edge of the track otherwise Max would have tried to swoop around the outside where another collision would probably have happened.   It's bonkers!
Energy D. RedBull dirty tactic in creating bad sportsman by taking out other driver by hopping they let other driver ran  into them from behind
Doesn’t anyone remember maxs nickname when he came ? Mad max
Congrats to getting maried
Merry wedding
They will colide in the last race of the season to, it will be like how Senna Prost once were.
Good point with the gravel track. We need more gravel to discourage dirty driving.
Max hits the brakes after Hamilton refuses to overtake him. It’s all Hamilton’s fault. But he always plays the victim.
CONGRATS, CHEERS!
congratulations🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Congrats for ur mariage bro!
Congrats on getting married!
From the start Mercedes tried to spoil the race by Bottas ordering to make the gap between him and Lewis bigger, thanks to Mick that didn’t work. Then after the red flag Lewis started to moan and moan, moaning Lewis. After the start (great from Lewis) followed by a push of by Lewis of which he does all the time but when on the other side he complains when he got pushed wide. Pathetic but ok. Then Max wanted to let Lewis pass, that caught Lewis by surprise and that was a mistake from Lewis, but Lewis  pushed Max later of track (which is according to him, doing it by him ok, and so thinks the FIA) , if Max had done that he would have got a penalty.  The amount of rat behavior from Lewis and Mercedes is totally ignored by the FIA, Toto is the example of a frustrated little boy banging his desk and jumping up and down behaving like a spoiled brat. And the FIA? They look the other way with all the suspicious car elements on the Mercedes, every normal human being would start to question himself with the speed difference after an engine change where no supposed upgrades can be added.  Then the F1 commentators go haywire at Max for being over the edge, when you are so one sided and still think Lewis is the god and you really don’t see what Lewis and Mercedes are doing out of order to win, then it’s time they quit, because they are not commentators but fan boys who see the splinter but don’t see the tree in their own eyes.  For me Lewis was a great person and driver before this year, one of the best, but this year opened my eyes, he is only the best because he had always the best car, now he’s under pressure and he shows his cards, moaning Lewis he’s now for me, not a sir, but a hobo, he behaves calculated in front of the public with his woke talking, but in his hart he doesn’t give a damn ( still didn’t take distance from BLM supporting the killing Cuban government ), he goes over dead bodies, the Silverstone incident is getting darker every race (and remember he was out of his mind when he won, didn’t give shit about Max being in hospital). Its not that I hope Max will win, nope I just hope Lewis will lose, just for the fun of it to see his and Toto’s faces.
Lockup land is my new fav way of saying that :D
Very good unbiased  report but it still leaves one a slimball  YES you've quissed
I just hope the FIA won't f*ck up the results in Abu Dhabi. That would be a terrible end to a fantastic season
Ocon found himself inside a salt sandwich hahahaha  Congrats on the wedding !!
The F-1 Fans on social media ought to be demanding from Formula-1 their   proposed preventative actions before Abu Dhabi.  - will they ensure that Max conforms to the driving standards of all the other drivers;   or, should all drivers embrace Max's behavour?  - what will be the penalty, or penalties, if Max unceremoniously takes out L.H.,  in order to win the championship by virtue of the most season victories?     Further: F-1 has all the video files;  Fans should be demanding the following statistics.  How many times this year L.H. had to take evasive actions from Max's wrath,   versus the times the latter had to do likewise against L.H.
Congratulations mate!
First congratulations are in order to you and your wife. Now is it just me or does it seem as if F1 is literally giving these races to Lewis I mean just wow.
Congrats on the marriage!
As a recent neutral, and someone who has loved the competition this year, I don't understand how people keep on arguing tit for tat with Maxs defending/lunging.  I mean, there's an obvious, huge difference to how other people squeeze/force people off track. I mean, the vast majority of other drivers, Hamilton included, will hold their lead and force the attacking driver off. Whereas Max takes it one step further, he will come from behind, be 10m late on the brakes, completely miss the corner, and (glaringly obvious yet continuously omitted) will leave the track himself.  It's one thing pushing your opponent off track while still making the corner yourself, but completely different when you come from behind and fling your own car off track in the process.  Tsunodas done it a couple of times (on TV coverage at least) and he usually get a swift reprimand... Or takes the other driver out 😅
Would you like to hear some good news? This is the best news you'll hear. Everyone, including you and me, has sinned and falls short of God's glory (Romans 3:23). And because the wages of sin is death (Romans 6:23) you are headed for Hell for eternity. But because God loves you, He graciously offers you the gift of Eternal Life through Jesus Christ. Jesus died for your sins on the cross. He took the punishment you deserve, and He rose again on the 3rd day. If you believe this and confess that you need Jesus as your savior, then you are saved (Romans 10:9,10),  and regardless of what you may have done, there is no condemnation for you if you are in Christ Jesus (Romans 8:1). You are saved by what Jesus did on the cross, not what you do. Salvation is simple and free. "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only Begotten Son, that whosoever believes in Him shall not perish, but have eternal life."
FIA supported Max through out this race. It's a shame to watch RB running around like this, Max is one of the most dangerous drivers around
We should be thanking max for making it interesting, it would just be another boring procession if he wasn't so aggressive
Max is a dangerous cheat
"Well Michael, in fairness you crashed into the back of me. I didn't reverse into you." - Coulthard to Schumacher in Spa, 1998. At the end of the day, Lewis ran into Verstappen, not the other way around. Car 44 is to blame in that incident... But at least the FIA is consistant with giving penalties for the other driver rather than Lewis. By the way I'm a Raikkonen fan and I just want equal treatment for all the drivers and fair racing, but this partiality with Hamilton is just unacceptable. I mean, they don't want to interfere but they do it with these interactions more than if they didn't give penalty. #letthemrace
Felicidades, mine is just 67 days away. Back to business,  if you are a 7-time world champion,  racing since 8 years old, how can you just not go passed Max??? He just wanted to and then play his mind game and the victim. Lewis knew what was going on, and he just hit it!!
FIA are just the scum of the earth
Best race since ever to many contacts and drama loved it
As someone who isn't cheering for anyone this season, i gotta say, Verstappen > Hamilton. That dude only complains instead of racing hard like Verstappen does. He's a gucci snowflake. And the reason why he gets away with so much is all down to the fact FIA doesn't wanna get involved in press stories on how they punished the BlAcK dude. Simple as that.
Congratulations mate   God bless you and your wife
Max is a dangerous Driver. He's out of control.
7:41 Excellent analysis, I think you hit the nail on the head. None of the F1 commentators mentioned this point. Great work.
Contests on getting married, I wish you all the best. As for Max, no doubt it's intentional but as with alot of his questionable behaviour, it's done in a manner that's difficult to prove there will be no further action.
Congratulation to your wedding.
From Canada, a sincere and hearty congratulations on your marriage. Since I discovered Driver61, my knowledge of both the history of Formula One and your commentary for each F1 race during its' season is superb!  I have learned so much and am one-hundred percent confident of your accurate commentary when discussing a race with friends.  And if I may share my feelings on marriage with you: Since my marriage, almost 14 years now, I have never been happier, absolutely no regrets either. We wish only the Best for you two... Enjoy life together
They are Both great drivers but max is a cheeky driver not wanting to play fair. Its a sport and anything can happen but i hope Hamilton wins.
Happy marriage...
Not a word on Bottas slowing down  Verstappen under safety. Not a word on Hamilton putting a big gap on formation lap to let Max tires cold down. Not a word on the fact that te rules do not say in which part if the track you have to let pass the other driver and that Hamilton is an F1 driver and knows exactly that Max was breaking. Very biased analysis this time.
Why would someone brake 2.4G down the straight :D
How about the perceived slow approach of hamilton at the first restart? Any comment on that? Or was this a non issue?
I feel Lewis doesn't make it look to obvious when he pushes people wide
How dirty a driver that Crystappen is....!!!!
Congrats on getting married
look at the telemetry, both braked and Ham even accelerated right before the crash
Max: drives dirty, cuts through track to gain advantage, break checks lewis at 2.4Gs  FIA: hands max penalties Everyone: WOW FIA IS LITERALLY MAKING IT UP AS THEY GO ALONG! THIS IS RIGGED!
Verstappen is undeniably a great driver; but he's ruining both his and Red Bull's reputation by driving unnecessarily aggressive, and consistently displaying poor sportsmanship throughout 2021.  As a McLaren fan, I have no stakes in the championship battle between Verstappen and Hamilton. Having said that,  now that we're here at the end of the season I don't want Verstappen to win.
Congratulations on your wedding
My new wife 😂
FIA has full support is on Verstappen, I've seen it before and also on Sunday's race, where Verstappen should have been punished more. It is clear that Verstappen intentionally  wanted to damage Lewis car by unfortunate breaking. In fact, Verstappen gone crazy to lose the race one after another. Verstappen has forgotten that legend is always legend...
Max drive like play video game..
Though I just don’t get why Verstappen got a 5 second penalty even though Lewis had pushed him off track as well by missing the corner …?!
The Lewis cried again and all the wokes ran to his aid and bend over backwards again to give him the advantage. Nico Roseberg could had another title if not 2 more if it wasn't for Lewis running his teammate off the road.
Congrats on the marriage Scott, really love the videos. We dont often get a race driver's point of view outside of the main spotlight like Brundle, Palmer, Chandhok or PDR
Thanks to Mrs Mansell for allowing hubby to continue his great content even on honeymoon ....
congratulations!
Imagine if Bottas would have taken out Verstappen during the first restart with his huge lockup, things would be ugly!
Anything you say will be biased in  favor of your country men
One comment from Max that really worries me.. "I still have the advantage because I have the most race wins"!!!!!.. What the hell is that supposed to mean Max!? I hope the hothead doesn't do something stupid.
Congrats on the nuptials. You give a really good view of whats happening without bias. #Bringbackgravel
Congrats (with your marriage and) on a very complete and correct overview on the race from a racedriver point-of-view. But on the subject of completeness, please do not forget the cheeky moves from HAM 1. leaving a huge gap with VER towards the 2nd starting grid, which may partly explain his fantastic start with warmer tires, relative to VER. 2. the yo-yo speed of HAM under VSC, not staying in his speed window and 3. finally because of the title of your video, you should have mentioned the HAM-VET braketest incident in Baku 2017 (which remained unpunished for HAM), just because of the irony of the whole situation. Other than that, enjoy your honeymoon with your very beautiful wife…
Congrats on getting married. Thanks for all your amazing videos. I don't post comments on youtube but my love for this sport and your analysis has hijacked me to do this.
Congratulations 🎉👏🎉👏👏🎉
Congratulations on your marriage. We look forward to hearing from you after a wonderful time together with your bride.
Hamilton had a good 5 -6 seconds after he was told that max had a penalty, Hamilton is at fault
Verstappen, a great driver- fast, has created an awful habit (all through the season) of determining that Hamilton will not pass without contact being made.
It's evident what happened, neither wanted to give up the DRS detection zone to each other. Max slowed down way before and gave Lewis plenty of room. Lewis didn't take the space and chose to play the game, I'm sure Max got upset and frustrated that he was tailgating him instead of passing and slowed down a little too quickly which was the part the FIA found reckless. But he was slowing down way before that. It's really pathetic and bad sportsmanship on Lewis's part, they were neck and neck leading up to Max's illegal move. Why not just take the free pass and try to fight him off at the start/finish instead of trying to play the rules and crying that he brake checked him when he had plenty of time to get around.  Surely, Max was in the wrong - But Lewis showed horrible sportsmanship. I don't understand why any team, driver or fan would want the championship decided by the race director. The FIA has been terrible, but at least they didn't overstep and both drivers will have an equal shot going into the last round.   Liberty wants to take the sport to America, but it's really hard for a lot of us here in the states to stomach when there are so many rules and they are sometimes so vague or ambiguously enforced. It seems like most of the rules are only enforced when someone important cries enough. The teams seem to spend more time trying to sabotage each other than they do cooking up strategies to beat each other.
2.4
To sum up the video, yes Max brake checked Ham.
Racer's pass the car they're racing where you find them. Lewis spaced or something. curious to know if there was merc radio chatter prior to the moment of collision.
Why isn't there a turn or time limit for giving a position back? For example, a team must notify a driver within 30 seconds from FIA notification, and a driver then has some number of turns (maybe somewhere between 4-6? Depending on track maybe?) to give the place back. Then you don't end up with a driver going most of the way through a track to a specific spot. It may make it more difficult to give a position back strategically, but if a driver recognizes an error and gives back immediately, or simply avoids action that would gain an unfair advantage off track, they'd avoid this whole situation entirely.
One thing that you didn't mention was Max's positioning of his car to let Lewis back in front. Max I believe parked his car in the middle of the track to force Lewis to scrub speed off by having to apply more steering angle to get around his car so Max would be able to stay closer to Lewis in the DRS zone. Effectively Max made his car a tighter chicane for Lewis to go around rather than move to one side where Lewis would have been able to keep the momentum down the straight (notwithstanding his brake test).
Brake Check? That's not even a thing in F1!!! I'm really peeved at the broadcast team for even introducing that concept. Any seasoned F1 fan is well aware that exploiting the "gray area" of the sporting regs IS a thing, and RB and Max exploit with the best of em. I will agree that Max was definitely choosing an interesting spot to let Lewis around per the stewards, and was probably as shocked as anyone that that car that had been on his gearbox the entire race drove up his back side instead of pulling aside and going around as LH had been given the "2.? G" open door to do so. Besides, and it's usually in NASCAR, but a "brake check" occurs between two cars with bumpers that are going relatively equal speeds and are within inches of each other, and the car in front is well aware that it's about to get hit from behind when he hits the brakes. Obviously Max was trying to inspire the pass early so that he could use DRS for an undercut attempt.....JUST LIKE HE DID AGAIN!! So, there was no "brake check" and desperate Lewis was caught drafting, when he should have been passing. Simple as that. As for Lewis "not leaving room to race" and forcing opponents off course to keep from crashing, just watch ANY race and you'll see him do it, and it's very calculated. Occasionally it's a lack of grip, but many times it's intentional car placement leaving the competitor with one option. Lewis had madd talent, doesn't need to play dirty to win, I sure wish he'd prove it....but he won't. Max has been royally screwed by the Stewards this season and it's impressive that he is where he is despite their unfair judgements, AND with a positive "take his lumps" attitude and will be a Champion F! fans can be proud of. #1moreleft
I have never seen any driver going at 155+ then slow down that much for that driver to pass, I'm of the opinion Max checked Lewis knowing the possibility of Lewis crashing. Congratulations on your marriage, base on your fair analysis here, your marriage will be long.  A hungry cub normally chokes when the food is plentiful because that cub believes being full now is being full forever (Max).
I don't understand what the 5-second penalty was for if he already gave the position back... was that NOT his penalty already??? Makes no sense. As a 5-second penalty literally ENDS the race for him as he is never going to build that kind of gap up. Max prob didn't have the tires to race till the end anyways but still. I don't want time penalties determining a world championship
Its actually the fia's fault because they did not tell Mercedes they will be switching the cars
Yes.
7:38 , yep! this is exactly what i'm thinking about!
Congratulations 🎉
Happy wedded life mate !!
Max and Lewis are doing everything they can to win the WDC, you can't fault them for that. FIA on the other hand seem to be rolling dice to give out penalties for the two frontrunners and can't get messages out to the team in time. No matter who wins this year it will be a win tainted by the inconsistency and lack of clarity from the FIA.
If I remember rules correctly, if Max just let Lewis go smoothly, he would still be pole sitter in second restart, because no full laps driven
I love this race action on track, but driving slow to gain advantage (Bottas in the beginning of the SC, Hamilton just before the restart) is such an annoying and boring thing.
To be fair, lewis brake tested seb behind a safety car at baku in 2017 and didn't get a penalty. I don't think max deserved a penalty for trying to let lewis by the way he did.
Lol your wife should be satisfied with 30k likes
well the telemetry doesn't lie, sudden braking force of 2.4g? yeah he did that shit on purpose. The wishy washy stance of the FIA this season has been terrible. Refusing to penalize Max in Brazil. Then penalizing him in Saudi. They need to decide what is and isn't considered letting them race. The whole Saudi GP was a shit show. The tire issues that Max had at the end of the race were from his own stupid move. Yes Lewis was pulling some tricks but the bitching about not leaving room for Max is horse shit. Max needs to learn to know when to back out when other drivers own the corner. Honestly Max is going to pull a Senna/Schumacher and crash out Lewis to win the WDC. Max is a talented driver, but he has no regard for others and have no problem crashing out because "he didn't leave room."
why didnt hamilton get penalty for hitting max from behind? he could do that on purpose and then play dumb like "he brake check me".
max is a 🤡
Congrats on your marriage. We  need you here, 10k subs or no.
30 sec in, already done with the video, And will you ever not be completely biased...
9999 subs to go mate, you earned mine. Congratulations!
He brake checked him, no doubt. Max is showing his true colours lately and it's not a good look.
Max is probably going to cause a major accident sooner rather than later,watching him you feel like it's a case of "when" instead of "if", he will inevitably have a hardcore old school racing excuse why, I hope his dangerous driving doesn't kill someone.
My Top "Shounen" Anime Openings : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7D6F4s3dLM4&ab_channel=Kurowolf
Congratulations!🎉🎊🎈
Congrats mate. Wishing all the best for you and Mrs. Mansell for years to come. Get in there Scott!
Congrats on getting hitched!  Now you can role play Max and Lewis and do some "rear endings" 👅 🍆 💦
my "new" wife
subscribed man... for the sake of love... lol... congrats to you and your wife!!!
Congratulation on your marriage!
Congrats on your marriage!
Congrats Scott !!
Congratulations!!
Congrats on getting married. You found an amazing woman to let you film a video on your honeymoon. Thank you for your dedication and love the channel.
F1 has gone off the rails, but who cares? SHE'S BEAUTIFUL, SCOTT! ALL THE BEST!
CONGRATULATIONS SCOTT!!!
Congratulations!! Your dedication to F1 fans shows and is appreciated. Enjoy the honeymoon, and wishing you many years of joy to come
Congratulations on your marriage Scott and wish you guys a great honeymoon!
That was one of the most frustrating races that I've ever seen. Max V is a talented driver, but I'm incredibly disappointed with his driving.  Aggressive with your elbows out is fine.  However this was excessive and ridiculous.
Why have track limits in this kind of race  just go.wall to wall no one want to hit the barriers it's pretty much self defined this way ???
Remember when everyone was saying Max is a clean driver!!! Lol
In my opinion, Max is willing to do whatever it takes to win the championship, even bending the rules of racing! Not cool at all! We all want to see fair competition  , not rules bending!
Have watched a couple videos in the past because you always strive to give an objective point of view. Well done once again. +1 new subscriber. Keep up the excellent content. I think a lot of people could learn from your approach; both fans and analysts alike.
Just get the gravel/grass back on the sides man, for people like verstappen that’s the only way
No brake check that’s BS . The communications brake down could off killed someone.
Congrats on getting married!!  And thanks for another awesome video, as always.
We all saw it. Just watch the video as many times as needed, while tracking both cars' telemetric data: Max Brake-tested Lewis perhaps out of frustration, right after being told to do so.  Max slammed the brakes decelerating at 2.4G WITHOUT moving out of the way of Lewis who was right behind ready to use DRS. This should be investigated because it created an almost criminal attempt to hurt the contender, even to the cost of using his own car as an obstacle. It is amazing how quickly Lewis reacted to avert a much stronger collision and how miraculously that front wing held together until the end of the race.  BTW, congratulation on your wedding!
What if max was slowing down because he had a puncture …. Would Lewis of still smashed into the back of Max?
Just lost me.
The fia should given the black flag to vertappen for being the dirtiest driver in f1 ever
Congrats!!
What the f..k had to do Ocon in the middle of Lewis and dirtiest driver ever in f1 ? What was he running for ?
I think that perhaps Hamilton is just not used to anyone really racing him! He’s a clean driver but always play acts the interviews and comes off with a sense of entitlement. I say keep the FIA out of most of it and let the race.
You all sure to subscribe !!!
Lewis said he didn't know Max was going to let him by? (A lie). If he saw Max slowing surely he would have thought Max had a problem and would have gladly passed him?   Lewis knew Max was giving him the place. The man's about as honest as his hair do.
With full chances of Mercedes trying to piss them on and off track, I think max and rbr should have had a calmer approach in second half of this season considering the fact that they are on level with Mercedes - first team to do so in 7 years.. Max is literally racing with all pure brute rage and sheer emotions without thinking of good, bad, ugly or right wrong etc. He still has a long career ahead which he can make good of..  Personally i want him to win this year, because this Mercedes regime is more boring then Ferrari regime of Schumacher era.  Let's hope last race makes justice.. Meanwhile no one at redbull is thinking of checo Perez loosing constructors championship points, it's all about wdc :)
Bottas goes super slow and no one calls him out. The FIA seems to think its ok to.
Lewis is clever, he knew what he was doing, he just didn't want to give drs to Max. But merc wanted to act like "you didn't tell us they were giving us the position back". U see a slow car, u pass them...i didn't see lewis slow down behind timo glock and ask if its ok to overtake in brazil 08 lol. P.s I don't hate lweis, I just found the whole incident pretty funny cos since when has a driver ever not overtaken a slower car in front under normal racing  conditions
If one word summed up Verstappen's weekend for me, it was "desperation", from that ragged edge final quali run to his antics in the race. Despite his claims to the contrary, I suspect the pressure of a title fight is getting to him. Not a good recipe for the final race, methinks.
My humble view is Hamilton and Merc have the F1A in their pocket end of the story and why is it always Botta's merc that gives problems never hamiltons' merc. All rigged mate all rigged.  All sports these days are rigged why? MONEY FFS
They didn't offer the position change to both teams it was only offered to Redbull 🧐
I don't get why you have to give rhe position back and then get an additional 5 seconds...it's one or the other
Haha Congratz man on the Wedding !!
To find out why Max behave so recklessly, you just need to know basic math:  -Max crash Lewis and Lewis is out : He won WC.  -Max crash Lewis and both out: He still won WC eventhough Lewis win on Abu Dhabi + fastest lap since he has more wins to win the tie.  -Max crash Lewis and force him to change wings: Lewis come back to 2nd, Max will seal WC by having 2nd place in Abu Dhabi.
Your wife will be happy with that review and the likes you get from it mate👍🏼 Perfect summery thank you
Congrats on getting hitched! Could you make a video on the rules around "giving back the position" can it actually be done strategically so you get DRS over the other driver?
Congrats on getting married. This is by far the best commentary that you’ve ever done on Max vs Lewis!
such a scummy driver literally intentionally running himself off the track twice
Congratulations for the Newly weds! Well, its a shame that as a racing driver and experience F1 youtuber, you didn't come up with the verdict whether Max did brakes tested on Lewis or not.  Many fans without F1 knowledge and experience would believe Max was not deliberate and innocent. Oh come on, the telemetry data and the on board footage doesn't lie. The sudden and erratic braking at the middle of the racing track was definitely dirty and dangerous.  Max knows he will gain by crashing as he has Points and Race win advantage. He have the mindset of win or crash!  I'm 100% sure Lewis knows he can't effort a crash or even coming 2nd at Jeddah and definitely he took so many avoiding action in the race.  Personally Max just get away with his antics since Monza. Doesn't actually served 3 grid penalty at the Sochi with his engine change and mere 10 seconds penalty that don't have any effect on the results for the brake testing at Jeddah.  If it were the other way around, I'm sure Lewis would have been disqualified!
About Verstappen brake checking Hamilton. It is impossible to know exactly what was in Max' mind unless Max admits it and he is never going to do that BUT 1) F1 pilots have a very intimate relation with their cars, he obviously knew exactly how much pressure he put on the brakes and he knew exactly how HIS car would react. AND 2) He knew exactly WHERE Lewis was. So its either a brake check OR something extremely weird happened like he had a seizure or something. It is obvious that even with the red flag and his luck that put him in front, Max knew that Lewis was faster and he did every dirty thing he could think to deny Lewis the victory. He then said after the race "I gave it my all" and a little later (or a little earlier) also said that after the 5 sec penalty “It was not worth fighting anymore”. HIS words. So which is it? Can't have it both ways. Max is erratic on and of the course.
congrats on the wedding!
Not enough is being said or done about HAM pretending he was confused and running into the back of Max.  If you’re racing and the car in front slows down, you overtake. End of story.  HAM has shown very little integrity with his ‘story’ of being ‘confused’.
hamilton did not get the message at the same time max did to let him pass, hence the confusion on lewis' side
Congrats
With Verstappen having the tiebreaker for the championship. Look for Verstappen in the next Grand Prix to take Hamilton out in a crash, which will give him the Championship. I honestly believe Verstappen has no integrity and will do anything no matter how disgusting it may be to win this championship.
it would be great if Max wins the championship, but Lewis is on a different level. I believe he will the first man to have 8 titles
Congrats man! I hope the Mrs. Loves F1 as much as you!
Well look's like that Merc doesn't have brakes.
Dont mess with hamilton he can win with broken wings
Petition to make you have micheals spot
I think we should just go watch indycar, F1 is not about racing anymore, I fear it never was...
Congratulations.
congratulation on your wedding!
He did. The stewards said, released evidence and let him off with no penalty, just like Brazil  no penalty. And that say enough. Let’s just get it over with. This is the most embarrassing and desperate season ever.
I have eyes that work and the restart max as usual dive bombed the turn knowing Hamilton would have to yield or be immediately taken out the race, benifiting max with points lead he could afford to wreck out with Hamilton. Not guttzie but calculating, with no regard of the spirit of clean racing  He is a vidiot at best
Hey, big fan of urs! Could you please tell me how unfair the rules are that we have in F1? eg: you are not allowed to defend your position like Schumacher "The Legend" used to do. We saw multiple times that one cannot defend in the straight line like MAX tried to do in the previous races, BUT you can stop other cars which are faster than your in the corners by blocking them with your car positioning and pushing them off track? WTH really Another thing, F1 essence is pure racing right? when Ham sees an opportunity to overtake, he does whatever happens. But, when Max tried to let Ham pass... he didn't. Just because of DRS detection zone. On the top of it, FIA invetigating Max brakes? so unfair rules man.  I couldn't even find an answer to the questions raised by these rules.
Max didnt send it into turn 1 when he ran off track in turn 2. he only caught up to lewis cause he just didnt brake enough
i call bs a driver crash into another that is supposed to let him pass should be penalized for avoidable contact the reason he didnt want was clear so intention is there as well ofc not for a crash but for staing behind when another breaks for him to overtake. end of story
About the collision, I think Max is totally at fault. I see that Max slowed down to let Lewis through. But Max certainly didn't help himself by staying on the racing line. If he wanted to let Lewis through, he should've put his car on the left side of the track while slowing down. That way, the whole brake-checking incident won't happen. And Max could get the DRS more cleanly going into turn 1.
regardless of if he brake tested him he was in 3rd gear in a 320kph zone? thats dangerously slow. hes gonna take lewis out next weekend bro
What is damning to me and hiding in plain sight is that at no time this season, up to the point of Max slowing, did Hamilton ever slow to stay behind anyone and yet he did knowing full well the DRS zone was approaching. It was Max's job to give the place back and Hamilton didn't want it. He knew if Max got the DRS it was game over. I feel Max needed to slow significantly to make the strategy stick but with Hamilton staying behind and in line I think it was impetuous as it relied in Hamilton to make the move on track. There should be a rule stating that if you are x metres from the car in front slowing to let you pass you have 2 seconds to make the pass or forfeit the place.
You didn't mention that Crashstappen had both his front wheels locked up into turn one..  Why was that Driver 61 ?
Crap circuit does not help but I guess $$$$$$$ comes first as usual. The FIA needs to keep away from these artificial walled excuses for race circuits, they inevitably create unpleasantness and stupid crashes.
Max has been a whiner since he was a kid racing gokarts.
You’re like a non-famous Paul di Resta.
Congratulations Mate....Praying for many years of Joy and Happiness!
So the status quo continues for Verstappen driving however he likes, whichever time he pleases.  I wonder what Nigel, or Nelson would have done, if a driver in his mind had his own rules that only applies to himself. Sort of a dictatorship on verstappens part.  Verstappen is classless, and his father made him to feel he's the second coming of Senna.  So was Hamilton brake tested or not?  Without going any further I know the answer.
There is so much Verstappen bias in this video, much like how the FIA are turning a blind eye to his dirty driving in the hope they have a new champion to hook a new, younger lucrative audience.
Bit click baity to have your video title be a question which you don't even attempt to answer.
Max is threading between pushing on the edge and being dirty . . . Congrats on getting married bro!!!! Enjoy the honeymoon!!!!
Have you all forgotten Bottas backing Verstappen up so he could double stack his pit stop and impede Verstappen ? Then we have Verstappen TRYING to give the place back but Hamilton fucking around ....was he trying to back Verstappen into Bottas to fight for third? Also when Hamilton came up behind Verstappen he saw his rival slowing (we all did ) and a huge gap on the left. He CLAIMED he had no info from the pit wall ,so the natural thing for ANY racer would have been to fly past what could easily have been a failing car .BUT NO....Hamilton pulls up directly behind Verstappen and claims he wasn't sure ...maybe some crazy tactics . Verstappen giving room gets frustrated with the idiot behind and wiggles his steering ,then moves even further right and brakes , idiot then FINALLY decides to overtake and fucks it up ......BUT Verstappen gets the rap !!  can't say bad things about golden boy lulu
I think it is clear to see that if Hamilton had been the one doing all those transgressions, the outcome would have been very different.
Since Mercedes seems to have a huge speed advantage, I dont think that there is a was Verstappen can win this. Hamilton will just put his foot down in the DRS zones and he won't have a chance at all.
TLDR: yes he did
Congratulations on your marriage!
In Q3, I wonder if Max thought "If I cause double yellows, no one else can set a lap time"?
Hey congrats on the marriage, may god bless you♥️
It Feels like mercedes can do no wrong fia gives them the benefit of the doubt everytime
So my only question is why wasn’t Lewis investigated for pushing Max off the track?
People complained about competition in F1 and now that we have it they are over analyzing it.......these are two great drivers doing great things.....we have Hamilton who is like like Aryton Senna in his ability in the wet and consistency.......then we have Verstappen who is like Michael Schumacher in his ability to drive on the limit and aggressiveness......we will be talking about this battle for decades to come as we approach the end of the ICE age and change to electric propulsion.
Hamilton could have avoided Max. IMO he was trying to puncture max's tire in hope of him crashing bringing out the red flag so he could change his nose whilst maintaining the ill gotten lead
😂 😂 congrats! Just subscribed! Wishing you a long and amazing marriage! 🥂
Crashstappen is a Go Kart Racer in Formula 1 car 🏎
Maaaaaan! Congrats!!❤❤❤❤❤
Help you out how? By getting you 10K likes to save your marriage or by not giving you those likes to save you from it?
Max is a child
Congratulations on your marriage!
Sorry but I won’t subscribe as I can’t take the majority of people with English accents seriously
Congratulations brother
Congratulations on your marriage!
Verstappen is to Formula 1 what trolling is to Youtube.  Verstappen would be the first choice for future F1 crash derby.
Lovely analysis as usual. My 2 cents is that if someone brakes in front of me at 2.8g (really is A LOT) on the open highway, it is completely irresponsible and dangerous and if caught on my dash cam the person could be charged with reckless endangerment, I would think that a professional driver like Max might have a little more respect for the intemse machines under his control and the damage that kind of behaviour can cause in real life. Id say congrats on marriage but... well good luck instead 🤣
A mistake at 8:08, "These two don't stop."  This should be "One of the drivers literally won't stop, regardless of rules or safety."
FIA 🤝 Mercedes
Massi made some amazing and  aweful decisions for F1.  We need drama, and Hamilton and Verstappen pulled shenanigans   The debate is who was harsher
Hai there’s a lot going on here😂
I disagree with the gravel trap comment. Use Monza as an example
Congrats
Congrats brother!!C'mon we gotta support our guy here!!
2:13 Somesay it is a Mogul Move.
Great vid congrats on the wedding … these two are battling at high speed it’s awesome and awesome for the sport I have loved this
Lousy officiating.  The stewards waited too long to give the 5-second penalty to Max after he gained the position on Lewis by going off track.  It took them so long to impose that penalty that in the meantime, there was that botched almost-position-giveback.  Max should have been penalized for driving even more laps after not succeeding in giving the position back.  Then they assessed the 5-second penalty, and Max finally gave the position back, as it turns out, unnecessarily.  What a mucked-up fess.
I've been a fan of Max, but it disappoints to see him cheat by running Lewis off the track in the bends. In fairness, the FIA & race stewards have shaped his approach by issuing penalties that are less than a slap on the wrist.  Max still owes Lewis a huge shunt to pay back what happened at the British GP where Lewis punted Max into the fence, got his car repaired, took a mere 10 second penalty, and won the race for an ill-gotten profit of 25 points.
Congrats on your marriage! Max is a very gifted driver but he's a danger to other drivers when he tries to defend his position at all costs. That is going to come back to bite him some day.
Congrats, all the best!
Congrats on the marriage!! Your Wife looks great so do you my man, and so do your videos. Keep them coming its always great to see an ex-driver prespective
Can you imagine CR7 taking marriage at final stages of Champions League? If your wife really loves you, the wedding had to be postponed until january. Sometimes trust hurts
Congrats on getting married! Much love from a very loyal sub ❤️
Congrats on your wedding! Best wishes.
Congratulations 🎉
Damn, on honeymoon and still making videos!
Max now has such an incentive to not allow Lewis to pass him that a crash between the two seems inevitable. Would the stewards dare dock him championship points post race?
Congratulations!
Break testing a driving, he should been black flag.
I’m just here to say max can’t drive wheel to wheel and if he crashes Lewis out next week he’ll be a certified scrub and never respected as a driver or champion.
Congratulations on getting married
How was it brake test when Hamilton slowed down himself? I'm sorry but your completely wrong. Lewis purposely slowed down behind Max for no reason.
The current DRS rules still let drivers game the system by letting drivers past in strategic locations.  Max letting Lewis past before the line, and Lewis not wanting to pass before the line, is a perfect example of such gaming becoming dangerous.  Perhaps the FIA needs to disallow a certain number of DRS opportunities after forcing a position change.
congratulations on your marriage man!!
The one video on this incident I've been waiting on!
I love it when they air Michael Masi’s comments during the race…. The exchanges are usually priceless! 😉
Congratulations on getting married, Scott! Way to go!
Data and subsequent penalties proved #CrashThingsHappen brake checked LH44 ⛔ #ConstantRedMist
Congrats on the wedding buddy!
Yes. Indubitably.
On the so called brake check. If you no longer go for the gap that exists, you are no longer a racing driver. It was Hamilton who choose to run into Verstappen. I mean, what if Verstappen had engine issues or maybe a gearbox lockup suddenly... is Hamilton also going to stick behind Verstappen in fear of losing his DRS? What Hamilton did made no sense at all in my humble opinion, but since Max was told to let Lewis pas strategically I can understand him trying to get him through before the DRS marker, not knowing the knobhead would run into the back of him... which sane driver does that anyways? 🤷‍♂️
Congratulations on getting married, best of luck I wish you two!
Red Bull is a giant machine to launder drug money
Congratulations on your marriage!!!!
---->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSkV2jxoRVVlyohxphQK-S9R --->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSlhjwzn3utvcw6XKujKjb0C
7:00 for the title topic. YW
I still think that Mercedes has a car advantage, in that race alone they had a 5 mph speed advantage, that’s near impossible to defend against down those long straights. Max HAS to drive that car to the very edge of its envelope to even keep it competitive. I don’t understand some of their decisions during that race, like going to a medium tire for the 3rd restart. How many times has Mercedes used a late race tire advantage against Red Bull? You think those lessons would have been learned, but evidently not. Hamilton is a good driver in a phenomenal car. Max is a phenomenal driver in a good car. I do think in like machines Max would beat Hamilton on most days. I don’t see Hamilton having to drive the Merc to the ragged edge to keep up, he’s pretty chill in there, like the car just does what he needs it to do without him having to really force it. Max on the other hand is on the ragged edge of that cars capabilities and when you’re on the edge, you can’t step over it even by a little bit, or you lock up a wheel and run into a wall.
it was obvious what happened. max had to give his position, but he tried to do it before the DSR line so he could pass hamilton right away. Hamilton did not pass him exactly because of the DSR. and HAM did not think VER would brake that hard, thats why they collided. it has nothing to do with bad or good communication. HAM would have done the same even if the radio told him to overtake.
Congratulations🫂
He see red every time something doesn't go his way, he's very dangerous! Red flags shouldn't mean you can work on your can and gain an advantage, and max 100% brake tested Lewis, and a 10 second penalty is not really a penalty, as it costs him nothing, lets see what utter bs horner comes out with next? Mug.
Let’s just like not race here again
Congrats on the wedding and hope one of these days you introduce Mrs Driver61 to all your followers!!!!
1:14 On your wallpaper, I see funny big headed anthropomorphized eggs with earrings and a thin waist that want to box.
Congratulations mate!!
Congratulations on no longer being single!
Yes, he did. End of video.
Max is one of the most interesting drivers I’m aware of. He’s matured more than I would’ve thought possible given the short number of years in which he’s done it - but he definitely has matured greatly. But Sunday, perhaps a bit Saturday as well, but Sunday he cracked a fair bit & we got to see that the young ‘Max the Mad Missile’ is still in there. Whether what happened was fair or unfair, his reaction was what it was, and the team has to have a buried worry coming back to the surface. The Constructor’s trophy is lost for RedBull barring something incredible happening, so they’ll be all in for him taking the Driver’s Championship. But the team has to be chewing some fingernails over how he behaved in Jeddah. I’m not trying to be critical, but I’m sure Toto was excited to see the pressure become too much possible for Max.   I used to be… but I am not a Hamilton fan. I do see him winning though. Mainly because the cold determined but calculating Max I’ve been watching finally cracked a bit. A it may only take a bit to destroy his chances.
Trending #7! If only they told us thee point value of that move. Congratulations!
Lewis has to be the luckiest driver. The fact his wing didn't fall off after contact with Ocon and Verstappen is mind boggling
F1 is a real s***show
What a legend !   Congrats 🎉
It shouldn’t be up to the stewards. He went off the track to gain/maintain lead and should have conceded before it went to stewards.
He was in the center of the track ,not to the right or left? IDK
Congratulations on your wedding 💒
FIA going out of their way to not disqualify Max. Its a farce.
Congrats on getting married! Brilliant content as always.
The current rules regarding DRS insetivise a clever driver to be "strategic" if required to give back a position.  Clearly when a penalty has occurred the party committing the foul should not get to control their punishment.  I feel one of two things should happen, frankly most of the time the driver knows if the committed a violation like this, if they give back the position before the officials have to intervene then okay, otherwise they have to give back the spot at the corner they committed the violation.  This would prevent gaming DRS in most cases.  However we may only have one race left under DRS because if the new cars work their won't be DRS anymore.
I think you've missed some points:   Hamilton warming up his tyres like crazy before the first standing start.   When you said Max ran Lewis out on the first overtake Lewis did.  Actually Max would have made the corner if Lewis didn't turn into him. Can you check on that part again?
Great overview mate and congrats on the wedding!
The two greatest drivers of the decade and one of them arguably the best ever dont know how to race at least one corner side to side... for fucks sake
Lewis on white being at equal speed as max on yellow made it all impossible for max to win... mercedes just has the most complete package again
Gotta sub for the marriage. Gongrats!
A Big Congratulations from Canada🇨🇦🇨🇦Canada 🇨🇦🇨🇦
you should just ditch your wife
So does history repeat itself in A-D (Prost/Senna 1990 Suzuka, Japan) whereby Max takes out Lewis in turn one & wins the title on number of wins?
CONGRATS ON THE WEDDINGGG
Congrats on getting married Scott!
In other posts about this race I've seen people lauding Max's maturity, but I feel he was showing the exact opposite of maturity this weekend.
Max commits multiple infringements every race, but it’s crickets from FIA or a slap on the wrist at best. Thanks DTS for turning a racing sport into a ratings show
Soooo, gave the position back and yet still got a 5 second time penalty. I don't know, it just appears to be weird, but weird is pretty common when referring to the FIA!
Congratulations on your getting married!! All the best to you and your wife 👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽👏🏽
Best wishes mate! … and Mrs 61 too.
Best wishes for you and your lovely wife!
Thanks for the breakdown. I watched the race twice already and my conclusion is that max is a cheating, reckless baby and Louis an experienced pro. The best driver won this race.
Leadership comes from the top.  It's amazing how the experienced Toto blames Max for the collision when his 'live telemetry' and 'Super star' Louis actually experienced Max slowing down on the straight long before Max braked.  Why did Louis climb up Max's butt when Max was slowing down?  Surely, with Louis's experience and ability, he should have instinctively moved to the left to avoid a possible collision?  Is that not standard practice for all car racing to take evasive action where possible?
Congrats on the marriage!
Best part of the video was the wedding announcement 🙌🙌 happy for you brother!! Shame I am already a subscriber 😆
You didn’t mention that he should’ve pull over to the side👀
Congratulations!
Oh. Please answer this. Max got a 5 sec penalty for cutting the corner in T1 and getting by Hamilton. But, he was ordered to give the Place back. So, was Max penalized twice for the same incident?
congratulations mate!! enjoy the honeymoon!!
What we saw was entertaining, but it was not racing. Utter joke to spend that much time under SC/VSC. Fuck that track. If you want NASCAR bullshit, watch NASCAR.
Not confusing, it was dangerous more than once
Congratulations and I bs on she saying that
Congrats man!
Wow, These comments are far more civilised than Instagram or twitter. I might come here more often!
I really want to know why Max would use the brakes to slow to let Lewis past, should he not have just lifted and coasted so no need to hit the brakes half way along the straight after accelerating full throttle for the first section ( I get he was trying to play the DRS, but this order of full throttle to brakes on half way up the straight seems dangerous misleading and confusing). Do drivers usually brake to let someone through half way up a straight (through a corner a different story of course but then clear intent off the racing line would be more obvious)  On top of that If max was the one that had to 'give' back the position should he not have made a clearer move to one side or the other, sticking in the middle was forcing Hamilton to move around him and 'take' the position, would/should that not be considered an overtake as opposed to being giving back the position.  P.S Congratulations on getting married, and enjoy the Honeymoon.
Verstappen should be charged with attempted Murder or Attempted GBH..  Brake testing an F1 Car  is the height of stupidity!..  Hamilton could have gone under his car or over... In both cases, could have killed or injured Hamilton of the Lone Spectator at the track!!There is Wheel to Wheel Racing, with Verstappen, you have an Imbecile Racing! Are the F1 Stewarts total Idiots?
Congratulations 🎉 🎈
Sorry if this is a silly question but what happens if in the next race max just goes out of his way to deliberately crash into lewis? Doesn't he win the championship as they both dnf? Even if he gets dq or penalty so long as Lewis didn't finish in the points he wins? Or are there harsher penalties like point deductions?
Congrats! And great analysis too!
The "offer" was more of a polite demand. It was like... "you guys want to take 3rd? If not it'll go to the stewards and you'll most likely get a penalty... so..."
Congratulations on getting married! We appreciate your videos. Be good to yourself and the new bride!
Congratulations!
Congratulations on getting married my man!
you're British and not even half way through the bias was evident "from a fan's perspective"..  you should rephrase that "from a Lewis Hamilton's fans perspective."
So don’t watch F1 for the racing, watch it for the drama.
One thing I love about Luis Hamilton he is such a good sportsman  Ha Kidding he is a poor sportsman. All he does is wine about other drivers and how he was wronged . Does any one remember a few years ago when Luis brake checked the then world champion Vettel  on the La Rascasse turn at Monaco . No penalty there even though you could see his rubber smoking. This is the first time in F1 for a brake check. So all I can say is  SHUT UP LUIS. you poor sportsman.
Immaturity
Congrats to you and your wife. Circuit is too dangerous in my opinion.
Looked to me that Verstappen wanted Lewis to hit him and went out of his way to make this happen.
I think it's a case that Hamilton has the faster car so Max is doing anything he can to level the advantage. Fastest car generally wins so I expect Lewis to win easily or another controversial coming together
I dont know how Verstappen got driver of the day. Something not mentioned here -- must have a big fan base thats phone savvy.  Fighting for the same bit of road -- looks like a brake test to me -- a number of roll outs from both Hamilton and Verstappen on the first corner -- IMO  Verstappen was no were near fair in his attempts a least when Hamilton did he kept his own car on the track.  Hope things stay this way in the last race -- this reminds me of the Roseberg -Hamilton / Schumacher - Prost/Hill/Button
What are your thoughts on allowing a change of tyres when a race is red flagged?
You’re #27 on trending as of me posting this comment
Was waiting for this juicy video. Great job as always and Congrats!
This incident was absurd. Poor Hamilton he was so confused. When you're chasing a car and it slows down (no matter what the reason) *you pass the car!* Duh. Cars slow down all the time for a myriad of reasons. Nobody has ever approached a slowing car in another racing car, slowed down and wondered, "hmm, why is he slowing down, I should slow down and check first, I'm so confused". Hamilton should have been penalized for running into Verstappen.
It's either give position back or 5 sec penalty, not both.
Congrats on getting Hitched!  Oh buddy you have a LOT to handle now!  Super commentary Max V Lewis. Quite the crazy one! DMAX motion sim
congrats on wife
Hey congratulations 🎉🍾🎈
Thank you for the expert opinion. Hopefully all the twitter experts take notice, on both sides of the rivalry.
Does anyone know where Driver61 gets his B Role images? some of these i want as a background
Congrats 👏
Max needs to pull a senna this Sunday!
fun fun fun
Congratulations on getting married Scotty
This is a very long video for the sentence, “No, he tried to let him past and Lewis crashed into him instead.”
Congrats Scott!
Yes obviously Max brake tested Hamilton
What a disgrace.
Congratulations on your marriage !!
Congratulations! What a lovely couple you make. Live long and prosper!
Felicitation!! All the very best, happiness and long lasting love.
Congrats on the nuptials!
Congratulations
Max brake checked him because max is a spoilt child that is a danger to other drivers.  He 100% did it on purpose to try and crash Ham out as he had the lead in the championship   He should have been given about 4 black flags this season so far for disgusting cheating.  Max and rbr are making a mockery of f1
*_CONGRATULATIONS!_*
Masi is a clown, started in Brazil when he bottled it and now not dealing well with the pressure. Max would have received a 5 sec pen which would have put him down the order after the pit stop, instead we are now playing who wants to be a millionaire F1 style with multiple choice’s given. Preferential treatment to Max again when there are VERY clear rules. Horner is out clowning Masi with the let them race crap when clearly Max is in torpedo mode, he tried to take Lewis out several times, just bizarre.
Best review from this weekend by far...  I've seen some ridiculous ones as well 🙄
Congratulations on your wedding
I thought Max got a 5 second penalty, not 10. Was it changed later?
In my opinion the race director screwed up royally.  If he didn`t stop the race (red flag) immediately after Schumacher`s crash, and gave only a yellow flag, he shouldn`t have stopped later, because that would give an unfair advantage to Redbull, all in the guise of safety but really to repair a spponsor`s banner damaged in the crash.   The other observation is that this track needs to be fully modified for the next race, or we could see someone get killed.
Sorry … was already subbed so I can’t help there! 😂😂😂  Hope she sticks around! 😂 Congrats on your nuptials! Now go and have some fun! Jeez! 🤣
congratulations!
I think for staffing could not determine which side Hamilton wanted. So he only breaks to let him buy. On the other hand I don't think Hamilton knew from his pits that he was meant to go by. It's a terrible SNAFU.
8:08 would be great if you could explain what do you mean by "a very cheeky move" I don't really get it.
Congratulations on your union
Correct me if im wrong, verstappen made a wrong move and got a 5 second penalty. That should have been enough right? Then he got a penalty to let lewis trough, which he tried but lewis refused to do. So max lost a lot of time because of slowing down. Then he let lewis trough again for the second time but did it strategically and got the postition back. And then he had to let lewis troigh for the third time. So technically max had 4 penalty’s for 1 move?
It appeared to me that Verstappen's competitiveness has bled over into poor sportsmanship. IMHO, Hamilton is by far the better driver and I believe Verstappen knows it. Verstappen seems to be trying to counter Hamilton's ability, by driving aggressively and dangerously. From what I saw, I would think that Hamilton would have grounds for a formal complaint.
CONGRATULATIONS!!!
Stop capping for Max.
congratulations on new life man
🎉BIG! BIG! congratulations to you and your wife on your marriage 🎉
I think the race was predictable in that there was always going to be a lot of very aggressive driving, in the main from Max but Lewis showed that he was prepared to dish it out a bit as well. To be fair he was only doing to Max what Max does to everyone else when he overtakes.  What does surprise me is when Max refuses to see that he is in any way at fault. He still has his knickers in a twist about being penalised for an obvious rule infringement.  The thing that really showed that he still has some growing up to do was his childish behavior on the podium when he walked off and did not stay around for the photo's that all the promotors were looking for etc. It really is a shame that the officials still don't seem to be able to be consistent with their application of the rules. I honestly do think that Max twice drover dangerously.  First when he re-entered the track dangerously on the first restart and when he clearly braked hard in front of Lewis when they hit.  When Schumacher did similar he had points deducted Max just got an additional 5 seconds added to his 5 second penalty. In other words he got away with it. (it should have been a drive through penalty) This guff about let them race is nonsense, it only gets touted about when their driver has done something wrong but it looks good so let it go. It's about time the FIA said clearly the while line is the track limit and it will be observed at ALL TIMES then there is no excuse and life becomes simple for everyone and then the driver who can pilot round the track and on the track all the way will clearly be the best. It shouldn't be the one who gets away with it the most.
Anyone else notice that Verstappen never changed tire compounds during the whole race?  Started on mediums, changed to a new set of them and finished on that same compound.  What about that, F1???
To me it is like Max is sim racing on the real track
It just shows they need gravel, run off areas do not work and a big congrats!
You do such an awesome job with your videos. Thank you for taking the time to make this one on your honeymoon! Congrats! Wishing many years of happiness!
Congratulations!
Congrats on the wedding.
Max maybe should have just let it go as the merc of Lewis was really fast. If he had done that and settled with second, he would have had the opportunity to pit and take another set of tires and get the fastest lap towards the end where he would have had the extra point lead coming to the last race. This is of course assuming he focused on racing on track and did not get his penalties.
Wow! What an exciting race. I love how driver61 explain what happened in the race.
congrats on your marriage ❤❤
hamilton admitted he didnt want to go past just before the drs zone.....he just loves being a victim
LH is also at fault for not respecting the 10 car length on the 1st restart, therefore gaining an advantage bcs MV's tires cooled down on the grid.
Congrats on your wedding, Driver61!
congrats man on your wedding 👍🏼
I don't like what's happening with all the intentional pushing other drivers off the track. In the old days, we have those that wouldn't give an inch, but would never brake their cars so damn late and drift off course. Nigel Manson comes to mind. His style has always been grabbing the bull by the horn, but you never ever seen him went off track. They have to do something about this. One should never brake so late to take advantage of the runoffs/off track to gain an advantage because to me, once you are off track, you are for all practical reasons, out of the race.
Reality is LH did not want to pass MV just before the DRS probe and MV had to brake for him to pass. It was a 2.3g brake, not a 5g brake as when you brake test. LH is at fault for not taking his position back when MV was letting him pass.
The penalty given to max is a joke. Give him a penalty that will teach him a lesson not reinforce the mentality that he is untouchable
Verstappen will take Hamilton out in the last race, and win by default by having more wins overall...I guarantee it!
Congrats on getting married!
Max is best!
HEYYY BROOOO CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR WEDDING MATE!!😀😀😀 KIND REGARDS BEN FROM CHCH NZ
Congrats on your marriage!!! I think like you, this is not hlw you let a driver by
First time seeing one of your videos haha  Congratulations on the marriage!!!
Congrats on your wedding mate, while you doing very delicious activity with your wife. Im here with the bois are going to start a riot
Congrats on the marriage bro! Love the channel.
I have that video
Congrats on the marriage! I unsubbed and then resubbed so your new wife doesn't leave you.
In the transmission of Sky F1 they show a overhead view, where we can clearly see that Verstapen slowdown to let Hamilton pass and their was a lot of space to do that and he break more because Hamilton didn't pass. When he was hit in the back Hamilton Should have been penalized for causing a colision
Back in my good books. Re-subbed.  Congrats on marriage 🤘
Verstappen has fallen off he just drives dirty now
Lewis is as boring as Prost and Max as bold as Senna.
Some facts missing.  1) 2.4g is not a lot of braking force for an F1 car. Less than half the potential of what the car can do. In fact, the cars generate over 1 g of decel just from letting off the gas at 300 kph. Also, at what exact point in the braking process did the 2.4g occur? Slowing from 304 to 108 kph would suggest significant braking over a length of time/distance, not just a single spike in braking the moment LH hit Max. The 69 bar of brake pressure is much more important, but the FIA did not say or show when in the braking process that level of brake occurred either.  2) Lewis was accelerating at the point of contact.  3) LH had 6-7 seconds to decide to go around Max, that's a long long time for a racing driver. Max slowed, there was room, it was Lewis' decision to stay behind. He refused to go passed so he should have lost the right to go passed. There is no rule that says the leading driver allowing the following to go through has to be done at a certain point on the track 4) When Max let LH through the first time, Lewis cut back to the right side of the track and went wide and left the inside completely open. Lewis should have defended the inside, he made a mistake. It was completely fair that Max repassed him right away.
congradulations
I've been waiting on this video since I watched the incident. Thank you!! CONGRATULATIONS!!!!!!!
Oi. Aside from a very intense race. Congratulations on your wedding
Don't overthink it so much guys.. Lewis wasn't communicated by his team at that moment that Max is giving his position back. He simply couldn't understand why is shifting down and slowing at that point while his fingers where trying to shift up and right foot twitching to accelerate there He was probably looking for yellow flags or something at that point as commentators suggested. He just couldn't comprehend whats going on and passing him didn't come to his mind coz the only way he used to passing by now is pushing that DRS button down the straights and kicking the crap out of those engines consuming them so much they need to be changed every 2 races! That's all Mercs could do to beat RBR atm.. its simple as that... He was just confused and when Max did brake out of frustration as the DRS detection zone was approaching fast Lewis was right behind him at that point instead of just going around 4 ,5,6,7,8 seconds ago (the amount of time he got to understand what the F is going on) And then couldn't dodge clipping his wing and going on the typical whine fest and rant !"Ohh he brake tested me"! Bla bla bla making a fool out of himself. And all the above Sky Sports casters covering up from of what he might be thinking at that time etc. etc. It was a miracle Max didn't get a puncture there.
I don't know you, but congrats! That's a big step in life.
definitely punching matey.
I think it's too suspicious that that last push from Hamilton to Verstappen on the last corner of lap 43 (right after Max lets Lewis by), was not even investigated nor punished. I think there's a clear message from the FIA saying that Hamilton will win the 8th, and even though I'm neither a Max or Lewis fan, I think that yesterday was all about treating Verstappen like a criminal and play dumb whenever Mercedes or Hamilton does something odd or even wrong. This would be probably the last race that I have seen, I'm too tired of this political and corrupt nonesense. The lack of consistency from Monza, Silverstone, Brazil, and so on... (and I'm not even mentioning previous seasons) is so confusing... It seems like a joke sometimes.
Back in day driver knew himself to give back position immediately after he fucked up, now he just waits for FIA's offer.
When the Hamilton started out I had respect for him but I haven't had respect for him in the Last 5 Years for his on-and-off the track exploits
Verstappen is not deserving of title world champion has no respect for the sport he is just reliving his old man's life
Max is hungry and Lewis is a diva/BS artist/ celebrity bigger than the sport in his mind only.   Go Max!    Hey Lewis,  your fashion sense sucks!   Oh yea,   retire,  good riddance!
I really appreciate how the comments section under this video is generally civil and unbiased, compared to the mud slinging on just about every other platform covering this race. The toxicity, favoritism, gatekeeping really takes away from me being able to enjoy the sport as a new fan.
Max passing Ocon and Hamilton after that restart was a masterpiece..  Bottas should have been told to drive faster but held Max purposely back...  Bottas should have received a penalty for that as this is not allowed.  Max was to give back his place in the race to but Lewis was the one driving into the back of Max? This was partly to blame the FIA itself due to a very bad communication to the teams Lewis should have given a 5 place grid penalty for ignoring the yellow flags as they did to Max in Abu Dabi Max was given a 5-second penalty for an incident they already agreed on.   The FIA turned it into a circus this weekend..
The second start shold have been repeted
The thing about Max driving is that he'd rather crash than to yield the position to Hamilton who is clearly faster. I understand that he is fighting for the championship but that is not racing. He will always brake later than Hamilton not caring if He will make the corner or not.
Pushing other cars off track is great defensive driving? i tend to disagree on this mate. Keep it on the track.
Lulu got spoonfed.
Michel Masi sholden't  be in F1 the decisions are randon and accordig to Mercedes intrests
Congrats, man!
In minute 5:27 Hamilton hit Ocon and was not penalized for causing a colision and pushing Ocon of the track Why if it was Verstapen it was imidiatly penalised
First off, Good luck and congratulations on your marridge. I'm glad for the lap 37, T1 incident you mentioned Lewis couldve made the corner .... something Sky and Max's fans seem to be glossing over. Yes they both technically went wide, but Lewis had to avoid an angry bull charging up his inside. I have no problem with what Max done here .... IF he made the corner. he didnt so in my mind he's changed the perameters of the track to maintain his lead. This isnt proper racing, its cheating. which again I dont have a huge problem with, he's giving it his all, but its not a one off anymore. I feel like communication from Masi this weekend was all over the place, and a rather ugly attempt at letting lewis through caused more of the drama. Deep down we all know Lewis wouldve won that race given his tyre advantage so really it means nothing. I'm a fan of both drivers and can not believe we are seeing this battle live, but recently, Max has started to .... lose it a bit. We all know hes an unreal talent, but how he goes about some things are making it hard to defend him and enjoy watching him. He wants proper racing and I'm unsure he knows what this means. I dont blame Max or Lewis for the contact, it shouldnt be left up to the teams, both teams should be told, let whoever through at T whatever., and nothing should happen until this has been agreed by both parties. All this 'do you want to start p3' or trying to avoid timed penailties by talking to teams is just stupid imo. No one wants to see a time pen decide a championship, but if you are driving like a lunitic then can you reallllly argue the fact. I feel like Masi is trying to be to nice with the penalties and its causing a bit of a mess.
Max will lose because of the idiots in the FIA who are clearly pro Mercedes. Lewis pushed Ocon it was the same move as in Austin where Alonso was pushed and Yuki got penalized, zero penalty. Lewis hit Max at the rear still no penalty.
congratulations on your wedding!!
Bois we know what we gotta do, subscribe then subscribe. We gotta take on for the team.
What i learned this weekend is that FIA is a joke, really making it up as they go along. The commentators are basically sucking on Hamilton's nuts, always playing into his perspective and pitying him. Mercedes plays as dirty as they can, using Bottas to deny Max a pitstop during the safety car without penalty. Lewis staying 100 car lengths behind Max during a formation lap when the rules clearly state it has to be a maximum of 10... The game's just rigged, Mercedes don't get penalties when breaking the rules. They just love #blessed Lewis too much.  But even after all that, I wont deny the fact that Max's drive was unsportsmanlike in turn 1 multiple times, but whatever, he gave the position back and still got a penalty which makes no sense. The fact that Lewis didn't EVENT TRY to overtake Max when he was driving slowly made it look like he actually wanted to get this kind of reaction from max, it made absolutely no sense for Lewis to just park his car an inch behind max, although the break check didn't make much sense either...
Belated congratulations on your marriage
Max is a cxxt in terms of racing and he will run LH off the track if he feels the need
Dirty filthy dangerous driving it was a gearbox  check he went down 3gears there was no braking
Shitty track
Thank you! Someone who actually understands racing analysing the race properly! ( i have seen some people's opinions, and they just do not understand racing!)
Congrats!!!!!
One sub for marriage ,
I think the track promoted ugly parts of what could've been a really great race. Like you mentioned, a gravel trap would discourage drivers forcing each other off the track and create cleaner racing. With just paved runoff, the drivers tend to force each other off the track, attempt to complete overtakes off-track when they get forced off, and, with the narrow nature of a street circuit, they sometimes re-enter the track unsafely, creating an arguably unfair advantage or a dangerous situation.
Congratulations on the wedding!
they stole his race…to verstappen..
Verstappen is an average driver who had the privilege of cash which gave him the ability to drive cause he has so much experience but he lacks skill. And his experience only comes in when he is not under pressure and not in a wheel to wheel battle.
First of all Im a 90's Schumi and Mikka fan ......I dont understand why these people complaining about Verstappen?  JEEEZ for Christ sake this have been an entertaining season for F1 after all those boring years, I thought f1 is dead already, people around the world started to watch f1 because of this season with all the dramas and excitement and competition, its a + A for me!  So here are my thoughts in short!  If you are not a Bshit BIAS fan and look on the both sides you agree with me!  I know Verstappen is not perfect he is so aggressive that can cause accidents! But wtf guys?  This is racing, who the f*ck is gonna enjoy a racing that the opposing driver just move in the side because you respect him and just say "Hello and Goodbye!"  its because you have to drive clean and be a good guy!  YOu have to understand that it is very hard to win against the mighty Mercedes and Lewis Hamilton.... DO you really think you cant beat Hamilton with just driving passive?   So where the heck is Leclerc, Norris and Russell when we wanted entertainment?  you guys always push that they are better Drivers than Max? right? Yeah I know! Because you wanted a clear overtake for Hamilton and he can win easily and we grey guys pretend that it was a nice Race excitement race by Hamilton! That's what you wanted right? You want all plays come from Hamilton.
NONE of this mess would be there were it not for Max Verstappen unsportsmanlike conduct. The line between winning and sportsmanship is a fine one, but while Lewis sees it clearly Max only pisses on it. The man is a talented driver but a disgrace to racing. He will now crash Hamilton out and happily as long as it gets him a championship. Then he will lecture us all on how stupid we are for not understanding it isn't how you win but that you win. Sorry Max but no, it really does matter how you win. Watch Lewis. Learn.
Congrats on’ bean.
Congratulations!
I'm disappointed with Max, he should have taken home the win.
I think it's anybody's guess.  We all know VER drives dirty, and he's shown especially in Jeddah he's willing to do "anything" right or wrong to win, and not feel he's done anything wrong.  There's no telling.  A Narcissist doesn't have moral values, and will not hesitate to foul, because they feel entitled, you'll loose because you're not willing to fight down to their level.  I think  MB may not have the faster car in Abu Dhabi. I do think Honda has out done MB engine this year in reliability and drivability.  RBR chassis is I believe the better of two as well.   Driver, well I think they are both quick, really very little between them, if any.  What comes down is character, who's willing to go how far to win.  Remembering the past fights, between Ferrari/MB/McLaren, non have gone the way Team RBR has taken it.  Horner hasn't stop whining since their last title win, and probably won't stop.  Ferrari, a legendary company took their losses honorably, always classy.  I the MB is also that way.  RBR drew first blood, and has since been on a tear on and off track with misinformation and chaos, unbecoming to say the least, reducing F1 championship to an knock down drag out ally fight.  Fans needs to send a message to RBR and VER to stop destroying the sport.  It's ok to support RBR or MB, VER or HAM, but it shouldn't take us away from recognizing when something is done wrong, like VER's driving conduct, something that I think will always follow him.  VER isn't larger than F1, neither is RBR, they are just players, and they are not above the rules.  Let's demand a fair and clean fight to determine who has the best "man and machine" combo.  FIA I'm talking about to you.
The fact that max is mediums weren't gonna last is not talked about enough honestly all those incidents kinda saved him
Congratulations
Congratulations to you both Scott! Thank you for your time
Congrats on getting married!
Congrats with your marriage🌸
Let's take a moment to appreciate this man who paused his honeymoon to make F1 content, cheers mate, I wish you a happy honeymoon and married life
Why was no action taken against Bottas for delaying his following of Lewis for tires, giving Mercedes an unlawful benefit and why was no action taken against Lewis for being like 3 times the number of allowable carl lengths (10) behind to cool Max' tires excessively leading him to lose the restart? Why is there no consideration on the overtake when Lewis clearly slows down to avoid overtaking Max? I believe the driver being overtaken is free to chose his exact moment. Is there a rule that if the overtaking is offered but not taken, the obligation to let the car overtake is deleted?
Congratulations on your wedding! And it's a great neutral video of what happened, not favoring one or the other. One thing is sure: Race Control made a mess out of it
Congrats on the wedding man.
Yes he will yield wheel to wheel at some point but this man is trying to beat a legend in the making
Congrats!
All of Max's questionable decisions aside, it's astonishing that Lewis walked away from this with zero meaningful penalty for all his cheeky moves.
I'm thinking something that nobody said yet (i guess): By cutting the corner in the first restart, Vertsppen not only gained an advantage but he also made an unsafe return to the track by going directly into the racing line. Lewis lost his position to Ocon trying to avoid a colition.
Well everybody said it already, congratulations on the wedding. I love the way you explain it as a racing driver versus other channels that add more of a color commentary and lots of speculation.  I read some of the comments about talent and driving styles along with the FIA making it up as it goes; all is fair in pretty much accurate in my mind. I’ve said it before Max will be champion soon, I’m just not sure he deserves it yet, he is extremely talented, but as talented as he is he’s equally on the edge of just being dirty all the time.  I think everybody wants this last race to just be about the racing and may the best driver and car win without having any chance for controversy. 🤞
Congratulations on your marriage! i just subscribed so you don't get the divorce papers!
Congratulations on your wedd6🎉🎉🎉
Verstappen is putting his and Lewis's lives at risk. He has been very aggressive all season long! I bet he will try causing a crash in the last race because if they both get zero points Verstappen wins the championship. Lewis must do his best to avoid being close to him.
I have no sympathy to both of them. and this fight is boring despite all heat.
They both could've done better but Max has always been overly aggressive, at some point there needs to be a limit to unsafe driving.
'Max braked at 2.4G, that's quite a lot' Yup like 2x to 3x what a road car can manage...
Max Verstappen IS a young Lewis Hamilton. Even if he gets annoyed, it would be nice if Hamilton could admit he knows what it's like to be young and chasing your first title.
Congratulations on your marrage Scott!
Congratulations and good luck 🤞
3:22 I don't get it. They are EXACTLY side by side. How is there noi action against Hamilton for driving him of the road like he then did later on?!
No he didn't
Could you make a video on the types of flags are used in a race? Yellow, red, blue etc. and how they can be used strategically by the teams to get an advantage.   PS. Congrats on the trending video!
Happy honeymoon Scott!!!
Didn’t need to watch the video but can tell you yes he did. The evidence is there.
For Max, being this close to the title where you can basically smell it is a new experience and you can see that pressure getting to him through an even more aggressive drive than usual.
Congratulations on getting married
NO, he braked too hard but that was not a Brake check.  get on with it
He did not. Plain and simple. Ham smashed into the barriers is the only sensible outcome at the last race
Congrats Scott👍👍
No amount of bad driving or rule breaking by Max will ever get called out by this channel.   Clown show.
A bad call by team RB to use med compound tyres. If they put on hards Max could have won. I think they thought there would be another safety car and opportunity to put on a new set. Really spectacular race. Whoever lifts the winners trophy this year absolutely deserves it. Best season in years. I'm a Max fan but I accept if Lewis takes the title.
So Hamilton taking max outside the white lines is allowed because he was frustrated. Ok then good reporting.
The kid Shitshtappen deserve more than 5s penalty Hope next time big accedent end his carrier in f1
Did he hell,Lewis was rite behind him when he should of go either side,Lewis hit him when he was trying to let him past for god sake,he was told to let him by and he did,not his fault he was hit as he had space either side simple,now move on with it and let’s enjoy the last race ffs
The data shows a 2.4G brake application in a corner usually taken flat out  🤔🤔🤔🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
I rarely comment but this definitely deserves one. Congrats on getting married 👏  You make great content mate!
This race could be debated forever by fans of each driver, but one simple question. Did you enjoy it, because at the end of the day that’s what really matters.
Congratulations on your wedding!
Not confusing, F1 is fixed...  At the en of the race Hamilton struck The Lead car who had slowed down to let him pass;  does matter why the lead car slowed down but I do know Hamilton had no reason gimself to slow down, but he did instead of passing the car and take postion 1 as he was driving so hard to do.   Hamilton caused the accident by hitting the lead car,  in society, you hit the rear of a car your guilty.  F1 stewards and the English Press are full of shite.   F1 Sucks ...  Bias and cheating by stewards is apparent,  1st Saudi race track is folly, what a cheap effort too.  Restarts, red flags, cautions, penalties.
max is going to end up killing someone
As an fer fan and completely nutural party i think you hang way to much towards hamilton, he could easily pass ver but just drive in to him. He to slowed down and there was a lot of space he just didnt like the position. Even when he didnt know what was going on could he have passed.
Dude, you are the so biased and pro Hamilton in every single video, it hurts to watch.
“Brake Test time”  -Verstappening 2021
Subbed
Congrats!
Well you have a very fierce, openly agressive Verstappen against the much more sneaky (but also very agressive) mistake-provoking Hamilton. The openly agressive one always gets punished first and most. Just like in school. And when can this behaviour be beneficial? When you have an inattentive teacher who is not on top of things. And that is what is most annoying. Laughing celebrating Mercedes team, that is mostly happy because they are the favoured ones. I love this fight, but it has a shit-referee.
He uses his marriage for begging subs...
Happy married life ❤️
Congratulations on the nuptials!
Congratulations on getting married
Congratulations ...
It just seems that Red Bull cannot get a legit, clean win.
Mate max didnt brake he let of the gas and he was downshifting an f1 car when you let of the brake its like hitting a wall
So much happened in this race, but in my opinion Max should of been black flagged for the break check incident. It was a totally blatant dangerous move and should not be tolerated as they are supposed to be the best drivers in the world. Max’s behaviour was no different than a road rage incident on the M25.
Those fia calls were pathetic. Everytime Lewis nakes a mistake he's given a mulligan, and max is given a penalty. I've been watching racing a long time and this is the worst officiating i have ever seen
Max needs to have more faith in the car he drives . Red bull have the ability to overtake the Mercedes . Always Using the same strategy of pushing other drivers off the track shows that you lack faith in the car and yet the Red bull has proven to be a championship car . Max needs to have faith in his car .
I was watching your videos but only subscribed as your lovely looking wife expects me to. Congrates with the mariage, cheers.
verstappen is a selfish, dangerous, thug of a race-car driver who"s clearly cracking under the pressure and has zero class or integrity.  He belongs back in F3 until he can mature into a gentleman driver who wins without putting everyone else in danger.  Hamilton is 10x the racer Verstappen is.
This comment for the DISLIKE!
Congrats on the wedding, I don't want u having a short one, so I subbed
congrats on the wedding, great work here, and really, MV was at 2.4 Gs on his braking?, um, that's break check territory, especially outside typical braking zones.  I love the battle but MV is going too far, super dangerous, and obviously C Horner, egging him on.
Congratulations my friend!
Enjoy your Honeymoon 💯
What a season!
I wouldn't be surprised if max wrecks himself and Lewis out. If neither of them finish, he wins by default for winning more races.
Max's defence on at turn 1 on lap 37/38 was very similar to Brazil. He simply had no intention of making the corner so long as Lewis didn't get past. Red Bull complaining that Lewis pushed him wide at the restart is a joke, as if Max hasn't done that multiple times already this year and they just say he's "a hard racer". Red Bull. It gives you whinge.
Please everybody let's not pretend that Mercedes is just a normal car not powered by SpaceX and that the Red Bull is anything more than a pedal car.
congrats on the marriage !
AS a max fan this hurts to say but it feels like he is regressing to his younger days and is letting the tittle slip away
Congrats Scott on your marriage and enjoy your honeymoon as much as we do your content :)
i hope next year is like this too with maclaren or Ferrari in the mix
Knowing how Verstappen drives, I'd think he was frustrated Lewis wasn't passing so he braked harder. Verstappen's aggressive, but I don't see him "brake-checking" Lewis. As a driver it's illogical, because they obviously can access your telemetry (like they did).
69 lbs of brake force has now been proven , so yes max hit the brakes !
Did he breaktest louis? bruh, you are so lous biased. As a hamilton fan I admid that hamilton steered too late, and hit Max. I think Louis should be given the +10, Max did what he could after he recognized his ''wrong overtake''
Max is whining about rules deciding outcomes of races. Yes, child, it's Formula 1, not Mario Kart. You can't just jump over turns, betting on the FIA coddling you forever. If they're deciding outcomes, it's because you won't stop breaking them!  Afterward he even said "they didn't penalize me in Brazil, so why now?", not just admitting to his intents here, but back then, too. He's not good, he's just reckless enough that a good car can carry him while other drivers steer clear, knowing is DNF counts across his short history in F1.
When Max let off, why didn't Lewis overtake?  So we are to believe, Lewis saw Max slowing, didn't know why, and therefore refused to take the opportunity to over take?  Was he slowing down in case Max had car trouble?  The Lewis fanboy is getting stronger here.
Well put and fair commentary. I noted that some commented on not being within the 10 car length behind the safety car, yet they should know that it is only a regulation at the start of the race, not under a yellow condition. Max was clever in trying to get Hamilton in front of him before the DRS line which is fine in my book. Hamilton although didn't know that Max had to let him pass deliberately would not pass as he wanted the DRS. Max braking was not a good choice but I believe his thoughts were that if they collided then his car had a better chance of carrying on with little damage giving him an advantage. If both had wrecked then he would have retained the lead in the championship.  Great driving by him to get the lead from 3rd on that restart. While an exciting race until Hamilton finally took the lead, I feel that the track needs some changes before keeping its F1 status
Could not stop staring at that bogey in the left nostril.
What bothers me very much is why don’t you give a better answer to the way Lewis was driving Verstappen of track. In this situation Lewis deserves a penalty of 5 seconds in my opinion. Most British commentators always have critics on Max his driving style and never on Lewis driving style. Lewis did a very nasty action on Silverstone, but it seems like you are afraid to criticize real honest.. be realistic about this season with everything that has happened, and if Lewis wins next week the championship, it has been given it partly by the choices the stewards and the FIA has made… you can make a movie about the times Lewis has had no penalty or a bigger penalty then he was given. Just look at the three mistakes he and Mercedes made during practice last weekend, every driver would get at least a grid penalty of 3 places, and what gets Lewis… indeed nothing. If your honest you can’t be proud of winning a championship in this way…  But we will see if real justice is given to the driver who really deserves to win this championship…
I remember using a late brake maneuver on a guy chasing me in his R34 GTR, it was in the night and I could hear him spinning out behind me, I was driving a Honda integra at the time with the b16A vtech.. I was worried and turned around, thankfully he was ok but I learned that this was a dangerous move if someone is coming hard behind you…needless to say I’am more matured and now drive an uncivilized f80 M3 which is pretty unforgiving… DO NOT RACE ON THE STREETS
The fact Perez DNF'd at Saudi Arabia is the only thing which might discourage Max from deliberately crashing into Lewis at the final race of the season. RB can't score enough points with a single car to beat Merc in the constructor's championship and that's the one which really matters in terms of money.
Yo congrats on getting married ❤❤❤
I remember Lewis gaining from half-heartedly giving a position back, I think it was against Kimi years ago. Controversial at the time, with Lewis claiming his usual innocence.
Congratulation!
Congratulations !!!
He had a booger in his nose the entire time 🤣 lolol
What about the first red flag restart where Hamilton was not following Verstappen within 10 car lengths and as such, was able to better heat his tyres and which probably contributed to the much better launch? The FIA apparently deemed it not a "formation lap" so that 10 car length restriction didn't apply? Is that true or what's going on there?
I think there is a clear difference between being super competitive and simply a bad sport. Verstappen acts like one of those kids that take their bat and ball and go home if they can't win.
If I was me racing with Max and his bullshit I'd just be his ass.
MARK MY WORDS. REMEMBER I SAID IT HERE. Max is on a mission the take the life of Hamilton right in front of the world to see.
Congratulations
well explained!
Can't wait for next week...
from the last couple of races. its clear that verstappen isn't as cool headed as hamilton under pressure . And that could be the key to winning the championship.
great stuff
I mean yea, it was a mess but all decisions and penalties by "judges" were made the way to make last race something special.  Everyone is talking about F1 more than ever.
Max should have been disqualified for his recklessness, Hamilton's collision on his rear end could have ended with a much more serious accident.
Congratulations on your marriage, I’am already subscribed and by the way please remember to put that prenuptial in place..it is the same advice I gave to my sons…🤣🤣🤣🙏🏼🙏🏼
Did Verstappen BRAKE CHECK Hamilton? 100% YES  Verstappen needs to chill with the Fuck up driving.
Congrats!
congrats dude! And still working...
Lol I remember vettel driving bumper cars with the same intent to own the road .. Schumacher before him … Max however will I think mature far quicker. There isn’t a team who wouldn’t want him right now 😁 because like Lewis he can stretch something out of his drive that other drivers can’t. I love the new track … and that was an real enjoyable rollercoaster for the audience … laugh .. maybe the last race will be a pantomime .. already I could hear boo’s from both camps. Happy Christmas everyone .. Abd awesome channel .. time to subscribe 🥳
I dont buy the pushing people off track as a valid defense sorry. Taking random race lines and not leaving a single milimiter has to stop.
It was not a brake test. As lewis was also gearing back and did not want to pass and the corner was nearing. Now tell me, what is the rule if you let someone pass and that person decides not to do that? What kind of behaviour is that then?
Max slows down to let Lewis pass , but Lewis slows down too because he doesn’t want to overtake before drs range , but max slows down harder to get within drs . So It was Lewis’s fault that made max to brake harder . So both were at fault and should’ve been DSQ from the race
Congratulations on the marriage, i hope you both lots of health and love. Love your content and we'll all support you for thr years to come!
Congratulations bro. May you have a prosperous marriage and enjoy ur honeymoon, wherever you are... 😇
Congrats on the marriage. Attempting to use that to garner subs was gross and craven. Don't do that sort of thing to your spouse again if you want a successful marriage.
7:50 I hope you mean that Hamilton also should have received more than 10 seconds at Silverstone? Hypocrite
Verstappen pushes the envelope. But it's hard to not be sympathetic toward him, to a degree, when the FIA clearly favors Hamilton in every important penalty and rules decision. They could both do better, IMHO.
1st of all congratulations on ur marriage, tell ur wife she'z married 2 U not the subs😄😄😄 enjoy ur life & just b transparent & most importantly b honest 2 each other!  Now back 2 33 & 44 33 was bang out of control how many times did 33 lose control of his car & leave the track, I'll put that down 2 lack of experience on 33 part! Manpower is not as great a driver as his b ing made out 2 b! When will the FIA stand up 2 the skulldruggery fuckary of 33z crazy antics? 'Driver of the day' REALLY well that sayz alot 4 fairness, those fanz r blind cause that was not a display of skillfull driving more like Mad Max Enterz the Jeddahdrome. F1 Fan since 77 A Student of life. I'm just passing through!  Peace 1 love 2 All.
Congratulations on the wedding mate
verstappen is going to crash into Hamilton  in the last race.
Gravel the run outs and stop the BS,  Simple
Biased opinion? V did achieve best driver! I think you are forgetting it is a race after all.
🎉 🎈 🎊 CONGRATS‼️ Oh yea, great work.  Particularly enjoy the techy bits.  Mask up on those travels…
Too much hand emoting is distracting, otherwise always enjoy your content!
Congrats on the nuptials, Scott!
Red bull cries when it's not in their favor when they make cheeky moves but when RB makes the SAME move, it's okay and play victim.
First and last comment, Chris: Congratulations! And, of course, many thanks for all your and the teams great work.
Nice analysis. Congratulations on your marriage!
Congrats, both of you
I used to quite like max but  over the past few weeks seeing how he is driving this is more like stockcar racing Formula One I am not saying that Hamilton is an angel  but he races in a fur manner in my opinion Max perhaps didnt hit the brakes but he certainly left off the throttle so quickly which cause Hamilton to hit the rear of his car and then accelerated away very quickly to make sure he stayed in front, personally I think he should have a second place in the race removed what he did or appear to have dun  was extremely dangerous it could’ve caused fatality and that is my opinion and I will stick to it. Max is not playing nicely enough is  fighting dirty😡😡😡😡😡
They need to show us the telemtry
I have the feeling that Max got penalised multiple times for the same offense. And Masi negotiating about penalties was weird to see too. I also don't get it why Bottas didn't get a penalty for driving slow.  I really hope rules will be clearer next week, Damon Hill asked about that too. Hill knows how it is to be crashed out of a race and losing the world championship by 1 point
So reading trough comments watching the F1 race feed, sky F1, watching YT videos, etc... the general opinion is The 7 times world champion was confused and didn’t know what to do! WTF are you people smoking? Max’s telemetry shows 2.4g in the same way Lewis’s shows a lack of g forces for lack of braking... they should both have been penalised for chasing the DRS line! And yes Lewis was always likely to win because of tyre choice... But most important the FIA team needs to be evaluated and maybe replaced....
Ham must have completed the overtake, Ham braked instead. Ham fault. period
You only need 9,999 more, good luck😁, great channel, I'm in!
Happy married life.
From the front shot it looks like a brake check but when they showed and arial replay it looks very much like max slowed down and lewis did not.
Congrats on your marriage and a new sub.
First Masi is a clown no matter who you support and he needs to be replaced.  Second race director communications should be a broadcast to all the teams at once.
Enjoy the honeymoon!!! Congrats on your marriage🍀
i hope both RB and Merc will crash in last race hahahaha
Whats the rules regarding running 2 tyre compounds in a race with red flags? Max hadnt completed 1 full lap on the hards before the 2nd red flag.
congratulations for your marriage!
Ok the FIA have finalized their investigation and telemetry shows that Max braked at a force of 2.4g Masi asking RB before the stewards look at it. Horner saying if it's not the FIA it's the fans mmmm makes me think something sus
Congratulations!  I would guess that Max braked hard to cross the DRS detection point in second.  It appeared that Lewis was still deciding which side to pass Max on, when Max hit the brakes.  What confused Lewis was that Max had drifted to the right, virtually eliminating Lewis's option to pass on the right side.  Let's hope the championship is decided by superior driving, not by mistakes!
8:30 How can Hamilton drive Max off the track after you say Max was letting Hamilton overtake him in the same place?! It doesn't make sense. Either Max contested the overtake or he went outside on his own. Maybe he meant to let Hamilton pass and then changed his mind. Who knows with this crazy madman. FIA should black flag him already. But after Brazil they showed their hand too much and they cannot take it back.
When you say a driver is willing to do all that he can to win it's the same thing as saying the driver will cheat as cheating is part of doing everything to win. Max was careless because he knows if he and Hamilton wreck Max will win.
You said Hamilton drove Max off the track on the final turn, can you say what lap in the race that happened?
A couple things. Max's engineer did tell Max that Hamilton took pole from him and he told him the time. Max knew he had to perform and that the pressure was on. He was told that when he was on his charge lap before his push lap, so it wasn't in the middle of when he was en route to set that lap. If you've got F1TV, go to qualifying, choose Max's onboard camera and go to 1:05:33.    Also, your line of "but it shows that Hamilton is willing to push other drivers wide, as well as Verstappen" seems to be a way of playing down how dirty Max has been all year. The difference being I wouldn't think the situation of Ham being willing to dish out the same behavior that the FIA has refused to punish and Max has refused to stop doing on the same moral ground as someone who does it out of sheer recklessness and desperation.
Congrats!
Verstappen is dirty. He ignores rules and endangers lives with his vile temper of a spoilt brat.
Congrats mate 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻
You never criticise the stewards or the FIA! Or do you? Time to show some guts!
If you have to go off the track to make a corner, that's cheating, its not rocket science.
8:08 "these two just don't stop"? Why do you say two? All I see is Max breaking the rules again and again. Pushing off track while going off himself, unsafe re-entry of track, not giving position back properly, BREAK CHECK (black flag this one), giving position and taking it back immediately.
The fans have been giving Max way too much benefit of the doubt to the point that it feels completely and intentionally blind just because they want to see a new champion. He has been dangerous the entire season this race was just the culmination of all that terrible driving. Max is talented on his own. He doesn't need to be dive bombing any time he falls behind and intentionally passing out the lines or forcing the Mercedes out. It's obvious at this point that Hamilton does not trust Max in the corners and it shows in how he backs down. He's frustrated and its totally fair and completely dangerous. The only time he didn't back down from one of Max's typical divebombs was in Silverstone and Max fans to this day shout "but Silverstone" like Republicans shouting "but Hillary". It's silly. You should be able to trust the people you are racing with in some reasonable degree of certainty when the opposite could literally kill people.   Max seemed to be cracking under the pressure of the last couple races yesterday and is becoming more and more erratic knowing that a DNF, even for both drivers, is a win for Max for the championship. The brake check was incredible dangerous and stupid but short of disqualifying him from the final race and deducting 10 points, it wouldn't have mattered no the matter the penalty if Hamilton was forced into a DNF. It's really unfortunate. I do not see the last race in Abu Dhabi ending cleanly.
No.
Congratulations. Love the content.
My first watch of your channel, great content!
The 1st thing Every racing does when coming up to a slower driving car is pass/ overtake. No racer gets behind the slower car and shift down several times. 3x Verstappen tried tot let Hamilton pass and still got the 5 second penalty. F1 card Brake up to 5g so his braking was not all that strong even enginebraking Comes close to the brakeforce used. No punishments for bottas stalling under safety car 1. No punishments for Hamilton when he kept more then 10 car length at installation lap 2 No punishments for Hamilton pushing Verstappen off.
Yes he did. And his lap 36 move was hideously bad and nearing absolute insanity
7:50 what kind of penalty? Black Flag DSQ? Cause it was 100% a break check. When you plan to let someone pass you, you go to the side, you don't break in their face. Max kept the middle of the track in a turn and jigged left and right in small amounts to scare the car behind. Just watch it again.
3:10  You shouldve mentioned what merc was doing prior to that restart, they were clearly and deliberately taking their sweet time to line up on the grid while verstappen was already there, resulting in the loss of temperature of his tires for a good start.  EDIT: And during that same restart it is bottas that lines up directly behind verstappen and locks up both front tires the moment verstappen slows down.  it looked very clear to me that bottas was trying to redo the thing he did in Hungary and bowl verstappen off the track in turn 1.  even tho it didnt succeed, that doesnt mean verstappen wasnt aware  of what was happening behind him and had to avoid that just as much as taking the turn where hes pushed wide.
If brake checking someone is egregious and deserves a major penalty, and we know that Max braked suddenly and hard with Hamilton behind him, how does he not deserve a major penalty? If that isn't brake checking, what is? Do we need the driver to admit it before we believe it?
the guy is on his honeymoon and he posted this on the 2nd day. I'm assuming the first day of the honeymoon was Raceday, which makes your wife even cooler. The pic with you 2 is really cute.  Thank you very much for your channel and insights, you are top shelf!
As a dutchie and Verstappen fan, iets difficult to get just facts without a dutch view or english view. Hou absolutly nailed it. Thanks hij for this great video!
i saw dat hammilton also brake 4g if verstappen slows down you no need instructions to pass calls out break test thats crap just pass and take drs because you already have best tires call out break test mean penalise verstappen............ what about restarting the race and leave a big gap i think FIA is only back up mecedes
Verstappen is breaking down under pressure for the championship and simply going wild and playing dirty!!
Congrats on getting married mate
From all corners & prospects, F1 is very British politically...enough is said.
Congratulations bro, all the best to you and your new wife. Love your videos.
Happy wife happy life,  best wishes and enjoy the married life🤵👰💒💒💒💒
Was the 5 second penalty given because they didn’t accept max giving the place and taking it back right away as a true switch?
Congratulations to the newly weds!
My guy won, but it was an oddly unsatisfying result.
He did not brake check. No matter what, lewis and mercedes must win so he will be better than schumacher on paper while in fact he is an average driver with super material and fia which always favore him
No brake checks ,both got out of control* very high speed close* chase from Hamilton* closing in too fast* too aggressive??
Max after the race “Everyone wants to be like Senna till it’s time to do some Senna shit”
Dude!  Congratulations!
You didn’t even answer the question you pose in the title of the video!  I love your videos generally but really wanted your expert opinion on what you thought of what happened during the race.  what was wrong and what was right. You just went through a description of what happened which we all know because we watch the race.  Maybe you’re worried about Max Verstappen fans unsubscribing ??
Max shows his stupidity on Saturday, crashing on qualification day. So da furher, feels he will do anything to win. He's todays Alain Prost  vs Senna. Looks like F1 is getting tired of the uppity boy winning 8 world championships. Sounds a lot like NASCAR bulls**t.
Congratulations :)
Congratulations!
Congrats bro
Congratulations.
Ahmm there's already a statement based on telemetry that Max brake tested Ham. Not watching this.
I seeing something here Jeddah 2021 verstappen brake checks Lewis Azerbaijan 2017 Hamilton brake checks vettel Jeddah 2021 Alonso says there is too much debris Azerbaijan 2017 Alonso says there is too much debris Jeddah 2021 bottas makes an overtake on the line Azerbaijan 2017 bottas makes an overtake on the line
What... CONGRATS UND JUST THE BEST FOR YOU AND YOUR WIFE!!! 👍🤗👍
Congrats
Looks like Hamilton try a little to put max off the race by losing his front wing
if it really was a "brake check" than Hamilton failed, so Mercedes needs to be punished because they "release the car in an unsafe condition"
First of all I'd like to say just how much the FIA misses Charlie Whiting...Verstappen won't yield. its like he sees it as a form of weakness whereas the experienced Hamilton realises that old  racing driver trope is true, in order to finish first, first you have to finish Christian Horner doesnt help the situation by saying things like "lewis pushed Max out onto the edge of the track", as if max's car isn't fitted with a brake pedal.  Frankly I'm surprised Max wasn't penalised more severely after the race once telemetry established just how hard he'd braked causing the 'coming together'. One last point, I think the Saudi street circuit is a tragedy waiting to happen,  a Billy Monger type event is looming large
In the incident on lap 37, Verstappen was damned if he did and damned if he didn't let Hamilton through at the time. If he did, then get DRS, using it to pass Hamilton almost immediately, based on the precedent set by Spa 2008 (a retrospective video on that incident would be interesting), Verstappen would have been penalised for not truly conceding the position anyway
Dude get off Hamilton’s nuts!!! Lewis will win. Lewis is so great. Someone isn’t a little biested
Always love your unbias analysis of races.
6:44 I got you, congrats!
Tough situation all around. Intent is tough to judge. I would like to think Max didn’t intentionally try to cause Lewis to hit him, but Max clearly braked hard at an inappropriate time. I’m not a fan of the kind of driving we saw yesterday, particularly from 33. Hoping for better moving forward.
Congratulations mate, enjoy your honeymoon.
Congrats on the marriage!!
Congratulations mate! I wish you a happy marriage.  The race was just a circus. Nothing more than that.
congratz!!!
Hey man, enjoying your analysis, but after watching plenty over the last year can't help but notice some serious bias towards some drivers and driving styles. There's alot more at play generally and feel like from certain angles it can paint drivers a certain way. You can't know what the reasons were or determine something was "unnecessary risk". If they pulled it off it would go down as a 'great move'. Please be more neutral, despite drivers reputations or previous actions and you'll have more fans here. Unless you've driven for a top F1 team you can't understand how much strategy, analysis and cat and mouse that could occur every lap.
During Q3, Verstappen was .2 sec faster than Hamilton and as is his aggressive nature, he outdrove his car to get pole position. While watching, even the announcers said that it seemed he was going much faster than he was. It appeared that he was driving much faster as you could see his car oversteering (being overdriven) in the corners which was evident when he hit the wall. I think also that Verstappen's desire to win at all costs means that if he caused Hamilton and himself to crash he may or may not be penalized but neither of them would gain points and that he would subsequently go into the final grand prix with a lead forcing Hamilton to have to win to at least tie for the championship. The Red Bull team obviously realized that the slight speed advantage Mercedes held might be more than they could overcome. Another obvious reason why Verstappen pushed so hard to gain pole position and just as obvious, I think Verstappen braked hard in an attempt to damage Hamilton's front wing which would cause a DNF or give himself a larger time advantage should Mercedes need to replace the wing. Yeah, he said he was giving him back the position, (so he drove down the center of the track and braked at 2.4g's just as Hamilton approached). What you can also observe was the discussion that the two VSC's would work to preserve Verstappen's Medium tire selection to the end of the race, which much like his overdriving his tires during qualifying, he wore them such that he couldn't competitively race for the victory, much less attempt to achieve and steal the Fastest Lap point from Hamilton. Verstappen tries to be clever and you can see it at times in his (smart ass) facial expressions. His antics are so very obvious which is why the stewards finally had to act and penalize him. Those antics are not good for Formula 1.
It wasn't a brake check... It was intentionally done by a dirty driver in Formula 1
Congratulations!
Congratulations on getting married, Scott! I’m already subbed, so cannot aid you in prolonging your marriage, but I hope everybody else who’s watching and is NOT subbed will do so! Love your vids, keep up the great work of being thorough, unbiased and professional as always, cheers :)
f1 wants hamilton to win, hang on max we are with you. You  deserve it! You would be champion already if mercedes hadn't played dirty  at Silverstone and Hungary
Congratulations! Subscribed as an appreciation to the contents and best wishes to the marriage.
More and more it feels like Max is being trained and coached by Kyle Busch!!
As far  as i'm concerned the Merc has been technically illegal and controlled from the pits for many years, anyone who has ever done any competition driving could see that it seems on many occasions to have at least 200 bhp more than its cohorts and i rest my case on the time that the world champion was ill and they put  young Russell in the seat and they had to fix the result because he was a winner that race until stopped, so is the car the star or is it that wee black lives matter supporter..Not taking anything away from his earlier obvious skill but hes had the  best and fastest yoke out there for many years. but hes not an elbows out driver in a similarly horsepowered car...
Congrats on getting married!
Yes VER brake tested after he dropped early 4 gears! So another one question. Did HAM "forgot" to pass?
I don't see anything confusing in lap 37. They were slowing down for 2-3 seconds before the 2.4G, which is far from agressive 4-5-6 braking. I'm disapointed with you bias towards your native guy.
Why do you put all these silly theories out there? Try to be unbiased. I know it is hard.
Did max brake check Hamilton !!!!! ??  69 lbs of brake pedal pressure which resulted in 10 sec pen and and 2 points on license !! So he DID !!
congratulations on the wedding!   And help the poor boy he needs some subs ahahahahahhaaha
Great analyse of the race incidents. I agree with some comments that without incidents the result would have been the same because of the tyre digress of the Medium tyres. I am still triggered by the break incident. If Lewis didn't know about the place reverse, why not taking the left side of the cirquit and pass him on speed. If he knew, then why possition the car right behind Max and closing in. Could it be that both knew exactly what was going on and both were busy with the DRS activation point and took the maximum risks. Max pushing the breaks to let Hamilton pass, and Hamilton right behind Max to prevent him from breaking unitll after the DRS activation. Anyway, the battle is so tense and exciting. Can't wait for next week....
Congrats on your wedding. All the best to you.
I have no problem with penalising max when he does something wrong, as long as you penalise Lewis for the same thing, like when he forced max off the road.  The other annoying thing is valtteri tends to do the dirty things, like wiping out a few cars, or driving ridiculously slowly for Lewis’s benefit. Is it gamesmanship of cheating?
So the first to push the other wide was Lewis, but no penalty or warning, Max was penalised on the other hand.  Mercedes and Lewis saying they that Lewis didn't know Max was letting him by, What bullshit. To me Max did nothing wrong. Lewis should not stay behind a slowing car like that. He just has the habit of having all of the advantages, and knows no better. That's not a racing driver. Senna must be turning in his grave having Lewis write Senna on his helmet. Quote by Ayrton Senna "if you know longer go for a gap, you are no longer a racing driver" I think Lewis is fake and should never pretend to be like Senna. He fake, and is a hypocrite.
Obviously yes
Great video as always, would love to see more on the FIA Bazar part of the race. Also, congrats on the wedding and enjoy your honeymoon!
Okay, latest time I tried to listen to your biased analyses. Pro Hamiliton all the way. You start by not mentioning that Hamiliton was to far behind, why his tires where warmer and could easily make a better start. He should have gotten an penalty for that 100%. And you seriously just failed to mention that Hamiliton could have easily overtaken max at any point, it was totally Hamilitons fault, and than you call it a breaking test, Hamiliton fault yet again, he does not get to decide when  redbull needs to give up the position.    I think you could work FIA as well. /sarc
I was very disappointed by Max’s decisions this weekend. Including walking off the podium
when the walls are that close.. why the fuck do track limits matter again? the track is basically set up in a "you fuck up, you die" arrangement..
Congratulations on getting married, or as we say in Portugal, my condolences to the groom. Another bachelor bites the dust... 😆
WELL IF YOU WANT SUBSCRIBERS DON'T SHOW SO MUCH  HAMILTON LOVE
I think it was BS that max gets a penalty for going off the track and gaining an advantage when he had the corner. He literally did the exact same thing that hamilton did to him just a few laps before, which max also got a penalty for? FIA makes zero sense in their penalties.
good vid
I have spoken with DC and he tells me that it was all Hamiltons fault for not moving out of the way like Bottas does when MV wants to go past, and he should know as he was a very successful driver, well on occasion, well nearly on occasion ?
I‘m really sorry as I always liked your analysis but without videosequences it‘s not working for me.
Saved your marriage 🤭❤️🤗
Wife demanding subs... Oooh kinky! :D
F1 fans, that race was an embarrassment Most non f1 motorracing fans, that was a fantastic thrilling race. The best racing formula 1 has seen in years and the so called fans do nothing but complain.  Thank you for taking a normal view on a thrilling race
2.4G braking isn’t much for an F1 (it’s about 35% after accounting for car drag). You should know that lifting off results in around 1G deceleration, hard braking results in around 5G deceleration.  Congrats on your wedding and love you videos!!
I don’t think so. I see how it may look that way. Check this out and watch the video. He slows and Hamilton puts his wheel left and right and then smacks into him. Of course max took off after he slammed into him. He just realized Hamilton wrecked and needed to get going. Why didn’t he go around max there was not a VSC, SC or red flag?
@driver61 So, do YOU think 69bar & 2.4g deceleration constitutes a brake check? What justification could be used for braking like that with a car a few meters behind? Sorry to actually ask a question 😊
Max is getting more and more desperate in his attempt to keep his lead and win the championship.   That's why now it's even more important for Valtteri to be a wingman. Hold him up in Quali, in the race, even have him crash Max out.. because Max will absolutely crash Hamilton out to win the championship...
Max was out of control , but that was a crazy race!
Well done mate thanks for ze video from ze France
max and lewis were both slowing down at the same pace. the 2.4g was the over the course of the straight where he was braking. lewis dug his nose deep into maxes arse. it was a complete showcase of gamesmanship for that drs. lewis applied throttle pressure when he collided with maxes red bull. in my opinion, both drivers shouldve been penalized. lewis couldve cleared max far enough where maxes drs wouldnt have done anything whereas the mercedes was clearly dominant in the straight. it wasnt a brake check whatsoever.
Altogether, Masi's shitshow.  Imo, Max has been making desperate moves half because he's in the tight championship, and half because Masi/FIA has let him get off light all season. This is the result; Max pushes past the limits of acceptability 4 times in a single race, and Hamilton runs him off track to prevent any more shenanigans. (off track overtake, pushing Ham wide, collision, and not really giving up the place) Although, Max is lucky that Masi's a wimp; 4 breaches of conduct, even if minor, would have been grounds for much much worse punishments than the 15s of penalties that were assessed strategically to not interfere with points.
Dumb title.  HOW Verstappen slowed his car is immaterial to Hamilton slowing directly behind for a 100 yards and simply choosing not to pass him!  Why is there all of this bleeding sympathy for Hamilton rear ending Max?
Congrats on your wedding!
Lewis didn't went for the gap and was therefor no longer racing. No further action imo.
Many congrats to you, your partner, and your families!
also english journalists also more baised.. stewards also biased.MAx fault is to fall in lewis his traps.    Lewis once also braketesting vettel he didnt get anything.
hope you did not miss key points of the race voluntary: for me: 1. Hamilton delaying the pack on the first relaunch of the race (all hards). Can it be done? I genuinly dont know, if so, should be amended in my opinion, same as any other standing start procedure. 2. Why Bottas delaying the pack for a double pit is not even analyzed by stewards? very weird 3.Break test.You are running in your max speed to catch the first car and all of a sudden he is slow? take it, you are a racing driver, dont know if he has engine problem or what ever. Why do you follow him for a couple of seconds behind if you are trying to be first?Hamilton has already confirmed he did not want to pass in that part of the truck.  For me Max deserves to give back the position for the 2 running wide after the straigth, nothing more.  I dont like that Merc/Ham are winning the story of being the ones being clean and wanting to win on the track, I wish but not even close pals: -Silverstone, complaining about red flags when you rebuilt half a car in the last case, making your teammate do cheeky stuff,...  Extremely poor championship and sportsmanship overall, I miss the times of Michael, Hakkinen, Alonso and Kimi. Close battles, many orders of magnitude cleaner.
Why does everyone ignore the slow down and down shifting that Max did before hitting the brakes? Like even watching live from Lewis on board, you could see Max was gradually slowing it wasn't a sudden brake check. But LH stans will never admit fault
Lol you're so biased towards verstappen. Everything you're saying is absolutely bullshit I'm sorry but you need to stop being a cheapstappen fanboy especially when you're making videos like these.
Congrats on your wedding... I appreciate you taking time to talk on this as a lot of us immediately wait for your take on it. Thanks, thanks for your lovely wife and again congrats.
Lewis is such a damn liar. It was all about the DRS line of course.
Congratulations!
congratulations to you both!
There's a reason fair minded people don't subscribe to your channel. You are 100% Bias towards Verstappen. Hopefully, your dumps you.
My NEW Wife says?? 🤔  How many Wives do you have?
Congratulations to you both :)
First Leclec crash had less than 5min left in the session. There was never going to be an FP restart. The red flag was not necessary in the race. Again, F1 too ages to call the safety car then took ages longer to red flag. None of all the BS after the second red flag was really needed from Masi or the stewards. Good ole Max was NEVER going to have the tyres left to hold off Lewis. Dont for one minute believe Red Bull and the BS of them saying Max was over 1 second off the last 5 -6 laps cause they "saw a possible puncture" due to the brake check collision MAX caused!
Put any two drivers in Mercedes cars and one of them will be champion. Put any two drivers in Red Bulls (except Max and Lewis),  and they'll probably fight for third. Max is an aggressive excellent driver that take risks and push it to the limit, which is the reason why this championship is so exciting.
hamilton also did 10 car lengt...
She’s a Gold Digger
What a mess it was. Max repeatedly asked to let Hamilton pass? What race control is this? And I don't think this was a brake check, but is was dangerous.
Поздравляю 👍
I'm sorry, I like your videos usually but I feel you didn't explained nor answered much here, just describe what everyone saw on track =/
All this started when Hamilton pushed Verstappen into the wall and got 25 points. The FIA should have disqualified Hamilton for that.
Congratulations on the marriage, can’t help you with the subscriptions though, I’m already subscribed
You can't run anyone off the track when there is a perfectly good piece of tarmac there. Max was cross country jumping it anyway and getting away with it. The penalties came later then expected and Max should have relinquished his penalty as soon as it happened. That alone is a penalty in itself. Talking about bad sportsmanship geezz how much do you have to see. Hamilton had to start fighting back as Max did not give a shit about destroying Hamilton's car or himself. Max should have been black flagged and out of the championship for this type of misconduct. He brake tested on purpose so Hamilton would run into him and possibly dislodge his front wing, because Max knew his tires were fading fast.. I don't understand how anyone can't see how evil this man is. Fuc MAX, He should not be driving anymore.. Gratz on the Wedding and GOOD LUCK!!.. Word of advice. Put some secret money away for "HARD TIMES".. And stay a fuc'n MAN!! Love your vids!! I'm just waiting for him to call Hamilton the names he REALLY want to say!! Bitch ass.. Can't stand cheaters..
We can not look at drivers or all the calamity created by a track designed for go carts rather than F1 cars to overtake, everything about the track appeared to add fear or doubt into actual racing. Over and above this add the madness and inconsistency FIA who yet again proved that too much power without governance in a recipe for disaster
Congratulation mate, have plenty of Babis the next future f1 babies.
Max should’ve been disqualified, you cannot slow and apply 69 bar of pressure on a fast section of track while in the middle of the track. It’s just plain dangerous and stupid, a 10 second penalty is very very lenient. Let’s say Lewis never noticed him slowing and kept going 180mph or whatever he was going and rammed straight into the back of the Red Bull, he for sure would have broken his legs, possibly worse. This kind of behaviour and driving has no place on a race track!!
Fine, I'll support your marriage with a sub. Good Luck to both of you!
CORRECT
Massi needs to quit .  He's  inconsistent .
I think so
happy marriage
They should just stop with these runout areas. Make it gravel or a wall, and it will significantly reduce any dodgy overtaking. There's no real risk involved with runout areas, so you can take a chance. And when you fight for the championship, you are willing to take bigger risks if it gives you an advantage.
Verstappen tried to pull a Schumi and ended like Schumi.  As in Herr Schumacher 1997 failed attempt at taking out Jacque Villeneuve in Montreal and at the finals (EU GP), resulting in loosing 2nd place for the championship.
Congrats on the wedding!! On this race, disappointed by Max…seems when he’s outmatched in speed or can’t keep Lewis in the rear, his only option is to cause a crash…seen it in previous races…Lewis has caught on to this and is defensively driving around Max…very unfortunate as clean racing would be better!
We have seen less wheel to wheel racing from Max and his rivals compared to Lewis and his rivals . Lewis had a good stake of such bad experiences with Massa, Pastor, Alonso etc; in which some were clean ones and others ended so badly but it helped Lewis learn when to be aggressive and when to yield to the other driver which has reduced his DNFs and increased his chances of winning championships
I can’t help admiring Hamilton for his basic decency and humility.  I perceive Verstrappen almost the opposite - win at all costs no matter what. Who ever wins the title, Hamilton is the hero.
Max needs to learn that being overtaken in one corner does not mean that you can not over take back the driver in other places . IN BRAZIL , the battle between Lewis and Perez can be a good learning curve for Max to understand when to Defend and when to YIELD .
The absolute state of FIA and F1 regs is a joke. Max got penalized 3 seperate times for the same incident then the whole rear ending thing is just as much hamiltons fault as it is max. The fact lewis keeps going with the story he wasnt told about getting the position back shows how full of shit he is if max had loss of power does he also brake and shift down back to third? No he wouldn't and the fact that they're tied on points relies solely on the fact that hamilton took him out in silverstone and bottas took him out in hungary. I'm not even a max fanboy but its just frustrating to see lewis get away with everything and having a shot at the championship while he should be 40 points down on max
We need gravel traps! Quick!
Hamelton must get of the clouds and get real. Riding into sobody from behind is wrong. He should have go down. He is very very lucky his front wheel did not damage. just a cry baby ashhole. H e is no mach for Max. He is lucky to have more power. He should be audited on his Back wing.
Congrats!
Thats what I thought 1:22 he lost all the time he gained this video shows both side by side. Hamilton would have gotten pole anyway due to the mistake.
Nice wallpaper👀, Mrs 61's choice I imagine 😁
Emotional blackmail🤣 Many blessings to you and your wife.
How come nobody talks about the little snafu Bottas had during the restart. Nearly took out Max again as he has done before this season. Ofcourse unintentional 🤥
more like a brain check to me
I don't agree that is frustrating from a fan perspective that Verstappen best move is to brake late to not allow Hamilton overtaking him as Mercedes is the most superior car of the grid as 90% of the Hamilton's have done by Mercedes' speed rather than battling, haven't they? The longest Hamilton's battle was against Alonso. Just review Brazil GP and count how many battles faced Hamilton??. So Verstappen is doing hard racing just because the RedBull could be fast in one lap classification but not consistently in a race, couldn't it? 🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ From fan perspective is frustrating how dominant is Mercedes 😩😩😩
Michael Massi frustrates me so much
it's definitely not a brake test, just listening to the gear changes with both Verstappen and Hammilton, BOTH changed gears down at that point and Hammilton could have easily passed on the left side but decided to crash into Max.  i say considering Hammilton's run-ins with other drivers in his career , he knew FULL well what was going on and decided to play dirty in the hopes of getting Max penalised yet again for things he himself would get away with.  just think back to Silverstone where Hammilton damn near killed Verstappen by driving him of the track and into the barriers at high speeds and getting a 10 second penalty. and compare that to Max ending on top of Lewis's car in Monze and getting a 3 place grid penalty the next race.  it is clear to everyone that the FIA ( also known as the mafFIA ) is favoring Lewis and Mercedes and is willing to play dirty games, just like how they did with Ferrari and Schumacher over a decade ago.  there's simply no other way to look at this.  granted my view is a bit tainted due to me very much disliking Hammilton for bringing identity politics into F1, which is pure cancer for any sport.
Hamilton knew immediately and exactly what was going on. He was trying to pass Max all the race and then suddenly he stayed behind him in his gear box. Max should have done a full stop. No mentioning of the slow following to the starting positions ? Hamilton should have given a penalty as well for clearly pushing Max of the track. Well they wanted a great finale. This is not going to happen. Max is going to torpedo Hamilton and that’s it.
*Mercedes Assistance  Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile*  (MaFIA) That's for sure
Why do people like you say we don't know of course we know he did it deliberately just like Schumacher did to hill cheats both of them and crashstappen will take lewis out at the next race.
i would bet it was an intentional brake test and verstappen got away with it. sadly.  1. he accelerated immediately after the contact, in the same moment, so he was expecting it to happen. if he did not expect a contact to happen, why should he be prepared to accelerate in the moment  2. getting DRS would not make any sense because he is not allowed to overtake hamilton back in the next corner. hamilton himself did this in spa 2008 and the rules were changed by then, the drivers have to wait at least one additional corner before attacking again. verstappen knew that.  i see no chance that verstappen wanted to "let hamilton pass", if this really was his intention it was bloody stupid to slow down on the racing line and "risk" a contact, because hamilton did not know anything about this to happen. no driver would slow down and brake quite hard on the racing line when he knows a car is close behind him and does not know. never.  probably it was not the initial plan to brake so hard and it happened in the heat of the moment out of frustration, just like michael schumacher had no plan to steer into villeneuve in jerez 1997, it happened in the heat of the moment. see the difference.
Lewis Hamilton did it again as in Brasil, we clearly seen it again, how he slow down his car before a re-start ot make Max's brakes cool at the front. And yes, he's getting older, his reaction time is longer and his eyes less sharp and can make a crash like Michael Schumacher did at the end of his racing carreer. Max did not do anything wrong. Any race driver should do the same at the same point. But no one should do what Michael Masi did ...
Congrats!
About as politically correct you can get to Max clearly did something really bad without saying those words. Fair enough.  But guys seriously. If the only way you can defend you position is to intentionally drive off track every time that’s not racing. If Max is as good a driver as you guys say he is he knows for a fact he isn’t making those corners. He has no intention of making them either. Plus he knows Lewis is on the outside and will go off track with him.
Congrats
Just subscribed and liked this video...I want your marriage to last! Love all your videos really!
Congratulations on your marriage
No matter what Verstappen does, he wil always get the penalties, congrats HAM with your 8th stolen WC..
I've watched your videos for awhile, but have never subscribed. YET now that your marriage hangs in the balance I am here.
One word... Vercrashen!
Personally i think Max is still upset after the Silverstone incident, he feels hard done by and that he will play Lewis at his own game at any cost. Max claiming it’s ‘just racing’ is a joke, having to defend constantly by going off the track is not racing, it’s desperation.
i am sick of Sir Shit
I agree with Alonso. The FIA treats non-brits differently.
And the last part should be a panalty as well!
a thousand congrats to your marriage and your amazing wife, may you both have the happiest time of your life together
Red bull and Mercedes need to stop crying! Go racing bunch of losers
unsubbed and resubbed. hope it counts towards saving your marriage xD
Restarting from the grid was a dumb  decission on that track.
Verstappen is an excellent racer but can sometimes be a little over aggressive but I don't remember the FIA stewards giving Hamilton a penalty when he done something similar to Vettel in Azerbaijan a few seasons back. Vettel of course and rightly so got a penalty for his reactions.
I think that was quite accurate and it’s nice to know that MAX did hit the brakes hard I didn’t think Lewis would’ve been caught out I  Think there was a lot of confusion and from my point of view Verstappen look to be weaving a little bit helping with the confusion you weren’t sure exactly WTF
Congratulations on your wedding!
In Maxs Situation I wouldve sent Lewis into the wall in the second corner, force me off, get forced off.
My man out there making videos at his honeymoon 😆😆😆😆
Yes, he did brake check Hamilton.
Congratulations on your wedding 💙
You never stop making excueses for max
Lewis' passive-agressiveness is on another level.  Why he didn't just pass Max no one will ever know, I think Lewis really likes being the victim everywhere he can in his life.
Very insightful and entertaining piece as always. Fortunately the race had a fair outcome in the end - Lewis was very lucky not to lose the front wing.   Congratulations on the wedding. 🙂
no
Hamilton has become the perpetual 'victim', or at least it's the role he's decided to play. It's quite tiresome listen to the constant whinging of a guy in the best car, on the best team, who is coddled by race control, who's getting a taste of his own medicine by a real contender. Smacks of entitlement if I'm being honest.   Hamilton and Mercedes' hypocrisy has been laid bare this season, and F1's credibility is in the bin along side theirs.   PS if merc wins this championship it'll be toto's championship, his undue influence "emails" and tanty throwing determining the outcome. Well done toto, you are the true "champion" "pinnacle of motor sport"?  : I
Congratulations.
The fact that Massi offered this without the issue being properly analysed is fucking ridiculous shows the FIA agenda for what it is. This season is a phrase. Max deserves it Lulu doesn't
@Driver61 you dont disappoint with biased/controversial views on incidents... there is not reason to bring gravel run off as it would not change max's driving but he would more likely to dive inside more aggressively to take ham out in the process, you know so well that it would be easier for max to get ham into gravel or both! your words are already showing how frustratingly disgusting max was driving despite restraining yourself from admitting it. he did the same move twice, he should have gotten a black flag or the least drive through! to be fair to both? seriously? your choice words even from your gestures show contradicting the fair bit about confusion... noone slows down and come to the middle of track when trying to let someone, he just waited until the last sec, nothing confusing, it was timed, and ham saw that happening without verbal confirmation! if he didnt move to the middle of the track while slowing down, it would look less suspicious even with brakes!
At 5:00 you should have shown how Max rejoined and pushed Lewis out again which allowed Ocon to overtake.
Max likes to act like he's cool and calm and isn't bothered but he sure has started to behave erratically now that it's actually coming down to it.
I sub'd to save your marriage.  You're welcome.  ;)
Congratulations!
https://youtu.be/Vh_t0JULMh0
I hear what you are saying mate… I unsubbed and hope you regain your freedom sooner than later!
Congratulations to you and your wife!   And the grand prix was a complete mess after the restart.   Max and Lewis are human and not infallible.   But I think Max needs to calm himself down. There’s nothing wrong with being aggressive, especially when fighting for a championship, but he’s done it in lower formulas, and in F1 where he’s gone just a bit too far.   Lewis simply returns the aggression, again you could easily argue he’s gone too far on occasion (Silverstone?), but this time around I do believe Max deserved his punishments.   Hopefully they’ll both have a hard, clean race in Abu Dhabi.
CONGRATS on your wedding!! Hope you guys don't really dictate your relationship based on likes :D
That race was a shit show I can’t wait to see how the finale plays out
Max first revved down before braking. Lewis deliberately stayed behind him to avoid the DRS catch while he should have long passed him.
I've not watched F1 for years...I've watched it this year. I dare say I'm not the only one.
He wanted to make Hamilton go by at the DRS line and Hamilton didn't want to. So when Hamilton slowed up behind him he slowed up more to try and make him go by and Hamilton drove into the back of him.
Hey Lulu fan boys, Max did not give Lulu a break test. The Redbull team have made it clear that Max did not break, you can see it on board camera when he was from 6 to 5 to 4 to 3 enso on and Lewis did the same he also return to 6 gear to 5 t and 4 to 3 and then Lewis dirty trics came allong he was sleaping because Max was smart to do that on the Drs, and when Lewis wanted to pas Max then Lewis realized shit the Drs zone and then he hit Max, because Max would Lewis on the straight with Max with Drs and Lewis with out. Its a shame that Max let Lewis pas him, and Lewis dont wanted pas Max there.  Thats why Lewis had also get a penaulty because of not passsing Max when he easy had room on left for 3 cars. Mb has payed allot to the Massi and his corupt crew.  You can not give the team 20.000 because Lewis wash on the free practis 2 times very dangers driving on the driving line, and its almost was a heavy crash from Mazapin, Lewis had to gett like Max a 5 places back in the race atleast. And in the race Max was driving to the corner and was first and Lewis was later, and give Max no room in the  corner that dirty trick has Lewis more than 30 times in his career, and later he did it again to Max when Lewis had room for 2cars in that corner. Just dirty driving from Lewis and the Fia want to make Lewis champion.  You cannot changes the roeles every time, and thats the fact. Lewis i a narcist and see things the arend there. Max was already F1 champion iff Lewis hitt Max not on hiss right rear wheel at 250km in Copse corner in Silverstone and hit Max out of the race with 51G,  he was so happy just hitting somebody almost dead, with hiss dirty wheal tikking like he dead many times in hiss F1 career, like he did in 2020 by Albon otherwise Albon  won the race. And Max was getting out off the race by Mister boling Bottas at the Hongary ring, and Max left rear tire blowup at Bacu thats are 75 pionts more to Max, iff Mb did and Lewis and Bottas did not dirty driving, Toto has say itt twice bevore the 2 races itts only to retirements and the did come when he say t that. Thats not racing thats cheating. Whe shall see if sunday Lewis hitt out off the race by Gasly or Perres Hitt Lewis out off the last race that will be a very and very earnd F1 champion ship for Max this year. And nott for Lewis and MB by cheating hitting Max out off the races and give himm all thats very stranged F1 penalties. Max is the best this year and Max  deserve itt more be a first time F1 champion and thats the true. Greeting from a F1 fan for 50years.
Installing sausage kerbs at all tracks without a gravel run off, and instead of this silly 'time penalties' which always give the appearance of being nothing but a slap on the wrist, F1 needs to move into the 21st century and assess pit lane penalties for on track infractions, like IndyCar and NASCAR do. Sometimes it's a drive thru penalty where the driver must pass thru the pit lane at pit lane speeds, or a stop and go, where they must enter the pit stall and then immediately leave, without completing a pit stop.  If the FiA ever had the sense to put these two measures in place, BOTH drivers would surely clean up their act. And if they want to continue the game of chicken and argy bargy with multi million dollar machines, maybe they should move over to NASCAR.
Congrats Mate!!! Wish you all the best of the best!! 😊
I was sure hamilton contacted max in that corner @6min
How has Hamilton not gotten a penalty
congratulations on the wedding!!
Congratulations.
This called MATCH-FIXING  !!
I hear what you are saying mate… I unsubbed and hope you regain your freedom sooner than later!
Time and time again, Max would break late forcing him to take a line in the corner where it is impossible to make the corner, he then expects all drivers to just get out of his way while he drives out of control. He needs to be penalized until he gets it.
So they wanted Verstappen to give back the position. Yes the first and second try where debatable, then at the moment he actually gives it back he gets a penalty. Why didn't the FIA retrieve the penalty cuz max let him pass. Also howcome Merc only got a 25k fine whilst they made a few errors wich should have been penalised? I agree the pushing wide is just racing, Max does it too, but whats up witg the holding up under SC, ignoring double yellows (eventhough they where exidental, he still should have lifted for there was a yellow flag), holding mazepin up, keeping a too big a gap under the SC, and other incidents.... The FIA have been very inconsistent. Not only this weekend, tge entire season in my oppinion.
Let's hope Max can drive a car one day at the same power level of Mercedes soon so he doesn't have to get 120% out of the car and go in the grey now and then to match the sheer Mercedes power. ALthough in that case, the championship wouldnt have been exciting as he would cruise to victory every race. It is simply amazing that someone in a midfield car can make it the superior Mercedes so difficult. That he can make it difficult for Bottas, ok, that's an average driver, but keeping so close to Hamilton is just out of this world. In a frikkin' car where his fellow drivers always fight with the other midfield cars for their positions while Bottas normally cruises to 3rd if he doesn't end up in traffic.
Let’s not forget Max was voted driver of the day by the fans on Sky
sorry hate to say this but big booger in your left nose.
Red Bull: We give you wings Lewis: I can win with mine broken
Congratulations on the wedding!
Congrats on your wedding!! Best wishes for you two!
F1 should never race on this track again.
Congrats! 🎉
Congratulations! I wish you both love and happiness.
I am of the opinion then in that GP the level of driving from championchip contenders were on par with the level of stewards and race control actions.
The championship is over for Max. He pushed as hard as possible, got extremely lucky with safety cars and red flags, and did some very “defensive” driving and still Hamilton won. There will be no chance to beat Hamilton in Abu Dhabi unless Hamilton or Mercedes really mess up, which is highly unlikely.  This would have been Max’s championship easily if he learnt to back out at Silverstone or if Bottas learnt to brake.
Did Lewis drove insane close to the Red Bull? Did Max do what he was told? Was Lewis not informed by Masi? Yes, Yes, and no ! FIA is corrupt.
No, Lewis saw a chance to destroy Max's gearbox at the cost of a front wing pit stop and took it.
In the era of black fascism, no one but Hamilton will be allowed to win championships. Until a new black champion appears. If you look closely at the decisions of the judge, they did everything to maintain the intrigue. First, decisions were made in favor of Max, then in favor of Hamilton. But at the end of the championship, they no longer need it. Now all decisions will be in favor of Hamilon
Ever since Senna and then Schumacher left F1 I find F1 extremely boring and hated it until Max comes along, he is an apex racer, he is what FORMULA ONE is all about. Be the best, push beyond all limits and never settle for number 2.
Grats ! I did my part ;) These two are taking it too far here imho. I hope the new rules will mellow this roadrage a bit.
Michael Schumacher in 1997 ran into  Villeneuve deliberately and the FA removed all of his 78 championship points from the 1997 season.   The FA says Max braked excessively and on boards show he down shifted 5 gears.  We know why he did it, he was breaking for the DRS line to hope Lewis passed him before it but Lewis did not know what the f*** Max was doing, then Max did swerve left but was it like the Italian GP which everyone agrees was a professional foul/accident?  I have never traveled at 330 kph and had to make decisions like these guys but I do know that traveling on the Autoban in Germany at 240 KPH its crazy how fast things happen.
3 penalties....1 incident
go max go. you are the best!
He did brake check him, he braked and hit 2.4 GS or 2.6 I can't remember but they have the data they know when and how hard he braked.
Hamilton and Botas more rules than Verstappen this weekend:  Hamilton: Gasly, Mazepin in FP3: when someone says "ohh but that was practice", it was 3rd practice, you should already know what to do  Hamilton: Yellow flags: they were accidental but so were the flags in Qatar, guess who got the penalty.  Bottas: Kimi: even though Kimi was on his outlap, you could clearly see blue flags from Bottas cockpit.  Bottas: Slowing down drastically during safety car: his gap was 2.5 sec to Hamilton before the safety car. He held back Verstappen to make sure they stay 1 2  Hamilton: Making sure Verstappen's tyres are as cold as possible:   Hamilton: pushing Verstappen off the track the same way Verstappen pushed him in brazil, but without complains.  FIA: informing Redbull before Mercedes:  Verstappen was told to give the position back. He, like any other normal driver (Leclerc in Monza for example) wanted to be smart about it so he tried to do it as optimally as possible. Lewis was informed too late, but he realised what max tried to do; getting drs. Max was gradualy slowing down, leaving the inside widely open, but hamilton did not turn left, instead, he stayed right behind Max, because he didn't think he was letting him pass because of the instruction, but for strategic reasons.  Hamilton: Pushing Verstappen wide again  Tell me if I missed something out.
HE BRAKE TESTED ME
I haven't watched your opinion as I write this. Max just lost all my respect with these antics. Of course his actions were totally deliberate. His intention was to damage Lewis' chances as much as possible, deliberately. Max has shown he is a thug with no class. Regardless of how brilliant he is behind the wheel. Which is a real shame.
No gravel, just used kitty litter traps.
I don't know much about F1, but I figured the (seemingly) intentional slowing down of Bottas would get more attention than it is. If that goes unchecked I can see it getting abuse by other teams in the future
make a prediction about this year's Grand Prix and hopefully it turns out reality only to cheer and make your wife happy
I think Redbull was unlucky particularly when they needed more luck and Merc got stronger on and off track.
Awww, Congrats to the beautiful couple!!!!
Spot on as usual
I really don't get why he had to give it back a 3rd time. He let Hamilton pass with a clear disadvantage to himself and Hamilton just lazily took the corner and Verstappen took it back. Seems fair game to me.
A multi billion dollar show run by clowns who make things up on the move
Max is a s,traight up cheater
Congratulations on your marriage. Wishing you many years of happiness.   And great video. This is the most unbiased accounting of events I have heard so far. What a crazy race.
It's a balance between safety and racing..  I also watch hockey and they struggle with this issue,  punching people in the head is good for ratings but seeing a guy K.O'd on the ice bleeding is bad for the optics of a league that is supposedly interested in the health of the players..
Congrats on your marriage and enjoy your honeymoon!
This track is fucking nuts
Congratulations
Let’s just hope Max does the sensible thing and  take Lewis out on the first corner 🤣
Lewis has to remember that his car has a lot more power then everyone else on the grid due to F1 always wanting him to win.  It's easy to rear end the other cars if he's having a moment of non concentration.
there gonna be a dnf next raceweekend for sure  either its verstappen ore hamilton ore both and this will be so moraly wrong how to win a wc by dnf the other but i am fairly sure such thing will happen and i am more of the side that verstappen will take such a stupid move bc as we saw in saudi arabia 3 time went straight over the corner not by accident and hamilton breaked 3 times to avoid a dnf bc it would be over for him then verstappen for him it doesnt matter so thats my oppinion of how verstappen gonna win his 1st wc by having to win dirty (Sadly)
Spoiler, No he didn't.
Congratulations!  Wishing you both lifelong happiness.  I think the race direction was a shambles.  These races are far too tightly managed and there are far to many interventions from the stewards and the race director.  Also, run off areas should be gravel or something that discourages running off circuit.  I am pulling for Max (this year… I am a fan of both protagonists), but have to agree he is on the ragged edge of appropriate driving.  With that said, Mercedes’ tactics under the virtual safety car periods and at the restarts should have been looked at more careful, as they were clearly outside the rules, yet no penalty… easy to penalize Max, but what about both Mercedes drivers…
Congratulations! I think Max is very talented but he’s still very raw and needs to settle down a bit and I guess that comes with maturity which Hamilton has in spades over Max
All in all ; Red Bull needs to do a better job in nurturing Max otherwise they will have another Vettel in the Future . JUST FOR THOUGHT  ... If Max was that aggressive to the young drivers such as Lando, Ocon, Stroll, etc; would the world defend him for such racing tactics or they would attack him FOR HIS LACK OF SPORTMANSHIP,  STYLE, OR BETTER YET NO CRAFT / ART IN HIS RACING STYLE LIKE THE SENNA, MICHEAL, PIQUE, ALONSO  AND MANY GREAT DRIVERS WHO HAD THEY OWN CRAFTS/ART OF RACING ...
Congrats! Glad your wife supports you in your work. You do an absolutely fantastic job on this channel!
Who wins the championship in the case of a double DNF in the last race?
Saudi Arabia should be prohibited from hosting races for the next 5 years given how shit the track is.
I think massi is to nice giving Rb the option to  give back the position and he shouldn’t be making that call anyway. Let the stewards do there job and you do your job, simple
congrats dude :)
wait, did you need us to subscribe or not, the message wasn't clear, blink if you need help!
Why did you even make this video.  The telemetry shows that he brake checked him, theres nothing to debate or theorise the answer is in the data.  Max has perfected the art of overspeeding corners to make it impossible to overtake, the kid actually cant race he showed that today.
Sorry missing an apex on purpose and leaving no space to race and push other drivers off track is not ok in my book. S is braking to late and missing the corner completely.  Battles are so much more interesting when this wouldn't be allowed. Both Lewis and Max pulled the same prank on eachother.  They should both get a black flag for their childish behaviour.
Verstappen shut be worldchampioen allong time ago.But fia gave 10 sec not out of race.
Honestly I think hamilton deservse a penalty; if a drive is told, to let another driver by, then when he opens that door to let him by, he NEEDS to go by. If hamilton is refusing to go by in order to obtain an advantage (DRS), then max should either be allowed to keep lead becuase he intentionally slowed down and hamilton failed to pass, or in this case hamilton causing an incedent (yes he caused it, he wanted to stay behind for DRS its his fault) should get a time penalty for hitting max.
There needs to be a precedent set here. The driver who has to give back the position should have total authority on where the position is given back. Verstappen chose the place on the circuit where he would have the best chance to regain the position immediately. It's not his problem if lewis doesn't want to take the position. If the break check didn't happen I think verstappen should be well within his rights to drive on without having to swap places.  And to those that say that Lewis "didn't know it was going to happen" thats a bullshit excuse. This is a race, Hamilton knew EXACTLY what was going on, that's why he chose not to take the position. Under regular race conditions he would have just driven around him but he wanted to be given the position at a part of the circuit that suited him better.
Damn people just hate it to admit that their golden boy max could be in the wrong once in a while
The two things that bothered me was that slight swerve to the left by Max and the pretty heavy braking. Without them I might have believed that Max was just a bit frustrated that Lewis wasn't going past at a strategic point.. but with them it seems more likely it was a deliberate move to force a collision OR force Lewis past to avoid a collision. I don't want to see grid place penalties but this was just too much aggression from Max on a pretty dangerous high speed circuit. He should get more than a slap on the wrist IMHO. Overall though... well it was a very exciting race with lots to talk about :)
Since you asked. I subscribed. Happy wife, happy life! Congratulations!
I do like how this channel is not biased and just deals with facts. I also like that the comment section is pretty much the same. Discussing with knowledge rather than biased feelings.
Congrats on your recent nuptials! Totally admire your dedication to your channel. Sounds like you've found yourself a good'un there, letting you post on yr honeymoon. Buy her some flowers and tell her yr subscribers say thanks 👏🏾💐🍾🥂
Congratulation for your Wedding all the best and carefully listen the Team Manager 👍🏻🍀🥂🍾👍🏻
honestly, whoever you favor be it max or lewis the FIA look like total slobs. never consistent withg pentalties or rules enforcement. being bad/late with communication during the race etc. hope the last race will be a bit better because i honestly thought Saudi was awful, becuase of race direction and the awful awful circuit
It was obvious that Verstappen brake checked Hamilton because from Lewis's onboard you could see them going about the same speed and suddenly Lewis is in the back of Max's car.  Either Max brake checked him or that Mercedes is the Millennium Falcon. Personally I think Max thought Lewis was playing games with him and saw red for a moment but who knows.
Great video as always Scott but i couldn't take me eye off that bogey up your left nostril!!
All this could have been avoided if there was a gravel trap...
congrats on the marriage man!
I do not think it will hurt Max if he tried to learn from the old dog some of his tricks of being a 7 times world champion. Lewis copied from the old masters of the sport and his MacLean days gave him a very good ,solid foundation and  i insight of the sport in depth which can not be said of the current young drivers .
Why didn’t max have to change tire compound if he started the race and finished on the mediums ?
once upon a time..  https://youtu.be/KRttDK3kV2g?t=198 😉
"Imagine life as a game in which you are juggling some five balls in the air. You name them work, family, health, friends and spirit. And you’re keeping all of these in the air. You will soon understand that work is a rubber ball. If you drop it, it will bounce back. But the other four balls – family, health, friends and spirit – are made of glass. If you drop one of these, they will be irrevocably scuffed, marked, nicked, damaged or even shattered. They will never be the same. You must understand that and strive for balance in your life." - Brian Dyson.  Love your content, but focus on your family man. We can wait :)
I think that Verstappen initially did nothing wrong here. Pass off track, the lung at T1, the trying to let Lewis by pre DRS line. Its all something you try to do to set yourself up best. Lewis, also did nothing wrong here. He raced aggressively also, he was confused, and tried to stay behind Max as to not give him the DRS pass back. I think the only key note here in the whole thing is the reapplication of braking, while also turning the car into the center of the track. Its just.. not okay. Lots of drama, and with tied points into the Finale, this may be a really, really fun bit of racing next week. I just hope both of them let it happen on the track and don't pull a Senna and wreck each other.  Also, Congrats on getting Married!! OMG!!
Every F1 YouTuber is scared to say Max really wanted to do everything to crash into Lewis. All he really wanted was a DNF For lewis and lewis and Mercedes are smart enough and have tried to yield in such situations. Go Lewis!
Verstappens 2nd restart was a MASTERS CLASS.. it shows why he should be champion this year.
👏🏼 🍾  Congrats.
There was so much room to Verstappen's side why was Lewis so close behind him in the first place? Lewis knew he would be allowed to pass, so why put yourself in such a risky position?
People say Max drives hard but, Max drives outside the rules where everyone else obeys the rules. I blame F1 in their desire to get a challenger to Lewis and Mercedes they have mostly allowed Max to get away with it.  I think Max is an unbelievably skilled and ultra competitive driver and its a shame that he is not competing in the spirit and the rules like everyone else because if he was it would be much more enjoyable to watch. They say this is what the fans want but it feels dirty and personally I didn't think it was a great race to watch.
Congratulations!
Gotta sub for the wife threat
Congrats on your wedding but unfortunately I cannot help with subscriber count because I've been a subscriber for a long time already.
Max is just following the same path as Vettel and i can clearly see where Max will be in 10 years ; just like the current Vettel . TO HAVE SPEED AND POWER WITHOUT CONTROL AND TO HAVE LESS POWER AND SPEED BUT WITH FULL CONTROL.  Lewis has mastered this and has applied it to his racing style and for good cause ; it has won him 6 other championships … 3 more than Vettel . I do not think it will hurt Max if he tried to learn from the old dog some of his tricks of being a 7 times world champion.
I’ll unsubscribe and subscribe again to meet the quota
Congrats on the wedding. I know you said not to ask questions to you but I would like to know other people’s opinions on whether F1 should ever race on this track again. With the issues during the FP’s it just seems this track is tailor made for big issues during a race. It was an exciting race at the end but the racing just wasn’t good, IMO.
Ocon: "they getting aggressive". By they he means Hamilton. Should he not get a 5 second penalty for that?
Man, I'm sitting on the edge of my seat for that next race
Congrats on the wedding!!
Yes
Congrats
I don't understand the big miscommunication here.. they were both playing games with the DRS line.. that's all that happened. But of course all the "analysts" don't mention the logical explanation because the "dramatic" one is better storyline.
Congratulations!!! Got me laughing when you mentioned that your wife said that it would be a short marriage if you didn’t get new subs lol, been subscribed for a while now!
Half way through the video, love that you see it from both drivers perspectives and do not favour one or the other. Thank you for showing us that Lewis can also drive hard and “over-the-line” like Max. Max gave Lewis a chance to overtake him but Lewis didn’t want to because of the DRS zone. I think the stewards are biased towards Lewis and it shows by their decisions; they should get a full restructuring.
Someone needs to teach verstappen how to drive. Mayen you?
Just bring back the graveltraps and grass. All of these problems would be solved once and for all.
Amazing as always👍👍
Are you joking change job
Redbull = Thug methods
4:55 _"...later this week"_ and risk a divorce? (congratz!, btw)
CONGRATULATIONS!!
Ayeeee congrats on your marriage 👏🏾👏🏾
Congrats on getting married!
Since it happened very fast, Hamilton might have been thinking there was a safety car and that's why Ver was slow in the middle of the track. But also could be the DRS zone. Ham was a little too close to Ver, but also he braked .69 bar which was not cool. Both drivers at fault since Ver didn't know Ham didn't know about the swap yet. Then Max gets double penalized and Ham gets a warning.
Keep away from that crazy guy, he will try everything to take you out
Congratulations
Congrats on the wedding, Scott! Fine review as always
Congratulations man..
congratrs wedding
Max break checking Lewis; https://youtube.com/shorts/y240LMwSFTM?feature=share
give max a 1 point penalty for the brake check incident then we will see how aggressive he is next sunday.
Ask your self this question: "Was Hamilton in a race or playing follow the leader?" Since Hamilton clearly geared down behind Max for NO REASON someone should tell Hamilton he is in a RACE.
Max will end up just like Vettel . An aggressive driving style that always takes you out of  races due to the collisions with the other teams  hence no championships. It was so sad to watch  how Vettel completely failed to adapt to a new racing style to suit his Ferrari car and continued with the same AGRESSAVE RACING STYLE of his Red bull days  which has costed Vettel at least 2 more championships
Congratulations! 💞
congratz enjoy ya honeymoon! it was an event indeed.. epic finale ahead
Hamilton is so two faced and a liar, I was a huge fan of his but not anymore.  The race was a shit show !!!
The only real take away from this weekend is that the FIA is literally making it up as they go along
Max Verstappen embodies all the traits of Ayrton Senna which is quite ironic since that's Lewis ''idol'' even though they are nothing alike with the approach to racing on the track, if Ayrton was in that Car he had done the exact same to Lewis if not more, Max is just a true racing driver by DNA.
It’s always a problem for other cars to pass Max without being pushed off track. This might be exciting today because it’s being done against Lewis but the future is looking dangerous for others and it’s all thanks to Max.
Fia: Let lewis by Max: *trys to let max by* Fia: do it again but make sure he passes you Max: *Lets lewis by and then reovertakes him* Fia: do it again but make sure he passes you and you stay behind Max: *Lets lewis by and doesnt try to reovertake* Fia: 5 second time penalty for not letting lewis past
This guy is making excuses for Max.
Hamilton followed a car slowing down during a race without flags instead of overtake.... So i dont neee to say who was the fault
Max drives to win a race and NOT a championship.
Congrats on your wedding
That joke alone about 10k subs request , made me subscribe. Good luck on the marriage
Congratulations on your marriage. Long life, health & happiness to you both!
Did Max brake test Lewis? Yes, and it was the exact right thing to do. If Lewis didn’t want to get brake checked, then he should have pulled over to the left side of Max. Max left more than half the track open to the left. Lewis could have stayed in second place without being directly behind Max. Lewis CHOSE to stay directly behind Max in order to push him across the DRS line first. It was a risky (and shady) game of chicken that LEWIS INITIATED, not Max. It is clear on the video that Lewis had the end plates on his front wing directly behind Max’s left rear tire. That was Lewis’s dare: “Brake check me Max, and my wing will shred your your rear tire, and that’ll be it for you.” But Max called the bluff. He juked slightly to left, and braked hard. By juking to the left Max insured that Lewis’s end plates got crunched by the Red Bull’s gearbox and wouldn’t shred the rear tire.  And that is how Max stood up to the slickest bully in F1.
What about Hamilton letting fall a huge gap behind verstappen on the formation lap before the 2nd start (way more than the allowed 5 car lengths). That cooled down Vertappens tires. Maybe it was enough for the lack of grip contributing to the bad start and punished turn 1 incident. Not jumping to any conclusions, but it sure is a good point to debate.
Max tried to kill Lewis. Murder! Murder! Murder! 🔪 🩸 ☠️
Stewards should've penalized Max in Brazil to give some consistency.  Now Max feels like he was unfairly punished for racing off the track, because he was allowed to do it in a previous race.
Im extreamly new to F1 so I dont know much but it seemed like the FiA did everything in their power to make sure Lewis won and tied for the championship. Max gets pushed of the track, passes Lewis, and is told to give the position back. He did it but it "wasnt the right way" so he is told to give it back again and is sat with a 5 sec pen for something that he didnt have much choice in doing (at least as far as my inexperienced eyes could see). As far as the "break check", Lewis had the whole left side of the track to go around Max but didnt. It was really weird and again i dont think Max should have been penalized for something that (seems like) Lewis baited. I get it, tie the GP and eyeballs will be glued for the last race ( I know mine will) but all this just doesnt seem right. Again I know next to nothing about this sport (other than its cool as hell and now Im hooked) so can an armchair steward make sense of this for me?
Congrats mate!. Missed to hear about the things mercedes did with the fp incident.  And the faults behind the safetycar. By lewis and bottas.  No thought what so ever by fia. Kinda strange
Honestly yes it was a bit of a mess but it was total down to max being a cheeky booga and breaking any rule he could to stay ahead.
Massi needs to be replaced Absolutely no credibility. Still haven't heard about Bottas running so slow on vsc then Lewis running up the gearbox at the other end
Congrats on the wedding! If either Max or Hamilton wasn't in the race, the race would be boring. They are both pushing things to the limits, especially Max with the slower car. I have been a fan of Max since he matured but am seeing the extreme driving that made me not appreciate him in his rookie days. The fact is the track and F1 rules and stewardship was the problem in the race. The circuit is not a safe of good track for F1 cars. In fact I don't know what the track is good for other them time trails. One accident and you get a red flag. One rub of two cars and it is a VSC. No track should be used that required so much intervention by the circuit workers. Then you have all kinds of exploitation of the rules which is very unsportsmanlike. Bottas holding up Max to allow Hamilton to gain an advantage in the pits puts a black-eye on the sport. Max being told to get a position up and Hamilton not being told to pass was very poor communication. I really don't understand why Hamilton didn't just pass him, unless he wanted to follow. Massi offering a solution without clear explanation and then to have the Stewart overturn the decision makes one wonder what clowns are running the show. It is a mess and this weekend, though exciting, really demonstrated a lot of problems with our sport.
The only discrepancy with the stewards decisions I think was the 5-second time penalty being awarded due to the initial incident, not because of the imediate overtake after letting Lewis pass (Spa 2008 anyone?). Other than that, I think the stewards in this race did decent decisions in the clownfiesta that was.       And for anyone wondering, Michael Massi is not a steward, race direction was terrible, delayed red flag that just meant we got fewer racing laps, taking too long to clear debris of the track (amazing how we didn't have punctures honestly). Massi needs to get its actor together or be replaced IMO
Big ups to HAMBONE and your wedding: the race had me thinking they drove thru the Twilight Zone yo! 🤷🏿‍♂️
The overtake incident is totally on Hamilton. You dont get to choose when you want the opponent to give you the position. They do it as instructed at the earliest possible time. Otherwise what? Ask to give the position back right before the finish line? The way its presented, with regards to breaking, is misleading, suggesting that Verstappen just slammed on the brakes out of nowhere. Thats incorrect. He was slowing down and shifting down way before that, gong well below race speed. Hamilton REFUSED to pass and stuck right behind Verstappen (I dont believe his BS that he was confused, he just knew its a not a good spot, he was slowing down too specifically to AVOID overtaking), then to complete the race instruction to give the position - he slows down even more. Hamilton, deliberately staying close behind to a slowing car, gets caught in a situation he knowingly put himself in by refusing the position he's offered. What is a driver to do when the opponent refuses to take it? Like, seriously? Explain? Also the penalties make no sense... He gets a penalty for not giving the position that the other driver refuses to take when offered, later he gives the position successfully but the additional penalty stands, so he gets penalized twice for the same incident which wasnt really all his fault, it takes two to make a mess of this magnitude. Also note that Hamilton didnt get any penalties whatsoever, innocent fully bunny as usual... Toto's payment to his gym buddy Masi (actually they are gym buddies btw) finally went through it seems.
Nobody is taking about how Bottas blocked Max under the safety car. Was it legal? Lewis left space of more than 10 cars in formation lap. Nobody is talking about that. It was dirty move from Mercedes. They aren’t clean either.
The idea that any driver could be penalised arbitrarily TWICE for the one incident is mind boggling. Give the place back and a 5 second penalty. Red Bull must protest this.  After 35 years of watching (and working at, many years ago) F1 races, I have never seen such chaotic and illogical race direction and stewardship all year long. This race is a new low for Masi and his team. Surely something has to change for next year as we can only expect this chaos to continue. In a sport where everyone is elite at what they do, Mr Masi, you stand out as the clear exception.  Maybe that is what they want.... Drama over competence may make more money.
Congratulations Scott!
Verstappen is a nasty driver
Congratulations on your Marriage! All the best!
Brake harder so he didn’t pass the DRS zone
Well that's it then... Hamilton needs to win the last race with 18 more points otherwise it will be a de facto title for Max due to the Hamilton shunt at Silverstone considering that Max would have probably have got at least 2nd place. Just think about this, after all the controversy in Saudi and what Mercedes are saying about Max, Hamilton got away with Silverstone scot-free... SCOT-FREE!
Don't be stupid! The WHOLE world knows it wasn't a brake test, we ALL heard the radio message telling Max to let Hamilton past. Hamilton is a dimwit for not passing! What the hell was going on his head!
To me it seemed Max was trying to take Lewis out, it he doesn't finish its auto win for Max.
Liked at 2:20, just in case, like you said. Congrats have fun and sleep a lot before you have kids.
I don't think Michael Masi 'offered' the option to Red Bull, but rather asked it in a way so he'd know if there are any contestations or not from their side...  and the second position issue...he just didn't realise at the moment that Ocon slipped in there :D
Congratulations m8
Max was ready to win the race or take out Hamilton trying. Exciting racing but not what the rules allow.
If they are going to have all this run off they either need extremely harsh penalties for going outside track limits or eliminate the asphalt run off. Maybe just a strip of wet astroturf between the track and the asphalt run off. Id rather leave it out of the hands of the steward and just let the track punish them. Drivers have shown they are more then willing to just send it on practically impossible lines because they know its just a quick drive back on track with no harm done. If they succeed they gain a place and if they fail then they are just right back in the same place anyway. Thus were seeing these insane dives increasing year by year
congrats on the marriage :D (pressing subscribe multiple times to save your marriage haha)
Firstly... Massive congratulations to you and your new bride 👰 who definitely deserves something nice for letting you do this on your honeymoon 😂😁  Secondly.. Another fantastic analysis. Unbiased and taking both views into account. What really gives your channel merit is you... An actual racer.. Not just a guy who talks about sports.  Keep up the good work and enjoy the rest of your honeymoon 👍🎉
I've seen a couple of videos about the drama, and I think Max pushed a bit to hard at times, but what most videos leave out is that the antics started during the first safety car event. Bottas was not catching up to Lewis, which is the point of the safety car. Instead he was creating a massive gap to Lewis, so both Mercedes’s could pit back to back. Mercedes should have been penalized for this. Then during the warm up for the restart, Lewis didn’t keep up, and left a huge gap and did a few burnouts before he stopped on the grid, while Max's tires had already cooled down, explaining his terrible restart which gave Lewis the lead again. Maybe Hamilton should have been penalized for this, it was not even investigated. So Max was already annoyed with Mercedes at this point. I don't think Max's will ever go gentle on Lewis after Silverstone, where Lewis send Max off into the barrier at 160 mph, and then celebrated his victory while Max was still in hospital getting checked out.
Congrats and best of luck with your wedding !
Verstappen knew Hamilton would hit him there. He braked on purpose knowing they would crash in an attempt to cause damage to hamilton's car as proved without a doubt by the telemetry. 10 second penalty after the race with no actual implications is pathetic. Dude can't make a single corner when defending, almost took out ham both times he went off the track and then purposefully brake tests him knowing they would crash and attempts to damage his rival and has zero sportsmanship. Yet Verstappen fans are shouting that FIA is trying to gift Ham the WC because they handed him a penalty for cutting the corner which is exactly what they said they would do before the race.. You need to be mentally challenged to think this is any way biased in Ham's favor..Verstappen got away with murder here.. FIA basically said : " we know you caused a crash on purpose but don't have the balls to actually punish you"
This has already been answered.  Yes, he brake checked him.  Incredibly dangerous, Max is a petulant baby.  They really should have given a grid penalty.
Its not FIA, its MSFIA: Mercedes supporting Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile
congrats!!
Mercedes owns FIA
Idk why you are always favouring Hamilton nowadays...u forgot to mention that Hamilton made max stop more time on grid by slowing too much , which gave him advantage over Max even though reaction time of both were almost exactly the same
I think Ver with the brake test wasn’t trying to cause a collision (no upside for him - potential puncture, sure penalty, etc) but wanted to catch Ham out since it was clear he wasn’t going to pass before the DRS line, so the reaction offset to give Ver a getaway and Ham not being able to catch him even with DRS at the end of the straight.   What I don’t get is why Ham chose to wait right behind Ver when he had plenty of space on either side (much more risky, had limited maneuverability), and also having faster straight line speed could’ve probably held the position to begin with even with Ver DRS, protected the inside of t1 and pushed Ver out.  Such a strange thing to see how both slowing way down vs normal racing speed in the middle of the race…
Congratulations!
I love watching wheel to wheel racing, but this isn't that. Its impossible to make a clean overtake on Verstappen - every time he dives down the inside far too fast to make the corner. You either react, move out his way, compromise your line and let him through, or get torpedoed which suits him in the championship. I was amazed that both cars made it through the race. Pretty much 100% chance that something similar is going to happen in Abu Dhabi which will be a disappointing way for a championship to be decided. The FIA needs to rein this in for next season, its just been out of control this year and its only a matter of time until someone is seriously hurt because of it.
I don't agree with Verstappen's action, but this gives the race so much emotion, is very good see a driver don't accept Lost the Race and trying everything, i born in 2003 and never see a thing like this, only Senna and Gilles came in my memory to be so agressive, what a blessed season.
CONGRATSSSS ON YOUR WEDDING my sub is yours
Best of luck for your honeymoon
The only possible and decent comment to this video is: congratulations and best wishes of happiness ! :)
Alot of netflix fans in the comments i see
Max makes Rosberg look like a clean driver LMAO, I think he needs to be given some boundaries before someone actually gets hurt, that brake check was next level dirty
I think max got too many penalties, he did things wrong but Hamilton too.
I think horner and verstappen watched a different race to the rest of us,their version is pure lies
Congrats Scott
Great vid sorry for the rant…but The 5sec penalty was for overtaking off the track but nothing said about joining the track in a unsafe manner?HAM run’s VER off the road & the FIA call him on it straight away when VER is doing everything he can to hit HAM including brake check that was proved only got VER a 10sec penalty was horrific this has got to stop what about some young F3 driver try’s the same thing nxt wk would it be handled the same or would he be lucky to keep his licence!?!!! Is this only going to end in a horrible crash?!
First of all: congrats! I guess the problem here is the inconsistency of these penalties. In Brazil Max didn’t get a penalty, this time he did. But then again Lewis pushed Checo of the track in Turkey and also didn’t get a penalty. Actually, like you stated: also in Jeddah Lewis pushed Max of the track, but Lewis only received a warning! And i am confused that when Max is ordered to let Lewis pass by, that Lewis is allowed to stay behind … i would have expected that if Lewis refuses to overtake and swap places, that the stewards would order him to make the move. And lets be fair, Lewis had plenty of time and space to make the move … specially when you look at this video https://youtu.be/2USrvkBrzXk
Congrats.
Congrats on wedding!  Subscribed!
Congrats for the marriage, I wish you the best!!  About the video, you forgot to mention about hamilton getting way too far on the first restart, making Versttapen lose temperature on his tires and getting a poor start
Wow, congrats on the wedding!     I think there's enough bad mojo to go around, both team wise and individual driver wise.  As much as I'm rooting for Max to win, if he did brake-check Hamilton on purpse then he needs a grid penalty in Abu Dhabi.  But the net result is that we get two fantastic all-or-nothing risk takers even on points with one race to go.   I would expect both teams to get stern warnings, and the stewards maybe a little antsy with penalties.  I just hope it's a clean race, and that both drivers perform at the top of their ability.   IMO, a true sports fan always wants the rival team to be at the absolute peak so that the victory -- if that's what it is -- will be sweeter.
Congrats on the marriage!!! Can't help you with the +10k subs though, because I already am subscribed xp  Wishing both of you a bright and beautiful future!!
What about fia being biased to merc and hamilton grow a brain people
Lewis wanted some competition  guess he has it now...Be Careful what you wish for Lewis...Racing Was Great!!!
I love how you spent 5 seconds on Hamilton running Verstappen wide. I don't even have to ask who you root for..... Politics.
i make out off everything this race was a mess from both sides but everyone is targetting verstappen yes he made faults but so did lewis only nobody sees or says nor admit it only verstappen gets penalized. this whole season is just a mess calling out silverstone and hungary as the 2 races that costs or will cost max his deserved wdc titel. verdict verstappen should be wdc merc/hamilton get away with too much = politics not to forget this race bottas had his fair share calling out the tactic off slowing holding up max to maximaze the gap to hamilton after the pitstop and preparing to double stack.
Wasn't it a 5 second penality? Not 10? And make it a rule than if it's a problem.
It is understandable that you more or less felt compelled to record this video during your honeymoon, so thank you in general, but especially for this sacrifice! It was a great summary to which I enjoyed listening!
FIA is a big joke
Congrats on getting married buddy.   Max will never yield. Lewis acted and drove dirty. Red Bull gamble was amazing. The restarts was Nutts. The racing was good all around to me.  The argibargy with Max and Lewis was fun.
Haters and lovers. At the end of the day, Verstapen is the only reason F1 is exciting this year as he is the only one remotely close to those 2 mercedes cars. Otherwise it would be another boring season that no one wants to watch. I would say 90% of fans want Verstapen to win either by loving Max or hating Hamilton and Mercedes. Or better yet hating Toto
Horner say : Max is faster in first sector and Mercedes is faster is 2nd and 3rd sector the reason is no corners only straight,  and Mercedes dominate on straight more powers.
What happened is Verstappen got penalized twice for the same thing. Politics.
I love your impartial analysis of these moments. I feel like you're one of the only people left on the planet with an unbias, sensible approach to this sort of thing 😂 Every other analysis seems to be plagued with bias one way or another.
Mercedes are not used to have competition in such a way it is just now. Normally it's like 10-20 seconds ahead side by side like now, I think both drivers are as bad as eachother
Congrats and enjoy your honeymoon.  Hopefully Max does't pull a Prost/Senna move in Abu Dhabi..   The shit show in Jeddah will be remembered
Max just looks like a spoilt child throwing his toys out of the pram.
Meilleurs vœux de bonheur
Please, do another video abouts Masi's offers RB cannot refuse and 5s penalty
Congratulations!
Many congratulations on your marriage❤️
Whole race was a bit of a joke. And seemed more political than sport. Sad.
Congratulations on your marriage!
What ist with Bottas?! He should have a penalty, at least 5s, for holding Verstappen
Yeh
Why did the put meds on verstappens?!?  Cost them the race.
Congrats on your wedding :)   I remember Hamilton brake checked Vettel a couple of years back. That time Vettel was penalised.   I was not the biggest fan of Hamilton before, but my respect for him is fading big time. And don't get me started on the Stewards :D
And that track needs to be fixed. Its a death trap. Someone's death is waiting in one of those blind corners and I don't want to see it. Especially the way they practice and qualify. Change it before it's too late.
I love the lengths people are going, to say it wasn't  a brake check. VER is dirtier than a pig in s***
2:17 ah the dirty strat Nah it's fine, congrats on you both, and have a happy time <3
Why did Lewis need permission to pass the slower car? Why do you need permission? Seems fixed. Something stinks and I don't like it.
Congratulations on your wedding!
CONRATS ON THE NEW WIFE !!!!!
Max Verstappen needs to have his wings clipped by the racing authorities. His behaviour is absolutely ridiculous and clearly against the rules.
I wouldn't say it was a brake test because that would run huge risk of a dnf for max, but only front wing damage for lewis. I definitely think it was a misunderstanding between both drivers. Would have done the same if I was both drivers.
I m Hamilton fan and the way you explain made me forgive max. I think I understand max a bit more because of you.
"Came shortly after..." I dont know, that was 3 yellow laps? They should stop the race immediately after crash. At least 3 layers were damaged and everybody saw that. They didnt need to remove car first to see that barriers were heavily damaged in my opinion.
Question: If Max gave the position back, and immediately over takes him again... by the rules, that SHOULD be ok even though its frowned upon. It doesn't say "give the position back for 1 lap" nor is it defined by a number of corners so.... some room for improvements there I guess.
I see that you try to be neutral very very hard,  unfortunately the scale seems to be tipping towards the ham more than to the max.  Just my neutral vision on this. Otherwise keep up the good work and congrats with your wedding!
that Hamilton deserves to be punish what he did to Max disgraceful it's not fair
Its so frustrating when max just doesn't yield fairly. Accept being overtaken and don't just break late to miss the corner and keep the lead.
Clearly a Hamilton fan.
When you suddenly load 2.4g of braking force its pretty clear it was brake testing
MERCEDES CON HAMILTON SERAN LOS GANADORES ABSOLUTOS DEABU DHABI  PUES VERSTAPEN  ES EN VERDAD UN BANDOLERO YA QUE QUIERE GANAR  SALTANDOSE LOS CERCOS  E INSULTANDO  Y DESTRUYENDO EL MERCEDES  PERO ESO  LO QTIENE QUE VER Y SANCIONAR FUERTE LA FIA  YA QUE  ASI  ESAS CARRERAS  DONDE EL MEJOR PILOTO QUE ES HAMILTON ES AGREDIDO  POR UN CULICAGADITO  BUFON  Y ESO NO SE DEBE PERMITIR!
"Help me out" Shit man I'm already subscribed! :D but ya this race was a complete mess, we need someone with more experience than Massi this has been an issue for a while now. So incredibly inconsistent.
FIA already proved it an the telemetry proves verstappen brake checked Lewis
For all the backlash Max is receiving I feel only the criticism for Lap 37 is deserved and as for the collision, it was a misunderstanding and all the credits for that goes to the FIA homies.
congrats on the wedding!!!!!
big difference between this and brazil is that lewis made the corner
Okay, congratulations on your wedding! And I subscribed to your channel! I do what I can!
Congratulations on your wedding. And thank you for a great video, I missed the Saudi F1 race as I'm in hospital, so thank you for an informative update ❤
As you said, Bottas was holdin up Verstappen when Hamilton came into the box..... can some one explain me why holding up is legal for mercedes.... in this case on all starts and restarts.... never noted never investigated........  I don't get why the FIA act so blind in these situations
This circuit is a joke, the race was a joke, the fia, mercedes and hamilton are a joke. I've never seen someone run into someone else and the person who got hit gets a penalty, twice. If Max would have driven like hamilton did that raced he would have been black flagged and probably fined. I can tell the fia is working really hard to keep their ratings up. I just hope it doesn't come at the expense of a driver's life. That circuit is beyond dangerous. And moves like hamilton punting Max into the barrier at the British gp are completely unacceptable.
the problem with the FIA is that they aren't clear with the rules. and We saw things in the previous GP's that weren't acceptable. For example you can get a penalty in Austria for pushing someone wide but in the other gp's it wasnt the case. Verstappen didnt get a penalty in Brazil for pushing Lewis wide but in Saudi Arabia he did get one. and thats whats triggering me because that will cause confusion to the drivers. they dont know how much they can push off someone and not. so they need to make the rules more clear because this will cause unclear penalties. but all of this is my opinion and its all good if you agree or disagree with this
Congrats on getting married. This is by far the best commentary that you’ve ever done on Max vs Lewis!
Congratulations to the newlyweds :)))  Life is good when you marry :)  Thank you for all the videos you make, And specially for taking time to make  this ☝️ !!!
Congrats on your union. I actually paused the video to type this. Congrats to you both again. I think we all deserve a picture of the bride and groom! lol
# EFF ALL STREET RACING the concept is old, outdated and DANGEROUS drivers going 100 mph with concrete walls & the devil menacingly screaming at them
I'm a noob to f1, what's brake checking, and why the hell would max even do that since he was about to give the position?
# DRUNK MAX I think the red bull team gets MAX DRUNK on their liquor before each race any other race, the other drivers would have run him off a mountain he looks and acts as if he strung on something his team is just as crazy - what are they on
Why did Verstappen got 10 seconds penalty? He got 5 before, which is also dumb because both Mercedes and Red Bull accepted the position swith at the restart. I am very confused now. I mean, a tripple punisment for 1 incident that also was corrected 2 times?  Stewards really messed up here and besically robbed Verstappen of 1 point. Because of the 5 seconds penalty he couldn't pit and wasn't able to maintain a 1 point advantage in the championship. Now, not that the second "slap in the face" will hurt him since the gap to Bottas/Ocon was over 24 seconds but still... WHY??  This race was spectacular on its own but I think the entire FIA-crew were having either Jet-Lags or drank too little and couldn't think straight. Anyhow, the last race will be the most  crucial and I foresee a pit-strategy to nail it whoever wins. Lewis and Max are treating us with some excellent racing and the rivalry is fingerlicking good and I am enjoying every part of it. I also think that the engine swap for Mercedes worked very well and was a master plan to do and it's leading to the current situation.  As a Dutch I root for Max, but I also give Lewis credit for the way he fought back on track. Let's strap up guys and gals for next Sunday's race... It'll be one for the history books.
# GHOST OF BRASIL the stewards have failed the drivers  / teams. when they refused to discipline max in Brazil, they set the dangerous precedent for what occurred today.  I am convinced  unless the red bull team is fined severely its only a matter of time before mad max goes over the edge. he is already tip toeing the line and flaunting
Je vous annonce tout de suite que le prochain grand prix de ce week-end lewis hamilton sera champion il à l'Aide  de la fia   Mercedes gl remarqué qui ont jamais de pénalité dans les grands prix😉
Congratulations on your wedding. I'm a Max fan but I always appreciate your analysis because it's from a racers perspective and imo you're always objective.
Great race with awesome racing!! (little 2 much off track though) but a BIG FIA FAILURE!!   Go Max!
A lot has been said that makes a lot of sense. I for one wishes they would bring back more gravel traps and force the drivers to race on the circuit. However, the critical factor for which there is incontrovertible evidence, is Max's braking causing Lewis to punt him. I don't care how frustrated Max might have been as Lewis was only trying to do the same, i.e., not be in front at the next DRS. That was an immature (and potentially dangerous) move. I also agree with the other poster who said, given the tire situation (the result of team choices before all the contretemps), Hamilton would have won. Max's tires had definitely gone south with 10 or so laps to go.
Yes max is aggressive. But Lewis isn’t without fault in a couple of situations here
Hamilton shouldnt' have loitered on the grid. Bottas shouldn't have slowed down when he had verstappen behind, however that Verstappen did in this race and other races is utterly disgraceful. He's simply dangerous. He complained about Hamilton when hamiton made a mistake at Silverstone but his overtakes aren't mistakes - they're missiles and quite deliberate.
you have been biase ...always..so get lost...
Congrats on the marriage! Great breakdown of this F1 crazyness
Cmon scott you have more integrity than to actual post that title amd thumb nail.  Your saying a proffesional racing driver deliberatly did that? Be ashamed of yourself..  Verstappen yielded to hamilton in silverstone for god sake.. he gave hamilton 5METERS to the apex and hamilton still couldnt fit a 2 meter wide car in  that gap.  Youve turned from an unbiased unsensationalising view point to exactly that.. more annoyingly the latter.. unsub and enjoy social media.
Congrats on getting married! Legend for making this vid!
Just to save your marriage.
Congratulations...
Congrats! wish you a lifetime of happiness together!
Hamilton simply loves to rear-end
Vettel was given a 10-sec stop and go for hitting Ham. in Baku 2017. Tha same should be for Ham.
Fun to watch that one - MV not helping his cause with bad attitude.
Oh dear you’ve joined the queue to lose half you stuff when her butterflies die off. Get a good lawyer and I hope for your sake your said offspring are genetically yours get a sneaky dna test just so you aren’t taken for a total mug.
7:25 brakes were applied right after he was instructed to give the spot back. Same as on lap 42, the difference this time was for some reason Hamilton was trying to draft Verstappen knowing full well he was going to get the spot.   Hamilton was the rear car and had miles of room on the inside. Just a mistake by Hamilton.
Call him by his propee name crashverstappen
# DRUG TEST I think DRUG TESTING THE RED BULL team should occur daily starting with MAX ( including in his sleep)
at the end of the day Max really needs to grow up, he should have wone this Championship by now, but he has let Lewis get to him. I fear for the final race, I fear it could be another Senna Prost.
#sackmasi
Congratz on the marriage
Verstappen wins if neither of them finish. Senna-Prost 1990 all over again. Verstappen is probably pretty frustrated and he's clearly not going to be giving any ground in a winner take all race. Abu Dhabi is much more dangerous for Hamilton than for Verstappen since Verstappen has one additional scenario to win the drivers' championship and that is that neither finish.
Lewis is make a yoke of the collision with max he said first max is slowing down he tought it was yellow, 1st lie, 2nd lie he did not understand wath max was doing 3th lie he said breaktest, he was gear down under breaking, still th steward give the penalty to the driver who was hit, is fia mercedes, it look like it.
Verstappan simply isn't at Hamilton's level
Congrats on the wedding. Restart no 1 you are absolutely wrong. HAM at turn 1 was way ahead and was breaking to make the apex and was not pushing VES out. VES knew he was gonna brake late cause there’s an overrun area. What if there was a wall there then where would VES go? Into the wall???
These issues would be resolved if they used no more runoff areas and used gravel traps at ALL tracks. Also, the FAI need to use the same stewards for consistency.
No worries, I got the message. Im not gonna subscribe. Stay strong !
Thanks again for a calm and well thought out video. And congrats on your wedding!
That merc is unbeatable, how much freaking damage did 44 take throughout the race. I admire Max's determination even if it's somewhat too much I'm loving the battle.
great unbiased analysis as always!
8:10 wait i missd this part in the race completely. I thought that giving back the position and then passing again was  %100 okay?
Tanti auguri e lunga vita insieme!
After years watching quick cars following each other around a track, F1 is finally worth it to watch.  The Max factor is creating the impulse F1 so desperately needs. Now let them race!
he did not brake check. he was trying to give position back as he was ORDERED. and the ham went full confusion mode. and then went full victim mode.
I love your commentaries. Amazing. Congrats on your marriage!
Congrats mate! All the best for you and your wife.
Everyone frustrated at the stewards. Way I see it, both drivers need to stop with the bullshit and stop putting themselves in the stewards hands.
If it helps I say thank you to your wife for letting us borrow you for the video. I was waiting for your analysis, you give such great explications and have no clear bias.
@Driver61 I’ll subscribe  and give you advice…change that wall paper. 😂🤣😂.   Best wishes.
Congratulations.
Max’s second start was bad cuz of Hamilton leaving a to big gap, which starte the chaos
Max got robbed bigtime, Fiamilton should be embarrassed
Hamilton cannot risk overtaking Verstappen on the inside as Verstappen will simply turn in and squeeze him leaving Hamilton no way of avoiding a crash……..At least by going around the outside Hamilton has a chance to avoid Verstappen’s attempts to crash into him at every overtaking opportunity
First and foremost congrats on your marriage. The whole weekend was a FIA disaster, which was then topped off by the two title rivals headbutting it out instead of racing. Both drivers crossed lines they shouldn't have crossed, altough there is a feeling Max is penalised harshly while Lewis's behaviour is not looked at in much detail. This will not end well in Abu Dhabi, it just won't happen. The only way Max can still win this is by driving a lonely dominant race and winning (not going to happen btw), every clash they have will end in Lewis's favour. It's a shame an epic season like this boils down to FIA inability to manage their drivers and letting things escalate this badly
Congrats !!
Fiancée: “… why Saudi Arabia for our honeymoon? Isn’t that strange?”
Congrats! God Bless your union!
This channel is secretly funded by Jos Verstappen. Guy just made an excuse for every single egregious move Max made this weekend, like he does after every race 🤦‍♂️
Your analysis is BS
I still find it strange that Hamilton did not pass Verstappen when he slowed down. And the arguments that he was confused and/or did want to cross the drs line first also does not make any sense. The are many reasons for a car to slow down, like all kinds of techincal problems. And that happens all the time.  In all the years (since mid 90's) that I have been watching F1, I have never seen a F1 driver slow down and stay behind another car that also slows down, being confused and thinking, hmm I wonder what's going on? No they say thank you, and pass.  But maybe Lewis did not want to go over the drs line first. Why not? He was faster and could get in front of Verstappen. And yes, maybe Verstappen then could overtake Lewis again. And then Lewis would be second. But he was second allready! So what has he got to lose? Or in other words, what has he got to gain by staying behind?
Spot on.
All I can say now after being glued to the antics in the race is to have them level on points after 22 races is amazing for us and a showdown at the last race.  If they both finish I will be surprised
The FIA did everything in its power to let Hamilton win, and it started before the race by not giving Hamilton  a 5 place grid penalty like they did to Verstapen one race before. No penaltys for Hamilton (and Bottas) for deliberately driving slow behind the safety car. Need I go on?
Max is just a dirty racer.  Pure and simple.
Congratulations, but don't beg.  And if you're married, shave your neck, friend.
Verstappen and Red Bull remind me of Donald Trump with the lies they’ve been telling. “I was off the racing line” or “Hamilton should also get 5sec because he didn’t make the corner” when in reality Verstappen pushed him off, …  You can always argue about who should have done what or what the intententions of the drivers were, but this is just ridiculous. They see footage and pretend the opposite of what everybody can see.   There is no common basis of facts they accept.
When Max went off I think he could have re-entered the track by turning more down track closer to the wall.  As it was he entered and went to the other side of the track.  I would not consider this a "safe" re-entry.
So after watching a few videos on this. I feel like the Fia is not helping with the drivers frustrations. They are adding to them. Which I don’t think should be happening if the fia was clear and had repeatable calls that didn’t contradict each other as they have done so so often in the past and in particular this race specifically
Congratulations! What an awesome couple all the best!
Max ahead of Hamilton . Fia: ILLEGAL!!!!!Park your car and let Lulu past immediatly , also +15 seconds on your race.
I am unsubscribing
Congrats! Sorry, can’t sub again!
Congrats
The onboard views tells you that Max is not breaking but shifting down to lower gears, and so is Lewis, so no way this is a brake test, especially when Lewis is also shifting to lower gears slowing down his car. He didn't wanted to pass. A few rounds later the same happens and Lewis passes easily. Max got 4 penalties this race, Lewis none. There's something fishy going on...
If we go back to the race where Verstappen parked his car on top of Hamilton, the penalty for this behavior should have been a loss of 25 Point's. In this Race he also got away to easy.! We can ask.! Why didn't Mercedes play Dirty in this situasion.? They could let Bottas have a nice accident behind the safty car so the race would end behind it.!.?
Congratulations, hope you get your 10k subs, wouldn't like to hear your marriage ended quickly. Cheers.
Dude, I’ve subscribed. We don’t need a domestic to interfere with quality analysis. Keep up the good work & congratulations. I completely agree with your take on the race, Max was far too hyped (understandable), Lewis was getting narked (understandable), clean racing went out the window. Let’s get back to honest, safe, wheel to wheel racing with respect for your opponent. It’s not football, you don’t have to hate the opposition, in fact you NEED to respect your opponent, lives are at stake.
Congratulations 🎊 👏 💐
The mistake is done by f1 broadcasting masi's comms to the world
Precise analysis as usual!! Great video! Missing Charlie Whiting a lot! Michael Masi should be called Michael Messy!
Thank you for letting us share in your special day! 🎊🎊✨✨ May the years ahead be filled with love and joy! God bless you both 🙏
I heard somebody joke before the race how, remarkably, drivers are able to stay within limits when the track is lined with walls.  Additionally comical is how often the few sections without a wall marking the track limit were breached.
I think both were lucky not to be DSQ’ed. They knew where they were on the track and didn’t want to be the first over the DRS line. They engaged in a dangerous bit of gamesmanship on a track with many fast, blind corners. If Ocon or a back market had come up the results could’ve been devastating. In that moment neither was worthy of becoming champion.
go hard or go home and congrats mate, i wish you the best on your next journey through life
i just liked the image of toto going full angry german gamer.
I was waiting for this video even before Hamilton said something about brake testing :D
From the picture it looks short Marriage.  All the best to you both. Nice videos
congratulations getting merried!
Overtaking twice off the track at t1 and t2, and a 2.4g deceleration while looking in his mirror, Max is a naughty boy
Brave man recording on your honeymoon. I understand the time crunch to be relevant, but your never gonna live this one down. Congratulations none the less.
You won me over. I am now subscribed! Congratulations to you and your bride!
Dude if your wife is threatening your marriage already because of the number of subscriptions get out now.  The demands will only get more ridiculous. P.S. make sure she keeps the house spotless and supper should be ready when you come home. Jokes aside Congratulations.  💖💖💖
That became ridiculous. Stewards give everything to ham. he pushes Max out, Max gets penalty, he crashes into Max, gets nothing, speeds in double yellow.. again nothing, unlike Max. This weekend is 100% proof that merc and FIA are corrupt
After all the shenanigans Merc pulled during the race, max was ethically correct if he had brake checked Lewis. But he didn’t. He slowed down for very smoothly and pulled to the right. How much slower do you people need him to go?  Edit: There was a gap that Lewis didn’t go for. I believe there’s a quote about this kind of thing.
Some goods comments here. FIA is mainly to blame due to their decision making. BOT slowing a lot during first VSC should be investigated as well as notorious HAM’s late joining of cars ahead during the formation lap with incentive to let cool everyone’s tires/brakes i.e. his “good” start in Barcelona.  Also his statement about being confused by VER slowing cannot be an excuse and I don’t understand how this was penalised. Ffs this is racing, if he insist to stay behind despite no yellows - ok. But should not be so surprised as the deceleration was steady also including downshift from both drivers. VER was also accused of changing line while doing so but this proofed not to be true. So much bias here..
Max is going to do everything possible, and Lewis as well, to win this. I think within 1 second it was clear to Lewis what Max’s idea was (7 time champion and current Goat) and he didn’t want to take it (can’t blame him!). I think Max was then pissed and braked to force Lewis to do something/anything. It just happened to coincide with Lewis getting back on the throttle and then unable to evade.   Max shouldn’t have braked like that, clearly. But Lewis should have passed him. Is there any rule to say about this? If you slow down drastically to give position back and you brake/don’t take it? I don’t know. But the FIA also f’d up the situation by not being clear if it’s ok to overtake immediately after giving a position, before even making it to a corner. I think they have said no in the past.   Max’s penalty could have been more severe, they got away with that. But I hope the FIA talks to both teams. I understand the gamesmanship like Lewis leaving a massive gap, it was allowed in that specific situation. But I really hope this final race is cleaner than this…
They changed his Gearbox and Red Bull got away with it because FIA
I'm a fan of racing, not drivers. But Lewis and Max make the sport interesting. Without one or the other, the sport would be a one-trick-pony. As for this incident: Why did Lewis crash into Max? You're there to overtake, not crash into people. Brake check or not (of course not, that's ludicrous) a racing driver's first instinct should be "PASS THAT CAR" not "CRASH INTO THAT CAR".  Lewis should get a €50k penalty for touching Max's rear.
Sorry but I don't buy the fact that Lewis  was confused by Max slowing down. He's to experienced,  knew Max overtook him outside the track therefore will have to give back  that position. He knew Max is letting him pass by but he didn't want to do it in very inconvenient track position. Max didn't do anything  wrong,  Lewis caused an incident and wasn't penalized for that 🤔
I wonder how many crashes next race will have
For arguments sake, if Lewis didn't know he was going to be given the position back, why would he down shift and slow down behind verstappen? Who's to say Verstappen didn't have a mechanical failure... as a racing driver Lewis should have taken any opportunity to fly past, by slowing and down shifting unnecessarily, i think Lewis was to blame for the collision, he didn't want the position back, he wanted the advantage from DRS, so to say that Verstappen is 'over the line' as a driver is, in my opinion, a petty mind game, showing that he's losing his hold, and feeling the pressure.
i would love to see  bottas shoving max off the track or better crashing into max and take him out in round 1
Great video. As a F1 fan for over 15 years, I hope that Hamilton wins the championship. Max’s unsportsmanlike behaviour does not deserve to win championships.   It’s clear, Max does not know what racing is and thinks that he can do whatever is in his power to gain or defend positions. He even defines the racing track himself. This race of him was really over the limit!
Max got such a bad start cus lewis was slowing down so much behind him, so his tyres were way colder than lewis
Congratulations on your marriage. I wish you and your wife the happiest of times together.
congrats to ya marridge always awesom; me: subscribed for long time
If he wanted to brake check Hamilton to do costly damage, Hamilton would not have been able to continue racing and win.
Biased AF
So many times Mad-Max tried to ruin Lewis's race which i havent seen for years since the Schumacher days 👊🏻
Max the slaughter
I can only hope for the slimy gut to fallout of next race. They have been muttering about whole season. And FIA is just a circus.
So turns out that Hamilton accelerated. Well FIA have to relook but they will backup Mercedes again one way or another.
Don't see no wedding ring.
On a track on a public road the car behind is at fault if they rear end you  Hamilton must be totally blind not to see max slowing to let him pass its not max fault if Hamilton team is not on the ball
verstapen gona win the champion   one race for one champion  its like senna never loose and always fight  and push to the limit hamilton cant follow  him
Summary: Verstappen got 3 penalties for one incident and Hamilton got a meaningless warning for his unsportsmanlike incident and also got nothing for smashing up Ocon. Total favoritism. You also forgot to talk about Hamilton going further than 10 car lengths behind Verstappen forcing Verstappen's brakes and tires to cool in an unfair way.
Two penalties for one error...that's what you call justice!
congratulations! wish you and your bride many happy years and lots of healthy little racers.
Max is just over doing things, calm down!!
I have a question, I thought after the incident with Hamilton giving the place back to Raikkonen and then overtaking him straight away back in 2008 that the rule was you had to allow a corner before attempting to re-overtake, so this would mean that Verstappen broke that rule !
One of the most rounded and fair sum ups/reviews of the race I've seen 👍
Why you call Max by Verstappen and Hamilton by Lewis? Passive agressive of true brit
I think Mercedes made a big mistake doing a double pitstop after Schumacher’s crash. Bottas should have stayed out.
This race was simply painful.
Max Mad is very dangerous driver😇
You could have also mentioned that Ham was warned for pushing Crash Verstappen off, but Crash received no such warning once for his two occasions or not even attempting to make corners.
Congrats!
What I dont understand is how the FIA ignore that even Hamilton did slow down, you can even hear it on the onboard.  Yes, that it even comes to this situation was a lot (FIA being too weak on penalties). Verstappen was told to give back position, he slows down, on the left there was ENOUGH space to pass. Of course Verstappen starts to shake and wiggle when Hamilton doesnt pass. Whats he supposed to do? He had to give it back. Of course Mercedes can refuse right before DRS section, but then it should be "Verstappen offered swap, Hamilton didnt accept, resume to race".   It was multiple wrongs leading to this situation, but you wouldnt blame your Partner for being on the toilet, resulting in you being late, after wrecking your car on the way to work. Its a new situation.
Congratulations on your wedding but please don't beg for subs/likes.
But question still remains on why Masi threatened Mercedes with the black and white flag for Hamilton after he ran Max wide on the hairpin. According to the 'let them race' philosophy that has ruled the season it was just 'hard racing'.
Let’s all go into Lewis’ mind for a minute. He sees Max not going as fast as he should be, he hasn’t been told that he’s given up the position. Max on numerous occasions has ran Lewis off the track so Lewis is being more cautious than normal thinking Max is up to something. Max for reasons unknown to human kind decides to slam on his brakes at a force of 2.6g knowing full well Lewis is behind him. So in my mind Lewis was none the wiser as to what Max was up too. Race control should of informed Mercedes *first* that Max was to concede the position. Let’s face it, Max has proven that he’s a driver that will not back down of an overtake, and a driver that will not allowed to be overtaken. There’s being a hard but fair driver, and then there is being dangerous and selfish with no regards to the rules of the sport. Max falls into the latter which is a shame because he doesn’t have to be a dirty driver with how quick he is. He needs to take a long hard look at being a sportsman rather than thinking he is in a banger race.
Looks like this weekend you were Driver69
One thing nobody talks about: if Hamilton didnt know about the position swap, why the hell didnt he pass Verstappen when he slowed down?? Hes racing right?
1. Hamilton didnt pushed max off.  lewis was already ahead of max more then whole car length, how can he push max ? what happened actually is Max break so late and then went ahead with the off road track to gain position back . he deliberately chose to overtake lewis off the track.  2. its clear max stopped suddenly just for DRS.  ita not something that happened unintentionally, for him the spot was important so that when lewis goes ahead he can immediately get DRS and overtake. Again this guy showes a total lack of maturity / temperament when slowing down so abruptly not thinking that the guy behind is too close to break. thats the whole issue with this guy he doesn't give a shit about others safety. even on a normal road we check the mirrors twice to see if anybody is behind, but Max was only thinking about the DRS advantage. im 101% sure he wont change at all
In a normal racing scenario, Hamilton would have passed the driver in front of him if the opportunity presented itself.  I think Hamilton knew exactly what was going on and should be penalized for not attempting to pass. RB should not have had to give the position back if Hamilton refused to pass.
The stewards said he did from the telemetry. 69bar and 2.4g deceleration. Along with the 10 second penalty he got 2 points on his super licence
Most of this would have been avoided if they got rid of the stupid rule that allows tyre changes under a red flag! If Max had to make his pit-stop then Lewis could have just chilled and Max wouldn't be trying to run people off the road but because you can make the tyre change it causes carnage! I'm not particularly  a Lewis fan either before you fan boys start kicking off, I just personally believe that tyres should not be allowed to be changed under a red flag conditions unless they are in a dangerous state, same with other repairs to the cars, should only be allowed to be made if its a safety concern 🏎 Next week is going to be mega, just hope it's not spoilt by one of them throwing their Teddy out the pram
Love your work, Congrats!
Can someone share the discord link pls? I cant use the one given in the discription or comment section
So who wins if they wreck each other in turn 1 lap 1 in Abu Dhabi? Think of something like what happened in Monza.
All the way around, this race was an embarrassment.
Congratulations for the marriage, wish you the best!
Good analysis but I'm a little surprised by the lack of comment on Bottas and Hamilton antics under SC and right before the first restart. I would have also liked to see some further comments on Verstappen giving Hamilton position on 3 separate occasions while still getting a 5 second time penalty. Felicitaciones con el matrimonio, enjoy your honeymoon!
enjoy hoolidays and good luck... nice to listen you all time, hope that we can talk one day
both out was a bether situation then now fore verstappen
I subscribed, but she has to give you permission to watch the last race, all fp's, quali AND OF COURSE the race!
Max tried to let him pass, but if he had continued, he would have had to slow down a second time to allow Lewis to overtake, which I don't agree with. Lewis was not in a position to decide when to overtake Verstappen and when not to. Verstappen just had the advantage in terms of the timing of the radio call and the location. Taking that advantage away from someone just because you have a disadvantage yourself is not necessarily fair.
Congrats Scott on the marriage !
Congrats on your wedding 🥳🥳🥳
Congrats on getting married. Is there not a penalty for pushing other cars off the rack during corners?
wants 10k subscribers but would rather spend time on his honeymoon than field questions! make your fukcing mind up on what you’re going to do, either do a full job or none at all. Nothing worse than a half-assed job. Don’t expect 10k subscribers when you don’t fully commit yourself and blaming your new wife/marriage/honeymoon is just piss weak
Congratulations!!! Casa de piatra !!!
Love the video dude and congrats on the marriage!  Some feedback: I would've liked the video way more if you gave an answer to the question that's the video title. This feels like an analysis without an actual conclusion. Might just be my preferrence though.  Keep the dedication and the marriage up ;)
Congrats mate ;)
According to the FIA, 2.4g deacceleration. Not a brake check?
F1 drivers are just go-kart racers all grown up. They're sly little bastards deep deep. They pull all the same tricks kids do in karting, except they're PROS at it. This is part of their tremendous talent. If fans understood this, they wouldn't be so hostile toward the stewards. Max has all the trick cheek but none of the track etiquette. He's still an infant as a mental driver, and so are Red Bull as an organization. Whiny little infants.
I like your joke..... Did you just say it might be a very short marriage if you dont get 10k votes up??😂
Congrats man! I wish you a happy life .. and happy wife😄. Thank you as always for your comments and perspective. Cheers!  🏁  🍾
Pure corruption...  If this incident was between any other 2 drivers on the grid it wouldn't be the driver of car that got nailed from behind receiving a penalty.
FIA.....what ever helps Lewis
Ham was preparing a slipstream attack, and Stappy braked unexpectadly for Hammie. Nothing more to it.
Shouldn't Bottas have received a penalty? Just curious, anyone can chime in.
Max is over the limit. Expects all other drivers to get out of his way and leaves no space for others. It's a joke. He's a great talent but needs to learn. And as for anyone suggesting Hamilton left Verstappen no space, he simply gave Max a taste of his own medicine and the fault lies squarely at the feet of the FIA who set the precedent after not penalizing MV after Sao Paulo. You can't force drivers off the track and expect to keep your place. What a joke. Want LH to win this now. Too many injustices.
Your 'new' wife? What does that even mean LOL. Good vid man!
Mmm. Lucky lady. Congrats bro!
Bin DRS
Congratulations to you and your new wife, may you both truly have a blessed and loving life together.
If you're going to title a video with a question, at least try to answer the question. This was an overview of the race, not a dive into the incident named in the title. There is a difference between making a title enticing and making it click bait. This video, you went for the latter.
DRS shouldn’t be enable if this kind of things happen on track. Great drive from Lewis calm and compose. What a move from Valtteri at last steal my heart ❤️.
Congratulation on your wedding, best wishes from Türkiye
Congratulations on your marriage, Scotty!
MV is totally out of order. Losing control of your car (running off the track because you take the corner too fast) is not racing. It is obvious that MV, leading the championship, was looking to take out LH and would have been delighted if they both ended up in the rails. He will probably be looking to do the same at the next race because if he does, he will win the championship because he has won more races than LH this season; a ridiculous situation which, together with so many disappointing elements of F1, is p…… me off.
I am pulling for Max even more after seeing Mercedes have a temper tantrum because everything didn’t go completely their way even though it did eventually.  Congrats on getting married!!
Congratulation enjoy your life
wauw..... know how the boss is @home
highlight of the whole weekend was Lewis Verstappening Verstappen into T27 and then red bull having the cheek to complain about it  you reap what you sow in formula 1 and red bull don’t seem to like that
If Max had an engine issue and Hamilton crashes into him after Max leaves more than enough space, Max still would get the penalty. I'm so over this bullshit.
Congrats on your wedding!
Ofcours it's frustrating for all the fans of Lewis, you and who?
Max-it was ok in brazil so its ok in this race?
Not exactly the topic, but it might have led to all this. The whole season Max is pushing like 120% all the time. Lewis is pushing like 105% and if he need to goes to 120% and is like 5-6 tenth faster as the Red Bull's. This whole "keeping it close" thing i'm pretty sure is just kind of a show, and I think it's pretty obvious what happens in Abu Dhabi. I fully understand the desperation of Max, to know that you are better, but your car is just not enough. With that in mind, I hope that 2022 will change a little and bring all the teams somewhat more together, so that we can have more than two different winners, unless something spectacular happens. Thanks for your time.
It's not even racing anymore. Just stewards telling the drivers when to pass and penalizing defending your position and making aggressive passes
No he was trying to demand he was to pass so he could get him back in the next drs section.
Congrats Sir! 👍 Now go spend time with your wife… We’ll be here when you get back! 😉
If u don't make ur own engine u should not even be in the sport...  That's like an entertainer calling himself herself a rapper with a ghost writer lmao...
Turn two is not a passing corner tho so why does Lewis need to leave space … drivers know when they’re out of position … max was out of position yet took the turn anyways. Like always he had no intention of makin the corner
Congrats!!
You say hami pushed max off track? lol he didn’t, max choose to drive off track. Anyways after the Brazil GP that’s allowed no? lol what bullshit
Yep 🤷‍♂️
Gloves off, and away they go
Max=cheat
Woooww @driver61 you did forget to tell why Verstappen had a bad start from pole with the restart. I mean if you are trying to make it fair and square you should mention both mercedes cars trying to stall what resulted in cold tires for Max.
I wish you to hqve a nice and happy wedding.... all the best and lots of happiness
What stood out to me most is that Lewis’s instinct when he sees a car slowing in front of him is to barrel into the back of it rather than pass to the left. Just lame!
Congrats on your marriage.
Big congrats scott
Ofcours when Max pushing someone of the track it is wrong but if Lewis does it he has nothing wrong.
It was right Max Verstappen got the five second penalty as Lewis awhile back at Spa was deemed to have done that (I disagree on that) and got I think a stop and Go for it when he was in the lead. The law needs to laid down to Verstappen, he seems to think the rules only apply to other drivers and not him.
no matter what you think of Lewis and Max... I'm happy that these two are pushing f1 into the mainstream. It feels like f1 has never been more relevant in worldwide sports.
I honestly don't trust F1 results any more.  The Stewarts ( referees ) involved themselves way too much with results of these races.  Let the driving on track be .  Racers will race.
Congratz
Congrats on your marriage!
Congratulations sir.  Best wishes for you and the Mrs. 😎.
Congratulations man! Wish you an awesome married life.
In the post race press conference Lewis said he didn't want to overtake max before the drs line. Therefore he knew max was slowing.  Neither driver deserved a penalty.
what do you make of Masi warning Mercedes about running another car wide rather than referring the incident to the stewards?
Congratulations on your marriage!
FIA has made F1 in to a poor shot show sponsored by Mercedes …  last race was a perfect example 🤮🤮🤮
Max's 2G braking is twice the slowing rate of a street car in a full on panic ABS stop.  That's a long way from lifting to let someone pass.
Your first conclusion is wrong!
Can't wait for Max to take out Lewis in Abu Dhabi.
Congratulations on your marriage 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
Congratulations! 🎉 And thank you for another great job on this video 👌🏾😎🇳🇱  P.S. The collaboration with Donut was awesome 👏🏾
Congrats on the marriage
Congrats on your marriage ❤️
This GP was such a shitshow
No one to blame but the FIA, the way they apply the rules sometimes by the book and sometimes by the interpretation of whatever the stewart is. It's just complete caos, imagine a tennis match doing the same thing, or any other sport for that matter.
Verstappen does not when to cut back-only the real Champignon Hamilton knows! Just dumbly pushing gets you in the walls.
Great video; fair to both drivers. There's a lot of venom going back and forth - between fans more than between the actual drivers, which always strikes me as a bit odd as the drivers are playing a game that the fans aren't even participating in, so why is it always the fans who get the most venomous..? I digress. Overall, I think the key lesson is that this track is not suited for F1 racing yet and we found out the hard way. This caused a massively confusing and frustrating, almost farcical race. Here's hoping next week will be better.
They were both trying to get DRS and they are both at fault.
I just subscribed you because..its request from your wife...to continue this marriage 😜
Get in there Scott 💪
Congrats! Hope you analyze the incidents in detail some time in the future.
One very important thing you conveniently left out before the "brake check." Both drivers were downshifting for several hundred yards so Lewis should not have been surprised. Max was clearly off the accelerator and downshifting to force Lewis to pass, but Lewis, instead of taking the position (as he likely hadn't been yet told was happening) he also slowed down, causing max to basically try to come to a stop to *force* Lewis to pass him. Lewis was insistent on not passing Max near the detection zone so he ran into Max. What if max had a mechanical issue? I guarantee Lewis would have gone around him zero questions. It was intentional to stay behind max and he paid the price. But that's a racing incident that I blame on the stewards' poor communication.  Nobody has ever addressed what happens if you try to give a position back and the other team says "mmm this isn't convenient for us so give it back later." Maybe they need a specific turn or ultimatum to give the position back at or by if you don't like RB trying to do it at the detection or Mercedes refusing it because it was at the detection.  It's like that driver who drives in your blind spot whether you speed up or slow down. The only way to make them go by is to come to a near stop until they pass. I understand Max's frustration at the pretty clear uneven judgment. He tried to give the position back as he was told and instead he got rear ended. Then when he was 2+ seconds up, they told him to give the position back, so he slowed down to let Lewis catch up. Then after giving the position back as instructed, he *still* got a penalty as if he never gave it back.  It's clear that they need to go to on-board blackboxed penalty issuance for things like leaving the road and get away from this idea of having humans pick and choose the punishment and dole them out seemingly arbitrarily.
Being a realist Max really had no way to win on Mediums for that long.
Crazy how much Max gets away with on a regular basis, at least he got a penalty for once
Max needs to go to Formula E where his disgusting unsafe driving habits will be applauded .
From my perspective.  Hamilton pushes folks off track all the time.  He can't get mad, when it's done in return!
If I ran someone from behind with my car it would have been my error. Lewis should have been the grown up here and should have overtaken. Instead he is lucky not too loose the race. Awesome summary.
Both at fault for me, Lewis should have just went by him instead of Lewis himself slowing down behind him
Congratulations!!
First of Congrats with your wedding. I wish you all the best to you and your wife. Second a little note, it feels to me like you overlooked the part at the first restart. Hamilton created a big gap between him self and Verstappen. This gave Verstappen the disadvantage of colder tyres which. This could have influenced his restart.  Other then that a great video explaining the facts.
Got my sub. And congrats to you and your wife!
I really hope Netflix invites you one day to explain things this for Drive To Survive ! You deserve m8
when giving a place back ,  it has to be for at least one turn. b4 trying to take it back,  not at the very next bend
Congratulations on your website
3.58 max has a bad start because of hat Ham takes more then 10 car lenghts to the start and so max tires are not on tempature anymore. That was not fair from ham.
Congrats man and all the best to you and your wife👊🏿👍🏿💯
So no penalty for Bottas clearly slowing under speed with safety car? Not even a second look at it?   No look into Leclerc clearly not conceding and hitting Perez? For a governing body that looks at literally everything, I'm a little surprised that 2 issues that gave Mercedes the championship and the constructors doesn't even get an eye batted at it. FIA is pathetic. Bottas deserves a 5 second penalty for intentional slowing and give 3rd place to Ocon.
Not very fair to only punish max in this race when lewis did many questionable things, like ramming max from behind with no reason. What would`ve happen if lewis broke the car that moment? max probably DSQ or banned or some silly stuff. I don`t care who wins this championship anymore, they both played dirty all season, including bottas this race slowing max down without any penalty. A JOKE. hope they crash eachother out in the final race, that would be the end we all deserve.
The Mercs were busy with their engineers during their communication of overtake and it seems Toto wants FIA or RB to pay for his mistake
What about Bottas almost driving into Max on the first restart?  Max excaped it narrowly by driving outside Lewis.  This was the second similar incident in 1 season.  Coincidence?
Did anyone actually read the telemetry and watch the crash? It's been shown that Lewis actually accelerated into Max, while Max was perfectly steady on the brakes, I have no idea where did the Stewart get their infos from, but on all videos on the crash you can see Lewis accelerating first.
No point in RED Bull turning up next weekend,    you are obviously not allowed to overtake Sir Lewis
The whole Micheal Massi thing is being blown well out of proportion. It's literally the same thing as the FIA ordering max to give the spot back mid race, except it was during a red flag. In race conditions, if you fail to give the spot back, you get a penalty. That's the offer. Give it up or penalty. It always has been.
In all honesty the turn one incident you go on about lewis pushing max wide is trash . Was it Lewis's corner or not 🤔 max should of backed out and followed behind same as turn 27. But when does max ever backout knowing he hasn't conceeded the corner never .
As I was watching live, I could hear Lewis downshifting in the onboard. He knew Max was slowing down. The only reasonable explanation seemed to be Lewis thought Max saw a yellow flag that Lewis missed. Otherwise, he would've taken action to move around 33. I've watched F1 drivers miss objects and thought "how did he react so fast?" Lewis does it all the time. It seems to me that Hamilton had a momentary lapse of judgement for whatever reason which places blame squarely on him for running into Max. Verstappen did what he was told.
It doesn’t matter, Lewis has won the championship already
Congratulations newly wed! enjoy your break, love your videos
What a mad mad race!!! Congratulations on your wedding!!
Hamilton was being greedy when he decided to not overtake even when max offered plenty of space to overtake, he just didn’t want to end up using his DRS. Masi says the Merc were told about the plan earlier ; it was toto who was at fault for miscommunication or the FIA but one thing is for sure that Max paid for both of their mistakes
Kind of laughable how everyone is talking about Verstappens poor restart but noone about the fact that ham took 8 s of max being stationary to line up next to him at the restart. Max reacted to the lights faster, just hamilton had better tier temps.
Congrats on getting married! My time comes 17th of December, so very soon!
Congrats on your marriage! 💫 Good wishes and a healthy future to you and your wife!
Congratulations may Allah bless you and your wife a great marriage
Either congratulations on having the most understanding new *wife*  You're clearly very lucky. Or... Commiserations on one of the shortest marriage's ever, but thanks for the dedication to your channel 🕺
Hamilton willing to push other drivers off the track? Ha,ha you are funny. Not other drivers,only Verstapen,because he is doing to Verstapen the same thing that Verstapen was doing to him from the start of this season.
It’s strange to me that more people aren’t finished with verstappens on track antics. He continues to push over the limits every race because he knows that if Lewis and himself crash that max wins the championship. Why are people okay with that? Do you hate Hamilton that much that you don’t care how he’s beaten? I would be upset if my favorite driver which is lando resorted to those driving standards. I really want to understand this. Also congratulations!!!
Congrats for both and best wishes! Wasnt It frustating to see this Race? Thank you for explaining both perspectives. I cant stop the feeling that something is not right With F1 atm. If a driver cant drive agressively without carnage, racing becomes highly predictable and the fun just desapears, specially for those who love watch great racing.
Congrats!
Congrats for the ring! And thnx for another great video. ;)
When Max blocked Lewis from overtaking on the outside and from making the corner, this obviously was due to him being led to believe that Brazil was racing as Masi let him get off scott-free and agreed with RB to let them race. Masi is the route cause of Max's dirty driving. From giving RB the red flag offer, Brazil, and not communicating fast enough with the re-pass and how it should be conducted.
Congratulations on your marriage. Always love your insight. Even as a Verstappen fan, I thought this race wasn’t his best behaviour. But to be honest, it wasn’t for Hamilton either (though less than Max). The only reason I was puzzled by is the waiting behind Verstappen. It was either not being told or not wanting to give DRS. It sounds strange if it’s both. I also had the feeling that yes, they want a tie for the last race, but they also worded the 10 second time penalty with most to blame for Max, but not wholly, like it was worded in the Silverstone verdict.
Congratulations Scott!
MAX IS A SPOILED CHILD AND SO IS HIS FATHER!!!!
Many congratulations on your marriage mate🥂💐, what do you have to say about sportsmanship of Mercedes' drivers leading unnecessarily slowly up to the grid? Amongst all the chaos ensued, almost every one forgot this. Bottas was also playing ball to Hamilton's mind games
Congratulations to you and your new wife, the race was just nuts and very stressfull to watch.
Bottas held up max for more than 12seconds when the first safetycar was out. The FIA is doing a poor job in my oppinion , why would you ever NOT overtake max when he is slowing down ? thats just a penalty bait.
So you going to say he didn't brake check Lewis when the stewards had all the data.
Maxs is a dirty dangerous driver and will end up killing someone
>>>.  MACX DRIVES LIKE A ASS <<<
Max was letting him pass and idc if lewis new or not if u see someone slowing down and moving to the side UR SUPPOSED TO MOVE OUT OF THE WAY BUT LEWIS DIDENT CUZ HES DUMB AND HIT INTO HIM AND MICHEAL MASSI IS A LITTLE SH AND GIVES THE PEN TO HIM
No
I usually do not comment on Youtube videos but this one is specially for you!! Congratulations to both of you. Stay happy, stay healthy.
Congratulations on your marriage, hope you and your better half had a lovely day.
I follow MotoGP,  but even I'm finding the end of this F1 season a thriller! Looking forward to the finale!
Congratulations!
Did Verstappen brake check Hamilton? : Answer , No ! , Hamilton didn't want to pass before the DRS zone.
I thought there is a reg that states a driver should not gain an advantage (or something to that effect) when giving back a position.
earned a sub from me... I love your pure racing analysis without getting bothered too much by the controversies... congrats on the marriage and Im looking forward to your videos on the end of this season and the next season
Anybody who thinks Max’s driving was acceptable needs to give their head a shake. He needs to understand he sometimes should lose a battle to win the war.
Did Verstappen get the penalty from turn 1 or because he retook the position after giving back?
Im here for all the Comments :D
8:33 I wonder why Hamilton did not get a penalty for driving Verstappen out of the track. (Give room to race) that is unfair. Congratulations to your both on the wedding :)
I no longer care who wins the championship. I'm just happy to see fun exciting racing with a couple teams and drivers giving absolutely everything possible to win.
I think it's shitty to have any specific rule in regards to giving back the place. To me, after the dude is in front, you can overtake him again no questions asked
Verstappen doesn't need someone to crash into because he's crash bandicoot and he can do it on his own. Lewis didn't have this problem in previous seasons until mad max came along . You wait until george russel gets in the merc next season. Lewis will have  no worries because the battle will be with those two lunatics !      ps congrats on your wedding ❤
6:40 THANK YOU, I’m getting sick of watching this garbage on track. Yes it’s dramatic, but it’s rubbish wheel to wheel racing. I want to see good fair racing and passing. Ever time they are close to each other it’s 50/50 going to end in a crash or an incident going to the stewards. It’s getting kind of pathetic
congrats for the marriage
FIA think Lewis is good fot F1 , they gonna make him champ again ...but they're wrong !
My view is drivers should not be able to give a place back strategically otherwise you get situations like we saw.  Secondly the driver being given back a place should be told first so he knows it is happening.  Penalties should be given if a driver does not give the place back in good time.  All a bit of a mess from Massi perspective, he hasn’t gained much credibility over the past few races.  Let’s just hope Abu Dhabi is a clean race whoever  wins otherwise we will have a similar situation to Hill and Schumacher and Prost and Senna and that just robs the fans of an honourable race to the title.
Correct analyse, Both drivers take risks and that’s what makes this season perfect.  Congrats
As if they didnt do anything at the limits. Like Lewis delaying on the "not" formation lap, or Bottas delaying on the SC pit entry. And then he gets "confused" and is like "why are they trying to play with us?". Its almost comedic quality like "Why do they have different tyres - You got the right tyres, race is long - But i want the same ones they have!" haha At least Max is straight to it, fighting hard, and not pandering with the crowd in like every interview... And he said not too long ago, he wants to be remembered for more as his titles. Talk is cheap. Take a lesson from Seb, who is doing something off track with the people who are paying the bills every so often.   And is it just me or is it actually so that no other driver has a kind of a Angela Cullen... I mean sometimes i feel a little sorry seeing all this baggage she has on her when following around... lol  And lol yeah a lot of fanboys will be offended by this comment, and its great fun. haha Take it easy kiddos, i am just getting bored by the races and hope next season with the new rules help braking the dominance of certain teams. Its been almost a decade now. A fucking decade... And this "entitled princess" atitude of a certain person is not helping getting through... haha
Good analysis if you want to be safe and appeal to the both sides. I’d personally enjoy more if you’d say your opinion vs trying to be nice to everyone. Verstappen was the one causing all of the issues and not playing fair at all imo. And this is not the first time.
Maxi mistake’s keep getting worse and does not care about safety for the other driver , should be more careful unless he’s trying to get someone killed for a race period 🤡 Lewis get the driver of the day because of safety driving and still attacking when 🤡s trying to take your car out .
Max crash stapen was asked why he has so many accidents he said I will head but somebody if they keep asking me that, what a prick
You said clearly "Lewis was ahead " I rest my case anyone who saw the race will see a total disregard of the rules ...have a good day
To me, it was a miscommunication by the Mercedes guys.
another video on defending hamilton cheating and pushing drivers out of the race
Congratulations with your pretty wife! 😃
watching F1 a few days into your honeymoon? risky :D
In summary that corner was just a straight line for Verstappen
Horner said it wasnt a brake test, Max didnt even brake he said. We will see the telemetry :-)
It’s always gonna be a crazy race for as long as Max has a fast car and drives like a crazy driver.
Congratulations from Germany !
Would have been cool if Hammy didn’t rear end max.  Remember when Hammy ran into Kimi in the pit lane...
Congrats Scott!
4 penalties in a single grand prix = dirty driver end of story
Its funny how they call Lewis a sore loser when Max drives like that, so aggressive and dangerous. Then has the audacity to say penalties shouldn't decide races lol what do you expect when you can't defend fairly and force all your competitors off the track. The stewards have no option but to intervene if you drive like that. Some of his lunges are so outrageous he can't even make the corner properly
two things: the race was not unclear, VER just can’t cope with not getting his own way. Being overtaken? Run the oppo off the road even if doing so means leaving the track. Or overtake offroad. Lewis not taking lead before DRS? Brake to force him, trusting stewards not to penalise. Second thing: if HAM drove the way VER drives, there’d be things said about his being black. VER gets away with it because he looks more like what we’re used to in an F1 driver.
What exactly do you call risk? This is racing at the highest level. The ones that do not risk here should not be here!
Congratulations on the wedding, you have a beautiful wife.  On F1, I see only 1 thing happening in the final race, that will be max crashing into Lewis in a way that ensures both cars are out of the race as that would make max champ with more wins. Lewis will have his work cut out to avoid YET MORE attempted collisions with max. Max’s close quarters race craft leaves a lot to be desired and the stewards are going have to make a stand at some point or it will just get worse, this mainly stems from the silverstone incident where RBR see no fault with max trying to drive through Lewis to make the apex that was not available to him, especially as Lewis was under steering at that point which is why he got the penalty and Horner calls it dirty/deliberate giving max the idea that it’s ok to run others off the road as that’s how he’s driven since that incident.
Max is so aggressive which out right dangerous and tries to overtake when there is no room but still does it making it a dirty overtake each and every time he tries it on Lewis and if Lewis wouldn’t have avoided atleast 4-5 times then both wouldn’t have raced at all .. max is such a dirty driver
In my opinion, Lewis was at fault in all of em and should've received harsh penalties
Congrats on the marriage!
The weak punishment they gave Verstappen for that brake check made me decide I will no longer watch formula one after Abu Dhabi.  If this type of brake checking is allowed or only punished insignificantly I'm no longer interested in this sport.
This guy must be on the payroll for red bull and Max because Max head to head driving has been shocking against Hamilton
Do you think that Lewis taking a long time to position itself on the grid (after the first red flag) have make the tires of Max cool down to much and because of that he (Max) wasn't able to get a good start? Thank you for the video!
Congratulations on your long lasting marriage 🎉🎊🎉🎊🎉
I was crossing my fingers this wouldn't be a boring race... was a real "be careful what you wish for" moment for me
Hamilton made contact with Ocon. Was this worth te be investigated by the stewards?
the race was so hectic that i think everyone forgot that max had a chance of blowing up his gearbox lol
Congratulations with your marriage and enjoy your honeymoon!
Congrats!
I'm sorry this is just BS u didn't say anything new u didn"t give ur opinion about the "brake check" ... just a waste of time lmao
if a driver in front of you slows down for whatever reason, you overtake that car, period..
Lewis saw max braking for around 3 seconds. It’s his fault he crashed into the back of Max. That’s my opinion but Lewis could have easily avoided it and without the awful decisions made max could be on his way to become world champion
congrats on getting married. love this video its a great breakdown
your even take his side when you know he is wrong
Of course not. 100% the fault of Lewis. He should get a race ban for his utterly unsafe driving he could have crashed Max into a barrier and killed him.
The fact that max got punished by the FIA and Hamilton only got a verbal reprimand for intentionally running a driver off the track just lets you know who the FIA is pulling for.
First congratulations on your wedding 🎉🥂.. On the race.. We must not forget that they are racing drivers and not busdrivers... Max has a different style then Lewis but let's be honest.. It was a long time ago that F1 was this exciting.. Lewis has won 6 championships the easy way.. One time he had to fight for it and he lost. But that was his teammate. Now RB finally has a fast car and that doesn't go well with Mercedes and Lewis. Also I don't think it is good for the sport that it is so dominated by the Brits.. We heard Sky F1 talk for a week about Max running Lewis of the track in Brasil, but when it's the other way around it's a whole different story. We just heve to let them race.. It is a dangerous sport for tough men. For those who never saw Senna, Prost and Schumacher race, go see it on YouTube and you'll see that things where a lot more aggressive in those days.. Let's just enjoy F1 😊
Max did almost everything to cause crash to take both out the race, which helps him in the championship race.
Tbh this hole Weakend was just one big mess. I realy not gone say what happend when. I just happy we leave this place and looking at the close calls im glad no nobady died and Enzo and Theo arent to bad. Hop we never return and for next year make clear rules and meaby more graveltraps. Congrats on your wedding
Some exciting moments from Jeddah...
I havent watched this yet. Please be tired of this bullshit from max. When does Max get actually in trouble. Who else is ONLY driving clear off the track. The times lewis is they are on the track still. Why is this ok for him to do this over and over.
If Max takes out Lewis in the next race ,he should face a points deducted penalty, it may be the only way to stop him doing it.
congrats on your wedding!!!! now comes the hard part,keeping it together!!! good luck. now if you heard correctly,Mercedes was not aware that Max was supposed to let Lewis through. they even asked them or said to them,you didnt let us know. i think that sums up why Lewis hit him,as he was not expecting Max at that stage to allow him to pass Max. that was poor from the FIA,very poor. in fact Mercedes sounded very very annoyed with race control. yes it looked like Lewis was faster on those hard which i saw coming during FP 3  ithink it was. not far off Max on softs. i think that explains why Lewis hit Max. like any driver would,pull out at the last minute to get maximum tow.
you seem unwilling to say it like it is max is the dirtiest driver in F1
for some reason your eyes see very differly when it come to Mas.  your even very very byss and you seem to take Max side no matter how the truth is that every time Max feels like Lewis has a better car he drives reckless and dangerously because if the reck then he still ahead of the points. but Lewis not only show you but everyone that proves him wrong.
This guy is a bad joke, biased, fact free, max fan boy BS
Yes why even bother Question ?
Hear me  out this… the FIA will takeout the teams conversations with race control from the TV. They will do it be a cause it’s exposing the inner shit of the sport.
Congratulations on the wedding
The air is thin where eagles fly.  Max is no eagle.  Hes a pigeon.  It's hard to think when your going so fast.  Slow down Max. Stay in the air that your used to.
I would have liked you to be 100% transparent in your Video.  You outlined every time Max got a warning or penalty but then failed to mention that Lewis got a warning also for that last move.  🤔   Yes Max was over aggressive and I agree with all you said but for the omission of Lewis's Warning ⚠️
Max is a piece
congratulations!!!
Baffles me that HAM supposedly didn't know VER was supposed to give back position.  There was ample time for this. I think RD should contact both drivers directly and at the very same time.
None of this would be possible if they raced on a real race track, with real consequences for going off the track.
F1 are just manufacturing this championship
Over 2 G's braking??? Interesting, but he was changing gears downward (clearly heard on TV) and LH just followed the hit him instead of overtaking him, which would be the normal thing to do.  LH was just possibly looking for a DQ for MV.
Congratulations, and yes please to a video about "the offer"; that did surprise me when I heard it. What was the alternative if either team didn't accept the offer?!
Oh man... I was so pleased you didn't utter "actually" until almost six minutes, then you had to- twice.  Ditch that word please, it doesn't add anything to your narrative.  Get a jar and label it, "Actually"- it gets whatever is in your pocket whenever you use the word.
Congratulations on your wedding.
Max should get a race ban.
Congratulations with your marriage! Great analysis again, the only thing I don't understand is why does Hamilton drive right behind Verstappen and not just at the left behind Max? Slibstreaming while you slow down?
congratulation !!!!
Verstappen is dangerous
Congrats!!!
Note how Driver61 has an orb in the background for which he can ponder
What do the rules say with the standing and rolling start after a red flag? I feel like we are just watching a puppet show at this point.
Congrats on your marriage! She must be a wonderful woman to put up with making a race recap video in the honeymoon suite! Well done!
Congrats, wishing you and your wife a loving and prosperous marriage  💑
Congratulations on your wedding!  I started watching F1 around 1988 and I've never seen such a farce of a race in all that time.  This is much worse than Max Mosley appointing stewards that were politically chosen and didn't even have racing experience.  This is corporate interference at the highest levels and Masi is their point man to skew the regulations as they see fit to spice up the show.  It's so obvious why the other drivers are at odds with the rules.  Why is MV getting away with blatant disregard to the regulations while others are getting harshly penalized for doing similar things?  I feel sad for F1 and what it has become this year.  I just hope no one gets hurt while under Masi's ridiculous thumb.
Congrats on your wedding.
All race tracks need elevating 30-40 foot at least then if a driver goes off they stay off 👍🏼 or maybe just simple boring spike strips 🤷🏿‍♂️
The main problem in my view is that Mercedes completely missed the call from the stewards that Verstappen had to give the position back to Hamilton. There was some discussion on the radio about that with Massi. Mercedes were busy with their engineers during the message.
Congratulations!
crashstappen is driving more off the track than inside :))) and wants others to do so too
Max will off Lewis next week for sure. There should be points penalties for causing a crash not just time penalties, reminds me of Schumacher
So much respect for Max's abilities. Zero respect for his sportsmanship
Love your videos, but I just want to congratulate you on your marriage :)
Sir  Lewis has got the skill set....  To see off the kamikaze kid....  End of chat...
Subbed to save your marriage.  You're welcome
Hey!  Congratulations!  Hope your honeymoon is fantastic.  Really good analysis as always, thanks.
Max should have been blackflagged for this race and given a ten place grid penalty for the next but to do so would implicate FIA complicity for not stopping GM his antics VERY EARLY this season (as well as his career). He’s going to get someone injured and he’s proving to be as coldly violent as his father. He should not be in a race car.
Lewis often drives people off the circuit. Why is it ok for him to do this? Seems both you and the FIA have a clear favourite
If I am a driver driving Lewis car, I am also would be confused what Max is doing,, he just didnt slow down too much, but also giving mild steering changes, which as a following driver confuses which way to go,,, May be that might cause confusion in Lewis, if max is trying to crash into him,,, He is mad max and he can do anything... :D Also, he dont have to brake when he can clearly see lewis is behind in his mirror, may be max thought it as codemaster F1 game. Why cannot he accelerate and provide a position bit late,.. if you all complain lewis dont want to pass before DRS,, then you should complain max too, that he desperately wanted to give before DRS and caused a brake check collision.
Congratulations 👏
Man litteraly are you kidding us?? look at 3:38 when Max is NOWHERE near or alongside Lewis. You cannot demand space and telling "he forced max wide" while a driver just divebombing from nowhere. It was 100% Lewis' corner. You are trying not to being biased as a British and say things from both sides, but thats not the case always. Great videos in general to be fair!!!  Edit: Congrats on your wedding!!
Michael Masi trying to be the protagonist on this amazing season provided by Max and Lewis
Congrats 👏
Verstappen's shenanigans bring to mind Marco Materazzi.  He engages in dirty play, but at the fringes of culpability.  IMO he knows exactly what he's doing.
Congrats .... no max will not yield, I've lost count now how many times he's gone wide when firing it up the inside and then off track trying to maintain or gain position forcing other driver off track too
Should Helmut Marko receive a penalty for bringing the sport into disrepute for lying about Max not braking prior to his contact with Lewis?
Time to introduce a new penalty...any driver going fully off track for any reason to receive a one lap penalty !  This would discourage overtaking on the outside. Also any driver not leaving sufficient room for another car on the outside would also be penalised 1 lap. The proviso in this case would be that the outer car must be at least halfway along as the cars enter the corner.
always on point!
Congratulations on your wedding! Thanks for your clear review! The whole joke of this grand prix was, that Verstappen could never hold Hamilton behind with the medium tire, since Hamilton was faster and Verstappen would loose grip sooner. So all the foul play was for nothing. I am a bit embarrassed that Max is resorting to these tactics, and forces Hamilton to do the same, while their teambosses also complain constantly. I hope the final race is without any penalties, without any accusing, and that the fastest drive may win in a fair and honest way.
Remember... if they crashed and neither finished, Max was still ahead ...  I just wish he'd try to overtake ON the track
If max was given an advice to give position back ,then while he was slowing down could he have used flashing reds on the back to avoid the misunderstanding and collision?
Congrats to your marriage! I already subbed though so no support from my side. Sry
COMMITMENT IS UNPARRALEL  YOU GO ENJOY YOUR HONEYMOON YOU SLICK DAWG  And thanks for the content :)
Im rly surprised that verstappen didn't crash himself and hamilton out of the race bc it sure seemed like that's what he was trying to do is crash Hamilton bc he knew if Hamilton got around him it was game over bc the Mercedes car was faster especially down the straights.. I will say the brake check on Hamilton was hilarious. I don't rly care who wins bc I find the pre madonna cry baby driver's hilarious..I love listening to them cry and complain to their pit crews.. I absolutely wish they would allow drivers to fight after the race lol..hell I wish team managers would fight..can u imagine that beast toto wolf and how hilarious it would be to see him starching peeps. I dunno mabey I'm just a a-hole
Don Mansell, I am honored and grateful that you have invited me to your Youtube channel on the wedding day of yourself. And may your first child be a gap-seeking child.
Congrats to you and the wife,hope she likes F1.🥂💖
Congratulations!!!
Congrats! Lewis forced max off at full speed at Copse. Any complaints coming from Lewis are moot now in my mind. Why didn't Lewis just go around him? I think Max embarrassed him by giving up the position and taking it back right away. The superior car was always going around the Red Bull. Lewis just made it dramatic rather than clinical. The driver doesn't matter in the MB. That's been clear for the whole V6 Turbo hybrid formula.
Yes he did. Telematry showed it. Why ask for God's sake
Wish you touched more on the fact Lewis literally didn't know what was going on, and instead blame that he was looking for DRS. He was not told what was going on and left out of the loop until too late.
Let us know if you made that 10k sub
Its why he is called crashstappen.
Congratulations on your wedding!
I don't understand why there were three laps allowed between the 10th lap yellow flag and the 13th lap red flag? Nothing on track changed. It seems that decisions like this, which affect team strategy, should be quick and uniform. But here, the yellow flag triggered pitting and then the red flag gave whomever didn't pit on yellow a free pit stop. What changed in those three laps? It seems very odd. It was obviously a red flag wreck at the onset of the event on lap 10. The officiating at this race was bizarre.
Clicked on this super quick. You seem to be the only objective pundit in F1.
At the same time freaking Mercedes can still go faster than redbull even without drs and a broken front wing... I would do crazy shit too if I cared about winning, it's so frustrating
Congrats mate :-)
Interrupting your honeymoon for a F1 Race? Shame on you! The F1 calendar is known for over a year. Why not waiting an other week to marry the wife of your life? :-)  Just joking!  About the race; happy to have Max! This is racing! As Senna said; “Being a racing driver means you are racing with other people and if you no longer go for a gap that exists you are no longer a racing driver because we are competing.” Now about the difference between Mercedes and RB; Explain how it is possible that Hamilton can make the fastes lap on used hard tires AND with a damaged spoiler? There is such a huge difference between both cars that Max is nothing more than a sitting duck. Lewis  "acts" like he is struggling to get in to the DRS zone by keeping always a distance of just more than a second while in reality he could overtake Max on the second lap.  A great actor is lost...
The way it's going, no one will be able to make an important pass into a corner. One driver will just run the other off the road. That's not racing. We criticize Mazapin and others for being bad drivers but honestly there's no skill in driving someone off the road because they know they're going to be passed.
Crash Verstappen is now cracking up. Crying all the time when things don’t go his way and wants everything to go his way. He was embarrassed in his post race interview. Total bum.
Congratulations!
What a waste of time. He just basically says: "we'll never know.Empty content
Letting someone pass you isn't brake checking. Not his fault Lewis didn't pass.
10 second penalty says yes
Lewis could have EASILLY avoided everything yet he chose to go right behind max, what if max had a major engine failure and lewis didn't avoid it?
He braked the second time from 160-120 km/h in 0,4 secs. 2,4 G….a brake test? Max should been disqualified. I am not Lewis fan, but Max is just like his father.
If the snowflake doesn't want to race, he should quit and ride some trains. Without Verstappen, F1 would still be dead. FIA should thank Max on It's knees and every snowflake fan that doesn't like or appreciate Verstappen, should find something else to watch or join Lewis his Sunday train rides. Masi better resign and maFIA better form a new team of stewards that judge every race and not every race new stewards.
Only thing you missed and skipped: the dragging and delay by bottas and the extreme waiting by Hamilton. Which made the 1st restart drama no surprise.
Dangerous Driver Of The Day
Congrats for your wedding dude!
congrats man❤️
When the officials didn’t reprimand bottas for driving extremely slowly and holding up verstappen, I felt like the gloves were off so to speak. I get so tired of sanctioning bodies being inconsistent in their officiating
Congratulations!
This is what happens when you have two of the best going at it all season in equal cars. Neither will yield and why would you. Ones trying to win his first and another it trying to break a record.
Congrats on your marriage!
Congratulations on your wedding, and yeah these incidents weren't handled very well. I am surprised the FIA didn't intervene as much as they should have .
I hope you are not married to that wallpaper behind you? Clearly need to divorce that.
Well tbh your dedication to formula one is admirable but out of respect for you new marriage, cut down on patronising and hypocrisy. Max works hard but let’s accept the parts where he mimics a child. And after you accept that in the most unsatisfying way like you always do, don’t go ahead to say Lewis is willing to push drivers off as well after you said it was fair in the Brazilian grand prix. That’s absolute mind games. It was fair when max did it but it makes them both wrong now that Lewis did it? Cmon mate. I love your channel but try be honest mate, your talk is kinda giving you away
Nope , Hamilton failed to make a normal pass cause he didn't want a drs attack from Max .
Personally I think Mercedes is at least a bit at fault for the incident. Why had no one told Lewis that Max was giving the position back? If they had just told him there would have been no confusion (or less anyway), and probably no incident. Seems a bit harsh to give Max 10 seconds and 2 points for trying to do what he was told to do. Of course he was going to try and give the place back "strategically", that's a given for any driver in that position. The penalty was a bit performative in the end, as it effectively didn't change anything.
The telemetry said yes
Congratulations for your marriage. Wish you a happy and full of graces & love life.
Congratulations brother congratulations 😍 love from 🇮🇳
YES IT WAS PLAIN TO SEE HE SLAMMED ON THE BRAKES AND ACCELERATED AWAY.  iF I WAS A STEWARD HE WOULD START AT THE BACK OF THE GRID AND I WOULD WARN IF IF HE GETS UP TO THE SAME ANTICS AGAIN, HE WOULD BE DISQUALIFIED.
Well done!! Congratulations!!! All the best!!
Now people are watching Youtube videos of hobby F1 channels and pretend to understand racing and rules. Me including, we are not able to evaluate this situation correctly so calm down and stop the discussion! The only truth is that Verstappen had many unsporty manners in this race.
Honeymoon over a double-header season finale for an F1 commentator seems like bad planning! 😂
For me, the incidents at saudi are the climax of the battle that's been going on this season. Max throwing everythign at it, desperately, in an inferior car (at this stage of season). Not condoning his actions, but I can understand why. When the RB was marginally better than the merc, he DNF'ed twice that wasn't in his control, baku and hungary. To put that in perspective; Lewis flat tyre at brazil/ taken out by perez at qatar would've been the same thing.  Now Max is pinned down. That's also why I believe he absolutely tried to go to the limit at quali. On these tracks, with merc having the advantage right now, ending up behind them is a done deal. Basicly, due to the events earlier in this season, he's screwed atm.  The race also showed me the peak in how both drivers/teams try to get their advantages. Max literally tries to park his car in front of Lewis (while live watching I shouted that was not fair, I try to remain unbiased) and he tries to be overly agressive at times he can't. Which is related to the current era F1 issues. Hard to overtake. If it wasn't for Max, we would've had the same snoozefest as previous seasons. The tremendous amount of overspeed some cars have is undefendable. Either you're a sitting duck, or you're probably gonna be overagressive. But in the end, Max's mistakes/dirty tricks are easy to spot, and usually penalised.   Lewis and mercedes however operate differently. They try to abuse the areas where the rules aren't as defined. This started in bahrain, where Mercedes cars were winning two-three tenths every lap, goign offtrack. The moment Max overtook him, using the same advantage, he had to give the position back. Whenever RB protested, merc would simply reply "Let's do the fighting on track" - Just so they get away with it and repeat it in some form. Saudi was the same story; Both mercs slowing down tremendously under SC. What if Max's tyres cooled down so much, it was the crucial factor in Lewis's overtake on the restart? Later on in the race, Lewis looked in his right mirror, saw verstappen, and went wide - pushing Max offtrack.   Neither drivers are a saint, both do trickery. I can relate to Max as he's been rather unlucky in the moments of the season RB had an advantage, and right now he's in an uphill fight. And he's getting properly penalised the majority of the time. Lewis in the meantime operates more in the shady part of what's allowed and whatnot. Ultimately this alltogether forces Max to make moves that are overagressive - Making him the bad guy. Perfect, because all that attention draws away from the shady stuff Lewis does.  As for the brakecheck? Hard to say. Maybe Max got that mad that in the heat of the moment, full of emotion he decided to get back at Lewis. Remember as said above, neither are a saint. Max was sitting behind bottas under SC, he got screwed over possibly by Lewis extremely slowing down on restart aswell. Pushed offtrack by Lewis. Maybe he didn't understand Lewis wasn't passing him, so he decided to slow down even more and it was a "racing incident" , or maybe in the feeling of being treated unfairly (like I said above) he slammed it - And knew what he was doing.  In the end, feel sorry for the guy. Don't think he can get the title if incidents aren't a factor. He's getting a lot of crap for a guy that's been fighting 1v2 all season, been rather unlucky with the DNF's. Don't be mistaken, Lewis also has his tricks, but here's where the real experience matters; Lewis knows where to abuse his "tricks"  - like at bahrain. I already said at the end of bahrain GP; If max is gonna try to drive cleanly within the lines, and not abuse the little " grey " area's that Lewis does use, in the end he's gonna be in a position where choice is no longer a thing, and forces him to do more extreme things.   PS: There's not a single driver that's a saint that's fighting for a WC title. I'd say, treat everyone fairly and be wary everyone uses tricks. Some easier to spot than others.
Congratulations for young couple!
what is happening to the FIA.what a decision.
Hamilton crashed into max on purpose just o nik the rear tire,,,,,hamilton front wing was nothing…….
On the second dive attempt by Max (6:20) the red bulls rear end lost traction and Max had to correct from spinning which made him push wide. they were lucky to not have a collision there. Great reaction from Lewis to avoid contact. Max was gunna probably go wide regardless of the loss of grip but that just made it worse. Probably shouldn't have made the late dive but hes fighting for the WDC with 2 races to go.
Your wedding makes me subscribe this channel congratulations ❤️💒💐
Hamilton fan here. my opinion is that verstappen clearly did brake check him he knew what he was doing and it is clearly shown as he accelerates of as soon as contact is made to try and get as far away from him as possible. in my opinion dirty driving from verstappen
That brake test it fair enough worthy a penalty, but come one this should be set in rules about it. It's obvious that lewis wouldnt want to overtake him there. To be honest giving back a position should happen by the call of stewards AT the same corner 1 lap later. Running hamilton wide and getting a 5 second is bullshit since ham also did ran max's wide two times
Brake check or not, Lewis' front wing is made of steel..
Congratulations... Already subscribed.. Great explanation...
Congrats on your marriage and all the very best. Thanks for your insights and perspective of this crazy race.
Congratulations! Enjoy the honeymoon. I'm already subbed so I can't help to make your marriage last.
Ring check
Yes vers. had a poor start, ham. ,Aced it... Maybe because of the fact ham. Was stalling and made vers. Tired cool off? I think a very important aspect of the great restart
2.4G "brake check" wow. No one can react to that in time. Thats some serious penalty incoming
Subbing for ur marriage. Great vid!!
Hamilton makes more money for the FIA so they let him win the championship, they keep eyes wide shut when Hamilton breaks the rules. Crap FIA!!
Dirty drivers ultimately lose😂😂
He did brake checked. There's even an official FIA paper.  Telemetry doesn't lie.
I am watching F1 since 1994 and since then i never seen a team to be asked what kind of penalty they want!!! And that happened ofc in fafour of RB! Max should get a Go thru the pit penalty. But in that case Verstapen would be last and the title would be in Hamilton's hands. Now they give a chance to Max to crash over Lewis in last race and to win the title exactly as Schumacher did in 1994 vs Hill!
Congrats on getting married, the guilt trip was a bit mean on your part as I was already sub'd. 😋 Love your videos dude, keep me flowing plz. 😃👍
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcBNIIgxgSM
Probably nobody wanted the collision, but since both wanted to enter the corner behind the other, it only came to this small distance and finally to the crash.  Of course, Max must not brake so hard in this situation when Hamilton stays behind him. On the other hand, Lewis had no reason to slow down and stay behind him, even if he didn't know that he was allowed to overtake freely. It was not forbidden to overtake in this situation.  Thus, it can be assumed that Lewis also intentionally wanted to stay behind Max and therefore, in my opinion, both or no one would have been to blame for this accident.
Hamilton and Verstappen are just complete nuts. They do stuff on track to each other all the time, with Verstappen being very aggressive and Hamilton doing a lot of cheeky moves.  The reason i probably see a "bias" toward Hamilton by the stewards is that Hamilton seems to complain a lot more about moves by other drivers in general, while other drivers like Verstappen in general just fight on track and don't care normally. Granted in Jeddah they didn't owe themselves anything and in gerneral they stay on par with each other.  Im personally more a MV fan, but I enjoy the fight both of them are having and i don't really care too much who wins the title, i really enjoyed this season a lot due to the incredible battles throughout the field and especially by Max and Lewis. In my opinion the best two drivers at the moment on the grid.  btw congratulations on the wedding!!!
Congratulations and Sub
I think for once at least the stewards did something right. 10 seconds for a brake check like that wasn’t enough though.
There was no confusion, Max gave space and Lewis very weird staid behind him, everyone has seen that, after that it get's confusing for Max not knowing Lewis goes left or right to pass him and Max brakes to let Lewis buy who still is way to close behind him, but hey another Brit who doesn't dare to criticize saint Lewis, who already made a shit video about Max sim overtakes, your a nasty hate joke and in typical British pretending to be decent but the reality is all this nasty crap between the lines
A British supporting the British cheater.  What a surprise.
We should also talk about the fact that Bottas was holding Max up, which is against regulation. Also, Hamilton closing the gap to Max under SC is against regulation. Neither incident was even investigated by the FIA Both Croft and Brundle pointed out these violations, and they are British
i hate clickbait videos where you litteraly blabber for 10 minutes witout answering the question from the title of video. WTF dude that is lame
He didn't break check him. Was a fuck load of confusion from both. Lewis wasn't passing so verstapen slowed more. Lewis wasn't told to pass him. Look what happened later, verstapen let him pass and he didn't need to. It was a confusing race for Lewis and verstapen but max didn't help his corner at all bar one overtake on Hamilton and ocon which was a stunning move. If max wasn't ballsie he won't be champion and lewis knows it.
When Lewis had to let kimi past in 2008 and he did it as he approached the DRS line so that he could take advantage of the DRS and over took Kimi straight away he was disqualified from the race so why is max treated differently. He has got away with brake testing Lewis as the penalty wasn’t really a penalty as it affected MX not in the slightest and just left the door open for him to carry on with his dirty driving which is pulling the sport down. He goes too far and could seriously hurt someone or even cause death with his I’m winning at any cost attitude and he is being allowed to.
I really like hearing from a race driver’s POV, but this doesn’t seem as unbiased as you think it is. When Max does something you are all ‘oh, those two; always going at it…’ followed by logical contortions to somehow extend benefit of the doubt to Max. When Lewis does something you say stuff like ‘Lewis drove him off the road to show how frustrated he was’. Speaking of which, that one incident where Lewis ‘drove Max off the road’ was just yet another in a long line of situations where Max is well behind going into the corner and simply doesn’t brake at all. RB then claims (and you show the photos from when) he was ‘alongside’ Lewis in the corner even though Max had zero chance to even stay on the track much less make the racing line. You shouldn’t be owed space in a corner if you aren’t even shooting for the corner. Max is not the only driver in the grid to do this but he has elevated to such a point that it makes the racing silly. Bring back the gravel traps!
Will Max crash out Lewis (and himself) in the next race to win the championship?
i think it’s time we acknowledge that F1 has been bought by Mercedes and we should ban F1 permanently as an institution….as it is corrupted due to implementation of too many BS rules which  in lot of cases can be subjected to interpretation in favour of anyone who has the bigger bank account and thus the power. I think it’s quite obvious who will take championship home .
Congrats mate
I see you subtly ate maxes arse in this video,  trying not to blame your boy max for utterly awful driving and sportsmanship.
CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR MARRIAGE!
Disqualify them both, they’ve both been complete idiots this weekend.
I think Max’s post race behaviour and comments says it all. I’d tried to remain relatively neutral in the whole Max vs Hamilton debate, because as a long suffering Williams fan, I just want to see good racing.   However, the petulance from his team over the radio, the driver of the day interview, the walking off stage and the several times Max and Horner mentioned the race wins advantage leads me to believe that they have no intention of letting Hamilton finish the race next weekend. They’re desperate to win before next season, they believe their own conspiracy theories, and obviously don’t care about the integrity of the sport.   I hope I’m wrong.
Broooo congrats on your wedding! all the best for the future, and thanks for you ever quick analysis of the races!
Max was saying Bottas was slowing down significantly during the first yellow flag which allowed both Hamilton and Bottas to pit 1 after the other. It was said that this wasn’t allowed but no mention of it anywhere. How come? Also at the first restart Hamilton was hanging way back (more than 10 car lengths) which allowed him to warm up his tires and they were saying this wasn’t allowed. This gave him an advantage on the restart of having better grip but nobody is talking about this. Is this allowed and why is there nobody talking about this? All this seems very one sided in the sense only Hamilton and Mercedes can do “cheeky” things but it gets forgotten about quickly and only people want to talk about Red Bull.
Congrats on the wedding!!
Max Dick Dastardly Verstappen... That's all.
Oh man. Showing Hamilton forcing Max off the track and Max having to yield. The internet might just collapse with the Hamilton fans having a meltdown
Congratulations man 👊👊👊 Uploading on the honeymoon, that's dedicated!
Scott, you forgot to mention that, after the first red flag, but not yet at the restart, the gap between Hamilton and Verstappen was HUGE.  This cause Max’s tyres to cool down more than Hamiltons, before the race was restarted.
100% lulu's fault. Max was treated unfairly.
Congrats!
Max cedeu a posição "estrategicamente" quase estacionando o carro num ponto de elevada velocidade. O bom é que todos sejam agressivos como o verstapen, em tempos teremos não mais F1, mas aquelas competições americana de carros Monsters: racing destroyers. Vergonhoso os "passa-panos" a pretexto de um campeonato disputado.
congrats on the marriage!
Hamilton sucks big time
I just feel we can't praise Senna and then condemn Verstappen.
First congratulations with your marriage. Second I like your videos about technical things like clutches and gearboxes and so one. But stop making this kind of videos cause it showed you’re biased to de British drivers
Congratulations 🎉
The FIA haven't punished Max enough in the past, and have let him get away with too much IMO, now he just assumes he can do it all the time.  The FIA need to stamp it out before someone gets seriously hurt.
Bottom line is the FIA LOVES Hamilton, Verstappen didn’t break check, Hamilton had plenty of speed to go around left, MV was on the edge but Hamilton is a whiny douche who always gets his way
Max stopped 50mph in half a second. That is a brake check.
Max can’t race without either cheating (leaving the track) or breaking rules of safe driving. He’s always been dangerous, and not in a good way, and always will be. I am sick of him
Verstappen was lucky not to be blackflagged, that track should never be featured again either.
"Why did VER crash in quali when he didn't need to?"    LOL, really?  No comment on Valterri holding up VER either, right?   I, also, like how you acknowledge that Lewis was intentionally staying behind VER, yet still blame him for braking too hard.  I guess this is why you're not a world champion.  With all due respect, get off the bias.
Aww…Driver61 wedding weekend ruined by his favorite crashtappen!
Hope your marriage life is a blessing
Verstapen gonna get him self and hamelton killed
What do the FIA expect, when they give max a pass in Brazil? So he will do it again, running Hamilton off track without even making the corner himself. This is all on the FIA, being so inconsistent in applying the rules
Congratulations, Scott! I’ll always support you!
HAM fan here. I agree with everything, except some implications you made on the "break check". While it is true that VER did brake pretty strongly, we have to admit he did so only after he was already driving very slowly.   Now what's interesting is what you implied: that he shouldn't have breaked so hardly. The problem I have with this is: If VER slows down significantly, and HAM does not overtake, what should VER do? There are 2 options. 1) accalerate again, or 2) slowing down even more. VER went for 2). But if he did go for 1), everyone would've criticised him. And if he went for 1), then what about the position swap? Would VER be allowed to keep the position, because he "tried" to give it back? Everyone who says "No" (like me :D) faces a problem: This would allow HAM to just not overtake VER strategically, which is also clearly false. He could cause a lot of trouble with that especially when other are catching up from behind. So, if 1) and 2) are both not viable options, then the problem is not with VER. I think we should give him a break. This time around, HAM just f***ed up in my opinion, he should have overtaken him, no questions asked, no breaking, and no staying in the slipstream of a car that drives at 90mph. And believe me, that's not easy to say for me.
this track would be great for racing just needs to be safer
He was slowing a lot ahead is Lewis blind
It seems Verstappen's mindset was either 1) he wins, or 2) both he and Hamilton out of the race
Congratulations on your wedding.  Complete failure by the Race Director snd his team to manage Max.  Max is a great talent but a dangerous driver.
More proof that DRS should be ditched completely rather sooner than later! Without DRS, this drama never would have happened.
Congratulations bud!
all i am going to say is congratulations on getting married
Congratulations on your marriage, enjoy your honeymoon! This is how an objective analysis should be 👍🏻
The giving the place back situation has made me wonder. Does the driver being given back a place have an obligation to take it or can they choose not to? If they don’t have to take it then I can see a loophole where they can cause the other driver to get a penalty. In this incident could Hamilton choose not to take his place back to cause Verstappen to receive a penalty then stay within 5 seconds to take a win?
Congrat for you married. You are a true Man now..😆.  100% with your analysis, bro.  This Verstapen get more frustated now.
I start to believe Max crack under pressure. His talent is amazing but his headgame was never on this weekend somehow.
Congrats on the marriage! :D
Correct me if I'm wrong, but 2.4G is about 50% brake pressure.
For me it was Hamilton’s fault. Verstappen was already really slow when the crash happened. What if Max got a problem and couldn’t drive faster? Why isn’t Lewis overtaking him when he don’t know what’s up. He definitely knew that he could overtake but because of the DRS he wasn’t. So Lewis/Mercedes lied to the media because the pay said that Lewis wasn’t aware of the fact that he could have passed.
Overall an enjoyable race but the FIA cannot perform like this again. I strongly believe most of the cluster came from the clown show that the FIA was in making decisions in a timely manner to not allow confusion. On one of the biggest races of the calendar, they dropped the ball....hard
Off course he brake tested him knocking down the gears with Lewis right behind him is slowing the car right down and a 10 second penalty is a joke he doesn't deserve to be a champion for me hope Hamilton wins but just got a feeling Max is going to do the best drive of his career and win the race
Max Verstappen, Karen Horner and Red Bull are definitely crumbling under pressure…
I like the channel but that “wife says 20k likes” joke fell flat. Not funny and a good channel just doesn’t do that. You don’t beg for likes. And if you start a marriage with ultimatum you’re on the wrong path. See? These jokes bomb.
7:28 For an answer to the question promised in the title.  TL;DW: We'll never know.
where is bottas his penalty for this : "39.5 No car may be driven unnecessarily slowly, erratically or in a manner which could be deemed potentially dangerous to other drivers or any other person at any time whilst the safety car is deployed. This will apply whether any such car is being driven on the track, the pit entry or the pit lane." Merc have done this before and clearly keep getting away with blatent rule breaking. FIA have only themselfs to thank for this complete shitshow that they have created. I've been saying for years that the rules have be enforced or it's gonna be a shitshow, what did they do? They just let them do whatever they want and now they have this shitshow and try to blame it on the drivers. You have raised these drivers with lax rules, so they will behave exactly like you would expect from a driver who had no rules enforced on them for YEARS
So are you saying the Max is willing to destroy both His and Lewis cars to win the championship? that's not very sportsmanlike
I feel like youre skipping through alot of things which is also worth mentioning. When Mercedes wanted to doublestack, Bottas broke the rule and slowed down too much compared to the delta and therefor he alone jeopadized Red Bulls strategy - Bottas went unpunished. During formation lap Hamilton didnt stick with the less than 10 cars length rule - Hamilton went unpunished. Max actually just lifted and down shifted when he had to give the corner back - Hamilton didnt want to overtake here, and thats why Max just decided to park the car. According to the rules, the car in the lead kind of dictates when hes gonna let the other car through, Hamilton cant cherry pick when, how and where he wants to overtake Max. Due to Hamilton not wanting to overtake in this particular zone, he actually shunted into Max AGAIN. This is the 4th time a Mercedes has been crashing directly into Max. How many times did Max crash into Hamilton? Only in Monza - yet everyone think Max is the dangerous driver haha.
Can we all agree that the real issue with this race was the track design.
Why must every single brit except Christian hold lewis’s balls so much? I cant even listen to pretty biased comentary from skyf1
congratulations !!!
Max needed to find the absolute limit he could push to. That’s what he was doing during qualifying.
It's Masi's fault. The guy was trying to make deals rather than referring to the stewards. Then, he had to push a ton of buttons to make sure teams got the communications. He even said, i can only push so many buttons at once. I also wasnt aware that making deals was something he did every race?
I still think merc should've been penalised for making bottas go slowly and hold up max because surely that's unfair racing as if any other driver was ahead of bottas I'm sure bottas would be going as fast as he's aloud during yellow flag, and i bet if it was Lewis ocon then max, ocon would also be trying to go as fast as he's aloud...
Aryton Senna once said that if you no longer go for a gap that exists you are no longer a racing driver, if that's something to look upto then I'd say that hamilton had enough gap to pass Verstappen for the lead, instead the dude just went and drove into him. On top of this mess FIA or "maFIA" gave penalty to someone who was just letting his title rival go by. What an absolute joke of a race it was!
Congratulations.  Beautiful bride.  My respect.
Yeah, better not make new wifey angry! Subscribing right now!
No, he didn't.
Congrats
This is why I'm going to stop watching F1, what an absolute clown show. Saudi's track for F1 sucks as well, as there was no true racing only bullshit penalties and petty gamesmanship between redbull and mercedes. Beyond embarrassing for F1 all around for the "top level" of driving.
Congratulations and all the best to both of you!
congratulations
Hamilton went down a total of 4 or 5 gears, how you still manage to crash with that amount of time instead of overtaking is beyond me. And max gets a penalty for having someone crash into the back of him? what a load of shit.  FIA needs to pull their shit together because this race was a shitshow both on Mercedes and red bulls side.
I subbed. Have a great lasting marriage. Congrats!
"Hamilton aced it [the restart]" Yeah, probably because his tyres were warmer from leaving more than ten car lengths to Verstappen - which wasn't even investigated. Just like Bottas driving slowly under the SC wasn't even investigated. 3m 50s: "But it does show Hamilton is willing to push other drivers wide, as well." He should acting like a hypocrite, then. 7m 36s: From Verstappen's POV, he was told to let Hamilton past to avoid a penalty, and he slowed right down, and Hamilton didn't pass him. Considering Bottas and Hamilton already played tricks under the SC and restart, I think he's trying to force Hamilton to pass, not force a collision. Of course, Hamilton and his team and fans are really paranoid. But that's not Verstappen's fault.
congrats on your wedding from brazil!!
watching max drive was like seeing a forza online match, just cut corners like they dont exist
Max CANNOT race Hamilton. He's had every possible opportunity to race Hamilton and EVERY time he's failed to do so. The only tracks RB have one at are the boring slow circuits where you can't overtake. This season should be Hamilton's not because of his car, his ability to drive the car ON THE TRACK without having to punt his rivals off. And don't cry about Silverstone, Hamilton passed two other cars at Copse and surprisingly they didn't end up in the barrier. There's hard racing and then there's blatant dangerous driving and Max is proving to be incredibly dangerous.
What about Hamilton lagging to the grid on the first restart?
Grats on tying the knot, Scott!
so the last restart you seeing   you would risk it  ham was wide to focused on ocon  offcourse you try these guys can drive and mostly now when it will work  i think you view is to theoretical  and less practical  just look at kimis old days when he overtook  wile sliding  older cars i get that but still i think people judge to soon these days at leased  your neutral. great video  but i still think this is dangerous circuit  would be suppressed if some one gets seriously  injured  following years .
Congratz on your marriage
Done with these ridiculous decisions.... I'm out.... No more F1 for me...
congrats on the wedding !!!  In my mind, braking with 2.4G deceleration is a whole LOT more then just coming off the throttle to let your opponent pass and regain position.  This, in my mind, is intentional brake-check and deserved a DQ for max.  He could easily have taken Hamilton out (and himself as well).  Max got away with his left-rear tire not being punctured, no damage to the diffuser, both of which would basically have cost him the race, but it would also have come at the expense of Hamilton's race.  That would have resulted in a win for Max with only 1 race left to go, he would have had the advantage.  I do think we can safely assume max will do anything, borderline or not, to win.  even if it means taking out your opponents.  In my mind, they both are great and talented drivers, just Max is always on the or over the line, whilst hamilton is just below or on the line.  This move, again imho, is way over the line.  Bring back those old gravel-traps, no more run-offs and much harder/steeper/sharper curbs so they'll actually have to run around it and not use them as a temporary "nuisance".  The gravel-trap will penalise the guy that can't hold his line (or intentionally runs wide), the steeper inside curbs will prevent overly aggressive turn-in and squeeze your opponent out.
I wish you and your wife all the best <3
At the beginning of the season when Max was clearly faster there wasn't as many racing incidents. He can't accept competing with a faster car along side him. Lack of discipline will probably cause him to lose the title.
Just cannot stand Hamilton's heroic face expressions all the time and silly talking about how everything is against him. He is literally the luckiest driver in the history of motorsport and still keeps complaining., his ego is much bigger than his skills. How he celebrated that victory at Silverstone after what had happened earlier in the race will be remembered for a long time, that was a huge fail on his personal level.
Have a good honeymoon Mr. Biggest Lewis fan
In 1997 Michael Schumacher was disqualified from the final championship standings for an aggressive move towards Jacques Villeneuve. Today, Max Verstappen is even more aggressive in driving compared to Michael Schumacher. What is the FIA waiting for disqualifying him? Being a great driver, like Michael Schumacher, does not allow you to endanger other drivers
Congrats bro.... I pray the Lord bless you and your family.
Congratulation  hope you would get great kids bro your follower Ahmed from Libya  However feels like max wouldn't let lewis to overtake him unless he would rather crush due to the points advantge but what clear drive by Hamilton
I love Verstappen, I dont want to think how incredibly boring would be the championship if Mercedes were the only winning capable car, like these last 7 years
New precedent, if you’d rather your competitor get a 5 sec penalty than be given the place back then stay behind them. Max lost more than 10 sec on that lap trying to hand back and still got a penalty, thus new precedent set.
Maxine who is always racing with her elbows out is a menace on the track.  Merited more severe penalties.
You are bias 🤔
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkqNyRgwSPA&t=8s
Em jogos de corridas on-line, pilotos sujos fazem isso que o CRASHtapen fez quando o oponente ta colado. Sao conhecidos como Dirty Driver  e são expulsos da corrida👍SujoMAX pode ser campeão correndo igual ao Dick Vigarista e com aval da FIA👏👏👏👏Ótimo exemplo para os novos pilotos👍👏👏👏👏
I have not looked at the telemetry personally. The onboard made me think it could have been engine braking from downshifting. Does the telemetry show him applying the brakes or the vehicle slowing down?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PkqNyRgwSPA&t=8s
#Driver61 question   since the latest restart because of the many safety cars that happened   the race did not seem to need pit stop..... Max would have lost the place anyway with out the drama?? i say this because he was on mediums and  Lewis on hards so he would have run out of grip anyway ??
Congratulations
Crashtappen is back not a fair racer at all and that 5 sec penalty was a joke
If the stewards want to avoid gamesmanship like this in the future, they need to clearly outline quickly when a driver is to give position back, and where. If the drivers don't want to be sporting, you make them be sporting.
If someone is slower you overtake!! You don't slow down your pace with him but OVERTAKE!! Saying it was a break check is ludacris ..
Congratulations 😀
I thought Verstapen was more major  at this point but the way he pull out his energy wont let him win a championship for now.
I believe DRS has become too powerful of an advantage.
Max driving is pathetic, really hope he wins nothing in his career. Hope RedBull car is rubbish for his contract length.
Of course it was deliberate on Max's part. Horner said Max didn't apply the brakes because Horner isn't honest, and Max said he was just slowing down to let Lewis past which was disingenuous - he didn't make an obvious move to one side or the other to give Lewis an obvious choice, and the heavy application of the brakes with Lewis as close as he was, was an obvious attempt to cause a collision, and one that Max would benefit from.   As you say, it should have been a greater penalty than 10s and one that meant Max couldn't rely on a dirty tactic in the last race where both he and Lewis end up DNF which would hand Max the championship. If that does happen, they should strip max of all his years points just like they did with Schumacher when he tried the same thing with Villeneuve (97?)
Of course he didn't brake test Hamilton !!! It just lies by Mercedes !!
Baku 2017
Congrats on the wedding!!
7:55 great video! The only part I disagree with on the point you mention at the time stamp is that Lewis caught on to what Max was trying to do. Lewis didn’t know Max was trying to let him through, so he couldn’t have caught on.  By his own admission, he hadn’t.  For all Lewis knew Max could’ve had engine failure, transmission problems, anything. There was no reason for Lewis to not pass immediately.
Congrats and thanks for posting a video on your honeymoon! Your opinion is valuable, especially today
Congratulations on your wedding
Congratulations Man. Already subscribed!
Commiserations 🤣✌🏼edit: Congratulations!
Stop lying.
Congrats on the marriage
Mike Massey needs to get out of the loop. His nosing in on everything delayed everyone reaction times to the changing situation. That race seemed like it was run by 8 year olds. Exciting? I'm not sure. I'd say more frustrating than exciting. Where was Botas's penalty for backing up Max? Where was Lewis's penalty for following way to far behind? And I dont know avout you. But if I see my rival ahead of me slow down. I'm not going to aim my car at his gearbox. WTF was that? I dint care if Max locked up his breaks. Why would you just drive into the back? That was 1000% on Lewis. Just stupid in race decision by Massey and the 8yr olds known as the Stewards.
sounds like you dont like verstappen
18 other cars on the track going slower than Ham... Pass them.  Max?  Nah.  Just stay behind.  They were both vying for DRS, which was a clever tactic.   Two drivers + Same idea = Contact Neither knew what the other was going to do.  No brake check, just encouraging Ham to pass. 😎 IMHO
seems like it's probably just a miscommunication
If and butts means Max overdid it and smacked the barrier! But then if anyone doubted that he was the dirtiest driver of the year, he re enforced it by his driving in this race! But Hamilton proved beyond a doubt that he is the cleanest driver of the year and a worthy 8 Times Champion!
Have a nice honymoon! Very objective analysis btw, still not sure what to think, many more things happened in the race that were a bit questionable imho.
When analyzing the contact how are you so quick to dismiss why Hamilton would just pull up behind max and slow down the way he did? Hamilton said he has no idea what’s going on so why also completely lift off. You said Max has the points advantage I think Lewis was gonna flatten Max’s tire in anger. You also just dismiss that Hamilton completely drove Max off the track a few laps later so who is racing clean?
It's amazing how quickly you came out with this video
Penalty or not lewis was going to win it anyways, but those penalties makes it more interesting especially f1 twitter, ig, youtube etc "max robbed" comments. What a season
Max was out of control all weekend, it seems obvious he will do anything for the position,  as  hamilton is the only driver fast enough to match him he's receiving the brunt of Max's anger, it would be any other driver who was in his way. Max needs to receive a DQ to help him cool off before he hurts someone.
Congratulation hope you have many happy years together.
Tell me how you can downshift 2 or 3 gears without applying the brakes?  61 kg of braking power is nothing for an F1.  Lewis also downshifted 2 gears before contact, while already had plenty of room to pass him on the left.
Yep he break checked him and he did the same thing to Daniel Ricciardo when he was his teammate.
To your long marriage 👍
I can see max will crash into Lewis to take them both out of the race max will win the w.c due to the extra race win and it will happen I just know it....
Congrats Mate. I will help to make the Wife Happy and Sub to the chanel.
Wąski, nie pierdol. Verstappen zdjął nogę z gazu ( bolid hamuje mocno ) i wtedy Hamilton zrobił to samo. Gdy Verstappen zobaczył, że Hamilton nie chce go wyprzedzić i tak samo hamuje, to wcisnął hamulce ( dopiero wtedy Wąski !! ) i tylko Bóg jeden raczy wiedzieć czy chciał mieć na dupie Hamiltona czy nie ( a nawet jeśli to miał do tego kurwa prawo bo Hamilton musi wyprzedzić a nie sie kurwa czarować jak kolarze na finiszu. Jeśli zaś Hamek postanowił się bawić w szachy to niech nie pierdoli, że dostał szacha, kurwa, no ! ) Gdyby Verstappen od razu mocno pierdolnął w heble to byłby skończonym debilem bo Hamek na +2 sek by mu uciekł  w okamgnieniu.  I naucz się polskiego będziesz brytolu mądrzejszy. Całe to Twoje pieprzenie pokazuje jasno, żeś kurwa obiektywny jak Putin na Ukrainie.
Don't forget the fact that Hamilton was way beyond in the formation lap after the crash resulting in Verstappen waiting almost 20 sec before Hamilton parked his car. Hamilton didn't recieve any penalty and resulting in poor start of Verstappen. After this Verstappen had to chance tactics in third start.
Stewards have said he DID apply his brakes with great force!  So Verstappen lied when he said he didn’t!
verstappen drives like he is playing a sim with collisions turned off.
Hamilton did what Hamilton does best……complain. Verstappen was told to give the position back even though Hamilton pushed him wide in that turn but so be it. On getting the instruction, Verstappen slows dow and gives Hamilton room who (asleep?) promptly slams into Verstappens rear. And mind you, Hamilton was downshifting and braking too but was way too close. So what does Hamilton do? Why whine and complain of course. He seems to struggle under the delusion that everybody just needs to step aside and let him pass. Entitled much? What really takes the cake is that Mercedes’ backup team, the FIA, blamed Verstappen for Hamilton’s cockup.
Another consequence of the 5 seconds penalty was that Max couldn’t pit for softs and take the fastest lap point. Since entering the pit and serving the 5 seconds would have put him behind Ocon. That’s 2 points difference there.
Congrats man🎉
Congrats on the marriage.. I hope you both are happy for a very long time.. Not good doing vids on the honeymoon tho... lol Michael Masi needs replaced as he is the one who is bringing our sport down to Maxs level..
I strongly think in my opinion max was told if him & lewis go to dubi wv a DNF he max have a better chance of winning the F1 Championship because he can finish second and be the winner and that’s why he races lewis so hard & do not care if he take out him self n lewis out the race
Congrats for the wedding  💑
are all the british really thinking Lewis didnt know about the drs ???, so why didnt he overtake earlier like a normal racer would do ??. i dont think Max did  a breaktest. In the end max got three penalties, Lewis zero., not to mention the yellows (he didnt see ??) or the Mazepin / Gasly incidents (he didnt know ??)  mercedes was the faster car, therefore Max has to attack , people seem to underestimate that factor, ofcourse its on the edge or more sometimes, but thats racing ! Lewis can drive safe because he hes the best car now with all the engine chances. what i dont like is the blaming and shaming Lewis does, i think it is the same plays Rosberg hated so much, also the british press is accepting it (see silverstone). Lewis was extremely lucky he didnt loss his wing .
The brake test sounds like a very strategic decision as well as quick thinking on Max’s part. But also, Lewis’s experience and knowledge knew something was a foot… …
Verstappen reminds me of NFL defensive backs. They commit pass interference on nearly every play and force the officials to decide the game.
0:55 Finally ffs
If Max wants to go on to be considered one of the greats and to win lots of championships he needs to learn one thing, winning at any cost usually makes you lose.  I can see Max wiping himself out of the final race or worse, wiping both him amd Lewis out. No one wants that.
Congratulations on the wedding!!  Regarding brake testing: Max not only admitted post-race that "he didnt know why Lewis was so close behind him" but then he braked/released/braked again HARD, and from the video he only moved to the right AFTER brake testing him. These dangerous/desperate moves from Max resemble go-cart racing as a juvenile, not the top of the sport as F1 so why is Max acting out like a spoiled kid? The stewards share the blame because they refuse to penalize Max to a degree it discourages him from breaking every rule. Everyone wants hard racing but not cheating which is what Max is essentially doing by running off the track to gain an advantage or driving Lewis off the track. In all fairness Lewis remained on the track unless forced off and if then he maintained his position or lost in the name of safety to live for another corner as he stated. This is the crux of the debates the entire season, not throwing everything away for every corner.   To state the obvious: If Lewis was doing what Max has been doing, he would be at the back of the grid. And most of the other drivers would agree, including during qualifying when Alonzo saw Max hit the wall, "He's gone too far". Everyone but Max is playing by the rules
I subscribed to make sure you are stuck with your wife for a very long time bro🤭🤭🤭
He wasn't told to let him past again in fact after he did it to his engineer got on the radio telling him he didn't need to do it
congrats man!!!
Things got real at 2:09
Congratulations! great video - and enjoy your honeymoon!!
Congratulations on your marriage
I have waited for this video ^^
to be honest this was just a 100% brake test. if you look at the data you can see max using his brake, and not at a constant amount. just before they hit eachother. Max actually braked harder then he did just a moment before. I have no numbers of the amount of force was max used for both situations. but if the 2.4g was the amount he used the longest. the other number must have been higher. knowing that and if you look at the highlights you see max is only looking in his mirror just before they collided. so max was just trying to crash both cars out of the race. knowing that you will realize yourself what would happen in abu dhabi. but even if you dont have the exact numbers of the force and just look at the data. you still can make the same conclusion. Max deliberatly tried to run of Lewis in an attempt to stay ahead in the standings on points instead of race wins.
legnds looking in comments for 10,000 subs
I normally agree with you most of the time. But in this case I don't like the way you are being 'objective.' You were right about Max (most of the time) bytyou didn't cover a couple of things. 1 the time it took to get back to the grid. That way Max had to be more aggressive to fight for position. 2 the amount of time Hamilton gained when the VSC was active. 3 you didn't say how much Hamilton was braking, he was down shifting a couple of gears when Max slowed down. And if Hamilton was mistaken what the penalties could have been for Hamilton.
If i understand correctly. Verstappen had to give Hamilton the position back 3 TIMES and get a 5 second penalty for 1 leaving track and gaining advantage. Doesn't really seem fair to me.
what I think is that there should be some rule that specifies that the return of the position is not before the DRS detection zone.
Yes.  Verstappen is a disgrace
Max is a great phenomenon.a big talent but becoming a bit 2 aggressive and on purpose,but he is competing with the best?!?Masi is worst than me as a director.mistakes that can change the championship-unfair.   max made a great restart,but when he left the track and wanted to let Ham pass there to get the drs,but again....there is Lewis,who ain't a novice.what a race
2:10 can’t disappoint the Bride. Get subbing ppl!!
Congratulations on your wedding Scott. Enjoy the honeymoon guys.
Go Lewis! experience over shinnanigans.
Congrats on the wedding!
Congratulation mate. Go to your honeymoon. Don't worry about us. We love your channel anyway
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The FIA clearly has to learn from this race, they are so inconsistent. They gave RedBull they option to give they place back or they stewards where gone look into the things (probably a penalty for Max). Max slowt down but Hamilton didn't want to pass him, and drove in to the back of his car. Max got a penalty for this after the race. But what is the point of giving RedBull a choice to give the place back, if your opponent can decide if he wants to pass or not? In this way it's not RedBull that disides what to do, but it's Mercedes/Lewis. Than the hole point off giving RedBull a choice is gone. If Lewis just past him everything would be fine. I my eyes Mercedes, Lewis and the FIA are guilty. Hamilton should be the one who recieves the penalty here, his team made the mistake to not listen to the FIA and Lewis made the mistake to not pass Max. In my eyes the way this went isn't the way it should have gone. Ether the people off they FIA don't know what they are doing or the like Mercedes/Lewis a little bit to much.
The problem I have with this is that it doesn’t cover some key bits of it. It doesn’t cover Lewis dropping back 10+ car lengths so that he had warm tyres whilst Max’s had cold tyres.  Bottas pulling another Hungary incident and almost punting max but max cut the corner.
At this point I wouldn't put it past Max to pull a Senna on Prost to win his first championship this weekend.
I'm so fed up with british racing Fia and F1 its a joke its always has bin a rich kids amateure sport
congratulations on the wedding 💕
Mercedes and Hamilton  remind me of that bully in primary school that pulls out every dirty trick in the book during recess, but acts all sweet when the teacher is watching. Max walked right into that trap and I hope he learns from it for the showdown in Abu Dhabi.
Can't believe I wasn't already subscribed! Congratulations!
He just down geared
This is the 21st century. FIA have millions of dollars/euros at their disposal. The radio communications between the pilots and their race engineers are broadcast. So why is the FIA unable to broadcast to the teams simultaneously???? 🤬 Massey communicated that mv. (must give up his position) to the RB team, who then relayed the instruction to mv.  mv. then responded by braking (whilst in the middle of the track !!!!🤮) before Massey had communicated with the MB team - hence LH was not aware of the unprofessional braking that mv. was about to perform.  Really, where are the adults ? Where is the world class high end technology when it really matters ?  (How can the appropriate video imagery of mv. deliberately running LH. off the road, just disappear? Only for the recording to miraculously appear after the stewards had already made their uninformed decision???  The FIA is hardly professional… when will it improve? After another death ????  Money is lethal, especially when it is not invested in the areas that demand to be improved ! 😐😐😐😐😐😐🤨😐😐😐
Ok #1…Congratulations! 💪🏾😤 you give me hope.    #2…the second time Max went wide was because his Right rear got clipped by Lewis’ Left front. He HAD TO correct to the Left to prevent a spin which would make him go straight, making it look like understeer. Check it out and lmk what you think!
Can we also not ignore the fact that Lewis was shown black and white flags and Michael was PISSED at his driving.
The headline is predictable - It implies it was all Verstappen fault and Hamilton was completely innocent - Nothing innocent about Hamilton.
anything but no to this question deserves an appointment with an optician.
Max is a danger to society
Come on you should have chosen 18 December as your wedding day and then you could have a nice relaxing  honeymoon and give full attention to the last two races of the season ! Max wont change his style next weekend for sure with the bigger number of wins so Lewis will have more hard racing to deal with !
Congratulations on the marriage. I only subscribed last week but I am enjoying your content.
Congrats! Sorry to the missus, you can have him back now
Congratulations 💕💕
Im personally a bit concerned that if Max crashes into Hammy, breaking both cars, Max wins the champ on wins... not saying he will purposefully crash but the incentive to play nice will be none
Congratulations on the marriage. Point of contention what will happen next week when Verstappen tries to take Hamilton out of the race, and if its found to be intentional what would they do? Disqualification wouldn't even make it right.
😡😡😡👎👎👎👎!!!
The problem with Max is not that he runs people off track but that he's doing it in such a way that he goes well off track himself making such kind of driving dangerous.
Ok, did my part. Now you focus on making her smile everyday and continue to give us fantastic analysis.
Where are you getting all these photos from? Congrats btw :)
I keep hoping to see a more refined Max... but this was sloppy and desperate. Very distasteful.
Thats the wrong question to ask. The real one is, when Max lift off, why did Hamilton slowed down behind him and not over take? Because he wanted to crash into him and damage his gearbox!
Hamilton had an open and clear path to pass, but he froze and didn't take it until it was to late.  Once again FIA  chose to make a statement.  NO RACING ALLOWED.  The whole season has been a bogus fraud.
Congratulations 😊
Youre videos are awesome. Others should learn from you. Bravo
Great race, except the tire changes under red
Turned left slightly and breaks69 bar to 2.4gs of deceleration. This is brake checking, that is a black flag. Idc if the championship is close, even when it is close fair racing should be the upmost importance not “maintain a close championship”. What has this sport become. When did racing become so damn barbaric, we don’t even try to make corners, were forcing each other off track. Just a terrible state of the sport
I think you forgot to mention how Hamilton cheated under SC and VSC...
Congratulations!!
Three allowances to overtake seems quite generous.
Have you seen the telemetry? it shows constant break pressure from both, but Hamilton put pressure on his throttle right before the crash. Thats why he didnt slow down as much and crashed into him. Dont know what stewards saw else here.
congrats!!!🥳
hamilton literally drove in max , hamilton did the same by pushing max off the track why wouldn't hamilton get a penalty for that?
any mention for the slow parking for race start from lewis or bottas driving below delta under yellow to block verstappen?
Bs that merc was allowed to have bottas held up max during safetycar. Also the rediculous slow pace to the grid by merc to let max his tyres run cold was something massi does nothing about.   Merc gets away with these kind of gamesmanship actions all too often, thus fuelling the story that maFIA is scripting the outcome.
Spot on. Congratulations on the big day.  But you could see the weekend play out right from max quali.   He has Jos in his head he’s afraid of being left behind and have to walk home.  He’s driving like a drunk frat kid on last lap of Forza
CONGRATULATIONS TO BOTH OF YOU!
anyway being on pole would not have helped him win the race with all those Red flags 🚩
I was amused by Michael Massi offering RB 2nd place for the 2nd re-start, before he was told Ocon was in 2nd place when the red flag went out. Massi then said "apologies, I hadn't looked at it" - great comedy from the man who is running the show!
I don’t think it was brake testing, he’s gotten the let him by message and fully expected hamilton to do it, like any other driver would’ve done, but hamilton started to brake way before even being close too verstappen and slow down, but then let of the brake, while verstappen was still slowing down, which makes it look like verstappen brakes suddenly, while he’s already in like 3rd and moving to the right! Seems like a racing incident, which was caused more by hamilton than verstappen as hamilton’s braking and throttling is more erratic than verstappen’s was! Even if he didn’t know what was going on, which seems highly unlikely, as somebody in twitter pointed out, the radio message has a tv censorship delay and was heard just before the crash, meaning it had been played beforehand realtime and hamilton knew what he wanted and chose to stay behind instead of overtaking… with the dropoff of the mediums verstappen would’ve been done anyways so why worry a bout a drs?!
LH always complains, plays prima donna and already could not believe MV could change his tires under red. MV had to yield to LH 3 times, LH says he was "confused", how can "being confused" be MV's problems?
Congratulations on the old ball and chain. But the sub is for the great content
I nearly had a seizure when max brake test Hamilton the crazy radio message to max when told to give place back but tacticaly FIA sassy telling redbull first  then all the  red flags  so meny laps after safety car the practice start in the pit-lain and  negotiate with redbull .joke yes it's all fishy to me
So LH can push other drivers outside the track to show them how annoying they are? Ha...
NO brake test!
Loved the marriage part. Absolute LEGEND.
The way verstappen 'drives' detracts from the sport.
Some comments. Verstappen tends to correct the car with a bit over throttle make the back end step out and straighten the car, he tried to do so in his last Q3 trying to save the lap but failed. Also, with all that has happened I can see it is given less attention, but both the held up by Bottas during the 1st safetycar as well as not maintaining proper carlength distance by Hamilton should receive more attention than it does now. Apart from the drivers the teams has a significant effect on what happened on (and off) track.
Hell is still dont unterstand why Hamilton didnt just pass the slower verstappen?
I do not think that verstappen is doing a Schumacher however I think he sees that there is nothing to lose in a crash as long as they both go out. This does create a potentially dangerous situation and I think weak officiating have caused this. If Verstappen new he would get a clear punishment, including points, when he did his drive through bends manoeuvre it would both stop him doing it and also feeling aggrieved when it happens. After all in the previous race he clearly drove Lewis of the track with no possibility of him making the bend and received zero punishment.  There is a clear difference between hard racing and dangerous racing and verstappen has clearly crossed this line on several occasions which is a shame because I would be happy for ether of these two drivers to win.
Congratulations!
Changing the rules as they go on.......... Money, fame, glory, and British lobbies
congrats on the wedding
It was a stupid mistake of  Hamilton and verstappen got a penalty for it .
Max has done this shit before, ask Ricciardo.
What I dont understand is why Lewis didn't overtake Max while he was given the opportunity. Lewis steered to the left of Max to then just go back behind him. A racer would have overtaken the opponent once the opportunity was there. Lewis chose not to and ended up touching Max. If he was brake checked or not, it doesn't really matter, he had no business being there because he should have already overtaken him at that point.
Or you could say:  "To be honest I don't know why Hamilton could not overtake a slow car, nor avoid a collision by using the steering wheel, lodged firmly in his very capable hands." "Maybe he was annoyed to get a position back at an inconvenient spot or he is just sure that the marshals will most of the times have his back."  Especially after getting away with mostly everything in free practice. Verstappen got 5 places grid penalty for similar behaviour.  He then later proceeded to push Verstappen off the track by taking the left hand turn on the very outside and looking only to his right, ensuring not the come anywhere near the apex and forcing his opponent off the track.  Verstappen did some naughty things and got punished. Hamilton does naughty things and gets flowers and a mars bar.    Look, Hamilton is a gem to the sport, great champion, and I like that the 7x champion is showing the world that human rights matter, during his active career and not after.  But the velvet gloves with which he is treated on track by the FIA is a bit too much.
look at the data. Both drivers hit the brakes at the same time. Hamilton then hit the throttle for some reason sending himself into max.
I personally dont really understand the Fia report, and dont know the amount verstappen breaks at in comparison to the maximum/average breaking rate of F1 cars, but in my opinion if max has been told to give the position back, Hamilton shouldn't be able to refuse this position to prevent the DRS zone.
I guess Lewis was sleeping in the slip stream. Unless he wanted to clip his tire.
People generally brake check when you ride there ass. Confused as to how a “ racing driver ” would refuse to pass a slower car let alone the car hes competing against. Cut through all the pc bullshit the real question is why didn’t the racing driver go around the slower car when thats the whole point. The reality of the situation is lewis was off put by max slowing down and froze in the moment. Strange how he makes a mistake and acts completely unlike a racing driver and max is the one at question for taking gaps like champions are suppose to. Even funnier to me lewis says senna is his hero yet when max drivers like senna he calls him dangerous and is outraged. Fia need to do get it together and casuals need to sit down. Let racers race and let the fans see what they tune in for RACING.
I subbed.  I won't be held responsible for the early demise of a marriage.  Congrats
Congrats on the wedding.  That being said, the Saudi Arabian GP was a shit show. FIA didn't show enough strength in handing down penalties and keeping people in line. Pushing the limit is fine, but the danger Verstappen keeps putting himself and others in, NEEDLESSLY is terrible.
I'm a Hamilton fan but I HONESTLY believe Verstappen would never go that far, pushing people off is kinda expected tbh, they're giving everything, elbows out But that, I don't think he would do it, no way, not intentionally
Hamilton is driving angry!
Best wishes sir!!!!
verstappen got no class. he will do anything on and off track to stop hamilton. crazy driver.
There is a reason the word "Prix" is in the title of the sport, you have to kinda be one to be an F1 Champion.
I'm not going to listen to your video this time.  It was obvious that Hamilton messed up and was not paying attention.  Furthermore, I have yet to hear the simultaneous (time-synced) radio chatter between RB, Merc, and the stewards starting at the point RB instructed Max to "let him by, Max".  There was clear track, at least 2.5 car widths to the left of Max.  Hamilton "eff'ed up".
Anyone who watched the race and has a working mind would know what happened. You can do better than such a average youtuber muck title and thumbnail.. You have set your bar already too high
Reminds me a bit of Canada 2013, when Hamilton tried to brake before the DRS detection zone so Alonso would pass him before it. Also SPA 2008 where Hamilton got a massive penalty for letting Raikkonen through after cutting the chicane, only to pass him moments later
Standing restarts are at the root of all the controversy... just sayin'.  F1 embraces controversy.  It sells advertising.  It's become more of a show than motorsport.
Let’s give a 👍 for the wife, thank us later
he was told to stop and to give ham's position back right? so he did, he stopped, a little spiteful? yes, brake check? no
Love the competition and the aggressiveness but Max is a bit too aggressive if you ask me and at those speeds and especially on that track it can be very dangerous...
Hamilton did a few burn outs before the restart. And was way behind the regulated distance to the car ahead because of that. His blistering restart was partly because of this (heated tires, more grip). Stewards should have interfered there already but did not. And so on. the FIA were prime suspect in creating the mess. IMO a rolling restart after code red on street circuits should be standard. To avoid chaotic mayhem like this.
congratulations!
Landmines off the track, it surely is the only way, plus we get some new drivers each season, um per race...
the drama started  with Lewis ignoring  a double yellow  flag, and got away with it unpunished while verstappen got a 3-place grid penalty for it in Qatar..
The Drs line also played part. I think Hamilton did not receive e message that he was going to be let last but did realize that verstappen was probably trying to do so. Although you certainly could say he got a bitconfused with all those disruptions to the race. But he must have also thought that he was strategically letting him past in the Drs zone...
I clicked this video so fast Lewis Hamilton ran into the back of me
Great analysis, as always. Really love having this channel to view after such a complicated race. Next weekend is going to be insane.  P.S. Congratulations ^^
Max was told to let Hamilton pass but max wanted to let hamilton pass before the DRS line and I think that created the incident.
😂😂😂
I've been waiting for your opinion
Max brake checked him and should have points on licence and points deduction that could off been verry bad
Congrats to both of you. All the best ❤️
The Mercedes is so unfairly fast on the straights
One major thing leading to the collision was that Max wanted DRS on the main straight to pass Lewis back again. They should look at adding a rule that prevents drivers from retaking a given position back immediately after. If there are a number of laps remaining, maybe the given place needs to happen at the same location the incident originally happened at. A penalized driver should not get to choose when it's most convenient for them to give the place up.
FIA Formula One Stewarding is an Absolute Dumpster Fire!  It makes USAC, NASCAR, or the early to Mid 90s CART Stewarding look professional.  Races like this will occur and have all of the controversy until the FIA and Formula One decide to address this.
mouahahaha. I liked to save your mariage !
Congratulations on your marriage🙂
Hamilton was mature and kept cool. Verstapen's behavior was childish!
Have a happy honey moon! Hope to see you back with these great videos!
So if verstappens engine would have failed, would hamilton still reared him?
Lmao clearly a biased max fan who always praises max because it’s what he would do. Well you didn’t make it to F1 for a reason. also not once do you actually say with any conviction that verstappen was wrong how he drived. You make it sound like you want to mitigate his pathetic and unacceptable driving was just some sort of ignorant mistake with what he was trying to do with the drs. He’s crooked and underhanded and it won’t be long before he earns a long lasting reputation as a dirty driver with little respect on his name. Your videos won’t age well.
yes he did - the telemetry showed he put his foot on the brake - That's what the second penalty was for. Bored of Max Verstappen's desperation to win being enabled by a lack of penalties to keep the title chase close. At every opportunity Verstappen dives in, gets it wrong (Often but not always), pulls back on the track in front and then drives straight in front of everyone else making them to get out of his way...and often says we both ran off the track as justification for keeping the place. Then gets driver of the day. If he wasn't in a red bull he wouldn't be seen in such a great light. Horner enables him.
Yes, Max did brake check Lewis...to the tune of 2.6g deceleration. That's why he got an additional 10 second penalty. Too bad the FIA didn't park him for the next race. That's the only way the stupid F%$k will ever learn.
Verstappen is a sore loser. He should be banned from racing
I dont think Hamilton knows that everybody is looking F1 because of "this" guy.
Am i wrong in thinking that there's no rule stating you have to overtake when its convent for the driver giving up the position ? So Hamilton staying behind was fair.
Brake testing is not negotiable anymore! Telemetry talks the truth.. no one can argue on that
Congratulations on the wedding :))
Congrats on getting married mate 😊
LEWIS IS A SORE LOSER THAT'S THE ONLY EXPLANATION.
Forgot to add the bit where hamilton had like 7 seconds to pass max and decided to slow down and crash into him
Whats your opinion though? Were the penalties deserved? Who was at fault? Which incidents that need to be penailised?
Why do you assume he did it when lewis was a car lenght behind him? The public telemetry only shows a binary brake position, so either on or off. The speed graph shows a steady deaccelleration where Max actually hit the accelerator right before Lewis hit him. Imo the stuards looked at it as a break check because he was breaking durring the corner before the DRS-line, there is no evidence that shows it being a "highway brakecheck" other than the wording on the paper. As a driver yourself would you have refused to pass Max when his car just suddenly got slower? Or would there have been something in your mind that correlated the two events that occured durring that lap? Lewis is a extrodenary driver, so him missing something like that is hard to believe in my opinion, but he also knows the rules, and plays within the rules very well. Him refusing to overtake max is as of today totally legal. Lewis can stay behind and force Max to get a +5sec penalty from the stewards. The risk here is of couse that the nr.3 driver will catch them quite quickly if he tries to do so.  This whole debacle is in my opinion a result of poor regulation on how you procede when you give back a position.   In Monza I remember Ocon had some problems giving the position back to Latifi because Vettle was also close to Latifi. He managed to do so, but here Latifi could easily just decided to not take it and wait for the start/finish streight and Ocon would most likely lost 2 positions if that had happend.
Many (Max's fans) say "Why didn't Hamilton pass him from the leff?" Has it occurred to anyone that Verstapen was positioning in such a way that he would force Hamilton on to the wall there if he actually tried to pass at high speed ??  Because the way I saw it  that's what he was trying to do.  So Hamilton was having the following options :  A) He had to reduce speed to a laughable level, as he did and then pass slowly, so that Verstapen would pass him back as soon as DRS is enabled, probably still force him on the wall as well, depending on the speeds  B) Try to overtake normally and Verstapen may force him out of the race, the way he just positioned his car C) Stay behind him and we saw how that ended, then Max just brakes and they crash  I'm pretty sure Max was looking for that crash, one way or another and 10" penalty is really no punishment for that!! The way he took off after the crash makes me believe he wanted the crash, even more! He knew his tyres wouldn't last and needed that crash !  Add on top of that, that Lewis's engineers were just being informed that Max was instructed to let him pass, they literally had NO CHANCE to tell him.
I think in twenty years people will make video sabout this
He gave lewis the spot, lewis didn't want it because of drs trap. Lewis wrong on the incident. Stop
Congratualations on getting married! All the best to you!
MadMax Aggression will probably nor his Downfall!!
I think the main problem in the race was with the stewards who were pretty slow in decision making . Sure the frustration of both Max and Lewis is a factor but bad stewards made the race more chaotic than it should be . And it's not just the battle for the championship , the penalties are confusing , it has been going on for years . The drivers don't know what's legal and what isn't now ..
Yes
Great video! Congrats on the wedding!
Looks like Mad Max read the Schumacher playbook on winning. Break test Lewis, make him crash (even if both crash out), stay ahead in the championship for the final race. Worked for Schumi against Hill...
If you thought that track was crazy dangerous, imagine having to drive like that in the regular streets of this city + fast cars + rush hour + every street is narrower and worse than this track 😂💔  I pray every day to survive the car ride
Max did not brake test lewis.i even said to myself at the time he wantes the drs. He was just trying to be tactical not aggressive in that move
Congratulations on your wedding!
It seems to me that the majority of the time when Lewis can't make an overtake stick he backs out of the corner and goes again. Max just doesn't seem to have this in his repertoire, which is annoying to watch. He did pull off the most amazing overtake on the restart (although I think Lewis left the door open as he was concentrating on Ocon and not Max), which is fine, but when defending he has shown time and time again that he just doesn't care about going being the rules to protect his position. I could accept if it had happened once that it was a mistake, an accident, but you can't just keep doing it.  There need to be rule changes to prevent giving a place back and then training DRS to immediately take the place back. I'm flabbergasted that this isn't already in the rules as it has happened before. Max tried to do it twice, once causing a collision and the second time immediately retaking the position. The first occurrence of this should have resulted in a 5s penalty, the second I'd say a disqualification. I know people will find this harsh, and I never expected this to happen, but it's the only way to stop what could have been a very serious incident from happening, and for those saying it was nothing slowing down that much with the person following not having a clue what was going on, at those speeds is dangerous. If Lewis had done it, and he's no saint either, I'd be criticising him as well.
In my opinion there's no way only one of them should be getting all the penalties after this race. Lewis drove him wide 2 times and hit him in the back without 0 penalties is something ive never seen before. Also Max gave the place back on top of receiving the penalty lmao.
Congratulations on getting married!!! ❤️❤️💯💯 Love your content!!!💙💙
Brother I am new to your channel, you totally lost me with your commentary, MV Brake checked LH, end of story, tried to take him out n clearly saw the opportunity to win the Championship,, you know why he did what he did! Check your gut! I understand you’re trying to not be biased, but come on!! Call a Spade ♠️ a spade ♠️, thanks.
Max is dangerous he is going to kill someone one day! Every race there is a Max "Incident!" I say bring back gravel traps and have less run off areas lets see |Max go deep in the corners then! Also do away with DRS leave it to drafting! And finally do away with that stupid rule where you can make changes to the car under a red flag! It gives an unfair advantage to some drivers  PS Congratulations to you both
Grats on the marriage!
nope- Crastappen desperate.. Lewis will not do those modes.
Happy coupling! Great coverage. Let them race! Hope to see at least four drivers on the limit like this in 2022. Meanwhile Max to win this year`s championship, I sincerely hope. @ 06:49...Yep, I`d`ve given a few of those  *decisions*  back  to MM ;)
Verstappen drives like a insane kamikaze. He don't care about not finishing the race, seen the actual points in the ranking. What matters is that he takes Hamilton with him out the race. No points scored for bought and Verstappen world champion on a dirty way.
They both wanted to get the DRS zone. Sorry, I don't know your wife but if she talks to you like that, then kick her to the curb and you're better off
tied going into abu dhabi, this is gonna be a crazy race
Wow!  Congratulations!!
Max intentionally brake checked and should have been disqualified.
Happy Married Life 🎉🎉
What is Ladbrokes giving for odds of the Durchboy crashing out in Abu Dhabi.?  He’s a spoiled brat and his helicopter father is latching on to his brat’s laurels like a starving man.    No way is Dutch Boy better than a true champion, any champion, for that matter.
Lol! Congrats on your marriage! ....I hope it's calmer and more smooth than that crazy race!
Max was well out of order numerous times.
I wish F1 commentators could be this unbaised on the battles. Its hard to enjoy hamiltons talent with all the glory talk going his way...
Congratulations on your marriage. I have been married 46 years and loved every moment of it. I wish you and your wife all the best for the future.
This Grand Prix was an absolute disgrace for FIA, their decisions only clearly show they want Mercedes / Hamilton to win so the last race will focus a lot of attention. Verstappen was victime of Hamilton / Mercedes unsportsmanlike (yellow flag and Bottas blocking him, during formation lap Hamilton went at least 30 cars length despite only 10 are allowed to warm his tires, no penalty of course, Hamilton hitting Verstappen despite he had more than 10m on the left to pass but of course, it is Verstappen fault (wait, what ?) And of course all decisions were against Verstappen).  This race just prove F1 is not fair, Mercedes can cheat all they want, they'll be cleared of their cheating and victims will be punished by some random rule that will apply all of a sudden without even check the causes.  I won't watch F1 ever again, this is not racing, this is cheating. And I'm french, I don't care who wins, I do care when it is fair, F1 is a joke, period   I've seen much better decisions in iRacing, for ppl driving iRacing, it is obvious how low this statement might be.
for  a good long marriage ... i resubscribed
Couldn't Verstappen have rejoined at a shallower angle at the first restart?
Imagine this season without Max ;)
I hope for the last race. Something goes wrong for both of them. Both start from the back of the grid. In turn one both are taken out by Mazepin.
Verstappen gives so many Schumacher vibes, great driver, but such a sore looser. Verstappen honestly is one of the dirtiest drivers in a long time. I believe he wont think twice about making a double DNF happen in the final race and winning a ditry championship
Congratulations man
If it was the way around Verstappen fan would still say Hamilton fault 😂😂
Lewis is never wrong
Verstappen deserves a fucking race ban to be honest.....
He didn’t. He is obligated to give up the position, not give up the position where it suits Hamilton. Verstappen wanted to give it up quickly so he can then DRS overtake Hamilton on the straight. Hamilton was greedy for slipstream and didn’t like Verstappen’s idea. Otherwise, he could have easily passed Verstappen with plenty of room on both sides. What’s funny is that Hamilton didn’t know that Verstappen was ordered to give up a spot so for all he knew, Max was slowing because of engine trouble or something like that. In other words, no reason to waddle behind him… Hamilton is more liable.
more than the non existent break check i think  people should focus more on the part where max tried to crash Lewis out in wheel to wheel racing part
Funny how Max misses his breaking point every single time when somebody is passing him on the outside.
1. Did Verstappen get a 5-sec penalty and give the place back for the same incident?  2. Why isn't Bottas penalised for holding up the pack under the safety car? (or Mercedes for instructing him?) It's cheating, right? 3. Is it's a rule that a driver should keep within 10 car lengths of the car in front under safety car conditions, and did Hamilton flout that rule to screw over Verstappen's tyre temps? It's cheating, right? 4. Why does the FIA get on the radio to Mercedes about Hamilton running Verstappen wide, but not give any penalty to Hamilton? See my first question. It looks like Verstappen managed to get penalised twice for the same incident, but Hamilton gets nothing.
10s for Silverstone equal for yesterday, FIA JOKE
It is also worth to point out that Lewis was super slow coming to the first standing start (max was complaining about it on the radio) and therefore had warmer tires. There was a reaction time shown and Max had a 0.01 faster reaction yet Lewis easily passed him. Were those tires the reason why he had a better start? Was that within the rules?  Interesting race overall, it couldnt end better. Abu Dhabi will be such a thrill!
sorry his name is crashstappen
The FIA proved again how utterly incompetent they are, it's a disgrace to the sport, if they are this clueless, I'd rather have not a single steward and let them just race, this was a joke. I was a Hamilton fan from 2007 up till 2018 but this is BS. Hamilton saying he was confused, what bullshit is that mate, so he's saying if Max had some damage to his car he would have slowed down and not overtake him, right? I hate people who lie like this, it was obvious he knew what Max was doing and what he was doing, I have no idea why he didn't get a penalty for this or why he didn't get a penalty when he brake tested Vettel years ago. Rules are not consistent at all, the race made me sick to my stomach and if I didn't know any better, I'd say Max just suffered a clear case of driving while white, though luck.
Congratulations on the wedding, I can't believe you've got away with doing a video during your honeymoon!
Dirtstappen, crazestappen & madstappen! Such a disgrace to F1. Champions focus winning, losers focus champions.
The race was a shambles. If the FIA haven't got around to making a ruling regarding deliberately making no effort to make a turn, who can blame Verstappen? Remember Prost v Senna at Suzuka? Was Senna penalised? They've only had decades to deliver a ruling, yet this has happened continually this season.  Every team exploits grey areas, so what's the problem? NB I'm  a Hamilton fan.
You mentioned that Bottas held up Max but didnt go into detail on this. Same with why Hamilton was faster with the first restart. Because he left more then 10 cars behind max while driving to the grid. Tell the whole story or not at all.
congratulations on your wedding
Liked deployed, don't want any divorces on our hands here
Congrats to Mercedes and FIA for giving them free championship
Those runoff zones are in many places (such as this one) causing more problems than they solved. They really need to sort that stuff out for the next season, to make it clear what's allowed and what's not.
easiest answer for your video title:  No, he did not Hamilton made a mistake and blamed it on Verstappen.  He is always blaming someone for his own screw ups.
Lewis did it to vettel under the safety in Baku in 2018 if people remember and never got a penalty at all......so 🤷‍♂️
I honestly think Max didn't mean to break check Lewis. If you watch the footage again, he did move a bit to the right before the contact and even before that there was a lot of space as well. I think it was just some miscommunication. Btw, I'm a McLaren fan, so I'm not really supporting anyone in the title fight. If anything, I'm kind of tired of all the antics, mainly from Red Bull, so...
I hope lewis is oke, and had a good cry after the race
When Lewis makes mistakes or dirty moves, he's "confused" and "annoyed". When it's Max, he's a spoiled child. Clear case of history clouding perception. Tired, old narratives
Bottas blocked Max under VSC Bottas went off the track at turn 1 Lewis goes off track at turn 1 Lewis crashes with Ocon Lewis crashes into Max from behind, with an open straight road available to him. NO PENALTIES for MERC. hhhmmmmm, something stinks.
congratulations Happy wedding my friend  with the best wishes for you ❤ 💕
Married two days ago  Next day the Saudi Arabian gp woooow
0:15 Verstappen had no choice, he took an uncredebly amount of risk from start to end, which was the only way to end up at P1, Lewis simply has the better car and everybody knows that.  3:40 If Lewis took the corner normal, Max would have been in trouble, but Lewis made another mistake, which gave Max a really good excuse.  7:30 You can see he didn't brake hard, otherwise his lights would turn on, it was just Lewis not paying attention and assuming he would go full throttle there, which would have been logic if he hasn't been told to give Hamilton the P1 position.
May I remind everyone:  Saudi Arabia 2020: Big mistake from max he should have let lewis through in a more strategic place.  Jedda 2021: Mo max can't let lewis past strategically.  Honestly most f1 fans are just as inconsistent as the FIA
Congratulations on your marriage
Seems with all the technology that FIA could get the stats and data from Red Bull’s car to see if Max tapped the brakes or not. Every millisecond of his car is monitored and recorded. Just hand over the data Red Bull.
I don’t know what else the FIA can do to help Hamilton to take the title this year. Three attempts to swap places , plus 15 seconds in penalties. Perhaps in the last race, they’ll let Lewis have a lap head start just to make sure.
Hamilton not taking the position back was pure BS. Someone who is always trying to trick others, will think the same of them. Mr Inside bumpercar has done so many tricks himself.  He just shifted back and did not steer, you can't tell mee Mr Hamilton has no reaction while he has the ability to shift down and steer to the right.  He has no right to take the lead back on any point he likes. He has to take what he gets, but instead decides he wants DRS and he has all the right and he can just drive into some other cars.     Ramming into another car that is clearly giving way on a 4-car-wide track is unforgivable,  But the British are the kings and queens of hypocrisy of course. And the masters of the jury table.  Remember they left the friends group and wanted to keep coming to the parties (Brex).    Let's not talk about the safety car shenanigans, letting way too many car lengths  +Bottas blocking, Bottas doing a failed torpedo at the restart etc.  RB and Mercedes alike are on the edge, really interesting that Lewis can speed through double yellows, shunt cars etc, and we always find an excuse to let him go.
Lewisfan61
How did the FIA get away with saying Verstappen should let him pass and then later saying "nah you shouldnt have done that here is a 5s penalty instead". It makes no sense. Yes Max is driving maby a bit too crazy but that's what he does, if you dont just try then are you even racing? But the FIA has always been harder on him then Hamilton, its kinda bs.
I don't understand max penalty what if his engine went off and lose speed Lewis will hit him as well instead avoid 🤔?
Congrats for the wedding 🎉🎉🎉🎉
Somehow this was a horrible race
No he diddent brake test him max needed to let him go and he whant to do that before the drs detection point just like bahrein but hamilton followed him slowed down with him like he drived in a traffic no no no hamilton drived into max hamilton knew what the plan was be knew max was underinvestigation max did this before let him pass and make sure he have drs but lulu diddent whant that he diddent whant to overtake max its so obviously see the onboard hamilton sees he is slowing down and shift back with him hamilton is a sneaky dirty driver and max has to drive dirty the fia whants merc to win this and he is stolen by at least 45 points its ridicoules
Verstappen was never "forced" wide at turn 1. It's a chicane, the exit of turn 1 is the apex of turn 2, Hamilton was bang on the racing line. Verstappen was pushed wide only after he brake checked Hamilton where Hamilton got a warning. Verstappen was an asshole the whole race, simple as that.
BRO U BICTH SAME HAPPENED TO HAMILTON AND U SAID IT WAS NOT THE PROBLEM OF MAX AND THEN IT HAPPENED TO MAX AND THEN U ARE SAYING ITS THE PROBLEM OF HAMILTON U ARE MAX SUPPORTER
Though these past few races were quite exciting because of the rivalry it is a bit frustrating that in the current state of F1, it takes dangerous driving and unsportmanlike behaviour to get these exciting races. I hope this all changes with the new cars next year.
Funaly we have F1 happening. This the way you drive if you are a real driver.
Max singlehandedly saved F1 from a slow death, before his entrance in the sport everybody knew Hamilton would win, the other Mercedes 2nd, and 50 sec later whoever got 3rd.... Senna, Schumacher have godlike status because of their way of driving and ruthlesness. People are not used anymore to this.... So be honest, is this the best season of the last 15 years or would you rather see a Mercedes Cup race for p1 and 2, far infront of the other teams??
Yes. Yes he did.
For me this track isn't worth having on the calendar. All drivers probably agree but aren't allowed to say it. What a mess. Alonso said it best on the radio, hundred interruptions. I don't mean it because it's Saudi Arabia and these guys don't care about women and democracy, that would be another reason, but because the track is not suitable for F1 racing, end of story
On the restart with Icon on pole going into that corner Hamilton knew full well Verstappen wouldn't think twice about contact and taking both of them out as it favors him greatly. He had to make avoid Vertappen hitting him which accidentally had him going into Ocon. We have to remember that Hamilton was faster on Mediums than verstappen was on softs so Max was desperate.
Congratulations!!!
I love the cheeky plead to sub :) at least he's original, and the channel is incredible for newbie F1 fans like me.
Thank-you for an unbiased opinion showing the thinking and tactics between both drivers.
Long time follower, and all this time I thought I was subscribed. But your wife's ultimatum made me double check.   Great content as usual and congrats
Absolutely shocking drive by Veratappen, again showing everyone that the guy can’t race cleanly to save his life…
Bottas pulled so much illegal things, and hamilton also went faster in the VSC , and holding cars, not passing in DRS zone. all this is BS
Congratulations on your marriage. All the best for you both and God bless your marriage and future together.
Im kinda new to F1, but the thing that is weird to me is how much road Lewis had when Verstappen wanted him to pass, and peopel still seem to complain? It was in no way dangerous at all, if people just took a look at the footage they can very clearly see that it took several seconds before he decides to drive his car straight up Verstappens ass, confirming that there was alot of road before he even got close to Verstappen. I dont think the collision was Lewis or Verstappens fault, i blame it on Mercedes that for some reason did not comminicate to Lewis what was happening.
Congratulations man, you're gonna get more subs, I'll make sure of it, don't worry
Yes is the fucking answer and max verstappen should be disqualified for he’s disgraceful and dangerous drive.
Good explanation. I would be harder on  Verstappen. One of those incidents was the same as in Brazil where he didn’t brake to make the turn and over steered way off track leaving it up to Lewis to prevent a crash. Stewards didn’t deal with it then and I don’t feel they have dealt with it strongly enough now. So he’s going to keep doing it. This is not how I want to see a championship won.
If in an alternate universe you could have 20 Max Verstappens on the grid, not a single one of them would finish the race.
You didn't mention that Hamilton was like 20 car lengths behind during the restart like he always does whenever he isn't in 1st. Verstappen even voiced it and it was so blatant how far away Hamilton was on the tv screens (and their onboards and live data...) and not even an investigation.. You'd think after doing it over half a dozen times throughout the season from one single driver alone and nobody else that it would finally warrant a look-into... Even when Verstappen stopped in his grid spot, Hamilton would still be doing burnouts 5-7 seconds after Verstappen was stationary.... And then he'd STILL snail his way into his grid spot after the final burnout... Verstappen made that lunge because he was annoyed as fuck about Hamilton's cheap tactic to cool Verstappen's tires.. Verstappen wasn't having ANY of it in the first corner.  Then there was the unsportsmanlike behavior of going passed his delta time multiple times in between checkpoints during the virtual safety car periods to try and get under Verstappen's skin and trying to mess with him mentally. Yet another cheap tactic. Plus when you watch the onboard footage of Hamilton during the supposed 'brake check', Verstappen can't see DIRECTLY behind him, only Hamilton sees exactly where Verstappen is. All Verstappen knew was that he really wanted to get the pass done before the DRS zone and very much likely didn't expect Lewis to be fucking FIVE feet behind him after gradually slowing down for a LONG ass time- I mean, why the FUCK would Hamilton stay behind him when he's THAT close!? Going that fast and that close was nonsensical on Hamilton's part to begin with, even if he was confused about the potential unseen yellow flags or something. Verstappen didn't know Hamilton didn't get the message, he was just thinking "why hasn't he overtaken me yet?"  Face value, Verstappen looks like he's an asshole. But Hamilton was definitely an instigator and also made plenty of petty/antagonizing moves himself TOO. Hamilton then had the audacity to pretend he was in the inferior car with statements like "I did the best I could with what I had" and the more annoying "It's difficult to fight with a driver who doesn't work with the same rulebook" as if he is a bloody saint himself. Literally as he's saying that, he knows he's bullshitting because he consciously broke the rules..
I am more interested in the sublime. Why was alonzo trying to get fastest lap?
I know, Verstappen did make huge mistakes here, but please mr. racing god let Hamilton loose this awful string of world championships. Hamilton is an alien, too fast and almost never makes mistakes. And then his comments on the radio, I can't hear them anymore. He did win this race. So what? Let it come to a showdown.
For me as a fan (I'm a Lando Norris fan), Max is driving like an asshole. Every driver on the grid drives pretty clean except him. I get it it's a title battle, but where do we draw the line? I like Sainz's style too, it's very clean.
Its completely unacceptable to have drivers motivated to almost completely stop on a green flag track to gain an advantage (with the DRS detection point). There will have to be a rule put in place for this scenario. Something MUCH worse could have happened....
For me it throws more insight into how Max drives on the Silverstone incident.  Any other driver would have conceded the place to Lewis once he was that far ahead, but Max has learnt over time that if he just F*in sends it there's a chance he might scoop it up afterwards anyway or at worse the stewards look at the incident and of course he was infront when X happened because he just didn't bother to brake enough or attempt make the apex. You take the other guy wide with you and it's waved off as a racing incident.  This of course happened again at Brazil, several times at Jedda and was the same process behind Monza.  There's a line between hard fair racing and what is Max's standard style of abusing the rules to get what he wants.   Sadly with Max ahead on wins I can't see any wheel to wheel racing between Max and Lewis to be fair as Max just simply needs Lewis not to finish.
But is it legal/allowed to force a driver wide allowing him no room to stay on the track?? Hamilton knew verstappen was on his outside but still left him no room
Confusing race, good job explaining both sides like always. Stewards had the hardest race in this one I believe. Enjoy your honeymoon!
So, verstappen has got to give the position back twice (!), AND giving a 5 second penalty, AND a 10 second penalty afterwards because hamilton refused to take over? Hamilton pushes Ocon aff track, cashes into Verstappen (what the f#$% was he doing so close behind verstappen???? get by man!) and pushed max off track whil passing him and doesn't even get a reprimand!!!!! En what about Bottas which leaves alsmost a quarter of lap behind Hamilton to get time for a pitstop under ed falg situation???  Really, this isn't racing, this is just cheating with the FIA on your side man...... I must confess that max drove wild, rash, and could do that because of his position in the championship, but this is just not funny anymore. For all the hamiltonfans who are happy; if he wins the wdc, this ins't a nice one (pushed max off track at silverstone, cheating with extra engines which the crank up to the max, cheating with the rear wings and now this race) First he only wins because of a dominant car, and when a young racer with a lesser car gets in front he shows his dark side.  And everybody wondering why he's getting booed....  i hope BOTH drivers will keep it clean, and the rocketmotor in the merc will be tuned down because of usage, and max won't do anything rash we WILL see a fantastic ending of this crazy season!
Great vid as usual. Congratulations too!
If max managed to ensure that Lewis did not finish his race, it would have worked to his advantage.
Blackmail is always a good sign from a “new wife”!
Congratulations on your marriage. May God bless your life 💐💐
SOMEONE TELL ME PLEASE HOW BEST DRIVER IN THE WORLD, IN BEST MOTORSPORT IN THE WORLD, CAN FOLLOW SLOW CAR FOR LIKE 5 SEC AND STILL HIT HIS BACK AND NOT PASS HIM OMFG WAS HAMILTON BLIND? STUPID? OR LIKE TYPICAL HAMILTON WHERE FIA WILL LOVE HIM WITH SKY AND ALWAYS DEFEND HIM? DISGUSTING
Congratulations!
Congrats on the wedding! Hoping you don't run wide on turn 3.  :)  Cheers!
Whoever at RedBull decided to put Verstappen onto the medium tyre with 40 laps to go made a big mistake. Had to nurse the tyres home at the end. Should've followed Hamilton into the pits 1st of all to get his tyre change over-with, and then should've switched to new set of hards on the restart. Definitely feel's like the pressure is getting to Max, making lots of crazy attacks atm. I hope he calms it down for the final race. He won there last year, the Red Bull car should give a decent chance of winning it cleanly!
I think after Silverstone Max decided to never give space to Lewis
Definitely subscribed 😂😂
i would say this was a similar situation as the HAM VETtel brake-test incident in Baku 2017, ie a racing incident as the stewards agreed upon back then.  VER tried to get HAM in front before the approaching DRS point.  HAM was right behind and on to the game being played out, although he denied knowing VER was giving the position back, but he slowed to the same speed were he also could've just passed but chose not to, so he knew, why deny, didn't know F1 drivers flopped like footballers?    HAM was way too close for comfort, as VETTEL was in Baku back in 2017 and made an error there, should've held position out of VER's line to be safe, it could have even come to a near 'surplace' like they had on some SC rolling restarts.  Max should've been more to the right side of the track instead of the center, and the braking just wasn't an option to deny HAM getting DRS at this point with the car positioning, an error from his side, not a deliberate brake-test as many would have it, where's the risk/reward in that?  Both made bad calls here, in Baku VET was hit with a penalty for wheelbanging HAM in anger after the assumed brake test, the incident itself was viewed as racing, hard racing, but still, racing.    On the bad restart from P1,  Max's instructions for the launch setting were given over the radio as "set to low-grip launch".   On the second restart they advised to do the same, but Max responded "nah, that felt terrible" so they used a different setting which seemd to work out better from P3 on Mediums, giving him a shot at braking later and still make the corner.  Still don't get why BOTTAS holding back the pack behind the safety car beyond regulation car lenghts wasn't investigated Would also be nice to see a compilation of HAM's agressive style (v Massa par example) in his earlier years, then discuss HAM's comments on being over the line....
“Hamilton willing to push drivers wide, as well as Verastappen” 😂😂😂 yes, but Hamilton stays on track in the meantime…
Congrats man !!                        I am pretty sure that Max was indeed trying to force Lewis to pass just before the DRS detection line and Lewis did not want to do so. Seeing Lewis tucked right up behind him after 5 downshifts, Max got annoyed and simply thought, “OK I am still ahead on points, HAVE THIS”,  braked to damage Lewis’s wing, then accelerated away. It was a win /win for Max either way (both DNF or Lewis broken wing), BUT…. Lewis was able to continue…… quickly. Lewis could have and should have shot by on the left given the pace he had, DRS line or no DRS line. Both made questionable decisions IMHO.
congrats mate
I really dislike the crybaby Hamilton is. Hes not a racer (anymore) hes just trying to get people behind him by showing how sad and fragile he is. I hope this will be Hammies last season as i cant stand the guy anymore :S. Not even to mention how he gets away with (almost) everything. It is exactly as Mercedes wants it to go, all the attention is now on Max brake test while Hammie violated rules multiple times and nobody is talking about it
quite a race....
its just a goddamn race move on with your lifes
CONGRATS MAN, ur wife is very lucky!
Congratulations. I thought you are already married to your youtube channel 😊
If he had pulled it off it would have been amazing however I said at the near miss on turn 1 that he's out of control and will bin it before the end.   Max also knew he was ahead of Lewis, he said in an interview he could see he was .3 ahead and he knew he only needed .15.   Rookie mistake from a hot headed spoiled brat! Don't get me wrong I think he's a future great but daddy Jos and Uncle Horner need to stop telling him his balls are made of gold. If he fucks up he needs to learn and I'm getting annoyed with potential battles being ruined by max just sending his car into other drivers, not just Lewis. In his first season they had to introduce "the verstappen rule" to stop him using his car as a weapon weaving in front of people.   Like I said I like max, I just hope he grows up and gives us some proper battles instead of this stupid kid with a god complex that Horner and Jos have created.   It's not just max, Horner done the same to vettel. He didn't grow up until he left red bull either.  P.s. congrats on the wedding!
BTW if Max intentional causes a crash in the final race HE WILL be eliminated from the championship.  Research what happened to Micheal Schumacher.  I'm sure the FIA will make this VERY clear  to both teams all week 😉😉
All are confused by the offer from the FIA that Max could start behind Lewis, but isn't it normal? The only weird thing to the situation was that there was a red flag, so Max had absolutly no chance to let Lewis pass.
I think Hamilton's fault is this crashing into Max's car... srsly you see him closing in so fast and instead just pass he drove behind him till last moments... imagine honda broke or lost power or whatever other reason, it happens then what, everyone will crash into each other? I think Hamilton was so surprised and confused by it he didn't react as he should. Overall this race was fun to watch... Abu will be fucking insane now, one of them must be just 1 position ahead even if they finish at 9th and 10th one of them must be in front or it's over :D
I helped you out with a sub! <3
Congrat dude for your wedding.  please share this with all aggressive fans
Congrats ❤️ Enjoy life and don't push too much to do videos. We know you'll be back as good as ever!
This incident was a failure to properly communicate. Hamilton didn't know what was expected until after the contact. Verstappen's team told him to surrender position which he tried but Hamilton did not know he was expected to overtake. The sudden braking caught him by surprise.
You suggest Crymearivermilton running Verstappen wide is racing but Verstappen running Crymearivermilton wide is unfair to the fans?  Are you letting your heritage influence your perspective?  There were many events at that same corner without the stewards issuing time penalties or demanding teams swap, others that were regulated.  But non are being discussed as unfair to the fans, except for the Britts love fest with their cryboy.  Either let them race and accept the results or have them all line up behind Crymearivermilton and play follow the leader.
Congratulations on your marriage.  Best of luck to you both.
Was it allowed that Bottas held up Verstappen? And what about Hamilton holding up the entire grid while verstappen was left at P1 with the restart?  Since you didn't shed your light on your last statement that Hamilton pushed Verstappen off track at turn 27, what is your analysis on this move?
it was BS
Sorry, but Lewis was in no way confused. He knew exactly what was going on. Before Verstappen hit harder in the brakes he got slower and left a lot of space on the left side, so that Lewis can overtake. But Lewis knew full well what might happen to overtake short before the DRS zone. So he refused to overtake and Verstappen then hit harder on the brakes to force Hamilton to overtake. But Hamilton still refused to overtake, and then he pulled to the left to avoid crashing, but it was to late. Not shure whom to blame for it. I am not a Hamilton nor Verstappen fan, but I got the feeling that Hamilton get's away to many times with things he has done.
Aggressive moves as the one on the inside On Hamilton with Ocon are the moves I like about Max Verstappen, aggressive but fair. He made the corner.  But his move in Brazil and in Jeddah a few times are not okay in my opinion. It was obvious Max wasn't going to make the corner. But the FIA is also creating the problem. They should have given Max a penalty in Brazil. So I also understand Max saying after the race in Jeddah "In Brazil it was not a penalty and now it was". This goes back to the first GP in Bahrain with tracklimits and section 27-3 of the Sporting Regulations. They should uphold this rule right from the start of a season.  F1 cars are no Nascars or Porsche Supercup cars that a bump on the side does little damage. There are so many pieces that can break that are important for the airflow and thus for the performance of the car that a driver cannot just miss a corner to try and stay ahead of another driver and let the other driver decide if it will be a crash or not.  And Max has been doing this a few times too many in the last races. The FIA has some homework to do for next season. Also creating a gap during a safety car to make a double pitstop possible should not be allowed.
Max really is a danger, we all want competitive racing bit again he could have caused a serious accident.
Congrats
I miss Charlie Whiting.
Personally, I hate this track since there are no real run-off areas in case of an accident, the track is too narrow, too fast, does not provide much overtaking chances (except if you a purely faster car) and like most new tracks, constant debates about cutting corners. There is plenty of san din the middle east, please make some sand/gravel boxes. These kind of things are not an real issue on tracks like Austria.
I see remarkably few people talking about the VSC on lap 36, that caused the incident on lap 37, which came out just as the 2 were entering the sector one corners that Max gained 8-9 tenths on every lap. Then ended just as the two were coming onto the long back straight where Lewis made up all his time each lap. That's the only reason Lewis ever had the run into turn 1 to begin with.   Not suggesting foul play, it's just that there couldn't be worse timing than that for Max's defense.
Yes he brake checked Lewis. Listen I would say if he made contact and still gave place id say fair enough. Although he braked suddenly while Hamilton was right behind then just drove off. Let's say this wasn't illegal brake check the move he was gonna do was illegal it was gaining a lasting advantage via DRS which has been penalised in Monza for an Alpine i'm pretty sure
As always Lewis can hold his head up high as not only the GOAT but also the fairest driver in the history of the sport. Lost a huge amount of respect for Max
No. He gave back the position "strategically". 😅  GO SUPER MAX ✊
Congratulations on your marriage
Max being max, never going to learn unless the FIA start to do multipliers for penalty’s - a driver repeatedly causes incidents (we know the type) the punishments go up much quicker than they do today, had such a system been in place in say 2009, Lewis would have had about 2 race bans that year, Max seems to be in a run of years where he is simply a dirty driver yet gets away with it and needs something doing before he kills someone… Could all be moot as next year we could have a 22 car championship, a truly best driver wins one (Max is the fastest out there IMHO so will likely win the 2022 championship, just be nice if it was clean)
I think that the most obvious conclusion I have reached being a massive F1 enthusiast is, this circuit is simply to narrow and fast for F1 or even F2. The amount of time it takes to clear and clean the track, the lack of visibility around the fast corners combined with the a strict time frame it takes to deploy flags/safetycar to make sure that those behind coming trough those fast corners are aware of what is happening is simply not possible. I feel we were lucky that much heavier and lethal incidents were avoided this time round, but it does not change the fact for future events. Close car racing sure, I'm all for it on this track, open car!? simply to fast and dangerous. My conclusion after yesterday is that i would prefer this race to scrapped from the calendar! Congrats on your wedding and have a great honeymoon.
Forgot about the race. Congrats about your wedding!
Nope… end of the story
Great video. Thanks for taking time out to talk to us.   Why can sky sports use f1 video but YouTubers can’t? I don’t know why liberty media is doing..
It's clear we are seeing a gentleman race a spoiled, dangerous, immature kid.  Mercedes is right to say that Verstappen is dangerous. The only reason they don't crash more often, or even get hurt, is due to Hamilton's control and maturity.
First, congrats on your wedding!! I don't have your experience as a driver, but I can see, we share about the same opinion about what happened this weekend. And there is more. IF, Verstappen has made “a brake test” on Hamilton, than Hamilton has nothing to compline about. He did exactly the same test on Sebastian Vettel in Baku, for not so long time ago. And not just that. He did it after a turn, where Vettel had no chance of avoiding him, because nobody can see around the corner. Yesterday he had plenty of space to drive around Verstappen.  Thing is that Hamilton has more experience, and is better to pack those “illegal moves” in, in a way so not each time it is easy to find out if he did it intentionally or not.  SO, HE IS FAR FROM BEING A SAINT ON THE TRACK.  I'm not saying Verstappen is.  In my opinion, they both are racing for the title, and the pressure must be enormous. So mistakes are to be made. For me, it is just racing. Of course, when lives are in danger, it's something else.
Did he yes he did as proven by the G’s etc . Nope not subscribing to this shite
Congratulations!
Congrats man! Here's to a long happy marriage for you my friend! :)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGZWiPa2R8 Well, you got it quiet wrong if you look at the telemetry. In conclusion; Verstappen got fucked AGAIN by fia while Hamfist gets away with another attempt on the life of another driver; he tried to slash the tyre and succeeded.
I'm wondering why such a brakecheck could surprise a 7 time world champion. BTW during the formation lap they are also do braking and surprisingly no one complains for brake checking. It would be good to move the DRS detection points to be 50 meters before DRS zones to avoid any tricking. I also agree, that Michael Masi is not the right person in his position.
Ahh, I knew you would give us some insights. Haven't watched it yet, but I'm sure I will like your thoughts.
Verstappen didn't go wide. The contact with Hamilton changed his direction
Max is reckless and thinks he is outside of the rules. The FIA and RBR need to reel him in and temper his ego before he gets someone seriously injured or killed.
Already subbed so i hope a like helps haha
I just don't like Hamilton 🤬🤬🤬🤬
Max can't tolerate anyone overtaking him 🙁
Do you feel more sure about who is gonna tske the title after the saudi arabia or your thoughts are the same as your previous video ?
LOL had to like the video after that request
I don't think the fia was fair at all max had to give the position to hamilton and still got a 5 second penalty
As a LH fan... NO MV did not brake check LH. But he did NOT follow standard procedure to let someone pass, while he did slow down he kept moving side to side.. but there was no need for for a penalty as it was just a racing incident that caused more damage to LH than MV.  Having said that Max is eventually going to hurt or kill someone☠☠...he is a great driver but is out of control, he must understand EVERY CORNER IS NOT HIS!!!😉😉
You guys love max so much you defend all he does and come up with all the excuses for him. Max cheated and keeps cheating and then you fanboys keep defending bad racing.
Let's tell it like it is, Verstappen is thug and his team is with out class.
congrats
And you're telling me that Mr World Champion didn't have the reaction time to brake and/or avoid Verstappen? Running into him was as intentional as was Verstappen braking there
If Hamilton would hit the band, the steward would penalize the band this weekend. It's sad that FIA is so much helping Mercedes. I know that my perspective is biased but whoever I have talked to has the same opinion on the matter.
Congratulations on your marriage. Have a nice life.
Seriously what do people expect? Seriously?  In a close championship fight there will be collisions.
yes
Hamilton deserves black flag for deliberate wrecking into Verstappen rear.
Congrats on the marriage! Although I'm not sure if you want to reach the subs target or not by the way you asked for help hmm
Masi totally lost! how on earth Max get's 5 seconds, then more 10 seconds and points to his license for same infringements, Every driver knows who hits from behind has the most culpability, you don't have to be a FIA fiscal for that. A great mess overall.  Lewis was snoozing when he hit Max, he should have positioned himself along Max not straight behind when Max was reducing speed.
Good to see a Brit with an unbiased opinion. Great vid.
FYI.  Don’t care for either driver.  Did Max brake check Lewis, I don’t think so. If you heard the radio call from Massy race director to Mercedes. Massy states we told you Max would give place back. Call was too late. Think Massy told Red Bull to swop place with Lewis, but did not tell Mercedes. Max braked slowed down but did not pull to right or left to let Lewis by, think Max thought Lewis knew. With Max known for not yielding also new super fast narrow circuit Lewis was cautious. Massy to blame on this one.
If a lower ranked driver would of carried on like Verstapen the black flag would of come out, he’s turning F1 into a banger race with his desperation to prove to his father I’m the best.
Congrats on your recent nuptials! Best wishes to you and the missus!
So it’s okay for Hamilton to run max off the track no problem but when max bites back it’s “against the rules” 🥱
Ham did as much erratic driving as Ver not overtaking him when he slowed down so much in a full speed zone, and also pushed another driver off track. They should both be penalized, yet another instance of the FIA/stewards penalizing the outcome instead of the infringement!
It’s called break test!
FIA confirmed that he did brake hard
At this point, who do you think will win the championship ? My bet is Max would take out Hamilton right at the start and won the championship merely based on more 1st place wins even though they were equal on points.
Poor Crying Lewis 😢
congrats on the nuptials!
A great video man. Those white lines and kerbs exist for a reason because drivers have to keep their car between them its not an illegal street race or something that is not regulated, cutting corners make a race frustrating and feels like rookie mistakes. Max and lewis should both keep it clean and respectful.
congratulation on your marriage !
I'm sure verstapen will collide with Hamilton in the last race to win the title 😂
Hamilton was confused and didn't understand why Verstappen was slowing down.. what a joke !  Lets face it if it was a engine failure or damaged tire, Hamilton would pass Verstappen without any hesitation….   Saying this he knew exactly what was going on but simple didn't like to be first entering the DRS zone !   So Max was instructed to slow down and let Hamilton pass and Hamilton was “smart” enough to stay behind him… as result Verstappen was frustrated and slowed down more…   From my point of view Max was may to aggressive slowing down, and Hamilton was to “smart” to pass him… lets face it if Verstappen would not slowed down little more they both with enter the DRS zone with 80km/h…    Next Hamiton was so frustrated so he pushed Verstappen off track and this fully understandable in Hamiltons position ? Think how Verstappen felt when Bottom slowed down under yellow flag and Hamilton in the formation lap … more than 10 cars distance…   In short both are responsible for this dramatic show.. this what you get when racing becomes politics.
Congratulations 🎊
Congratulations!!
7:45 It's very weird to read the penalty report on verstappen being "erratic." But the most erratic thing I saw was Lewis Hamilton not making a pass for the lead. The whole point of racing has been turned up on its head and Verstappen is the weirdo because he did everything he could do to comply with a ruling that was handed down by the stewards?
Maybe the brake checking wasn't fair or legal, but the second time he let hamilton go and overtook hamilton afterwards was fair in my eye
Max is yet to show us a clean wheel to wheel battle, find me some video evidence of it against a top driver, I challenge you. He always pushes them out, he doesn’t know how to dummy, he doesn’t read his opponent’s moves and build them up for the bout like Lewis did to him in Brazil as he strategically put him where he wanted for the over take, took three laps. Max is impatient, and aggressive. The championship got to a point where you either have it or you don’t.  That’s what differentiates the men from the boys, dealing with pressure…
Pfffffffff really you guys .... NOOOOO HE DIDINT he wanted to let him pass and hamilton made a mistake as he couldnt decide were to pass then blames max for driving bad while their would be clearly no other reason for him to slow down but a pass by hamilton so it was messed up but actually hamiltons own fault because max barely moved he could have gone left or right and all that max could see 2asa front wing sitering so he hit rhe gas again as lewis fucked up
If Senna or Schumacher were in Max's place they would've break-tested much harder aiming for DNF's. Schumacher got his first title break-testing and people still consider him the GOAT. Dog-fighting is way more exciting than one team and one car dominating since 2014 and the introduction of the hybrid engines.
British bias, what else is new
3:11 Was Hamilton's great start anything to do with having warmer tyres and brakes due to being more than 10 car lengths behind Verstappen, or does it not make that much of a difference?  Edit: I'm not asking if the 10 car lengths thing is legal or not (this seems to have been clarified already), I'm more asking how did Hamilton gain such an advantage in that restart. Was it from warmer tyres and brakes, or was it purely from better clutch control etc.
Well Lewis did same brake test thing to Vettel in Azerbaijan
"oh the drs line is coming up, I better not pass" said no driver ever when a car is slowing down for no obvious reason in front of you.
Congrats!!
Don’t worry. Subscribed!
A true honest non biased take on Max and Lewis. thanks. congratulations on the wedding!
Will Lewis be a 8 Time Champion?    Or will Max make his dream come true?  Either way, It will be epic!
Reminds me when schumi was driving, exciting times. Red bull need to stop being Karens.
Congrats on your marriage!
CVS also be people want to say that Max tried to Ray Lewis and Lewis wants to cry like a little fish even though he's a seven-time world champion and he's supposedly the best out there so he should be able to handle all this pressure while Mexico he wrecked the motherfuking next week and just try to kill him and me that's what people f****** thinking you did anyways Tony just up and go ahead and do it win the championship that way got the paperwork right
lol, you act in the video as it is as objective story you are telling. However, it is not the case at all
Congrats on the wedding! Next weekend is going to be nuts! Just hope FIA don't act as much as this grand Prix because their work was a complete mess! Max is what it is and he had a ton of luck during all race on not to have a puncher with all those touches...but I hope he wins the championship! It's time for another champion!
Verstappen is as filthy as Schumacher was to try to win the world championship. & Sky Sports F1 - are so incredibly Red Bull fans, Brundle and Coulthard were brown-nosing RB so much, with Damon Hill the only saving grace.
I am curious why you are ok with drivers defending by forcing the other driver off the track. I heard this from multiple racingdrivers. I get that this is a straightforward powermove and it is a handy tool in defense but afaik it is also against the rules since "all the time you have to leave a space" if the other car is next to you and not behind you.  Here Verstappen was almost fully next to Lewis when he cut straight to the apex leaving no room for Max to take the corner.  The other thing I dont understand in your explanation is regarding how Verstappen gave the position back to Lewis. I need to check the rulebook on this but he let the other driver fully in front of him. I suspect there is no ruling about how long or how far you have to stay behind for it to count as a position change.
imagine the people that didn't watch the race looking at the results thinking it was a boring Ham Ver Bot
keep SLURPING for the M<erc
Not a Hamilton racing fan, but you have to appreciate against all odds how he won the race. A lesser driver would have been taken out by Max and left high and dry with no means of competing for the championship.
Hamilton’s never known what it’s like to fight in an inferior car, that’s why we’ve rarely seen him having to go over the limit to try win a race
My concern about this whole situation is, when FIA says to a team to give the position back, can the car behind choose to not overtake at the time? Because if they can, then this is a thing Alonso could take advantage of, and if they can't, so why was Verstappen given the 5 sec, because he slowed down, and went to the dirty side, if I were at his position and the guy behind me don't overtake, I would brake too
Stellar breakdown!  Imo, I feel like Lewis knew exactly what was happening before the DRS checkpoint, but decided to outplay Max by staying behind.   Max then got frustrated that Lewis stayed behind and (without thinking it through) hit the brakes, so Lewis would get the message and pass him, resulting in what Lewis wanted, so he could shift the blame to Max.   Overall, this race was a mess. I feel like some of Max penalties were justified, but also feel that Lewis should have gotten some. He just knows how to play the game better than Max, and his experience shows
These wife’s , always so hard on their men 😅
Congrats bro 🥳
The racing is really terrible this year, because the drivers are being allowed to get away with crowding other cars off the track.  Cast your mind back to Hamilton vs Rosberg, which was also a very bitter rivalry, but they could at least get through a few corners side by side without taking each other out.  The duel in the desert was the best example of this, where we were treated to the spectacle of them going side by side for multiple laps.  I really miss good racing like this.  It's ironic, and pretty sad, that this new "let them race" philosophy has actually resulted in worse racing.
to stop the offroading they really need more damage done to the cars. If you want to get back on at the beginning of the corner it is smooth and easy to get back on but at the end of the corner you make the curb 6" high. So as a driver you get to either lose a bunch of places by backing up or turning around and go back to the smooth entry and saving your car or you can get on the end of the corner and rip the bottom of your car to pieces. I know one thing it would stop off roading real fast.
Max is a psycho but I love it lmao
Congratulations and thank you for finding time to make this video! Very nice summary.  To all that now hate Verstappen's frustrated driving style, imagine Silverstone or Hungaroring or Monza didn't happen. Now Max might have already been a champion and the aggressivity would have been lower. Some say that Hamilton is the luckiest driver by some margin... well I believe it, although I would love to see some statistics to be sure.   What do you think about Lewis' start delaying tactics? Is it possible that Max had such a bad first restart because Lewis took too long to form the grid?
Congrats on the marriage!
I don't agree this time. To start with, Verstappen didn't have the same pace. He's been going wide everywhere the whole weekend to get the same times Hamilton did with wider margins. Even with mediums, he was at the "same" pace as Hamilton with hards. Hamilton went wide to defend, delaying the braking, but still going inside the track. Verstappen delayed the braking after losing the position and went wide outside the track. There was no way he could make that turn at that speed. You can't compare an aggressive and legal defense move with an insane illegal one. They let him get away with it and he'll keep doing it every time. I don't even talk about the brake check, it was more than evident that he wasn't trying to give the position. If he wanted to make it clear that his intention was to let Hamilton pass, the right maneuver would have been to move more to the side. I understand that, without Verstappen, Hamilton would be a dominant force that nobody else can match. It's not the kind of racing I want to see but I'd rather take that before Dick Dastardly style driving. I can't believe he was chosen driver of the day. F1 fans and F1 management are turning what used to be a sport into Roman Coliseum entertainment.
No one is talking how Bottas stopped Max from racing pathetic!!!!
Why didn't Lewis just... Drive around Max??? Regardless of the DRS point, Lewis allegedly hadn't been told about Max being to let him past so at that point any driver would assume with the lack of speed from Max would have meant he had a car problem and you'd just keep going. Why just hover right behind him and clumsily drive into him?
Congratulations 🎉🎊🍾🎈
In the final race, the FIA need to not get involved in any way. Final race is no holds barred, anything goes, do what you need to do to win.
As a neutral fan, aka I fon't care who wins the championship, they both (drivers) have been out of line multiple times. Mercedes has done dirty moves with Bottas to gain points and RedBull would have done the same had checo been able to be up there more. The whole blame game is dumb af, they are both in the wrong as much as they are in the right. For me the MVP is Gasly. He's been doing impressive stuff from the backfoot. (Yes yes champ contenders ofc are superskilled)
Iam always looking forward for your insights. Congratulations and wish you all the best.  from ur #1 fan in the Philippines
I don't rly like bro but i want him to have a successful marriage so i'll sub
Great analysis - thanks. Really really good. Roll on Abu Dhabi! I also agree Lewis was a bit pushy on his overtake unusually for him.
Max became my favorite racing driver ever he really races like everyone of us did in need for speed or any racing game ever like if you scared to race him don't and just sit be hide him what the point of them making cars better for overtaking when u don't let them defended like lions.
Man to man battle is how it should be, just like Senna did. No more dramaqueen or penalties
Hamilton is just a primadonna and he doesn't like fighting...the stewards for sure are in favour of him on the other side Why nothing was done to Bottas and the team to slow down the redbull?
Basically Max was  told to slow to let Hamilton past but Hamiltion didn't get the message and thought Max was playing silly buggers for the DRS line, made and error and rear ended Max.....end of story.
Still waiting for that 5 second post-race Bottas penalty similar to the 10 second post-race Verstappen penalty.
Congrats on getting married👍🏻.....Yes he did break test Lewis.... who on Earth in f1 history accelerates immediately after getting crashed into the back of the car... unless your trying to damage the car behind you you see what’s just happened.
Congrats on the wedding  💑 , while we would like to see Max win we can't forget what Hamilton did in Brazil, this shows he is willing to fight to the last. But it would be nice to see Max win the championship, loving evey bit of this. Looking forward to this weekend.
give hiM the position back stWutegicaLLeh, hilarious how these Netflix fans don't know that hamilton got penalized for doing the  same to Kimi in 2008 yet they expect special treatment for max LOL
Congratulations on your wedding! 🥳🥳🥳 MaFIA works well
Congratulations on getting married
We see a guy who doesn’t read f1 rules… max fan
Each team can see the data from other teams and hear the conversations. Mercedes would have known the instruction to Max about letting Lewis pass. Lewis has the better car and enough time to overtake Max time and again.
Hamilton is a cheat but what's worse is that the stewards are completely biased in his favour.  F1 has always been marred by politics but that hardly makes it right.
Just only found this "Driver 61" Finally somebody who knows WTF is going on 🤓
I would love a video on the apparent FIA bias as Max seems to be allowed to run people off the road, as a long term fan if Lewis I know I am biased so it would be nice to have all the incedents from this year lookef at in one video.
vestappen starting to look like early schumacher, as he is willing to do anything, legal or not, to win the championship, what a shame
One piece of advice that I'll give you from a long time married dude.  Happy wife Happy life. Congrats mate and love your work.
Crap track.
Congratulations on your marriage!  Smart woman! ;).  and great content as always.  Enjoy!
Congrats on your wedding ! Concerning the race, it was as crazy as exciting, but I'm very disappointed with Max´s attitude. I think, next week it will be spooky.
The Saturday crash of Max was a huge indication that he still needs more maturity. Sunday race was even more proof of that. To be honest, there is a chance he might not be crowned champion this year because of this. Hamilton, on the other hand, well... he needs no introduction.
Congratulations on the wedding
Do you feel like the "pushing off track" part is now acceptable after what happened in Brazil? After the race Dr. Marko was complaining that Lewis pushed Verstappen off track but I don't think RB are in the position to critizie that move when Hamilton easily made the corner there...  And:congrats on your wedding!! :)
Congratulations on your wedding. Isn't there a rule that Hamilton got caught on in 2008ish  when he passed Kimi at spa and gave him the place back then overtook him again.Now the FIA argument was once you give a place back you can't make a pass for at least 1 corner.
LH Down shifted two times he had enough time to pass Max but he didnt want to or even tried to puncture his tyre.
Like we say in The Netherlands: Enjoy your "wittebroodsweken"... ;)
Just to think out of box only from my perspective. Max brake tested so that Lewis can hit him from behind and they can both be out of race. Go to final round in Abu Dhabi and get his chances to be first and Lewis second or worst scenario Lewis first with fastest lap.. still makes max the champion.
Did he brake check lewis . Yes as per fia report
Congratulations and have fun!!
Congrats with your marriage! Excellent analysis as usual.
Hamilton is over protected by the media,la F1 and channels like this one He never do nothing wrong,poor soul,like at Silverstone,but everyone looks somewhere else I understand the Brits but I don't share their God save the kind
Wish you a happy marriage bro, great video :d
A simple YES
Verstappen needs a few sessions with Hamilton’s sports psychologist.
Here for the comments 🍿🍿🍿🍿🍿
Almost coming to a complete stop in the middle of the road. Dude needs to be banned.
Also... Hamilton was pushing the rules at that first restart. With taking so long to go to the grid. You did not mention that. That wasn't fair play in my book.
I't doesn't take a genius to work out that Verstappen brake tested Lewis right at the last moment there. It most be so difficult to race somebody that doesn't give up corners and essentially loses control of his car mid corner and running off the track while racing a driver on the outside.
bring back gravel traps
Enjoy your honeymoon! Do you this Max is showing signs of stress fractures in his driving?
A dont think max brake checked him a think Lewis was going for the drs and didnt quite anticipate the timing simple racing incident I think. I like the fact your mature on your analysis i have subscribed and also congratulations to you and your wife dude 🍻
So my question is this: why didn't Lewis overtake Max as soon as Max started to slow down? Lewis didn't know that Max had received the instructions to let Lewis pass. So for Lewis it would have been normal racing conditions with your opponent suddenly slowing down. Why not overtake immediately? Max's car could have broken down? Why was Lewis so adamant to stay behind Max? It's just so strange because in any other situation Lewis would have overtaken the car in front of him... The reason why Max suddenly started to break much harder we'll probably never know. But I don't think Max was break testing Lewis on purpose. I totally believe that Max is capable of taking out himself and an opponent if that suits his objectives. But doing it like that with a risk that you may have to replace your gearbox during the last Grand Prix of the Championship is not very likely. There are better ways of doing that, with less risk to vital car components. Max is an aggressive driver, not a stupid one.
Save his marriage people! Subscribe, jesus!!!
Subbed to save his marriage
Ok, so you give back position but if it's not enough according to SIR lewis, you have to do it again?
Hamilton was trying to show the Saudis it's ok to take other men up the rear! 🌈🌈🌈😂😂😂😂😂
This was a dangerous and unfair race. Max should not have a racing licence after this behaviour
Poor Ocon 😆 those 2 just won't stop !!
I think ham would have won either way. So for the end result i didn't matter. But what the Fia pulled her was absolute bull. And the fact that it was not only this race but the whole year around just frustrates me more.
Verstappen might cause a purposeful crash into Hamilton in the last race.
Congratulations Man best of luck..!
Ehat an apsolute shitshow from the stewards this weekend, there was a ton of unnecessary confusion this weekend that no doubt affected the outcome of the race
I feel like the letting people past needs a change, cause after slowing down if Lewis dont pass it should count as letting past even if they dont take it imo Then there be no breaktest and there be no penalty Lewis keeps playing mind games you see it going to grid etc aswell, and I feel he can sort of blame himself for that.  Also as a neutral viewer (who likes neither of them)  it just looked stupid and thats not racing. And Bottas not getting a penalty for holding up under SC is uterly ridiculous   I want to see racing not mind games and inconsistent FIA rulings  I hope things changes next season and that we get Ferrari in the mix and that maybe George can bring some class back into Merc
This guy is just supporting Hamilton
No brake check at all
Congrats!
Congratulations !!
Making a video during your honeymoon? Please do find your marriage and your spouse more important than your channel and its subscribers.
Honestly, whether Max braked or not is basically irrelevant.  Well before you could see Lewis shifting down multiple times refusing to pass Max.  How slow was Max suppose to go for Lewis to pass?  It's also irrelevant that Mercedes had told Lewis or not that Max had to let him go.  You see a car slowing, you don't follow that car.  For all Lewis knew, Max could have had a problem.   Lewis needs to stop pretending he is a victim and not part of the problem.  Wow congrats on your marriage!!  Do everything she asks and you will be fine.  LOL.
Congrats on the wedding
It's a shit track, in a shit location, with 2 determined drivers that will play dirty (yes both of them) and this is the result.   Only reason Lewis isn't doing what max is doing is because he is behind in points. Max will happily let Lewis take both of them out. Instead, Lewis does the slow to grid, wingman holding up opponent trick.   Max just basically is a Kamikaze.
We need you on SkySports ASAP, Scott! i had enough of Crofty's "expertise"
My predictions for Abu Dhabi: 1st- Perez 2nd- Max 3rd- Lewis
"These two just don't stop..." – Srsly. Always saying things like this, as if we're seeing two unfair drivers, is just unnecessary pandering to the Max crowd. This wasn't two fair racers racing hard, this was one fair racer racing hard plus an idiot who never seems to learn.
Your a bit late to the party I hope that whoever wins this weekend. the news ain't overshadowed by something like this crap
Max trying to let Hamilton pass on the racing line and then stomped on his brakes with the intention of giving up that position ? If anybody believes that, I've got beachfront property for sale in Montana.
Verstappen is a dirt bag. For someone who is literally born in a seat of a racing car he often has to play it dirty. Shame on him.
Max was lucky not to get penalized pts.in this race. Something has to be done about post acc. debris
FIA has lost the plot
Congratulations!
Great driver is max but he has loads 2 learn still, think of the mistakes Hamilton use 2 make in his Mclaren days
Congratulations to you and yours. ❤ Yes. I think he did.
Once and for all: When the race is stopped with a red flag: NO intervention on cars whatsoever should be allowed. This is the same race. Period
no he did not.  What happened is this:  Both Lewis and Max knew Max had to let LEwis pass. Lewis knew that if he would be in front of max, max would take him back using DRS.  So Max was slowing down to let Lewis pass, but lewis didn't want to pass. Max also knew there was a DRS zone coming up, so he braked a little harder to force Lewis to pass.  So lead guilty party is Lewis. He should have passed Max. However, max should not have braked harder.
I made a poem  Some drivers overtake on the outside Some on the inside Some dive Some go wide Verstappen rather do it outside the track ;)
I haven't even started the video, but I know you're going to explain how Hamilton was at fault here somehow. Every...single... video 🤣  "...or perhaps it was a brake test out of frustration. Unfortunately, we'll never know" 😂🤣  Did you not read the penalty handed down by the FIA? The telemetry PROVED that Verstappen DID in fact brake check. Proven further by the fact he accelerated as soon as he was hit. How you can even say "we'll never know" is beyond me.
In my opinion, Lewis would've won the race without any incidents occurring, he was gaining 8 tenths on the main straights alone without DRS and as Max's tyres degraded, his sector 1 times would've dropped off. I do not agree with the fact that Max was penalised effectively 4 times for the same incident, the first attempt when Lewis and him collided, the second attempt when he let Lewis through only to retake it into the final corner, the third time when he let him pass again and the time penalty. I also do not understand how any of Mercedes antics did not even get a investigation but I guess that's how racing is sometimes.
CONGRATS 👏🏼 👏🏼 👏🏼 👏🏼
2.4G? Certified break check. No one actually breaks when told to let them pass they just coast a little. And the lie that verstapen went to the right , he was dead centre and from experience Hamilton knew he would weave. Generally verstapens objective was to damage Hamilton's car in this tight track before Abu Dhabi with lots of space and run off. Oh btw max would rather end up like Silverstone than yield.  Dangerous immature mentality.  You can always overtake further on.
Verstappen will try extreme tactics to win the last race including crashing into Lewis and taking himself and Lewis out. With them being tied he would win the championship which will show how immature he is.
Hadn’t even realised I wasn’t subbed because YouTube always recommends you.
This was truly a very unfair GP as verstappen got a two penalties for just 1 instance and really should have been the one to win
dude, we all watched the race, there is no need to describe in words the race to the detail because we all saw it, just an analysis would be great but where would you put your ads? your wife must be grateful with your foreplay.
I think the FIA is really to blame for that brake test incident, the car behind really should know first that they are going to be let passed.
Congrats on the wedding!! Now everyone unsubscribe and subscribe to make this man happy!
Why do people keep saying hamilton aced the start? Max's reaction time was lower on the start then Lewis. Just not enough tracition from cold tires.
congrats on your wedding man :)
Congratulations on your Wedding! Best wishes!!! 🙌🙌🙌
Congrats on your marriage,  now just try to stay alive at each corner.
Regardless of if the message hadn't been relayed to Mercedes in time or if Lewis had caught on to what was happening, I doubt Max wasn't looking at his mirrors to see exactly where Lewis was before slamming into the brakes.
All this could have been prevented if the FIA put gravels on the runoffs. Once you get offline, you ended up in the gravel and stuck/
Congratulations to your marriage ✌🏻
Congrats and thanks so much for the video. Been waiting for something to help my brain process what happened.
I will say this until the day I die. I do not agree with the current mentality of "If I have the racing line, I can drive you off the track". As I see it, this is INCREDIBLY dumb, and all it does is kill side by side racing. From the very moment I am along side your car, why in the HELL am I not entitled to have room to actually race? It's ridiculous. What kind of possible coherent justification can you have for this behaviour?  Concrete example: First restart. Yes, Max broke late, but by the time they start significantly turning, Max is 100% along side Hamilton. Why does Max not have the right to space there? His options are completely back out, or go outside of the track. What about.... Oh I don't know, racing? Like I said before, every single driver is "guilty" of this, and it's abhorrent
Congrats on the wedding, mate. Wish you and your newlywed wife all the bests. Have yourself the best of honeymoons.  As for the racing, the fairer and better driver shall win it! That’s how I’m seeing this 😙
Just married?  Driver 61 gained 8
Congratulations on getting married!  Does anyone else think the timing of Max's 5 second penalty wasn't chance? I think the stewards decided to wait to see if he was going to genuinely give up the place and then come back at Lewis or if he was going to give Lewis the place just in front of the DRS line and then immediately re-pass. When he did the latter they instantly gave the 5 second penalty.  Didn't there used to be a rule about not attacking back on the corner after you had given someone a place?
Verstaphen needs to be spoken to. Dudes going to kill someone.
Come on man, title is such a bad clickbait, i was here to watch your opinion on that matter and it's just 20% of this video and you didn't even  put your opinion whether he did or did not brake tested hamilton. You've changed man, you used to put a final verdict as a racing driver/instructor.
Congratulations with your marriage
Mercedes also made some confusing decisions. Hamilton not keeping 10 car distance for line up. Then RB are told its not a formation lap. Verstappen tyres now cooled completely by the time all were lined up. They need to rethink the rules again. Stop restart should be the same as formation lap. Imagine a 10sec penalty for lewis. Verstappen would have pushed to the end. Congrats on the new wife.
your wedding present from me, I've subbed. Congratulations on the marriage.
Max has the points lead, he goes full kamikaze with Lewis, but Lewis the old fox is wiser, knows what Rosberg had done to himin the past. Deep down they know that if the let Lewis through he can make the race look like an individual time trial. Max risked everything to be ahead of hamilton and knew that Lewis would yield, if he did not then they both go out. Lewis knows he's got the skills, he's fired up and hungry, he's got the team behind, he just needs to keep things clean and the championship will come home. What Max did yesterday was out right dangerous, downshifting from 8th to 3rd in the middle of the straight.
Max is such a dangerous driver, he already had a close call this year, but if he keeps this up he will seriously injure someone with the way he is driving. At this point I think he doesn't care if Lewis crashes into him because he wins it even if both don't finish, watch out for the next race and chances are he will have an 'accident' with Lews.
I'll Going to to get atleast 20 subs tomorrow form my college
Mercedes Money money money, maybe you Can buy A Tittle like F1 ? , not so good for the German people, Schumacher los his record. I prefer a TESLA, quicker dan MB for A good price!
I think Max giving that position where he did was bad sportsmanship. When you let someone by, you're not supposed to attack them straight away. I think that's why Lewis ran off Max the last time, just to make sure Max wouldn't try anything funny.  Anyway, congratulations on your wedding!
When a car is vastly superior in straight line speed it’s impossible to defend on a circuit with so many straights.  Add DRS to that and it’s even worse.  It will be just as bad in Abu Dhabi
i think both drivers are pushing themselves to the limit., which is nice to watch. Now I follow since 2001 F1, and I have never seen such a reckless driver as Verstappen. Even Montoya knew when he had to back of, and Montoya was the hardest driver I've seen. Nevertheless, I think Verstappen before he lets Hamilton or some other driver pass, he crashes. Thats brainless racing in my opinion. Because I think he would have had the speed to pass Hamilton. I dont get the strategy of Max. He is a really really good driver, but to get a excellent driver he needs to drive with brain. My opinion. Very nice video by the way,. I am excited for Abu Dhabi!
Can't we all accept that Red Bull and Mercedes all know that Verstappen was slowing down to let Hamilton pass before the DRS so he could re-overtake with DRS and that Hamilton wasn't going to take the bait?   Hamilton wasn't in anyway obliged to overtake where Verstappen "strategically" wanted him to. Verstappen was entitled to slow down but not break test Hamilton and let no one argue that there wasn't indisputable evidence that he did just that.    Brake testing even on a public road is outrageous, on a race track it is unforgivable and should have resulted in a disqualification and not what turned out to be a meaningless time penalty.   Is there anyone who doesn't think the Verstappen will already be planning to take Hamilton out in the final race whenever the opportunity occurs?  The stewards got the decision wrong in Brazil, so Verstappen is entitled to think that what was acceptable in Brazil would be acceptable in Saudi and he has a point. After Brazil the stewards were asked to clarify what the rules are and they fudged that opportunity, but now they know what happens when drivers suffer no consequences.
No brake check by Max. Max has his hands full jumping through the hoops thrown at him by Mercedes and F1 stewards. I get the feeling that F1 is scared that Max will win the championship. Lewis needs to remember where he came from and stop hanging out with so called " a list " celebrities,  who haven't got a real bone in their bodies.  Just the one these fake people stick in each other. GO MAX take it down and  win this thing. I used to be a Lewis fan also but not this version of him.
Congrats.. best of luck
Everyone seemed to want to be polite about the track because the Saudi's have such a lot of money, but honestly, what is the point of a track where it's almost impossible to overtake? That was the elephant in the room this weekend!
Why you didn't mentioned at all that lewis also left track on lap 37?
Congrats man you deserve all the best and thank you for sharing with us your amazing expertise ❤️
If you hit the guy in front, you are not paying attention and should be disqualified !
Congratulations on your wedding. Remember, happy wife, happy life. lol  For me you have to go back to the Friday free practice runs. The Mercedes was significantly quicker on the mediums and absolutely no team could get the softs to light up. It was here I noticed Verstappen concentrating on qualifying. The Red bull plan for the weekend was get pole, then try and keep the Mercedes behind for 50 laps. The thought, I guess, was with difficult overtaking and the very likely chances of Safety cars/red flags, Red Bull might just get a result.  Onto Saturday. The Red Bull was clearly running more downforce. The rear wing even had a Gurney flap thrown on. I thought at the time they are using more downforce to get the softs into the window quicker and this appeared to work quite well, as the quali runs in FP3 looked like a decent improvement but still not as quick as Hamilton on the mediums. Onto qualifying. Max's lap was over the limit but outstanding to watch. Coming into the last corner, I think the soft tyres, with the higher downforce, probably cooked the tyres a little, causing max to mis-judge the braking but ultimately it was lighting up the rears that sent him into the wall. So it looked like advantage Mercedes.  All routine for the start. The Mercs got away and it looked like a routine 1-2, even when Schumacher banged into the wall and they switched to the mediums, the Mercedes plan looked solid. Then came the red flag and all hell broke loose. If you re-watch the race and look at Verstappens medium tyres in the pit lane during the Red Flag, they are absolutely chewed to bits. The RB had way too much downforce. The Mercedes on the Hard tyres looked fine. They throw a set of hards onto Max and off we go again.  Verstappen. Poor start. Cut the corner, re-entered the track in a dangerous method. I guess the FIA gave him an option of dropping back 1 place to keep the championship alive. I'm ok with that. Red Bull bolt on a set of mediums for the restart. Max gets a much better launch, cheeky down the inside move, max takes the lead. All good. My initial thought was I bet those mediums will be screwed in 20 laps, after seeing the set that was on the car earlier. My thought proved correct. Hamilton was very quick through sectors 2 and 3. Verstappen owned sector 1 but was getting progressively slower as the cars entered the 30+laps phase of the race. Hamilton ultimately kept the gap very short through sector 1 on lap 34 then got on max's tail with full DRS.  Lap 35 overtake. Verstappen has continuously under braked when challenged all season and sorts it out when he finishes under steering or going sideways but he rarely stays on the track when he does it. Hamilton should have this move sussed by now, should brake harder and, when max is trying to sort himself out, take the corner with the old cutback move. I guess Hamilton is probably worried about the Torpedo move when Max re-enters the track. It is only racing when you are in control, stay on the track and avoid the collision. When max does this, its not racing as he is going for the gap without control and he has no intention of avoiding a collision. The FIA asked red bull to switch places or they would refer it to the stewards.  I have to admit the pass on lap 37 was a fiasco from the race directors and when Hamilton sussed Verstappen was slowing for the DRS line, he knew Max had been given the orders to switch places, so the wily old chap sat behind Verstappen before the DRS line. Verstappen knew Hamilton had sussed it and thought screw him, brake tested then accelerated away. This was like a child throwing his toys out of the cot. For me it was a black flag and disqualification. Pretty disgraceful behaviour. The rest is history.  I appreciate what the FIA are doing by keeping the championship alive but from a pure racing perspective they are directing a fiasco. I for one applaud them for doing it because it has been a fantastic season to watch and who the hell knows what is going to happen in Abu Dhabi.   From next season there will be a new rule book but it will be the old rule book with a new cover and it will be likely that Max will be told to follow it, or end up in the stewards room every race.
I want to put Verstappen and Hamilton on an Oval and watch the fireworks.
If you keep pushing folks around on track, they are going to give it back.
Thus Race was a Joke...
As previously I put all the blame on Masi and the FIA. All they had to do was enforce the rules from the very beginning. And in this case I still don't know how is it that an incident happened in T1, but by the end of that lap 1 driver knew he needs to give up a position while the other did not. Where is the basic answer to that? They themselves created this mess right from Bahrain with - no we don't look at track limits in this corner, but now we do so don't go beyond track limits in this corner 30 laps in the race. We kept having leniencies here and there which led us to Silverstone and beyond and now we have two drivers ready not to give an inch and equally frustrated with what and how might be judged from race to race. I don't care who wins this WDC, there is too much bs to enjoy it anymore but FIA, F1, teams and drivers all need to have a long conversation on penalties, track limits and beyond during the off season.
Great video as always. Thanks bro ✌️😎
Of course he did. Hamilton gained nothing by running into the back of him. Verstappen stood to gain everything by them both crashing out.
OH dear are people getting worried that drivers don't get out of Hamiltons way ? Don't they know he is world champion??
I can see Max, causing a crash in the next G.P. so that neither of them score points and Max, wins the title on count back, That is if he does not get a disquailification for causing the crash.
A video on the final race’s prediction pls !
Dude stop Max can’t make turn one from behind on the outside on that track it wasn’t room. You can’t plunge into a turn from behind thinking your going to have room it don’t work that way. That turn was very narrow
congrats!
Not gonna lie, at first I thought it was maybe a DSQ black flag or maybe a stop n go penalty.  I didn't know where on the circuit they were and I thought he just braked on the racing line, and didn't see at first he was trying to give the position
Just imagine these 2 in the Formula E. There would be so much chaos xD
Congrats on your wedding mate!!
2:08 does it count if I unsubscribe and then re-subscribe? Huge congrats on your wedding and thank you for making quality content
It's getting a bit annoying to watch crashstappen time and time again intentionally miss corners and call it good racing.  Could you imagine watching a track and field race and see a competitor shove another off the track in a corner?  F1 needs to get their shit straight. It's one thing to take a wide corner and force another car to have no room but completely unacceptable to just miss the corner and go off track time and time again.  There really should be rules involved with giving a place back and DRS. But it's just better to get rid of DRS anyway. A bit too late that.
All the best on the cliff jump man! Happy landings! 👍 😃
Congrats on the wedding, here's a sub.
NO
Already putting your marriage out there on the internet, eh?  Bad move...
can you do a video on what looked like the FIA “offering” penalties options to Redbull to decide on.
Short answer. Yes. Long answer yes cos reasons
Congrats on the Wedding. Ive heard of gold diggers, but a SUB-Digger is a new one for me xD
Not most of us but at least I felt disappointed not because HAM or MAX's action but because I think the whole race process could have been better than this surely. My first thought was Hamilton did not pass Max for some reason but I had no idea why. In that case I'd be very cautious whatever the circumstance is and if I see my rival abruptly slows down, VSC or crash would definitely come in my mind but with no signal on the dashboard, that's when the thing goes crazy. Also I would certainly worry about what would cause if I pass him without knowing the exact reason.(Who knows it could be an illegal passing or could affect the race result) So my choice'd be just staying behind until things get cleared. And one thing I can be really sure is I'd not make any decision in that circumstance with the high speed of car and huge pressure on me. Just my thought haha
Wow fck; hamilton drove verstappen of the track to show how he was annoyed? But verstappen gets penalties if he did the same?
I dont think max brake checked lewis I think Lewis made a massive mistake and cried wolf (he brake checked me) to cover his mistake
What about Verstappen not using two compounds?  I thought they needed to run two compounds (hard, medium, or soft) not two sets of tires
Max just wanted to see,  will Hamilton reacts as Vettel,  when Hamilton brake check Vettel  and Vettel went to ram Hamilton after that,
I'm glad you didn't buy the fairytale about Lewis not knowing what was going on. Of course he was aware Max was giving the position back. If he thought any different, he would've passed him, since it's still better to gain a position and let the driver behind possibly take the DRS than remain behind, even with DRS. Lewis didn't pass Max, because he knew this way he'll get the position back in a more advantageous place on the track. He's just playing dumb to the public.
Bets on max taking himself and Lewis out in last race if Lewis is going to overtake him for the win.
not a matter of opinion.... Telemetry shows he did !!!!   as dirtiest as it can be......
I really thought before the race, one of them or both will not finish the race. The fact that both crossed the finish line, with that level of agression on track, and with the evident heavy pressure everyone had, was astonishing for me. I know everyone wants clean racing, no contact, fair gentlemans driving, but evidently with that kind of driving, we wouldn't stand in this position we're right now with the championship tied for the final race, besides if LH is really the greatest, he had to prove it with someone else than his pet Valteri.
It was pure petulance but a consequence of the rules. If you give the place back, it should be for at least a lap. Allowing the scoundrel to choose the time and place meant the cad could profit despite their dangerous manoeuvres. Stuffing it up the inside by rolling off the brakes and no chance of making the bend two abreast is a ram raid demonstrating little skill, just ruthlessness. That chicane / corner was of deadly design with the barriers jutting out and preventing any out of control car getting through it. The whole circuit it a death trap and not worthy of F1. How did drivers like Jackie Stewart, Damon Hill and Toto Wolff allow it to be built and  opened? Isle of Man TT course next year?
We wouldn't know wether verstappen brake test him or not. He doesn't want to talk about it... lol
Regardless of who you think is to blame for the switch incident, I think the FIA really needs to step up its game. Yesterday was a shambles and they looked like they'd never held a race before.  Also congrats!
https://youtu.be/0YGn3ZyyejE
One thing I find fascinating is how the Merc has become the clear best car again. What exactly have they done to achieve it?
I think Max  gets reckless when pressure is mounting.
we all saw how alonso and hamilton did the same DRS detect battle in canada and was a good battle, this is just confusing and worrying (if max is the "future" of F1, then i hope he change some things in his mindset)  PS congrats on your wedding
On lap 37 max lost the rear because Lewis hit his rear right tire. He didn't oversteer due to being over the limit
Lewis fan and not objectively! Like all others Palmer, Windsor, Sky Sport, Hill...etcetc.
Disgusting behavior from Verstapen and have lost my great respect for Horner. In football terms it was a deliberate foul but with a potentially life threatening outcome. It should be a red card and Verstapen banned for 3 races.
10s was a slap on the wrist for brake checking. Also, Max has gotten very sloppy and reckless with his T1 shenanigans
lucky lucky Hamilton NO major damage I liked the result good for the sport even ordinary media is reporting
so basically verstappen is dirty as fuck
Nice one, I liked that you analyzed the hole race, not only one incident
While Verstappen's driving provides good drama, it doesn't provide good racing. A driver that simply ignores proper braking, throwing his car like a missile and off the track into every racing situation, violating every basic principle of racing, is just wrong. F1 should be the pinnacle of racing. This is pathetic and disappointing to me as a life-long race fan.  While the drama may keep fans entertained for the moment, what keeps them interested in the long run is real hard racing, with drivers who respect racing rules, leaving room and racing side-by-side.  Also consider that F1 drivers are role models. It's damaging to the sport as a whole, not to mention highly dangerous, if the future generations of racing learn that this is how you're expected to drive to be successful.
congrats on the marriage!
I like Max and I like Lewis both a lot. Hamilton is such a competitor, how can you not like seeing what he can do? I also like Max's full tilt, unflinching style, and I want to see him get the championship. I do think that this time though he went a bit far. There is a line between being a hyper-aggressive, unyielding force and being a dirty fighter, and even if it wasn't intentional, I think Verstappen went too far and was a bit dirty in that one. I'm actually glad that Lewis came out relatively unscathed and won it, because of Verstappen did that little brake thing on purpose, or even just in frustration or anger, he shouldn't have gotten to gain from it. That was way worse than poking his finger onto Hamilton's rear wing, for example.
Of course he did, because he only needs one DNF of HAM Tobe the "champ" No sportsmanship at all
I am a Max fan ... but I do think he went a bit (too?) far a few times this race but ok thats racing. best season in years
What is brake check?
Lewis openly said he didn't want to pass before the DRS zone in the post-race press conference, which nullifies his excuse that he 'didn't know what was happening'. FIA need to make the proceedure for giving back a position explicit. It's silly to blame either one of them, when both were clearly trying to push each other into the same, compromised situation.  Both teams knew what was happening, Mercedes are just better liars.
Verstappen fans dying inside watching this video haha (I'm not a Hamilton fan I just think it sad how toxic Max's fans are)
Verstappen said after qualifying that he knew that Hamilton was 1 tenth faster than him, and he knew he was 3 tenths up on his best time, so he did know he was up two tenths.
Genuinely question:  Why is there no gravel traps any more?  That would keep them on the track and like you say, stop the frustration for fans
Hamilton's first restart was so good, because he was able to generate more heat into his tyres by leaving too much space behind Verstappen during the safety car, which is against the rules. Verstappen made this remark during the race, but it was never investigated, which probably triggered him.
Re: Your beautiful new wife (see 2:10) ...  I can't find the re-subscribe button. Therefore, will simply like the video and wish the two of you a long and prosperous marriage.  ;)
Congrats
It looks like Verstappen went wide because his car got slightly out of balance in the corner from that little touch they made in turn 1, right rear tire gets wobbly, Max countersteers etc etc... no, i am not a Verstappen fan, but from the angles i have seen, that is what i see... i would love to see both onboard angles.
congratulations
verstappen has shown he is willing to win dirty, and will exploit anything for an advantage. Its time to bring back gravel traps so he cant keep getting away with these stupid lunges and moves
Does anybody think that max at the restart rejoined the track dangerously compared to using all the run off in the penalty incident. Rejoining as he did at the first restart compressed the field .
I think Max was over-defending, in the end, the Mercedes was much faster. I guess Mercedes will go on to dominate for another 7 years.GG everyone.
Congratulations! I was waiting for your video! Lol
Short video: Yes
Congrats
it must have been brake test if ham says. because ham exactly knows how to breaktest. ham-vettel azerbaijan incident.
Lol Congrats on the Marriage. Thanks for the analysis
since max is in f1 he has spiced things up before him f1 was boring as fuck, i didnt even watched it anymore drivers like max is what f1 needs
Congratulations!!
Merc has been too dominant anyway for the last 354 years. Sad.
Congratulations on your wedding!! ❤️
Max bias but that’s fine, good vid
Verstappen didnt want to give the position, so he kind of hoped Hamilton would be confused and Verstappen also had DRS zone in mind where he slowed down. Verstappen also slightly moved to the left last second........and the track is narrow.
I sub u bro don't worry abt ur marriage
Congrats man!
When you are instructed to let the driver behind pass you, you SHOULD NOT touch the brakes! Ever! Just lift off the throttle half a second and driver behind will pass you easily. Especially on straights when Hamilton is catching slipstream as much as he could, Max decided to brake. How surprising.
Congrats dude! All the best for you and your wife.
Congrats on the wedding!!!
Congrats!!!
I think it is just a little unfair the penalty's that they are givin verstappen and that hamilton gets away with a fine
A really good sports car like a 992 911 or C8 Corvette can do 1.2-1.3G worth of maximum braking. Not comparing F1 to a street car but I am shocked Lewis even got out of the way in time.    Its not like these things have a brake lights. 2.4g of braking while not F1 car maximums is still significant when you think about it.  While they are tied in points Verstappen is ahead by way of tie breakers.  Given his recent behavior I wouldn't be shocked if Verstappen channels some Senna vs Prost Suzuka Japan 1990 and wrecks both him and Hamilton out in the final race so he can have the championship.
Pantomime
congrats on your wedding!!!
Loving the 'Let them race' approach.  Particular favourite on track wheel to wheel moments were listening to the discussions on where we should put drivers for grid restarts, followed by instructing competitors to let each other through, the occasional mid-race 5s penalties and of course 10s post race penalties.
I don't think it's a discussion whether he brake tested him, but what on earth was Hamilton doing? if Verstappen had engine issues any other driver on track would just speed by him. Lewis went looking for a collision.
The driver who hit the rear of the other must be penalised. But the FIA is biased against Max.  Its really quite obvious.
Congrats on your marriage man !! I enjoy your views 👍
Congrats on the wedding.  Max and Hamilton aside I'm not sure how I feel about the race as a whole - it was exciting but I don't think I enjoyed it (as weird as that sounds).  I think the track is too high speed and narrow, with too many blind corners and I'm surprised there weren't more incidents.  As it was, it was too start-stop for my liking. I think a few rule changes need to happen for next season:  1. No changing tyres or repairing of cars under red-flag conditions 2. If you have to let a car pass you, you are not allowed to re-pass and/or use DRS for a lap.  This might seem harsh but a stricter penalty will make drivers really think twice before overtaking off track limits (even Max - maybe). 3. Stewards make decisions - none of this bartering between teams.
verstappen is going to cause a very serious accident one day
Why? Cause he wanted poll so bad he pushed too hard. Will Max yield? Of course not. Did he brake test Lewis? No, Lewis refused to pass, knowing full well Max would get DRS. Penalty justified? No.
Congratulations on getting married Scott!  May you and your wife have many happy years together.
I think Verstappen was focused on breaking before the DRS detection line and didn't see Hamilton behind him during the run up to the incident.
Max seems to be trying so hard to take out Lewis because he is leading in points. Not professional at all. He has a long way to go and so much to learn. Lewis knows you can’t take back the position just before the DRS zone cause Max will easily overtake afterwards. Anyways the better man won and will win the championship next weekend.
I think the prodlem is the stewards. They both are not even trying to defend properly. It's mostly Max the last races, since he is ahead in the standing and in the slower car, so he would benefit from a crash with Hamiltion. But Hamiltion also straight took him out in Silverstone. The 5 sec penalties are laughable. I think a race ban is justified if you try to intentionally risk a collision every time your oponent is next to you. I wanted Max to win this championchip because of his talent, dedication and the shananigans Mwercedes pulled of the fit half of the season. But his driving the last couple of races was reckless.
Your title states a question. Giving me the impression that you would answer it, but you didn’t like why
I think too many are forgiving the all out aggressiveness that Max consistently seems to bring when driving under pressure. Either the other drivers get out of the way or he will take them out and for me that is not fair racing. Now Hamilton is no angel either and has had his moments but Max seems to have them all the time. It's one thing not to give an inch it's another if you are willing to drive the other person of the road. Sadly I think Max knew that any accident would have won him the championship so he was more than willing to go for the lunges and he went for it...even when he was told to move over and let Hamilton through, he did not move of the racing line like any normal driver would and then when Hamilton would not overtake due to confusion/DRS line, he went for the hard brake which could have ended Hamilton's chances stone dead. Not sure how Hamilton survived that race.
Congratulations Scott!
Congrats!!!
Congrats for the wedding. I also subscribed to help making this a long marriage. Lol
Yea Ver is a dirty driver. Multiple fouls in 1 race
Well Max is the one who started all of this driving others off the track...  so of course other will do the same to him...  what do you expect....
Congrats on the wedding
Oh my God. Subbed
Hamilton knows what a real brake test is.| Just ask Vettel..... Think every F1 driver wants to see the FIA Merc team lose wc...
Short answer: no.   Long answer: there was plenty of space between Max and Lewis when he started slowing down and Max left the inside of the track completely open.
Congrats for your wedding!🎉👍🏻
The fact that there s a single doubt...braketest him or not...it s a suspicious incident...the action speaks itself...for me..there s no question! Strategically brake test him before the drs zone! That s a fact! No questions!
Crashstoppen is a dirty racer always.
Yes! Something I've been waiting for since the first red flag on Sunday.  As for that subscription thing - can't do it twice, sadly. Although I can give my sincere and best wishes to both of you!
short real answer, no, Lewis rearended max. #blackflaglewis
one of the most unbiased opinions I have come across.... glad this channel exists
Interestingly, the scenario will be the same next race. Verstappen can afford to run the risk of taking them both out and Hamilton needs to outscore Verstappen. I just hope that the race will be without drama, because this championship has been amazing so far and should not end in a crash between them (or worse: mechanical failure for either of them).  Oh, and last but certainly not least: congratulations on your wedding!
F1 should warn Verstappen and RBR that any shenanigans in Abu Dhabi will result in the immediate loss of one championship point, otherwise it wouldn’t surprise me if he takes Hamilton out of the race Also, congrats mate
Congratulations.
You missed the most important question... what is Lewis front wing made of? can it be destroyed only in mount doom?
I mean i think Hamilton should get a penalty for hiting Max because from Lewis view When he was behind he had a lot of time to turn and pass Max but he turned late and hit him witch looked like he Did it on porpuse to give Max a puncture or something
NO !!!! He did NOT brake check. Max gave him tons of room to pass.
I understood nothing during this GP
I think it was a fair review of the incidence pack race given by driver61. A good comment that would make them stay between the white lines is to bring back the gravel traps. There is a lot at stake here, with two highly competent drives, with a similar aggressive streak. This style of driving is fundamental it being a grand prix racer. If they did have this streak they would not be racing. I am a Max fan but hope Abu Dabi is between the white lines, with no incidence, and a great final grand prix. Good luck to both Max and Lewis lets have a great race. Be safe.
I look at Hamilton being more at fault here because he was deliberately maintaining excessive distance so Max wouldn't be able to give back the position before the DRS zone.  Max was trying to follow the steward's directions, Hamilton was deliberately interfering with Max's safe compliance.
I found it interesting at 5:20 when you said that the start from Verstappen wasn't great. I found it was absolutely brilliant, one of the best highlights of the entire season.. from P3 to P1 into the first corner. Even the commentator on my channel praised it and said that it was the absolute fastest launch he witnessed in many many years of F1 racing.
Congrats man!
Great insight on the race, Scott. As always, done very calmly and neutrally. Honestly, due to all the restarts, I didn't really feel like watching the race, but I kept watching anyways. It was a tiring race to watch, that's for sure. I supported Max Verstappen ever since I started watching F1, but at this point, things are getting a bit much.  Either way, I would love to see Max winning just to break Hamilton's streak and see a Dutchman win. But I won't mind if Hamilton wins, since he has done an absolutely amazing job during the last races and kept calm despite all his clashes with Max. But I sure as heck hope neither of them will pull a Senna or a Schumacher at the last race, since that would just be a sad ending of the championship.
Congratulations to the new Mr. and Mrs. Mansell
Congrats on your wedding! Subscribe for your sacrifice making the video! I appreciate your run through the events but I'd like to hear more detailed analysis - as a driver - where you'd put those split second decisions they make...   why would a racing driver, seeing his competitor slow down, not overtake? Verstappen could have had an engine issue/ puncture/ mechanical... would Hamilton have crashed into him then? Hamilton clearly new more or at the least as you said was weighing up the decision, which makes Merc position of "we didn't have time to tell him" seem untrue.
No.
I thought there was another vsc the same as Hamilton
yes lol? That's exactly how you do NOT let another car by.   Stood on his brake pedal, dangerous driving, simple as.
Hamilton brake check on vettel and then he said vettel turned  and hit me mother fcker Hamilton and Mercedes .poor bottas don't deserve with this fckinng team
Enjoy your honeymoon!
If you cant see what a dirty driver Max is from his behaviour in that race, then you are clearly blind. Max's intent is clearly to take Hamilton out at any cost and only getting a 10 second penalty for a dangerous brake test which is so clearly evidenced is an inappropriate response to a dirty driver who is no sportsman. If you know anything about wife beater daddy and his horrendous violent past, then you might spot that the branch has not fallen far from the tree with Max. What a waste of talent on a man with absolutely zero integrity, who is in the wrong team to reign in his negative attributes.  Sad for the sport and the FIA are looking stupid..
All my Congratulations to the newly weds!!! I love your work...trying your best to keep it balance and always thx for that effort.
double standards. Lewis gets double yellow, nothing happends. creat a  gap more then 10 cars to cool max tires. nothing happends. bottas creat a  gap so he can go in pit after lewis, nothing happends. 3 times Max  gives possition back. stil gets 15 seconds. if max wasnt almost killed  at Silverstone and taken out the next race in budapest, he would be the  new champion by now
Congrats on the Marriage :-)
Is it just me or did max do a little weaving while he was slowed? I watched hams onboard at .25 speed and can see that RB move that may have given ham the indication he could he heading for the escape space to the left
Nico Hulkenberg is sure that the incident between Max Verstappen and Lewis Hamilton has to do with the line where the measuring point for the DRS is. The German said after the Grand Prix in Saudi Arabia that he thinks the numbers one and two of the world championship knew very well what they were doing.  "I'm sure it had something to do with the DRS as the DRS trigger point is before the last corner. Max wanted Lewis to pass before the DRS target so he had DRS afterwards and could overtake Lewis right away Those are the strategy games," Hulkenberg analyzes in front of the cameras of the Austrian television station ServusTV.
I still think max shouldn't be running people wide all the time. That's not acceptable defensive driving at all.
You call it cheeky but it was outright unsportsmanlike
Congratulations on you wedding Scott and thank you for your insights and video, Verstappen was way out of line
7:50 it could be intentional but fia down played a bit for the sake of everyone
Condolences on the addition of a ball and chain😜. Seriously, congratulations on getting married. I wish you and your bride a very wonderful long and happy life together.  Great video 👍
Great vid again ! and congratulations ! ... I must admit i think the heavy braking from Max was pure rage and was a deliberate attempt to derail Lewis ! ... As far as abusing track limits i do think the stewards have been far to lax this season ! .. The rules about track limits should be carved in stone !The big stone should then be placed just off the track where drivers gain most advantage from cheating ! ...
Hard racing is pushing the other drive off the track (where there is run off) and running them out of space and YOU still make the corner. Its not hard racing if you push the other driver wide and also go off the track yourself. Stewards need to properly set a rule and enforce it. The FIA have been a complete mess and honestly massi shouldn't be race director. He doesn't seem to make calls quick enough when I comes to the races. If the original incident was resolved quicker and communicated properly verstappen and hamilton could've raced properly. Well as properly as you can expect max to. Like his overtake on the second restart was complete class and is what he should be doing more often. Agressive but a clean move.   Hamilton and Verstappen crashing out of the race plays 1000 times more into verstappens hands so maybe that had something to do with it? (gonna enjoy the trolls)
I don't see why at that point Verstappen would want to intentionally brake check Hamilton, since something like that could have easily meant damaging his own car. It's the same argument that people brought up regarding the Silverstone incident, that Hamilton wouldn't have done that on purpose among other reasons because he could have easily crashed out, too. Here, Max was already visibly slowing down even before he braked harder, giving Hamilton plenty of opportunity to just go past, even if it's at a disadvantageous point of the track. I don't know why Max then braked so hard, maybe he shouldn't have, but at the same time, Hamilton could have just gone past him in the first place.
If every driver drove like Max Verstappen there would be no overtaking… only accidents.
Your biased I think
Congrats to you and your wife!! 🎉
That is the dirtiest racing I've ever seen and if we let Max get away with it then nobody would ever be able to beat him because it's actually not racing it's cheating. Max does these things that are 100% going to get the Steward's involved and then cries about the stewards being involved too much, if you don't want the stewards involves start racing cleanly.
Thanks for your assessment. Congratulations on your wedding!
Also, how is it possible that Verstappen received the 5 second penalty after he gave the position back AND started as 3rd instead of 1st in the second restart of the Gp
Quite an interesting race. Pushing everything to the limits as they should. It's a shame that it seems like people don't remember the Hamilton of the past when he had to actually fight tooth and nail to win. It will be incredibly important for the FIA to be on their toes or else regardless of what happens they will always be blamed one way or another.
This will be the sweetest one for Hamilton. Crashstappen hasnt raced him fair very often this season imo. Everytime lewis doesnt yield theres an incident
GET LOST, Hamilton fan!
verstappen should be served his own "run you off track" medicine more often....verstappen is gonna kill somebody with his GTA style no rules racing.....as for ocon thinking no aggression would be mated to him...has he ever seen a cheetah in a lion pride although they are of the same family?
Jeddah is a perfect example of what would happen if Netflix took over F1. Too much drama, to political and not enough RACING…  F1 is about RACING… The fastest drivers driving the fastest cars…
Personally, I think the race director did a good job considering how chaotic the race was. As for the incidents, I think it's all getting a bit ridiculous. We like to watch hard racing, but I feel like Verstappen pushes it too far. He's a very talented driver, but braking too late and shoving your opponent off the track does not take any skill. It's like the crap you see from bad drivers in online racing. It might earn you some points, but it doesn't earn you any respect.
MV is over the edge, LH has the edge going to Abu Dhabi - having said that, MV is clearly willing to win at any cost, even if that means winning dirty.
Excellent analysis. Fair and balance.   Grats for your wedding.
This is also a nice analysis: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmGZWiPa2R8
Congrats!!
Hamilton is so lame.. every chance to pass him and he drives straight into him..  Well max, just pay him back on the last track.. let him experience 51G.  He wants it..
This was one of the worst races I have ever seen... All weekend long it was such a shit show. Hamilton with two very dangerous incidents in practice. Bottas slowing down, Hamilton abusing the safety car restart, Max and Lewis running each other off the track, Max with those two ridiculous overtakes and whatever that shitshow was in turn 27. What would have happened if Max took off again rather than do the breaking maneuver he was punished for? He was instructed to give the spot back, but after 5 seconds Lewis just cruised behind him. Could you argue "we tried giving the position back, the other driver didn't want it and slowing further would have compromised our race against the other drivers?" All in all, the worst part of this weekend was Michael Masi and his complete failure to keep things civilized and fair for everyone.
Max "just call me Teflon" Verstappen.
AllI know if Whiting was still alive it wouldn’t be such a mess all the time.  Love your neutral approach on the situations that occurred. I do think certain frustrations already started during the qualification where Lewis ignored yellow flags and didn’t get penalized. Also created dangerous situations on Gasly and Mazepin and messed up there laps and again wasn’t penalized. And also Valteri who was breaking on Max for Lewis his pitstop. Then in the race it was a total mess especially thanks to the FIA. Personally I think it was the whole setup to make Max and Lewis go into the last race equally on points. I think this is how it is the whole season. The organization just wants to bring some excitement back to the F1 after Lewis won all his titles so easily. It is sad that it can cost Max the world championship. Normally he would already been world champion by now.
Congratulations on getting married!!!
from the top angle footage on lap 37, we can see max moving slightly to the right as if he wants to let Lewis pass as instructed but then moving slightly to the centre again, hitting the break, and moving slightly to the right again and speeding up. To me, that is just a typical max defensive manoeuvre. Anyway, it's a great drama to the end of this season. I hope it will be decided fairly on track of Abu Dhabi.
Big Congratulations, Bro to you & your Lovely Wife!!!I ❤ Many Many Blessings & Great Health prayers sent your way.
"These two just don't stop". I get tired of hearing this as well as things like: Lewis never gives up; Max never stops fighting. Isn't that what we want? It's called competition.
Congratulations on your wedding! What's his name?
I think both drivers showed unsportsmanlike behaviour that does not belong on track this weekend. How someone interprets the different accidents, decisions by the FIA, etc. could go either way imo. In the end I think that f1 fans were the winners and losers of this weekend somehow, and let's hope for a great and fair race next week.
Verstappen is overly aggressive and over estimates his ability. Now the public are starting to see him for that. He really didn't like being booed by the crowd whilst the Channel 4 head of the Red Bull fan boys (Coulthard) was interviewing him after the race then he spat his dummy out (presumably borrowed one of Horners dummies) on the podium. Red Bull suck so badly.
You have two highly competitive individuals and teams competing neck and neck for the championship, why is anyone surprised they are pushing the envelope to win? This has been the most competitive and entertaining championship in years. In most years F1 had become too predictable and boring, this year has brought fresh energy to the sport. I bet more people are following F1 than ever as a result.
Congratulations on your wedding!
🤣🤣🤣🤣what a night?  I wish I could've some more buddies in real life to express my feeling but no problem overall.
U r trying to be so fair that I would like to join u in your honeymoon and partake in the pleasantries
💯💯Everyone listen.... Max is going to wreck Hamilton in Abu Dhabi.... guaranteed....this is the only way he wins the championship!!!🤫
Another gift for Lewis. This is the World Champion Mercedes Bonus.
Not a fan of Jeddah tbh.
MV is a knob ed....enjoy your honeymoon, congrats
Congratulations on getting married!!!
I'm a Max hater but I don't think it was a intentional brake test. I think it's simply Max wanted Lewis ahead of him for the DRS, and braked harder because Lewis slowed down to. Lewis knew Max wanted DRS but had not been told he can make the pass, hence why he must have thought "I'm at an advantage here".  Lewis didn't hit him purposely because a DNF would cost him the WDC and literally hand it to Max on a Golden Plate. I think Max tried to be too clever and it went awfully wrong in the worst possible way.
Dude. A post during your honeymoon?  Dedicated man and your wife must be amazing to allow it!
Hamilton byl wkurwiony ale Max po prostu pękł. Brakowało tylko żeby wysiadł i zaczął tupać.
Congrats on the wedding!!! Hope you guys have a great honeymoon!  Can't believe she's letting you work while you are with her though,  must be a great girl  As for the race...if he gave the place back twice I don't think he needed 5sec penalty.  However, having the two best drivers essentially tied coming into the last race does make for good tv lol
A valid reason for a delayed video, congratulations on your wedding 🎉🎉
My condolences... were such a good guy...
2.4G braking, with Ham right behind him, that's crazy. If Max has more points after the next race he's not a champion in my eyes.
grats on the marriage man, good on you.
Congrats dude
What was the problem with overtaking Hamilton right after he let him through?
I guess when it comes to Mercedes' bribe-money towards FIA, there is no budget cap...
He can't brake ?
They were both playing the drs line and got caught up it didn’t help max because when lewis hit him he took off
i don't mind max taking risks.  what i mind is that his risks constantly put other drivers at risk.  that is the definition of reckless. perhaps they should bring back gravel traps if the drivers refuse to respect the  lines.
They screwed max.
Congrats!
Max is dirty and has so much to learn Clearly! Remember, he drove Hamilton off track 3x and missed apexes, brake checked him, acted as though he was about to let Hamilton through just to gun it.  Only to even have his team tell him that was unnecessary and got an unsportsmanlike warning, time penalty’s and point penalties.  Sad part is, nothing will change as a driver because he will never accept responsibility for his actions and throws temper tantrums.  Sounds like my 3 year old.  He has no reason to improve as Red Bull wont reign him.
Yes he brake checked him. Disqualify him from the next five races.  Then send him to nascar.
Call a spade a spade. Max is a disgrace to motor sports.
I disagree with your perspective when it comes to the first re-start. Lewis didn't push Max outside. He had the perfect position, but Max was VERY late (again) on his brakes. And because of his unnecessarily aggressive driving, Ocon managed  to pass Lewis.
Max has consistently shown that he will go beyond the rules and make the FiA penalize him back, calling their bluff. IMO he’s a dirty driver and is always risking kamakaze-ing himself into Lewis if Lewis tries to pass
Congratulations
happy honeymoon!!! - i been watching you since your sub numbers were around 100k. Your vids are great and dig your channel and congrats on the channel growth!!!
Max will be a complete driver when he matures a little and take Lewis's approach and l live to fight another day. If was patient he would have the championship in the bag by now.   At Silverstone,  a P2 would have been better than DNF.   Fantastic driver otherwise. Aggressive as a competitive driver should be. But patience is also a great skill. Less heart and more brain next year.
Congrats Scott! Best wishes to the bride! 🎉🥂🍾
There was plenty of opportunity for Lewis to overtake Max but he dont want to before drs zone. They both at fault. Lewis cant decide on what part of track he wants to overtake and Max should have not brake to force Lewis to overtake. From both drivers it was a foolish thing to do.
Congratulations ! Have a lovely Honeymoon ! 😊
There's a thin line between being a hero or a villain. Had Ham actually seen Max slowing down and overtaken him, Max would get the DRS and (maybe) got P1 back. And won the race. And then we would be talking how smart he was.   Of course we know nothing of this ever happened.
tomy opnion it is very simple, give the back the position back directly inside maybe 3 or 4 corners ( Ocon did it) or direct 5 seconds penalty , it is this decision time that kills the race
When in doubt, flat out.  -Colin McRae    (fing legend)
I can’t believe how dirty Verstappen was really showed his true colours yesterday a disgusting performance
drove him off the track is a stretch dude
Congratulations, I’m so very pleased for you both. The betrothal image is perfect lifting my heart on a grey overcast drizzly Monday afternoon. I wish your life together to be blessed & your relationship circumvents life’s track fairly, staying between the lines, honest, honourable, respectful, ‘Hamilton/Mercedes’ like. & hope ‘n’ pay never becomes dishonest, depraved, cowedly, Verstappen/Redbull like. The most beautiful part of the weekend filled for me other than you getting married was, Lewis grabbing Susy Wolf’s hand, pulling her into the centre of the winners team image, the cheer from the team deafening. I wish you both Love, Love, Love. Xx
7:08 *In short YES at 2.4 g 75 kg pedal pressure !*
That Mercedes after Silverstone and Hungary still dares to complain about sportsmanship is the height of laughable
Congratulations!
Have a great honeymoon man
Wake up people this has nothing to do with racing. It's all a big show in which "hero" Hamilton gets his record after a sensational comeback against the "bad guy" Verstappen. Hamilton wouldn't stand a chance one against one with identical cars
🍾Congrats to your marriage man. I’m sure you and your wife are happy and hope you both the best 🎉🎊
Bring the gravel traps back and force the drivers to race on the damn track or suffer their own consequences
Great breakdown as usual, a balanced view! Congrats on tying the knot too, fella :)
That was a crazy race yesterday. I mean I can see why both Verstappen and Hamilton got frustrated. From Lewis' point of view if Verstappen was letting him by why did he just sit on the racing line rather than pulling off the racing line until Lewis was by? I mean Max didn't have to slow down quite that much. From Max's point of view though, when he was slowing down he kept his car relatively over to the right of the track and it was quite obvious he was slowing but just not obvious what he was doing it for? So for Hamilton to hit the back of him from Max's point of view there doesn't seem any real reason for it other than maliciousness. Reminds me of when Schumacher plastered the back of Coulthard in the wet in Spa, however in that scenario to Michaels defence the spray was horrendous. wasn't no spray in Saudi last night though, so I think the only excuse for that is annoyance and impatience. On another note for Verstappen to receive the time penalty even after he slowed to let Hamilton by that's not really alright in my opinion I mean there's no specific guidance as to how far he has to drop back or for how long he had to stay behind Hamilton for it to count as him ceding position as far as I know so he effectively got punished twice for the same thing. I mean you have to give Max his credit that was the cheekiest move ever haha, ceded position for about a second before bombing back past him haha but when the rules aren't specific how can you penalise him twice. If Max only had to cede position and didn't receive the 10s, I doubt he would have dropped back so far from Hamilton and we would have had a race between them to the chequered flag. When Max got the 10s though to me it looked like he'd accepted defeat at that point, I mean you can say he had to save his tyres etc.. but considering the atmosphere last night I don't think its likely Max was volunteering to drop back 10s from Hamilton just simply to look after his tyres, I think with Max without the penalty he would've kept pushing and pushing until the tyres were shredded or he was in a wall lol. Well that's my two cents on last nights race anyway :)  Love the videos Scott keep it up!, Congratulations on the Wedding!
congrats on your wedding! already suscribed
Congrats on the wedding! This is the most level headed analysis I've seen so far, but then again I didn't expect anything else 🙌
I think that track is a mess and extremely dangerous. they should remove that track from the calendar before someone gets killed
Max most dirty driver
Hey Congrats on the marriage Scott !
Congratulations 🎊
In every single instance I've seen of "letting someone by" they lead driver always gets clear out of the way of the driver behind. Verstappen didn't want to pass the DRS zone in the lead because he wanted to DRS to pass lewis straight away. It's very obvious
Max has been trying hard to convince us all that he’s cool and calm about the pressure of his first title race but the mask finally slipped in this race, and it’s completely understandable. The track is difficult, the pressure is intense plus Hamilton is on a run of form. The main impediment in Max’s career could be his temper and reasoning but it won’t be his phenomenal speed.
Congrats on your marriage bro 😎
Chad Driver61 using his marriage as a way to gain subs lol Congrats tho
Max is cheating max! What's up folks!
Why don’t you say anything about the illegally large distance Hamilton dropped back on the formation lap of the first restart? “Max had a poor start and Lewis aced it” paints the wrong picture as the difference was because Lewis did something illegal and again got away with it.
I wish more people could just appreaciate that were having the best battle and championship we've had in decades: two drivers that are above and beyond everyone else, who give it absolutely everything every race, who are so different with their approach to F1 and still about equally fast on raw pace, and who are neck and neck without crashing themselves or the other out of the race, now going into the last race of the season on equal points. I mean, how insane is that, think about it! Dont hate either driver please, just enjoy!
Thanks so much for making this while on honeymoon! I was watching the race and thinking about how I would need a Driver61 video like this to process everything. Cheers and congrats!
Verstappen new what he was doing,  he didn't have to decelerate before moving out of  the way because he didn't have anything to lose and the only way for  him to win the  championship he had to play dirty 🤔.
i thinks this show verstapen dont know how to loose its the second time he goes of the truck jyst to keep the 1st place , an his dive bombs from 2 secs behaind r just shit, he only get away with them couse othe people dont want to cras h
Max a cheater
Congratulations on your wedding
Max probably also tried to keep the position the second time because of frustration from the lucky VSC Lewis got that lasted for sector 1 which was the sector Max was opening the gap meaning Lewis was easily in DRS in Sector 2.
I really appreciate your assessment that Hamilton picked up on what was going on and didn't want to give Verstappen DRS by taking the position back before the DRS line. He was just trying to get Verstappen to cross the line first, and got caught off guard when Verstappen braked. My guess is Verstappen was doing that out of frustration, and not an attempt to brake check... but both of these guys were doing questionable things throughout the race. Frustrating as a fan.
Bring back gravel
Just think about it, if everyone defended like Max in every race there would be no overtakes….only accidents   All the best to everyone
Max likes to rough Hamilton a little bit up. Don't think this is bullying
Congrats!
Congratulations Scott 😍
As I mentioned before. Max is an extremely talented driver but he does not give an inch. Fair enough you might say. He has the capacity to seriously injure himself or someone else as he does not have the ability to look at the safety angle. He does what he knows is wrong and lets the Stewards make the decisions. I have been watching F1 for over 60 years and I believe that Max is a dangerous driver. He should be seriously spoken to by his Team manager, before he commits serious damage to his team, other drivers and F1 in particular.
I'm helping! And congrats.
I am surprised why no one is talking about what a trash track for racing that was!!!
My man needs to replace micheal masi
Congrats on the wedding both of you!
stop encouraging drivers like verstappen this is dangerous driving.
Max give LW the change to pass but LW did not want'that and crashed into Max, it's heared in the video that he swithes back ,,this is not good for F1 , and FIA is unclean.
The young boy is feeling the pressure from a 7 times. But the concern here is his mindset to take both him and Lewis out to win a dirty Championship !!!!
the way I see it, dumbo Hamilton drove into the back of Verstappen, and Verstappen got penalised despite letting Hamilton through three times (including the one where Hamilton forgot to turn the steering wheel and drove into him). Mercedes Assisted FiA=MAFiA. It's rigged.
Enjoy your honeymoon and congratulations
Congrats on the wedding part! Happy honeymoon to you both 😃🎊 we all know hamilton can be a dirty driver. Never forget when he pushed Steve SuperGT Alvarez off track at that GT Sport Event once.
Congratulations and best wishes for the newly wed couple! :-)
So apologetic.. 🤣🤣🤣
After 10 years of RB and Merc having minimal competition people had forgotten how intense multi team battles were. Personally I'm happy that there's so much competition
he probably  lifted ..these cars, when you take your foot off the throttle.. you slow down a lot.. as i heard..never drove one  :\
Wait nothing about the rules with the vsc?
Congratulations on your marriage! All the best !
2.4gs (67 bar of brake pressure) of sudden deceleration when he knew Lewis was right behind him, but Max fans are trying to tell me he didn't brake check Lewis...
Amazing commitment to the channel to put out a video so soon after your wedding! Congratulations to you both!
Hahahahaha "frustrating from a fans perspective", he says. The only reason you YouTube pundits make money last years is the presence of Verstappen in F1. Else the sport would be almost dead of the total Mercedes bore... Verstappen puts food in your fridge. Not Toto or boring Lewis.
On the subject of the your marriage 🙂 ok congratulations. When you said if you don't get 10,000 subs I breathed a sigh of relief because I thought you were going to say if I don't get 10,000 babies!
There's a whole lot of stuff wrong with F1... but it's not going to change now, because - for all the stupid crap that's gone on and hasn't been fixed - it's delivered this! The narrowest of margins for the final race. No one wants penalties, but there's a remedy for that - don't get penalized! For sure, the rules need the ambiguity taken out of them, but the teams should know the rules and know to redress on their own volition so it doesn't go to the stewards and result in penalty. Maybe add extra penalty for not redressing - 5sec is often too little for cars that are 20sec ahead. Penalties keep the racing honest, and we should remember that. Redressing in a fashion to gain advantage is simply a maintaining of advantage of the incident that needed redress - especially if you gain DRS. Perhaps redress should require a corner before a subsequent overtake? Speaking of DRS - I hope they keep it... just get rid of the 1sec rule and give drivers something like 12 -15 deployments to be opened in a 50m window on the track. Use to attack, catchup or defend at your own discretion. DRS trains would go away, overcuts and undercuts would be more interesting as would the end of races where some drivers have conserved deployments.
Looking at the footage from above, it's clear that he was giving Lewis enough space to overtake and Lewis was waiting for the DRS zone to make his lunge and since he hadn't been told Max was letting him pass he tailgated him instead of going for the inside.
Congrats on the wedding and keep the great content and analysis coming.  What a season!  The Jeddah circuit looks fun from a drivers perspective, but as a fan it’s not a great circuit.  The 3 DRS zones added, but otherwise not an exciting race to watch.  Any chance you’re going to get more podcasts out?  I really enjoyed they few you’ve done.
It is time to have a new champion, but these gentlemen need to do it in a clean and fair way. Max is a super talent, but he has to learn how to behave like a champion.
7:38 YES THANK YOU FINALLY SOMEONE WHO HAS BRAINS.
Great perspective🙏
lets say your going 80 MPH+ and someones behind you not having the reaction time and you brake and crash?
That circuit should be nowhere near F1. Turned the result into a lottery.
I think the fact that Max had a few "challenges" in the prior few corners with braking and may have been running into overheating of the brakes and inconsistent feel, that is why he braked too hard in the middle of that fateful corner incident
Excellent summary of one the craziest races of all time. Enjoy your honeymoon!
If you can't see that Max Verstappen is trying to completely torpedo Lewis then you're not really paying attention.
Lewis won deservedly. But the biggest loser is the FIA. What a complete mess. And not only vis à vis Verstappen and Hamilton, but also the behavior behind the safety car, the slow reactions on debri at the track etc, etc.
of course he hid! they proved it and he got a 10 seconds penalty!
Congrats for the wedding!!
Plot twist that "Help me out" was actually a cry for help for his marriage
Congrats on your wedding!! This race was ridiculous and I don't think Max was at fault for the incident. He was told to let Lewis pass so he let up to do so. Lewis had plenty of room to go around him.
I unsubbed and subbed again. Hope that counts lol. Congrats!
Congratulations! This was really funny 🤣
Get on scott ma boy, all the best to you and your new bride
Congrats 🥳🥳
I still don't get how 33 and 44 still drove of after like nothing  happened  lucky  no dnf
Winners usually cheat  - Mercedes
As a Ferrari fan and no interest in either of these drivers,  my opinion is that Max has now crossed the line into cheating. It's dirty tricks now, and I find the levels of gamesmanship totally unacceptable. Win it on the track, not this way.
Yo, he did, after like half minute slowing for SirHamilton to overtake him....but this new age blue blood doesnt want to.....
I think Lewis had more than enough space to move to either side. he turned way too late
i'm more interested on whether Max actually do a burnout on top of Lewis lmao.  also congratulations on your wedding!
New wife u had others lol jk
Whatever your opinion but aren't we entertained this year? I mean I can't remember the last time there was so much action and drama. I don't think there was one race there wasn't some sort of drama or action this year.
So I’m driving down the highway and the car slows down in front of me and I hit it, according to the law I’m at fault.  Twice in practice Hamilton impeded other cars by driving on the racing line and the second one was mighty dangerous, guess what no penalty.  You know for sure as soon as any other driver mixes it with Hamilton they are in for a penalty
You Say "These Two just don't stop"!   No Max doesn't Stop with the Cheeky stuff  Max is over the line. This isn't a 2021 thing
We can argue about max or lewis all day.  But one thing is clear:  Masi has absolutely lost control.  He is no charlie whiting and needs to go.  P.s.  congrats on getting married!!
Congrats Scott! Love your content
Will you name your child Lewis? or Max?
Congrats on the wedding! Here's to you and your partner having many, many years of marital bliss. Thanks for finding the time to still make this content - it's much appreciated!
what baffles me is how lewis could keep up his pace doing fastest lap after another in the hards and in the end with a damaged front wing, is the mercedes really that dominant or lewis is from another planet?
Great perspective for such a f’d up race
He was not forced off. He didn't let off and concede the position, therefore penalty.
Pissed they didn't show Ocon, and Bottas's fight for 3rd.
can you really not use video footage from the race? what's the point of a breakdown without video footage.... the viewers have to imagine everything...
Max trying to  take  lewis out for good
Vukstappen is a bad loser
Congrats to you and the missus! F1 fans: "Monaco is so boring. If only it were possible to make overtaking possible on this track..." Also F1 fans: "Monaco on coke is too dangerous, not sure it should be kept on the calendar." Personally I thought the track was brilliant.
Congratulations!
FIA are being made to look ridiculous.
Mercedes got New sponsor for  next  year...Fia LOL...
Next weekend we're going to witness how desperate Redbull and Max are are going to get. If  Lewis and Max  DNF's, Max will win off of wins. It's going to get crazy.
I think that was Max's worst performance of the season
Max's defence generaly is too agresive, when they both go off the track
The video i been waiting for 👌
Congrats on your wedding!! Very nice vidio
Congratulations!!!
Hi. I have one question: Right before the brake check, did Hamilton know that Verstapen was told to give up his position?
Congratulations to the both of you. First restart: I said immidiatly, this is gonna be a penalty (note: I am a Max Fan). He got lcky with the "deal" Second restart: Great move by Max. period the "brake test": No, just no.. that was not a brake test, Lewis could have passed him without issue if he had wanted. that penalty is a joke.  But hey, the FIA and fans have what they want right.. an equal score going into the final race. Which pprobably will be decided by the stewards. And we all know in who's favor that will be. And it isn't a stroopwafel eating driver.
Seemed like you are defending off road verstappen... lol... he got away with too many mistakes and only a 5 sec penalty wich clearly wasn't going to do anything
Congratulations Scott wishing u a happy and prosperous married life... 💝And as always amazing content 🎉🎉🎉
Congratulaions!
Crongatulations for the marriage!
No he didn’t. Now do a video about Lewis ACTUALLY  brake checking vettel
Congratulations 🎉
Congratulations on your new life.
All things considered - the race ended up being the result that it would have been had it been a clean race, more than likely.  I could have seen a Merc 1-2 but more than likely Verstappen would have been able to stick close to Bottas and overtaken him at some point if it were a clean race without all the chaos.
Title is clickbait.  No video and no telemetry of the incident.
Sub if you want scott to be happy :)
With MV its willing to take a risk at any price Dangerous driver
Although Lewis wasn't told Max was going to give back the position, and only had a limited amount of time to assess what was going on, I think he's at fault here - the reason why I've come to this conclusion is because of the course of action Hamilton took as soon as Max started to slow down.  So the key question here is: why did Lewis back off and not attempt a passing maneuver?  I have come up with several possible reasons, and please keep in mind that this is pure conjecture on my part.  Reason 1: Lewis was confused why Max was slowing down, and thought it could due to a VSC or Safety car.  Reason 2: He thought the Red Bull had suffered a mechanical failure, but wanted confirm weather or not there was a VSC or Safety car before passing.  Reason 3: He thought Max was up to something devious, and thought a passing maneuver was too risky.  Reason 4: Christian Horner's theory that Lewis wanted to make the pass after the DRS line.  Each of these reasons are the result of vigilance, indicating Lewis was aware of the dangers this situation presented - Therefor I believe Lewis must have known his decision not to pass created a higher risk of a collision and was negligent by not taking avoiding action sooner.     Opinions, thoughts and criticism welcome
This is literally the best season to be a new F1 fan god damnnn
Congratulations on the marriage!
Congratulations!!! Cheers
Congrats on the wedding!
Once again very well articulated far better than listening to some of the bias from the various commentators covering the race
I m about to create multiple account to support your mariage and dedication to F1!!  My congrats for your wedding 💒
Don’t forget that Lewis had warmer tiers in the first restart
Max is a cheat! Acting like he's playing a game. That race was like a Forza race. No rules nothing to lose. Cause it's just a game right
My answer: no cause Hamilton had enough space to get past
Max is being dangerous. I hope that him and RedBull change their mindset and become more positivity oriented for the sake of the sports. This would have also not gotten to this point if the FIA was consistent.
Congratulations on your wedding!! And as always, great video !!! Now, enjoy your honeymoon~~~ ;)
Mark my words "Max verstappen will kill someone on tracks or get killed himself in near future"
Crazy crazy race .. fun to watch, that is for sure.
Congrats on your marriage!
Congratulations, man! Your videos are awesome!
Congrats on your wedding Scott!  And great video, I take less issue with the actual collision as I think they both knew what was going on although the brake check from Max shoud have more than a 10 second penalty.  Im just glad you referenced how max is ALWAYS pushing opponents off and skipping corners to maintain position and how thats just so exhausting as a racing fan....its not racing.
Whatever happens by the end of the season I think that everybody would like to see Lewis and Max race in each other's car. And I think it is not impossible considering the fact that cars next year are totally different, so there is no point in trying to keep secrets anymore (if everything is legal of course). So? Where can I make petition for that to happen?))
Personally I am just glad to have this level of rivalry again at the top of the F1 food chain. Correct me if I'm wrong but Verstapen reminds me a truckload of Hamilton too.  I mean both are absolutely excellent drivers, yes. They also behave themselves differently in their cars compared to when they are in front of cameras :p meaning they talk calmly and as respectful as they can, Hamilton especially. But neither of them are known to be anything less than super agressive and willing to act like knuckleheads when winning is on the line. Hamilton chilled off a bit with the years, but he has made his shares of questionable moves in his days too. In a sense he is confronted to himself when racing Verstapen.  Max is learning the ropes quick and Lewis doesn't have much left to learn about the game. Max may be, in my opinion, just a tiny bit more willing to push the envelope. Or maybe Lewis just makes it look a bit less raw in its execution.  Anyways, thanks for the quality content. Love your channel and congratulations on your wedding :)!
Max can go off track unsafely re enter unsafely but no penalty.
Congratulations on your wedding!  As for the race: I feel both Mercedes and Red Bull went way out of line this time around, but especially Verstappen and Bottas. Bottas deliberately driving way off pace to hold up Verstappen and Verstappen making no less than 4 illegal moves during the race. I'm all for tight racing but please keep it clean and decent.
I think Max should be on notice for the last round. If he causes the crash to win, then  he's docked points and forfeits the championship.  Let's see how he races then.
If I unsubscribe and then resubscribe will that help?
Subscribed! Wouldn't want to be responsible for ruining a marriage! :-) Masel Tov!
Congratulations on the wedding mate. 🎉🎊
Scott, does give the positio back after DRS a double punishment?
If the stewards were any further up Hamiltons @ss they'd be sitting on his gearbox. Awful race and a track that has no place in f1. Just my opinion.
Yeah no, in my opinion, Max in the end seems like he's brake checking Lewis, meaning at least a drive through equivalent, or a 5 sec stop and go equivalent penalty. And the way max tried to let Lewis by the first time? Thats not how you let someone by
Congrats on the marriage, great content as always!
Congratulations and this subscription is a good wish from my side
Congratulations on your marriage! And she's gorgeous - lucky man!
That's the last F1 I'll ever watch, it's become a joke.
He’s one of those nasty characters that are “ win at ALL costs “ absolutely no class . He needs better advisors than his “won nothing” Father and “ appeal even if the decision was in your favour “ Helmut. The kid can drive but he will never be a great the way he is going .
At least LH stays between the lines when he ran him off. MV ...well its crazy driving.
WE ALL KNOW MAX ISNT MATURED ENOUGH
This race yet again highlights massive shortcomings in F1. Lack of full time stewards? Check. Iffy race direction to teams? Check. Bad circuit design with no runoff areas or safe zones? Check.
what a crazy race to introduce me to F1. 😀  Correct me if I wrong, Did verstappen not take any pitstops? How did his tyres survive 50 laps?
I usually don't like videos (or dislike) or comment. But just wanted to wish you a happy life with your wife. Make her happy! Best wishes!
Congrats on your marriage!!!
Cheat Mercedes Cheat Just like DTM!!!!!!!!! Remember bottas
Best Analysis I’ve seen so far  Not the biased nonsense we get from Sky news
lol congrats
he didnt
Congrats to you both! Thanks for the video... I'm a Lewis fan but even objectively: if Max never yields, then surely he cannot be justified 100% of the time. His strategy certainly seems to be to push the stewards to deal with it. Bring back gravel traps!
MaFIA.
Merc is favoured by FIA. Max won't be allowed to get a fair fight.
Oof. All inferences in favor of Verstappen, without even discussing the communications situation. Poor.
Seriously mate, congrats to the marriage! I am about to as well...the next month...
I was waiting for this video since the accident happened. Congrats on your marriage. I don't think that Hamilton was as oblivious to what was happening as he is saying. And Max became greedy with wanting to let Lewis through before the DRS detection line. So he initially slowed down to let his opponent through but Hamilton did not do that. So max tried to slow down more to force Lewis to take place before the DRS detection line, but Lewis was not on the line Max was expecting him to be and that ended in a crash. And even after that when Max had to give position back to Lewis it seemed that he slowed down but Lewis didn't pass him for a few laps so that Max would have less time to fight back. I must say I am disappointed because what we have seen is like opposite of the racing. It was a dirty race IMO.
Max lied about braking. Lewis lied about not wanting to cede DRS.
No...But the FIA are to blame.  First, for not notifying MB, then for being too vague with their rules, and also to giving Max after-race points/penalties, for the fact that they have been completely dropping the ball this season on rules. Denying us our PURE R A C I S M (HAWT, on track, action). Denying us this R A C I S M is UNACCEPTABLE!
Congratulations!!
I think Verstappen stepped on the brake to avoid Hamilton getting the run on him as he was too close and I have to say it's all a bit unfair for both drivers involved. For Verstappen it is because he let Hamilton close the gap to let him pass, but he refused. Would Hamilton overtake him on the next straight because he had that little gap and DRS he would have gone passed easily, but the Stewards might not have deemed it as letting Hamilton pass, because he went passed himself. Which would then result in the 5-second penalty Verstappen got even though he tried to let him go 3 times. For Hamilton it's unfair because Verstappen can decide when he lets him pass to get a better run on him and repass him easier. All in all I think the ruling for these scenarios has to be reworked. If a driver behind doesn't want to overtake even though the other driver offers the position the other driver shouldn't receive a penalty anymore, but the other driver should let him pass in a fair and sportsmanlike manner, without passing him for at least the next corner
Thanks and God Bless you!
It wasn't a brake check. If anyone actually watched the race you saw Lewis had a bunch of time and room to react and pass Max. But instead Lewis slowed down and got right behind Max and then tried to get past him when his front wing was right behind Max's tire.  The whole race was filled with dirty tricks. Lewis not being within 10 car lengths during the restart so Max's tires got cold waiting for everyone to line back up. Max pushing turns he shouldn't. But w.e it was exciting
Might as well take away their cars and replace them with shields and maces.  I'd watch THAT!
Congrats!!!
Simple answer: no. It’s not a brake check when the car behind has more than enough time to react
hahaha... a nice one on bringing up the marriage part👍😀
BIG CONGRATULATIONS on getting married.  I wish you and your wife all the best!
2:02 BAHAHHAHAHAHAH
Congrats on the marriage and thanks for your insight.
Short answer: No  Long answer: Noooooooooooo
Congrats!
only subed for your wife
Congratulations! Here's your wedding gift sub!
Verstappen trying to let Hamilton pass at that point reminds me of when Jimmy Broadbent let someone pass in the pits because his opponent's pit box is in front, thus technically fulfilling the instructions to let them pass.
congrats on your marriage mate!
Wow, that was quite a weekend to start your honeymoon. congratulations and wish you all the best. as for max, i guess the telemetry showed us what happened. he was a bit mad max the whole weekend
This season is been both crazy exciting and terribly disappointing. The penalties dished out aren't even handed and the rules seem to be subjective.
Telemetry shows Verstappen brake tested Lewis. Telemetry showed in 2017 that Hamilton didn't.
Max getting off with meaningless penalties while other drivers have been hit with much harder penalties pulling the same sh*t...
Congratulations on your new marriage! Hope you have a wonderful honeymoon!
Congrats bro! I appreciate your videos ao much.
Max is very aggressive in iracing too.
Congratulations!!
Congrats on your wedding. Wish you nothing but the best
Who would love to see Hamilton race on a fair car ? ✋
Seems like Lewis is preordained to win. Can't be surprised how Max drives, must be frustrating.
Congratulations
Did Max start on mediums and change onto another set of mediums? I thought you had to use 2 different compounds?
❤️‍🔥💍💍❤️‍🔥
I think Verstappen drives unfair and reckless plain and simple still using his point advantage in all situations meaning he knows Hamilton has the most to lose if they crash. Also I don't mind hard racing or hard defending pushing someone wide but I think there are good way to do it. From my perspective with Verstappen is that he brakes way too late coming in like a torpedo (Kvyat) and don't seem to have any intent in making the corner. And I think that is the difference between fair and unfair defending/racing. I don't think the penalties was wrong either.
it was a clear brake check. 69bars of braking force, 2G's worth of deceleration. thats not how you let someone pass. he was pissed off, and let his emotions get to him. he's that kind of racer. not the first time where his emotions have come out like that.
I think you need to a video when you get back going in to more detail on the incidents.  The second restart imho, was Max learning from the first one as Hamilton did exactly the same to Ocon as what he did to Max ie: not make the apex of T1 and run Ocon off the track. This left the apex of T1 clear for Max to be 'last of the late brakers' and slip through whilst Hamilton was pre-occupied with Ocon.  The 'brake test' incident is hugely bizarre. My take on it - How did Lewis not know that Max hadn't gotten a problem with his gearbox? It was a question mark going in to the race after the quali incident after all. They have very sophisticated dash warning systems alerting them to yellow flags and VSCs etc. So he would know that wasn't the reason Max was slowing down. Instead he chose to slow down and sit behind - which was bizarre. What followed next, I'll never truly understand. My guess is, Max moved across the track so that he was no longer in front of Hamilton and braked to make sure he went passed. Hamilton reacted to this too quickly and ended up nerfing him up the rear. Max then sped off as in my mind he's thinking "instead of passing me, he's hit me. I tried to let him passed, but he chose not to, so f**k it off I go".  Neither of them wanted to be ahead at that point. But it was Lewis who made the active decision to slow and stay behind whilst the competitor was trying to let them passed.
Does it count if unsub and sub again?
Yes he did. Verstappen is a menace on the track. I dont really care who wins the Championship since I'm an Aloso fan. I'm fine with defending and aggressive driving. But what Max is doing is reckless
2.9G brake check...princess Max throws another tantrum. He is a fireball waiting to happen.
5:48 but it didn't go to the stewards. It went to Massi. This is the crux of the problem. Massi isn't a steward he's F1's race direct. But he's acting like a steward.
congrats on getting your life partner!  I  always enjoy your take on the racing !   its been an amazing season! Looking  so foreward to the final race.
Max is a dirty driver. No way around it. (much like his driving) And Masi needs to go. He's incompetent.
Verstappen is een zwijn
I dislike the circuit in saudi arabia
Saw a photo of Lewis his car wirh the New sponsor yessss you are rjght the F i a
Max has the right to choose where to give the position back,  and he braked gradually not immediately. Hamilton is also at fault since he had more than 3 seconds with more than a car's width on the left  (after he first hit his brake) to overtake but he still manages to crash into max. Neither should get a penalty. FIA, Michael masi should be the one to blame, not verstappen
Congratulations on your Marriage !☺️👌
If there were no controversial incidents/penalties, I believe Lewis would have won due to Max's tyre degradation. I think after cleanly following max, Lewis would have easily overtaken him in the last 8 laps as Max's tyre performance dropped. I am therefore not too concerned about everything that went on because I believe the result would be the Lewis P1 and Max P2 anyway.  I do however think it is important for the FIA to learn from this and pull up their socks.
Max will never be as good as Lewis, never. He's  screwed at UAE, Lewis will crush the gap to avoid any risk with the mad man.
Your new wife? Where did you leave the old wife?
Hey Scott, recently subbed. I disagree on the defense analisis. Just like on Monza into turn 3 I think that Max did an amazing job defending the position. He shut the door and would have made the corner if Hamilton did go on the run off area, but instead Hamilton hit Max in the rear, causing him to lose control and go off.   As always an excelent video, enjoy your honeymoon 😁
Congrats on your marriage mate!!!
Like father like son. Get this kid out of f1
I think Max thinks that if he’s about to lose a position he might as well put up a fight, on the off chance that he’ll keep it. To me, that’s completely understandable and I would do the same.
As always, a refreshingly fair and objective take on the events of the weekend. Appreciate your perspective Scott.
Subscribed. For love.
Max knows what he did and why and so do we. And I dare say the famed red mist had something to do with it.
Dude we hear your message no likes people no likes
The reason why Max is so aggressive in this race is because if he and Lewis were both out of the race he could still have the lead
great video, however I think you forgot to mention the wheel spin Verstappen got at the start because he was waiting half a minutes standing still, when Hamilton laid the whole grid full of rubber warming up his tires and getting a better start.
Can’t support the obvious emotional blackmail 😂
Don't get how Verstappen won driver of the day? It was a mess from him. Hamilton setting the pace early, keeping up and setting fastest laps with broken wing etc.
F1 isnt about racing anymore, its all about crying to FIA. That’s why i’m not a HAM or VER fan. The real racing is in the mid tier teams.
Points should be taken away for bad driving. If you don’t have any point then fine the team $1m per negative point.  Would stop this 5/10 second nonsense that quite often has no effect(eg vestapen 10 second for brake checking). It would also make the lower teams think twice before employing drivers like masapin
Congratulations newly wed 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻 love all your videos ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
hamilton wasn't confused, he's a 7 time WDC....
how this verstappen bloke is called a good driver is beyond me. Are we suddenly praising every driver that misses every corner when there is someone next to them?   He's a petulant child thats been told all his life he is a special boy resulting in the entitled personality we see today
Yes, Max deliberately brake checked Lewis.
I would just like to say how nice and refreshing it is to have a place to discuss f1 results, decision etc in a mature and adult manner. I’ve given up reading comments on BBC Sport and Sky F1 and F1 pages / channels as its just toxic. With the top notch content this is becoming my favourite motorsport forum 👍
No
It's the biggest fight since Stalin vs Hitler.
Lewis could have passed him already but he didn't want to because of DRS detection. Max was told to let him pass.
Congrats from the USA and what a race was standing the whole time!
Big Congratulations 🥂you made me laugh 👍 as always it was pleassure watching your video 👏
Congratulation for your marriage! Stunning wife!
Great review & congrats. However am missing two items. First Lewis leaving a very large gap to the first restart, resulting in the cooling of Max’s tires. Second that both drivers downshifted multiple gears before the “break test” point; also didn’t see any brake lights (is this common?)
Max's engineer did tell him Lewis' final Q3 lap time before Max started his lap. But it's not like you can blame Max for not doing the math in his head during the most intense lap of the year.
Love your reviews Scott! I just have something to add:  At the first restart, Verstappen had colder tyres than he would have wanted due to Hamilton creating a distance more than 10 cars long and taking his precious time before getting into position. That is why Ham got away so much better there. A dark grey area if you ask me and Ham could have been handed a 5 sec penalty or a reprimande for that. I think red bull is fighting this case with the FIA as we speak, but I don't think much will arise from that.  The rest is pretty spot on!
Congratulation Scott!!
Congrats on your marriage!
Looking through the comments, since both sides are crying "BIASED!", you're probably nailing the impartial opinion. Good work!
Congratulations Scott!
We want a new race director who know about racing other then just making safety walls.
MAJOR CONGRATULATIONS to you and the bride!
Congratulations man!
Congratulations on your marriage man.
Yeah, the questions I've got are: 1) Why did Max get double penalized for a single incident? 2) With regards to the collision, it is clearly down to miscommunication, as Lewis was unaware Max would yield the position. Did the FIA fail to tell Mercedes? Or did Mercedes fail to tell Hamilton? Either way, I think both drivers are absolved of responsibility there. Or, rather, they're both equally to blame for their hand in the collision, with the miscommunication having the majority blame. 3) What was Verstappen's engineer refering to when he said "That wasn't necessary?"
Congratulations on getting married
tbh i'm always annoyed by how mercedes seems to get away with much more then others. I mean okey give RB 5secs i agree with that but how about :   - Double yellows for HAM with no penalties. - Dangerous driving in quali 2 times (Gasly And Haas) no penalties. - Bottas slowing down Max in first yellow to allow Mercedes to get better pit, No penalties. - Hamilton not keeping distance with Max in order to cool his tires multiple times, No penalties. - Hamilton running Max wide in 1 instance again, no penalties  I mean all that in one race, i feel the FIA was very wrong in this race For reference Max got 5 grid penalty last race in Qatar for double yellow
Congrats on the marriage Scott!
Will Max ever yield? simple. Nope.
Congrats !!! :)
Max = SICK!  My Opinion
Hamilton schooling the immature child in the last races. Max will NEVER change
Congratulations and best wishes for you and your lovely bride.
what bothers me the most about Max , which I adore for his driving btw, is that he intentionally goes offtrack all the times intentionally bringing Lewis with him and than says " also Lewis went offtrack" ---> dude he goes offtrack to avoid hitting you :D it's not really fair. But the issue is not Max himself,are those shitty tracks that are basically all tarmac nowdays . As you said, put some gravel \grass and see what happens
Thanks for sharing the braking data (2.4G), however, I hope they never race here again.  I don't like the track and think its too dangerous without modification.  This is a race that I just assume to forget.  Hate that the stewards are so involved and had to insert so much judgment.  Let them race and only get involved when there is something egregious!  Just like when the playoffs for football or hockey happen, they let mild infractions happen.  This is coming to the wire and both want the championship - LET THEM RACE!  Thanks again for your analysis!
What do you mean max made an unnecessary mistake in quali? He was very much ahead in that lap, him running wide and almost hitting that wall that first time gained him time, he was up nearly .300 when he crashed
Congrats man! ❤️✨
Regardless of what Max was thinking, that brake-check would be considered dangerous driving in every other motorsport. This just sets the example that it's kind of okay to do this now, because all you'll get is a ten second penalty for it. What even is F1 at this point?
As this season has gone on, Max has become one of the dirtiest drivers I've seen.  Schumacher pulled this stuff in the early days, when there were no reprimands... Max looks worse than him.
Congrats on you wedding mate, I'm really happy for you. I watched your videos here and there but now I am subscribed.
Who all where waiting for this video ?
My god man you are ridiculous. You praise Max for aggressive moves but if Lewis does the same, you criticize him (Lewis was wrong for running deep into T1 moving Max off track but you were okay with Brazil). Seems like you were also fine with Max running Lewis wide just a few laps later too.   Max was playing games, Lewis is weary of Max’s games, Max brake checks him knowing he’s right behind after being in the middle of the track instead of going to one side or the other. That move was absolutely disgraceful but you just wipe it away as you usually do with Max.
Haha Congrats my man! Enjoy the new life. Stay true and honest and it'll be a blast. Keep up the great work!
We need to get 800k with only one race left!
Always awesome takes, from both sides and with a drivers perspective. Love it and huge congratulations on the marriage.
Oh Scott congratulate that you got married
"to be fair to them both"... you spend all your time sitting on the fence. FFS Max braked at 2.4G when Hamilton was up his ass, that is an absolutely obvious angry stamping on the brakes and totally out of place on an F1 track.
my opinion on this is that Max needs to at least think before acting he is a great driver just lacks a little bit of intelligence
Unusually a bit LH biased in my opinion and I want LH to win.
Congrats bratan
VER needs to have his narcissistic racing style (and attitude) reigned in. He is going to hurt someone. I am no MB fan, but if he is allowed to drive others off the track whenever he feels he will lose position, bad things are going to happen. We have already seen HAM get so frustrated with him doing this, that he drove deep and did it to VER. This style of racing cannot be allowed to continue. If this style infects the rest of the drivers, a gentlemen’s sport will quickly turn into “Everyone doing whatever it takes to win regardless of the impact on other drivers”. People will get hurt! A new rule needs to be made about allowing someone to pass as well. It should be required to achieve a 25% reduction in speed (and no more)until the other car passes. This way, there will be no confusion as to what the lead driver is doing. I believe that HAM thought that VER was slowing because VER saw yellow lights (as HAM was coming off of a semi-blind corner and may not have noticed so he slowed to stay behind VER as to not get a penalty for passing under yellow. VER slowed to an incredibly slow pace (in order to save the DRS line). THAT speed was unsafe. It was like the speed difference between cars slowing to create a gap in Quali. It is lucky that HAM didn’t get the message to pass because he would have come off that turn at full speed expecting VER to move to the side. This game that VER attempted could have caused a MASSIVE incident.
Verstappen is a genius driver, but this is very anti competitive behaviour. We've had other drivers doing stupid shit, but not like that, not all the time. FIA needs to step up and be harsher on their penalties, otherwise teams will be incentivized to cheat, lie and behave anti professionally.
Short answer: of course he did. Medium length answer: 69 bar pressure, 2.4G when you have a car right behind you is brake-testing.
So what was your opinion on Max's driving? You told us what happened but said nothing really about what your thoughts are on it.
lets o
Congratulations on your marriage ✨
Congratulations Scott!!!
I’m already subscribed but want to sub 10 more times. Congrats.
Unsubscribe to resubscribe for your 10k
Congrats on the wife, give her my condolences for all the lost Sundays.
Can someone explain to me how Hamilton can push verstappen wide like that on the last incident without receiving a penalty...?
Congratulations to you both on the wedding 😃, and it’s going to be a tense and exciting finale this weekend in Abu Dubai
Such a mess it was, can't really say more about it lmao
Verstappen is just a dirty driver
One important aspect you miss is why Verstappen had such a bad restart. As usual, Hamilton was way further than 10 car lengths back. Under a safety car you are not allowed to leave such a gap, yet Hamilton routinely does. It is purely a tactic to cool down the tyres of those ahead of him. As this was a safety car restart Hamilton should have remained within 10 car lengths of Max at all times. Once the safety car pulled in Max was de facto safety car. Because Hamilton didn't obey the rules, despite reacting to the lights quicker than Hamilton, Max got a much worse start due to cooler tyres, leading to the incident.  If Mercedes are going to make espersions concerning driving standards perhaps they should examine those of their own drivers first.
Damn, I couldn't re-subscribe as I'm already subscribing, but I hope the notifications button counts as well? Greetings from a fellow fresh husband!
best reviewer on  youtube, honest and realistic. for me the FIA made a mess of it and Max fights hard but Lewis as well but thats Racing.  And congrates with youre marrige (she is a beauty).
The fact that they offered them a solution is just... come on.
Next race Max knows if he takes Lewis out then he's gets the title.  He's not going to give any chances.  This could end very badly.
Haha, she knew what she was getting into anyway :)) Congrats!
Wow bro your lying eyes. You don't believe what your saying. As we're coming to the end the Maxi fan boys are showing their true colours. Verstappen was dirty racing, not hard racing. And taking out Hamilton, hence the brake test. He MV n Knew he was going to lose. And the . " Massie talking to RBracing, any one from 3. Go back to your wife. The honeymoon must be great. Have a nice time
I  think the biggest mistake of this race is the FIA not notifying Mercedes about Verstappen giving a place back before they told Red Bull. I have no idea why they would ever tell the leading team first as it only leads to situations like what transpired.
Something that has irked me about your videos for a while now is that whenever you have to talk about Lewis doing something barely inconvienient there's always a tone of disapproval or more like you just have to add how he could've and should've done something better. And whenever you talk about Max doing things clearly brazen you always say it in an almost justifying tone, stuff like "oh he was never going to give that spot" or "he was never going to yield." I get that you have personal favourites and want to show your support to your team. But it starts to add and pile up when you keep doing these things. Any viewer that watches is this is very obviously going to end thinking along the lines of "Oh Max is just young and he can do whatever he wants, Lewis should always know better." I think that is supremely uncool from your part. Maybe keep that in mind for future videos?
Congrats!!!
Congrats Scott, have a nice honeymoon! thats dedication right there
Very fair take, honestly this one I don't even know what to think cause it was such a cluster f
Scott I have to admit it I knew some insult was coming about Lewis Hamilton. At least he doesn't Park his car on top of other drivers
Why are all you pundits candy coating MV's racecraft during the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix?? It is obvious MV brake checked Lewis Hamilton. And the data supports this!! We have seen disqualifications for these types of track antics that Max pulled at Saudi Arabia. I would like to point out Michael Schumacher and the 1994 British Grand Prix. Now know the situation isn't quite the same. But nonetheless he was DQ for on track antics and that's my point!!
Max wanted Lewis to wipe them both out. Pretty much handing him the title. It's fairly obvious
Congrats on the wedding…
Verstappen was trying to let Hamilton through but his braking was strange, I'm sure it was a mistake because why would he brake test Hamilton? he has nothing to gain from that and a lot to lose, he can get a puncture or a time penalty (which he got) or both lol
You missed the intentional delay Hamilton used to force Verstappen to leave him hanging on the startgrid. A huge factor in  the poor 2nd start.
I think you should acknowledge Hamilton’s slow approach to the grid before the first restart…
What are you doing here on Youtube!! Aren't you supposed to be doing stuff with Mrs. Driver61?? :)  Any way. Congratulations!!!
How is this the craziest race you've ever seen in Formula One where you've literally had drivers a ejected from the car and died on track ? You people hype up the sport as if it's going to make the sport any better. The technology and the social media nonsense that F1 has taken on has ruined the sport
I think it would be a good idea to have a designated space on the racetrack (maybe front straight) where you give a position back. Dont let the driver or teams decide
congrats on your marriage
Congratulations to you and your beautiful wife. Have a great honeymoon.
Massi should go.
So, in summary, Max abused the rules not once but three times in one race and was punished two times. Add his stunt in Monza (his fault, putting both cars of the race), his stunt in Brazil (his fault, but without consequences for the race), his move in Silverstone (and, to all that are going to react, go and check the stewards decision - both drivers were at fault) and all that disagree will have to forgive me if I see a pattern. I repeat what I wrote somewhere else. If Max doesn't change, he will be doing this against even more drivers from 2022, if F1 does become more competitive.
1:18 He ran wide? Please elaborate on that. Even Toto told hamilton that Max's quali lap was looking great.
Congrats on your marriage... thanks for the vid... you managed to make some sense of the debacle... now enjoy some time out with your wife!
Congrats!!
Max does not give a F😂 He’s like “either you let me pass or we crash,your choice.” I’m neither’s fan but I am loving all of the drama! What a crazy season this is.
Congratulations on the wedding ❤️
Congratulations on getting married 😊 that means there's a chance for the rest of you F1 nerds
So this is the last video ever?
congratulations scott
Congrats on getting married!
Congrats hope you have many long years together
Congratulations, Scott! 👏 Enjoy your honeymoon and don't read the comments. ;)
Congrats on your marriage. We help you keep it long
Thanks for another fantastically insightful and balanced review. Really love your content!!  Oh, and many congratulations on getting married!
I am so happy to have an opportunity to watch videos of professional racing driver on Formula 1 incidents. I will be even more happy, if you make videos of all incidents in all races (for example, in this race 2 incidents with Vettel), however these videos can be less popular. If Formula 1 decides to have one main official, I will vote for your candidature. I wish you happy family life and keep doing what you are doing!
congrats and enjoy the honeymoon. race was crazy and Hamilton has come out looking perhaps a little better than he deserves whilst Max has the controversy and looks a little worse than he deserves. On such things are championships decided. Race is right on the edge, looking forward to next week, I hope it is clean... ish and its bound to be tense.
Congrats man! Really good for you Keep up the great content
No. And H has raced before, V gave him the opportunity to pass. H hesitated. Why? It was an intentional act by H. H wanted an advantage. DRS? Something.
And I'm not talking about you Scott I think you're a good dude
Let's be honest Scott it's not Max's first mistake and it won't be as last. Apparently Lewis's car drives itself cuz he doesn't crash into the wall or drive people off track. At some point you need to stop making excuses from Max and defending stupid irrational dangerous Behavior. You people do nothing but 💩 on Lewis Hamilton constantly. I think it's actually gross. Some of you F1 fans are the worst people on the planet
Mercs are like the mafia, they know all the tricks to play dirty and still act like victims (see bottas and first restart only in this race). Verstappen is like the boxer that knows only to punch. I for one prefer the on-track brawl. Ham put Verstappen in hospital, but merc fans still constantly say Verstappen will crash into Ham. How many times did Ham pass Ver without going to the hospital in the last 3 races?
The other thing is, verstappen basicly got 15 seconds worth of penalty's  and damage to his car for that oversteer in t1 (which was verstappens fault of course), but he gave the position back, hamilton got confused and hit verstappen, later verstappen gave the position back again, And then he STILL got a penalty for t1 incident. And on top of that he got yet another(!) penalty for trying to let lewis by which for some reason some people think it was a brake test which it was clearly not. (this is just my opinion)
Congratulations!
This was one of the best GP ever!!
Congratulations! Happy marriage!
Congrats on getting married!
Congratulations on getting married. Sheer dedication to get married, watch the race, then make a video on it the day after!
Congratulations on the wedding, man. May your marriage be as awesome as your vids!
Saying that he didn't need to crash in qualifying is like saying you don't need to chop your arm off. It's not really a valid criticism it's just an obvious statement. Your point that maybe he shouldn't have pushed so hard is pretty weak, because of how fast Hamilton was this weekend so Verstappen really needed to push as hard as possible the entire weekend. Overall I think both drivers were trying their hardest and were not going to give an inch to each other, which is fine, but as usual the stewards defined the finish yet again which is honestly turning me off to F1. If you can't let 2 desperate drivers fight tooth and nail to get an exciting championship then you may as well decide the championship now, stewards. Just let them have at it.
Congratulations on your new life! Best regards for both of you! Lot of love!  PS. The race was crazy... I think that at Abu Dhabi will be more crazy ;)
This was the analysis I was waiting for. Sir Mansell's report. Nigel is so proud of his son and daughter-in-law. Congrats to the Mansells.
Congratulations on getting married Scott.
congratulations on your marriage!  and keep up the great clips
As if the telemetry didn't answer that. Hard braking in the middle of the straight. It was pretty obvious he saw Lewis right behind him.
Congrats on your marriage!!
Happy wife, Happy Life. Looks like everyone's gotta subscribe!
Scott who are you kidding they are constantly on the radio with their team they know everything that's happening in that race he may not be able to respond, but I'm pretty sure he can listen and look at the same time. You people need to stop with this nonsense about Max. Dude is a danger to everyone on track
Brake test should = black flag at this level. Unacceptable behavior at the pinnacle of motorsport.
Hit the Ocon- 0 penalties. Violated the distance under the SC - 0 penalties. Hit the Max - 0 penalties. This is the end of F1.
How is Max putting in a fantastic lap when he runs straight into the wall ? You max fans are literally living in delusion Ville. If he was thrown from his car you would tell everyone on the planet how good he can fly 😂
Congrats on your marriage
I think that it was both Max and Lewis' stubbornness that lead to the "break test" incident
On to Verstappen : very bad start. NOT LIKE HE WAS HELD UP AND HAD HIS TIRES COOLING DOWN FOR ALMOST 50 SECONDS
Lots of best wishes for your marriage from Hungary!
Thanks for your analysis, every Monday after a race I am wating for your videos with my coffee. Congras for your wedding, all the best !. Cheers
I believe Max was trying to yield the position back to Lewis before the DRS detection zone but Lewis didn't get the notification from his team or the FIA stating the Max has been instructed to give the position back. Max definitely should have moved over to one of the sides more but there was plenty of room to the left to pass. How Lewis was so fast with a damaged front wing is nuts though, if you have that damage on your car in F1 2021 it's basically unturnable to one side.
aw congrats on your wedding!! and major props for getting such a great video out amid all that associated craziness haha!
congratulations on your marriage.....
Never will a british driver be wrong in a title fight,all those t1 incidents aside...hamilton crashed max brutally... telemetry shows the story
We'll never know? haha.. If I punch someone square in the face, the police won't just give me a citation because they don't know my intentions
Got stopped making excuses for max. Dude is dangerous plain and simple. He would kill his competitor just to say he won. And Sunday's race in the country that Harbors terrorists and hacks journalist to death and dismembered their bodies was the perfect example
Both at fault imo
Gratulations!
Is it just me or is Verstappen a hothead that overdrives sometimes on the track, while Mercedes often uses every trick in the rulebook while smiling at cameras.  The one is a great driver who gets penalties on the track and the other is the beloved cheat. Hamilton and Bottas slowing down was just so bad and i hate that this didn't even get checked.
No brake test !
No he didn’t
Congratulations on your new life
He didn’t complete the lap so why so much fuss. He crashed he couldn’t handle the speed. He cocked up.
I think the decisive moment in the drama was Bottas holding up Verstappen. Bottas and Mercedes avoiding a penalty set the emotions and actions by Verstappen and consequently Hamilton from that point forward.
Max will deffo punt Lewis off next weekend if he has the chance. It's how he plays.
Great summary
The live Grand Prix broadcast was at an inconvenient time for me, so I didn't watch and the way the Hamilton fanboys were out in force to whine about Verstappen made me think the latter had won the race. Turns out Hamilton won and they were just sore Verstappen didn't just keel over and die.
Raise your hand if you believe in your heart, that had roles been reversed, the penalties would have been the same. FOR SURE Max would be penalized immediately for running into the back of Lewis that way. Stewards would say he failed to drive past a slower car on the track, regardless of whose car it was. But Sir Lewis gets away with absolutely anything and takes the win home.
Congrats on getting married mate!
Your wife should be the first to support your youtube channel no matter what, it is one of the best things you have ever done, i believe  thank you for the dedication
Congrats on the marriage too!
Max did everything right. Hamilton had a brief encounter with the Twilight Zone.
Mate take a break, Callum’s got your back!   Congrats!
Max was simply fearless, he has to be to beat a near perfect world champion in Hamilton
I just had to stop the video. Congratulations on your wedding.
I thing a deceleration of 2.9g is a brake test.
Congratulations
Who cares? Hamilton is such a dick, I don't care what anybody does to him
congrats
life's unsolved mysteries: 1) Are we alone in the universe? 2) Did the totem in Inception ever stop? 3) Will Verstappen ever yield?  P.S: Congrats D61!
Lewis fanboy here. Max did nothing wrong during the Jeddah GP.
Congratulations @Driver61
Congratulations on your marriage! Hope you have a happy life.
Congrqtulations man, so happy for you!
Congratz!!!
Short answer. yes. It was proven. But i wouldn't say it was max's fault alone. It was like 70% max, 20% lewis and 10% fia lmao
Yes max brake checked him and tried yet again to take Hamilton out. He's a dirtbag.
I am a time traveller form the future and I have the transcript of verstappens post race interview. "If a driver sees a gap and doesn't go for it he is no longer a racing driver"
I doubt it was an intentional brake check... but it sure made things interesting!
Clearly, according to the telemetry
Congratulations on getting married Scott 🎉
THE VIDEO I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR, LONG LIVE THE LORD!
Tell your wife that I subscribed!
FIA found a 2.4g deceleration so YES, brake checked.  That brake checking was after Verstappen repeatedly ran other people off of the road nearly every single turn 1 ran.  Frankly Verstappen should have lost 2nd place and or banned for the last race and the more F1 coddles him the higher the likelihood he gets somebody killed.  I'm not even a Hamilton fan, I WANT a challenge for Hamilton and cannot wait for Hamilton/Russell battles every race next year.  Congratulations on joining the married life!
Cogratulations man!!!
Honestly this is a stupid mistake by Lewis, there was a lot of time and space to go to the left
Gongrats on your marriage.
CONGRATS!
Masi should be removed. He was completely overwhelmed and simply bad. It was embarrassing.
Congratulations!
Max may have thought the lap could still be salvaged so he risked it. New line though so harder to guess the right throttle application on the dust.
Congrats on your marriage man!
one think i know,hamilton will win and the haters will cry about this race for a while LMAOO
He got told to let lewis pass lmao
As an unbiased fan, I root for neither Max or Lewis, it has been clear Max is a dirty driver wheel to wheel. It just is.
congratulation on getting married!
Firstly Congratulations Scott.
I just know before watching this video, you’re gonna take hamiltons side .
hahahahahahahahaha HELP THIS MAN! PLEASE SUBS
*and so, WW3 ensued in the comments*
Nice! Congratulations!
He wanted to let him by before the DRS detection zone and Hamilton didn't pass, when the DRS zone came very close, Max braked to make sure Lewis goes through first, that's why he braked, he didn't specifically want to brake check him, he just wanted to let Lewis first so he can get the DRS
Congratulations on the marriage Scott!
Hey Scott! Could you maybe do a video on the challenges/what it takes to be fast on an oval versus what it takes to be fast on a more "standard" track? Thank you very much, loving the content as always!
Congratulations! Always look forward to your vids.
Congratulations! 🎉
2.4g deceleration under BRAKING….. I’d say the dirty bastard brake tested Hamilton! Middle of the track…, wandering right to left and back…. Then braking hard… The steward dished out a limp dicked ban if ever there was one!
Congrats on getting married
More incidents in one race than the average full season!
early on ths one
"Will Verstappen ever yield?" Haha, that was a good one.
Wasn't a brake check imo
I think he did because he was in the middle of the track and he just take off afterwards
Hamilton will be champion
Yes. Telemetry data doesn't lie  P.S. Jeddah Circuit should be removed
Nope he didnt but let just say it was a very very controversial race im so incredible excited for the last race than its all or nothing
Didn't know where to start for this one! What did you make of it?   🔔 Join our Driver61 Discord Server for Next Week's Watchalong! ➡️  https://bit.ly/3lkO5gJ
Lewis at fault can’t change my mind, turn 1 incident was maxes fault but Lewis pushed him off twice also max didn’t brake check, he wanted Lewis get by before the drs zone like you said.Lewis also wanted drs so I don’t think that anyone deserves a penalty for that incident
My brain still can't process what has happened in the race overall tbh(also congrats mate)
First! I’ve been waiting for your take on this haha
Been waiting for this
Yes
